464:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18
employes in the Executive Departments, not
probably in grammar or chemistry, or in any
other topics except those which relate to the par-
ticular employment which the applicant seeks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Grammar is always im-
portant.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not make much
difference whether a messenger who carries
our messages is a good grammarian or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How about a clerk who
writes letters?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think he ought to be a
good grammarian. A civil service board should
be nothing but a board of five sensible men to
examine a man as to his fitness for the par-
ticular office that he seeks, the qualifications
for the respective offices being as various as the
number of offices. As a matter of course if a
person is to appear before the Supreme Court
of the United Stales as a lawyer, he is to be
examined as to his character and qualifications
as a lawyer. If he appears before you as a
messenger, the examination should be very
limited indeed. After all, the boards now
existing in the various Departments of the
Government, organized within the last few
years under this Administration, are the most
effective agencies of civil service reform that
have yet been devised.
Mr. President, I did not intend to engage
in this discussion; I simply wished to correct
a misapprehension that, I saw at once seized
on the minds of the Senate, and of the specta-
tors as well, as to the course of the Admin-
istration on civil service reform, and to show
that the only change which has been made has
been made at the request of this board of
gentlemen, and promulgated by the President
at their request.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I did not
have the pleasure to listen to my friend from
Wisconsin, because a duty in another part of
the Capitol compelled me to be absent. Know-
ing the resolution that lie had offered, I had
designed, as one of the early friends of this
effort to improve the public service, to make
some reply upon some of the points that I
knew he would present; but as I did not have
the pleasure of hearing him, I shall have to
defer my reply until Monday; and with that
view I will for a moment yield to my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] who wishes to
submit some observations at this time.
Mr. MORTON. I do not desire, Mr. Presi-
dent, to discuss the merits of the system of
civil service reform that has been presented.
I can only say that, so far as I am concerned,
what the President of the United States has
proposed to do shall have a fair trial.
The Senator from Ohio has in part antici-
pated what I intended to say. I intended to
challenge a statement that has been made on
the floor of the Senate this afternoon, and, I
believe, read from the report of the commis-
sioners, to this effect:
"But it is calculated by those who have made a
careful study of nil the facts that one fourth of the
revenues of the United States are annually lost in
the collection, and for a large part of that loss a sys-
tem of the service which is fatally unsound may
reasonably be held responsible."
I desire to 'challenge that statement. I do
not call in question the sincerity of the gen-
tlemen on the board who made that statement,
but 1 submit to the Senate and the country
that they have been grossly imposed upon,
and that so far from twenty-five per cent, of
the revenues of this country being lost in that
way, no evidence can be fount! which will
show that five per cent, has been lost in that
way under this Administration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to suggest to him that this commission do
not report any such fact? -Let me repeat to
him that they simply say it so stated, as a
mere method of bringing to the attention of
the President the fact that there is complaint,
and a statement in the country that there are
great losses. They do not undertake to be
responsible for any such statement.
Mr. MORTON. I understand that. I say
they have been imposed upon. They givo
what has been represented by others. What
I mean to say is, that the representation which
has been made to them, and which they evi-
dently believe and have reported to the Pres-
ident, is a gross exaggeration that ought not to
be allowed to go before this country without
being challenged. If our present system of civil
service results in the loss of twenty-five per
cent, of all the revenues of this country; it is
the worst in the world; the worst that has ever
been known in this country; and I believe such
a statement does essential and gross injustice
to this Administration and to the very character
of the Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend be good
enough to read just what the commission does
say?
Mr. MORTON. I certainly have not put it
upon them as saying it on their own statement
and authority. I have quoted that they give
it on the authority of others,
Mr. EDMUNDS. But will my friend be
kind enough to read in connection with his
remarks what they say?
Mr. MORTON. I did read it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend has read it,
very well. Now, I wish to put it to him
whether that commission undertook to be re-
sponsible for any such statement, or whether
all that they say is not, (as one thing that is
pervading the mind of the country by state-
ments of this character) that it is so stated.
Mr. MORTON. I have so said, Mr. Presi-
dent, but I have further said that while the
commission reported this as having been said
to them by those who made the calculation,
yet they evidently believed it or they would
not have reported it, and therefore they give
it the sanction of their belief in going before
the country. While I do not question their
sincerity, I challenge the fact, and it is due to
this Government that this statement should be
met upon the threshold. J think no evidence
can be found or has been found that will sus-
tain this statement, or even twenty per cent,
of the statement. I want to say right here that
much that has been said during the last two
years about civil service reform I believe to be
the grossest exaggeration. While there are
great evils in our system which ought to be
remedied, and I have always said that, and I
am for one determined to sustain the Presi-
dent and give his effort a fair trial to correct
these evils, yet I repeat what I have said be-
fore, that I believe our system with all its
faults is to-day the best civil service in the
world. Our system may have faults that other
systems have not; but other systems have faults
that ours has not, and they have enormous ones ;
and if anybody will take the trouble to read
the character and the history of the civil service
of the great Governments of Europe he will
be forced to the conclusion that they have
enormous faults which do not belong to ours.
Mr. President, one word further, for I do
not intend to detain the Senate, and I so said
to the Senator from Vermont. The President
of the United States can do nothing that will
satisfy those who have been particularly clam-
orous about civil service reform. We have
had an illustration on the floor of the Senate
this afternoon in the remarks made by the
Senator from Illinois. He tells the Senate
and the country this afternoon that he does
not set much store by competitive examin-
ations ; he gives the go-by in a single sentence
to the great body of the work done by the dis-
tinguished Mr. Curtis and other gentlemen.
He says, "I do not set much store by com-
petitive examinations." He says, "I have not
any fault to find with the scholarship of the
men who have been appointed ; that is not it."
Thus he has brushed out the great body of
the report and of the work that has been sub-
mitted. Now, what is his civil service reform ?
He said it was as to the mode of appointment,
not a question of competitive examinations,
not a question of scholarship of the men who
are appointed, but the mode of appointment:
that some mode of appointment shall be
adopted which shall take it from political
influence ; and he gave us to understand what
his idea of civil service reform was. It was
embodied in a bill that he presented to the
Senate about a year ago, making it, I believe,
a penitentiary offense for any member of Con-
gress to recommend a man for an appointment
unless the President had previously requested
him in writing to give his opinion on the sub-
ject. That is his idea of civil service reform,
totally and wholly different from that recom-
mended by that distinguished board appointed
by the President.
And then he finds fault with this report in
another respect. How? It has not fixed a
term of service in which there can be no re-
movals, exceptfor cause to be stated in writing,
by the Presideut, or by the head of Depart-
ment making those removals. Of course this
system does not satisfy him.
And then he says, further, that it should
begin with those now in office. That has
been the complaint made already by every
Democratic newspaper in the land, that the
system of civil service reform presented by
this commission and accepted by the Presi-
dent does not apply to those who are now in
office. We are already told that it is a mere
scheme to keep the Radicals in office as long
as they live.
I merely refer to these things to show that
whatever this Administration may do upon *
the subject of civil service reform, it cannot
give satisfaction to those who have been chiefly
clamorous on this subject. And while the
Senator from Illinois lias in effect assailed
positions taken by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin to-day, of which I say nothing, yet he has
himself brushed away in a few sentences nearly
all the work that has been done by this civil
service reform commission, and says that he
values these competitive examinations and
what is required chiefly on account of their
taking the matter out of the hands of mem-
bers of Congress. This, Mr. President, is all
I have to say.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before I give way to my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,]
who desires an executive session, I wish to say
one word. I think my friend from Indiana has
unintentionally misrepresented the position of
the civil service commission in the statement
that they have made touching the loss in the
collection of revenue; and in order to show
that, I will read the whole of the statement,
although properly it ought to be taken in con-
nection with what they say before and after,
but I'have not time for that. They say:
"It is not easy to compute in figures the exact eco-
nomical difference between a good and a bad system
of the civil service. It is, necessarily, a, matter of
inference and of comparison between the probable
operation of a careless and a eareful method. But
it is calculated, by those who have made a careful
study of all the facts, that one fourth of the reve-
nues of the United States are annually lost in tile
collection, and for a large part of that loss a system
o| the service which is tatally unsound inav reason-
ably be held responsible."
It appears to me that this commission do not
undertake inferentially to agree to the propo-
sition as to the quantum of loss that there is.
On the contrary they saythat it is not capable
of being ascertained, and they only inform the
President, as one reason why he should carry
out the law of Congress, that it is stated by
people who make figures a part of their busi-
ness that there is so much. They say, " we
cannot tell whether there is or not; but what-
ever there may be, be it more or less, is prob-
ably referable is some degree to the system, as
well as to other circumstances which are beyond
the control of any system." Now, 1 think so
much is due to this commission.
Mr. MORTON. My friend will allow me to
say that I expressly stated that the commis-
sion did not make the statement on their
authority, but said it was made by those who
