4048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30f
that this is a prime article of universal use.
So is tobacco; and it was well observed by
the Senator from Ohio that upon tobacco we
have raised the tax six hundred percent, upon
its value, and here upon the article of salt you
propose to reduce the duty upon one form one
hundred and twenty-five per cent., and upon
the other one hundred per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, if in this
bill salt had been singled out for a serious
reduction of duties, considerable argument
might be made against it; but it is not singled
out. This is a bill of general reductions affect-
ing many of the most leading interests in the
country. I do not know why salt should be
exempted from a share in these reductions.
Thus far, as well as one can judge from the
votes taken, there has been an acquiescence
in the reductions of the bill. I should be
very sorry to see any breach made now in the
system of reductions proposed. If salt is to
be put back anywhere near to the former duty,
then this whole bill will necessarily be gone
over again. I, for instance, should not be
content to let wool, in which California is so
much interested, bear the reduction of duties
made upon it if salt is to escape.
I said in the beginning when the Senator
from Pennsylvania proposed to relieve pig iron
from its share of the reduction of ten per
cent., that it would be impossible to permit
that without surrendering practically the entire
body of reductions made in this bill. I hope,
for the sake of the general principle of the
bill and the dispatch of business, and in view
of the general equity of all these interests sub-
mitting to the general system of reduction
proposed, that the amendment of the Senator
from New York will not be adopted.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I am opposed to this
amendment. During this session we have
relieved the people from the payment of duty
on tea and coffee ; and now when that is mani-
fest to them, and when salt is spoken of in
connection, how will it be explained to their
satisfaction that a duty higher than heretofore
should be put upon salt? Every man in the
nation needs salt. My distinguished friend
from Michigan has not introduced a parallel
case to illustrate the matter when he speaks of
tobacco. Tobacco is not required to go into
the pot of every planter or individual in camp
or elsewhere through this broad nation. Men
can do without tobacco; but in the absence
of salt we cannot get along. Our stock re-
quire it. It is required in every sense of the
word. It is required by every family in the
nation. If anything should be introduced with-
out tax, it seems to me that salt is the article
rather than tea or coffee, or anything that you
can designate.
I am a tariff man, however; I ever have
been; and I wish to look at this thing with
proper discretion. A judicious tariff is the
idea. The word "judicious" in this connec-
tion is what elected General Jackson Presi-
dent in the first instance. The matter never
has been reconciled between the North and
the South. At that time, when lightning did
not flash from the North to the West and from
the South to the East in every direction, he
was interrogated on the part of his friends as
to what his views were on the subject of the
tariff, and he answered "I am for a judicious
tariff." That suited every man North, because
a protective tariff was "judicious" for him,
and the South was free and easy on the sub-
ject, and a squint at free trade was there con-
sidered ."judicious." Now, in the South we
do not want to increase the duty on salt.
Every man feels itand feels it sensibly, though
it isa small matter when it comes to be applied
so far as the revenues of the Government are
concerned. Taking all these things into con-
sideration, it seems to me it ought not to be
increased.
Mr. NYE. I want to say a single word. In
all countries but this where salt is produced,
salt produces itself, and all it costs is to shovel
it up and put it 011 ship-board, and the vessels
bring it in ballast to our ports. On the east-
ern part of the continent that cannot be done.
We have the same character of salt in the
State where I have the honor to live in large
deposits. For many years I lived right at the
seat of the Onondaga salt-works. I saw them
grow up from my boyhood, I have seen the
interest that was then small stand out now as
one of the great producing interests of the
State of New York. I have seen all of this,
and I let it go reluctantly. I do not believe
that the people of the United States demand
that this great interest shall be slaughtered for
the ballast that is brought here in ships. I do
not believe that we are called upon to sacri-
fice millions for the purpose of enriching per-
sons who bring salt as ballast in foreign ships.
I share in all this sympathy with the poor;
and everybody has got gushing fountains of
sympathy. I tell this Senate and I tell this
people that salt with this duty off will not be
one fiftieth part of a penny a barrel less in
price. Our sympathies were all moved the
other day on tea and coffee. Oh, how the
lips of the poor watered for free tea and free
coffee; but tea and coffee are as high to-day
as they were when the duties were on, and will
remain so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A little
higher.
Mr. NYB. Yes, we give fifteen, twenty, or
thirty millions to the holders of the articles in
bond, but not a drop of tea to the poor. It is
idle to talk in this way ; it is trifling with the
poor, and using it as a lever to destroy insti-
tutions that have grown up slowly but surely
in our own country. Sir, I am sick of this
pretense of free tea and coffee aud free salt.
Why, sir, salt is the cheapest article we' get
now. Salt in family expenses is a mere noth-
ing; and yet here are men who have their all
invested in its production, and it is stricken
down to make rich men who bring salt in
ballast in foreign bottoms to our own shores.
I hope that this amendment will prevail,
and I believe it is the discharge of a high duty
that we see to it that this great interest is not
sacrificed. My friend from Missouri says they
have a property of $2,000,000 to divide. I do
not know how that is, but I know from my own
observation that they have been more than
fifty years in building it up. I know that the
property was almost valueless till this indus-
try built it up, and if my honorable friend will
visit what we used to familiarly know as Salt
Point, he will see where the marshes have been
subdued and brought into requisition, and he
can contemplate the labor that has built up a
great city and cluster of' villages around it, and
every branch of that business is to be broken
down for that which is not to profit one of
our citizens a half a penny, but to build up an
interest antagonistic to ours, which I hope
will not be done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is right
that the Senate should understand that salt
imported in bags is of vastly greater value than
that which is imported in bulk. The largest
amount is of what is usually called the Ashton
salt. There are several other firms that send
out salt of equally good quality, but the great
bulk of the amount of salt received in bags is
what is called the Ashton salt. It is a very
nice article, and it is worth a great deal more
per ton than salt in bulk. The present propo-
sition of the House is lower than that proposed
by the Senate in the former bill which passed
this body, on both salt in bulk and salt in bags.
I shall hope at least to see the rates agreed
upon by the Senate a few weeks ago restored.
The statement of the Senator from New
York in relation to the duties on bags is en-
tirely correct. The bags in which this fine
article of salt is imported are very superior,
thick, heavy cloth, and hold four bushels. The
duty upon a bag of salt of that kind, at the
rate here proposed, would not be much more
than the duty upon the bag, saying nothing at
all about the salt. The duty that we have had
for the past ten years has been twenty-four
cents a bushel upon salt in bags. It seems to
me that to reduce it now to one half at a single
jump is rather a severe process. I shall hope
at least to see an additional duty imposed upon
those bags. I do not like the form of the
present proposition.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York by in-
serting " five" instead of ''thirty " per cent.
It has been stated by the Senator from Nevada
and others that to take away this duty upon
common salt will ruin the salt-works at Onon-
daga. I stated some time ago in a debate on
this question what was true, and what nobody
denied or could deny, that so far from there
being any necessity for this duty to protect the
salt-works in this country, those salt-works
absolutely sent a large amount of salt to
Canada, and sold it in Canada in competition
with salt-works in Canada. I read the statis-
tics of the number of bushels. Five hundred
thousand bushels on the average, I believe,
were sold for four consecutive years in Canada
in competition with free salt in Canada. If
that could be done, it seems to me they could
survive in this country without having this
enormous tax.
But here is a remarkable document to which
I wish to call the attention of the Senate. It
is the agreement of the Onondaga Salt Com-
pany with the Goderich company of Canada,
that the Goderich company shall not send its
salt here to compete with the Onondaga salt,
and in consideration of that, that the Onon-
daga company will not send its salt into
Canada to be sold. I have the agreement
here, signed by the parties:
Syracuse, New Yokk, August 14,1871.
Deak Sib : The letters of Messrs. Coleman & Hans-
ford ot the 9th instant, and yours of 10th instant,
have been duly received and contents noted.
The verbal arrangement entered into between'
your committee and this company when they were
here a few days since was substantially as follows:
It was understood that, with the exception of two
thousand barrels which you had already agreed to
ship to Mr. Shaw at Milwaukee, you should allow
none of your salt to be sent into our western mar-
kets, in consideration of which we were to hold our
salt at full prices at Oswego and Buffalo, and offer
no inducements to Canada parties to purchase from
us. This we have done in good faith, and we do not
believe one barrel of our salt has gone into Can-
ada since your committee was here. We have had
numerous applications from parties at Hamilton,
Toronto, Kingston, and other points, and could have
placed a large quantity of salt in your markets had
we been disposed to discriminate in price; but we
have in all cases refused to make any concessions
from our full home prices in any ease. As soon as
the arrangement was made we put the price at $1 95
at Buffalo and 0 Jgo; have since advanced it to
two dollars, and it is now held firmly at the last-
named price.
We shall continue this policy (which, so far as we
are concerned, gives you all of the Canada market)
so long as you carry out the agreement on your part.
But if there should be any influx of your salt into
our western markets weshould be compelled in self
defcnseto open our ports to the Oanaitian trade at
such prices as would insure us the sale of a much
larger quantity of our salt than you could expect to
dispose of in the western markets now supplied by
us. We should have been glad to have taken some
of your salt and disposed of it for your account at
Milwaukee and Chicago (as suggested by your com-
mittee) had such a course been at all possible, but jn
the present state of these mifirkets it would have
been impossible to do so without utterly demoral-
izing prices and reducing them to absolutely ruin-
ous rates. The facts are that the western markets
are very largely overstocked and will continue so
during the present year. Our company have now
about one hundred thousand barrels lying at the
ports of Buffalo and Oswego awaiting orders for
shipments. All of our lake stations are also full to
overflowing, and we have scarcely room for a cargo
of salt at any lake port at the present moment. The
Saginaw and Ohio river manufacturers are in the
same situation. With this state of things it is not
difficult to foretell what effect any addition to the
present surplus from outside parties would have
upon the market.
Trusting that you may deem it for your interest to
keep your salt within your own borders, we agree-
ing to keep ours entirely out of your market, we
remain, yours truly,
J. W. BARKER, Secretary.
TnoiiAS Short, esq.. President, (rodcrich, Ontario.
