1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Army, Navy, or marine service of the Government
of the United States, during the present war be-
tween said United States and the confederate States,
to invade or enter upon, with hostile intent, the ter-
ritory or soil of this State, or with like intent to
enter within the waters of this State.
Sec. 2. That any person guilty of exciting insur-
rection or insubordination, as in this act defined,
shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by confine-
ment in the penitentiary for not less than fivo nor
more than fifteen years. * * * * *
Approved, March 5,1863.
Note.—By the u act to provide against the
hostile invasion of the State of Texas by per-
sons of color," approved March 6, 1863, the
day following the passage of the above act, it
was enacted that all persons of color who
should invade Texas, or take up arms with the
troops of the United States, should, if free,
forfeit their freedom, and if slaves, should be
returned to their masters; and that all that
were not reclaimed, together with those who
had forfeited their freedom, should be sold at
public auction into slavery. Felons and slaves
were the legal status in Texas of the officers
and soldiers of the colored troops.
Disfranchisement, &e.
Chapter XVI.—An Act to exclude from office,
serving on juries, taking or holding property, and
from the rights ot suffrage, all persons who take
the alien oath, loave our country to avoid the ser-
vice, or join the enemy, or in anywise givo thciu
aid and comfort.
Be it enacted by the Legislature of the State of
Texas, That no poison, being a resident of tho
State, or of any one of the confederate States, who
may, during tho existing war hetwoen tho confed-
erate States and tho United States, fako the oath
commonly known as the alien oath, whereby ho
claims tho protection of any foreign Government, as
a shiold lrom serving tho cause ot tho coniodorato
States in their present struggle ; or who may loave,
or, having left, remain absent from this Stato, or
any of tho confederate States, to avoid participa-
tion in behalf of tho confederate States; or who
may join, or, having joined, continues in tho Army,
or service, or employment of the United States; or
who may conceal himself, and thereby avoid sorvico
in our cause; or who may in anywiso give aid
and comfort to tho enemy, shall, upon conviction
thereof before any court oi competent jurisdiction,
take or hold any estate, leal, personal or mixed,
whether by puvohase, devise, or descent, in this
State, nor hold any ofliee of tiust, profit, or honor,
nor vote at any election, nor servo on >my juries in
any court within Una State: J'rovid^d, That porsons
who shall prove themselves to bo bonajhU neutrals
and citizens of a friendly Power shall not bo subject
to tbe piovisionH of llus act.
SttO. *Z. That tho judgment of the court upon tho
verdict of a jury m any ono of tbe causes enumer-
ated in tho preceding section, shall be sufficient ovi-
denco of tho guilt ot tho party, in any ami or pro-
ceeding that may subsequently arise, on any issuo
made, upon any question involved in the said first
scotion.
Sko, 8. Thftt for tho offenses enumerated in tho
first section of this act, the parly may be prosecuted
at anytime within five years alter tho ratification
of a treaty of poaeo botween tho confederate Statos
and the united Slates.
Sko. 4, That I his act take elfoct from and aftor its
passage.
Approved, March 5,1X63.
Van for Hanging Loyal Men.
ChaptkrXX.—An act appropriating money to defray
tho oxpensoKincurred i'or rations and foruore, or-
dered by brigadier General William Hudson,
twenty-first brigade, State troops.
Whereas about the 1st of October. 1862, it became
known that a secret organization existed in the
county of Cooke, and adjoining counties, having for
its object tho overthrow of this government; and
whereas the Texas Stato troops, of the twenty-first
brigade, wore called out by Bngadior General Wil-
liam Hudson, of said brigade; and whereas said
rebellion has been effectually crushed, and harmony
restored in that portion ot tho State: Therefore,
Be It enacted, &c., That the comptroller he, and
he is hereby.requirod to audit and pay, by his war-
rants upon the treasurer, all accounts for forago and
subsistence of the Texas State troops, twonty-firrt
brigade, called into servicc by Brigadier General
William Hudson, of said brigade, &c.
Approved, March 5,1863.
Note.—The organization referred to in the
act was that of Union men who were endeav-
oring to reach the Union lines in Missouri
to join tbe command of Colonel Martin D.
Hart, formerly a senator in the Legislature
from northern Texas, who had escaped through
the confederate lines, but who was after-
wards captured in Arkansas and hung by a
regiment of which Crump, Sanfley, and other
noted Democratic politicians in northern
Texas, were officers. The organization was
"effectually crushed and harmony restored1'
by hanging over one hundred men, and the
shooting of many others. It is a historical
fact that thirty-two of these loyal men were
hung upon a single tree in Cooke county,
which stands to-day, and is known as the
Dead Man's Tree.
A Beastly jResolution,
Chapter VII.—Joint resolution concerning retal-
iation.
Resolved by the Legislature of the State of Texas,
That we heartily approve of the proclamation of
the president of the confederate States to retaliate
for the iniquities of General Butler, (better known
as Butler the Beast,) in the State of Louisiana, as
well as his retaliation proclamation against General
McNeill, for the murder of citizens in the State of
Missouri, and we trust that retaliation will be
strictly and rigidly practiced by our government in
ail such cases of outrage, and we pledge the people
of this Stato to sustain the president of the confed-
erate States in all his measures of retaliation against
those who outrage humanity by such an utter dis-
regard of the rules of civilized warfare.
Resolved, ThattheGovernor of this State transmit
a copy of this resolution to our members of congress,
and that it be laid before the presidont.
Approved, March 6,1863.
A Proud and Scornful Defiance.
Chapter VI,—Joint Resolution.
Whereas the present war waged by the Govern-
ment of tho United States upon the g-overnment,
people, and propertyof thp confederate States, is
without precedent in its atrocious and unchristian
char actor; and whereas tho comparative exemption
of our own dear State from many of tho more dire
concomitants of war may bo construed as a cause
of our unanimity for sustaining our government:
Therefore,
1. Be it enacted by the Legislature of the State of
Texas, That now that our presumptuous enemy
treads our soil, in heavy numbeis and menacing
attitude, we bid him a proud and scornful defiance !
2. That we pledge our sister States that in this
struggle our authorities and our people will evince
a patriotism and endurance as great as the occasion
and as prolonged as the conflict, &c.
Approved, December, 16,1863.
Robert J. Walker voted " a Scalawag."
Chapter XII.
Whereas it is the opinion of many persons, in and
out of the county of Walker, that said county was
named in honor of one Robert J. Walker, then a
distinguished citizen of the Stato of Mississippi, and
who had rendered himsolf popular with the people
of Texas by his warm advocacy of the annexation
of Texas 10 the United States; and whereas the said
Robert J. Walker, ungrateful to the people who had
honored him, and nurtured him into political dis-
tinction, has deserted that people, and is now
leagued with Abraham Lincoln in his vain efforts
to subjugate tho southern States, now struggling for
their liberties and independence, thereby rendering
his name justly odious to the people of Texas and
of the confederate States of America: Therefore.
1. lie it resolved, &c., That the county of Walker,
in this Stato, be, and tho same is hereby, named
Walker county, in honor ot Captain Samuel II.
Walker, the distinguished Texas ratiger, and that
henceforth no honor shall attach to the name of tho
said Robert J. Walker, in consequence of a county
of this Stato bearing the name of Walker, &c.
Approved, Doeember 16,1863.
About Reconstruction—Response of the Secession De-
mocracy to their Northern Allies.
Chapter I.—Joint resolutions concerning peace,
reconstruction, and independence.
Whereas among the political parties m the Uni-
ted States the question of a rounion of those States
with these of the confederacy is being agitated, and
in order to promote such reunion it is urged that
delegates be chosen from each of the States of the con-
federacy and in the Union, to meet in convention to
reform the Constitution of the United States, which
proposition is coupled with the quasi pledge that
such amendments shall bemade to that Constitution
as will forever guaranty the institution of African
siaveryin thoStatesofthisconfederacy; and where-
as it is possible that the political party in the Uni-
ted States advocating that proposition may prevail
at the approaching election in choosing the Execu-
tive of that Government, and that consequently the
foregoing proposition may be attempted to be made
to the States of tho confedercey: Now we, of the
State of Texas, believing that it is proper to meet
such proposition in advance, have resolved as fol-
lows :
Resolution 1. That neither the above proposition
nor any other can be made to the people of this
Stato by the United States or any foreign people,
the government of tbe confederate States being
the only organ of the States in the confederacy for
the transaction of business with foreigu nations,
and such proposition, if made at all, must be made
to the government of the confederate States, and if
made to the government of this Stato will not be
entertained.
Resolution 2. Thatwe recognize in that proposition
no good faith, but merely an insidious policy to
"divide and conquer," a policy through which it is
hoped to detach some of the States of the confeder-
acy, thereby to weaken and demoralize the rest. To
accomplish this an appeal is made to our love of
property, which, as it is the all-prevailing motive
to the action of the people of the North, they sup-
posed would control our conduct.
Resolution 3. That it will be well for the people of
the North to understand, even at this late day. that
the southern States did not secede from the Union
upon any question such as the mere preservation of
the slave property of their citizens, out that, being
free and sovereign States, they were resolved to
preserve their freedom and their sovereignty; they
were free to govern themselves as they, and not
others, saw fit. They were free to change their gov-
ernment, to erect a new one, and to make whatever
alliances they should choose. And after nearly four
years of arduous war these States arc still unwaver-
ing in their resolution to preserve their freedom
and their sovereignty, without which all else is
valueless.
Resolution 4. That could the present war and all
its horrors be blotted out of our memories, our past
experience while in the Union would warn us from
any reunion with the peopleof theNorth. A written
Constitution, adopted hy our ancestors and theirs,
which contained plainly-worded guarantees of the
rights of all, was by them and their sworn represent-
atives deliberately and persistently violated to our
injury, and finally, after years of discussion, when
the question was understandingly before the people
at large, they elected a Chief Magistrate with the
purpose that he should destroy our liberties in dis-
regard of the Constitution which he had sworn to
support, thus exhibiting a radical and widespread
national depravity, to the honor of human nature,
never exhibited in the world before.
Resolution But we could not, if we would, ban-
ish from our memories the inhumanities of this war.
Our enemies have repudiated every principle of civ-
ilized warfare. They have withdrawn their felons
from jails and penitentiaries, hav§ recruited from
the scum of Europe, and armed our own slaves, in
order to procure an army sufiicienaly atrocious for
their purpose; and this army has been launched
upon us with the declared object of our extermina-
tion. Poisoned weapons have bfeen manufactured
and used; exchange of prisoners has been refused
until tho success of our arms extorted a cartel, and
the terms of this has been violated by them when-
ever the varying fortunesof thefield made it appar-
ently advantageous to do so. Our countrymen when
captured have been removod to rigorous climes and
subjected to every hardship that thus they might be
destroyed. Non-combatants have been murdered.
Indiscriminate onslaught hasbeen made upon totter-
ing ago and tender youth. Our chaste and defenseless
women have been subjected to outrage worse than
death. Peaceful villages have been burned, and
happy homes plundered and burned. Whole popula-
tions have boon removed and bondaged to northern
mastors. Desolation has marched with their armies.
Religious services have been prohibited; ministers
of the gospel of peace have been incarcerated and
silenced, and sacrilegious hands have beenlaidupon
our sacred altars. Lying to themselves, and pre-
tending to the rest of the world that they are fight-
ing the battles of freedom for four million happy
and contented negroes, they are attempting the en-
slavement of eight million freemen. With devilish
mockery of philanthropy, they have deluded and
dragged these negroes from their comfortable homes
to use them as screens from our weapons in the day
of battle, and they have sent them by thousands to
painful deaths by neglect, exposure, and starvation.
Words cannot express the malignity in their hearts,
or the atrocity of their deeds, exceeding, as they
do, all that was ever conceived by men, from the
Scythian down to tho Comanche. Nor has this
been the conduct of an unbridled soldiery merely.
Those officers of their army who'have surpassed the
rest of tho infamous in infamy, have been rewarded
with promotion by their Government. Nor has
their Government been alone in identifying itself
with their crimes. The people of the North have
never failed, when the opportunity was presented,
to render ovations to the most transcendent among
the criminals, while their press has been constant
in its laudation, and their orators and preachers
have cried out "Well done." Army, Government,
and people have united to make the name of Yankeo,
suggestive as it was before ol fraud, now the synonym
of barbarism and baseness.
Resolution 6. By the just pride of the manhood and
the virtue which we claim as individuals and as a
people; by the divine command which warns us not
to walk in the way with the wicked ; by the memory
of our murdered dead; by the sight of tho bereaved
mothers, widows, sisters, daughters, and orphans in
our land; by the heart-brokenness of trampled vir-
tue, and by our desolated hearths, we are forbidden
to admit a thought of further association with tiie
people of the North. Our heroic soldiers, the living
and the martyred dead, forbid it; and our trust m
God forbids it.
Resolution 7. We declare thatwe earnestly desire
peace, but we say no less distinctly that it must be
coupled with our independence. And if the people
of the United States be really disposed to terminate
the war, they will best provo that disposition by
making their propositions to the government of tho
confederate States, which alone can entertain it.
Approved, November 12,1864.
texas politics.
Mr. CLABK, of Texas. I now propose to
occupy the remainder of my time in making
what is called a personal explanation. The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and
