iSTl]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
42d Cong 2d Sess.
Refunding Tax on Cotton—Mr. Perce.
Ho. oyEara.'
country until it is about to be shipped. If
this be the case, let us endeavor to ascer-
tain exactly when the produce becomes an
export. It surely is when aboard the vessel.
It is when going over the gang-plank into the
vessel. It surely is when on the wharf, or on
the cart going to the wharf. A drayman
could laugh at an assessor, under the Consti-
tution. It surely is on the car or steamboat
from which the drayman takes it to the ship.
Now, why is this produce an "export" under
these conditions? Simply because the inten-
tion of the owner to export the article is ap-
parent. Then, I ask, is it more apparent than
ft is in the hands of the planter? Certainly
not. We must remember that the Supreme
Court of the United States have decided that,
under section ten of article two, the words 1 'ex-
port" and "import" applied to articles of ex-
ports and imports from one State to another,
in 1860 the State of Mississippi produced over
twelve hundred thousand bales of cotton, and
she never manufactured in any one year ten
thousand bales.
Not one hundred and twentieth part of the
crop of cotton of Mississippi is consumed
within her borders. The crop has been ex-
ported for fifty years, and no one will be mad
enough to deny that fact. The intention to
export follows the dropping of the seed to the
act of exportation itself; or, to state it the
other way, the intention to export can be
traced back from the shipment of the article
to the sowing of the land, and is just as clear
while the produce is in the hands of the
planter as it is while on the dray, going over
the sides of the vessel, or stowed away in the
hold. If Congress can tax the staple article
of export, the action of the members of the
Convention of 1789 was utterly useless. What
point did they gain? Why were they so
strenuous in the protection of their exports
that they declared a tax upon exports would
shipwreck the entire scheme of the constitu-
tional plan? Surely it was to protect their
staple productions—tobacco, rice, indigo. But
if Congress could go into the tobacco and rice
fields, notwithstanding the constitutional pro-
vision against the taxation of exports, the
prohibition is not worth the paper on which it
was written. Justice Story says:
"If Congress were allowed to lay a duty on ex-
ports from any one State, it might unreasonably
injure or even destroy the staple productions or
common-articles of that State."
But if Congress can go into the field and tax
the staple to the amount of thirty-three per
Cent, of its value, hopelessly ruining its pro-
ducers, they more effectually destroy the sta-
ple production than they could by a tax on the
act of exportation. The excess over and
above what is consumed in any .country must
be exported or it is valueless ; consequently
whatever is produced and not consumed at
home constitutes the exports of that particu-
lar country. Mississippi produced in 1860
twelve hundred thousand bales of cotton,
and used, say, at a large estimate, ten thou-
sand bales, the eleven hundred and ninety
thousand bales being her article of export.
It was for the protection of this that the
southern members in the constitutional con-
vention insisted upon this constitutional check.
This great disproportion between the pro-
duction and consumption in the southern
States is a notorious fact known at home and
abroad; known to the planter; known to the
merchant, who bases his foreign exchange
upon it; known to the manufacturer, who
watches the fluctuations of the Liverpool
market as accounts of abundant or short crops
are forwarded to the great* cotton-trade center
of the world. It was known to Congress as
well. They knew that the southern planter
grew cotton for export and_ for nothing else,
They knew, for it was notorious, that u many
parts of the South the planter grew cotton
for export to the exclusion of breadstuff's and
meats, relying upon the sale of his produce in
the foreign market to procure the means to
buy and import his subsistence stores.
To say that the tax is not laid on cotton as
an article of export, because it is levied upon
it in the hands of the producer and before it
is entered into the general commerce of the
country, in other words, before it i3 in transitu
to its foreign destinattion, is a subterfuge.
The Constitution " is addressed to the common
sense of the people, and never was designed for
trials of logical skill or visionary speculation."
If the Constitution may be evaded by specious
language, or laws ingeniously framed, then is
it a vain and useless parchment, alike unwor-
thy the statesmen who framed its provisions,
or the nation who bases upon it the liberties
and rights of a great and progressive people.
The cotton-tax act, however, does not
attempt any disguise; it uses no specious or
ingenious language to mask its purpose. It
stands a very highway robber among the laws
of the land. Its command is to " deliver
or die.'' The planter sows his seed, cultivates
the soil, and reaps the harvest for the sole
purpose of exportation, but the robber law
steps in and declares before he can remove it
from the place of production he must pay the
tax, and after that be paid quietly retires,
declaring that " no drawback shall in any case
be allowed on raw or unmanufactured cotton
exported," the Constitution to the contrary
notwithstanding. I have referred to the State
of Mississippi) permit me to do so again.
Mississippi is the largest cotton-producing
State in the Union. I know of but one cotton
manufactory, and that is located in my district.
We export all but about the one hundred and
twentieth part of the amount produced. What
becomes of the balance? It is exported from
the extreme northern portion of the State to
Memphis, Tennessee; from the eastern por-
tion of the State, along the line of the Mobile
and Ohio railroad, to Mobile, Alabama; from
the southern and western portions of the State,
along the line of the Central Mississippi and
New Orleans and Jackson railroads, and on
the Mississippi and Yazoo rivers to New
Orleans. Thus our cotton finds a market in
three cities outside of Mississippi, and each in
a different State. Two thirds of the entire
crop is sent to its market in one or the other
of these cities by the planter himself. The
Elanter on the Mississippi or Yazoo ne«er sells
is cotton .on .his .place, but ships_ it to his
factor in New Orleans and Memphis, so that
in fact he is exporter as well as producer.^
The case of Almy vs. The State of Califor-
nia, (24 Howard,Supreme Court Reports, 169,)
as well as Brown vs. The State of Maryland,
before cited, is directly in point. In the latter
case Chief Justice Marshall declares that a
tax on the occupation of importer was a tax
on imports. By parity of reasoning a tax on
the occupation ot exporter is unconstitutional,
The planter on the Mississippi bottom there-
fore -Cannot be taxed under the shape of a
license.
The case of Almy vs. California deserves in
this place a little further consideration. The
Legislature of California, to providearevenue,
passed an act wherein a stamp tax was imposed
on bills of lading for the transportation, from
any point in that Slate to any point or place
without the State, of gold and silver, whether
in the shape of coin, dust, bars, or otherwise;
and required that there should be attached to
the bill of lading, or stamped thereon, a stamp
or stamps expressing in value the amount of
such tax or duty. By previous law on the
subject, it was made a misdemeanor, punish-
able by fine, to use any paper without a stamp
where the law required stamped paper to be
used.
The case, as stated by Chief Justice Taney,
arose in this wise:
Almy, the plaintiff in error, being the master of
I call the attention of the House to the fact
that this exportation was from one State to
another State, and not to a foreign country—
"for which he signed a bill of lading upon un-
stamped paper and without having any stamp at-
tached to it."
For this infraction of the laws of California
he was indicted, tried, found guilty, and fined
by the court of sessions. Upon the revision
of this judgment, on writ of error, Chief Justice
Taney delivered the opinion, which concludes
as follows":
" In the judgment of this court the State tax in
question is a duty upon the export of gold and sil-
ver, and consequently repugnant to the olause in
the Constitution hereinbefore referred to; and the
judgment of the court of sessions must therefore
be reversed."
In delivering its opinion in this case the
court took occasion to declare that—
" If the tax wag laid on the gold or silver exported
every one would see it was repugnant to the Consti-
tution of the United States, which in express terms
declares that no State shall, without the consent of
Congress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or
exports, except what may be absolutely necessary
for executing its inspection laws."
I ask the committee to substitute a planta-
tion on the Mississippi bottom lands for San
Francisco, New Orleans for New York, and
for the constitutional clause quoted by the
court that other and more comprehensive
prohibition, "no tax or duty shall be laid on
articles exported from any State;" then sub-
stitute cotton for " gold and silver," and apply
the law as laid down by the court in Almy vs.
The State of California to the cottoa tax. To
put it-another way: suppose there were no
mint in California, and all its gold, save what
was used in dentistry—for that is about the
proportion of cotton used in the South—was
habitually sent to New York, would not, in
the language of the court, "every one see
that a tax laid on gold would be repugnant
to the Constitution 1" It is said that all per-
sons are presumed to know the law. On the
other hand, I assert that in the passage of any
law Congress is bound to know the fact. In
the passage of the law taxing cotton Congress
ignored the fact that the cotton grown in the
southern States is_ produced for the purpose,
and is exported either to foreign countries or
to other States; and they seemed to be ignorant
of the law in this, that they construed, or
seemed to construe, the words "exported
from any State" to apply exclusively to for-
eign exportation, when in truth, under the
decision of the tribunal of last resort, it ap-
plies equally to exportation from one State to
another.
Again, I assert that a law unconstitutional
as to one citizen is unconstitutional as to all
citizens. In the case above supposed in refer-
ence to cotton raised in the bottom lands of
Mississippi the law taxing that produce is
clearly unconstitutional, flow, then, is it on
the other side of the Mississippi river? Is
the Louisiana planter, who raises his cotton
and ships it under identical circumstances
and surroundings to the same market, New
Orleans, to pay the tax, while his neighbor
across th© river, a mile off, ia to go free i If
this be so, the very evil foreseen by the found-
ers of the Republic, and sought to be pre-
vented by the prohibition of taxation upon
"exports," has come upon us, and the indus-
tries of one State all depressed to the benefit
of another. The Louisiana cotton and the
Mississippi cotton each and all ultimately
finds a foreign market, and is sold for the
same price; but in the case supposed the Mis-
sissippi planter would receive an amount ia
