1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
my colleagues [Mr. Hakcock and Mr. Con-
ner] are now iu their seats, and I will now
submit the few remarks that I endeavored to
get an opportunity to make yesterday, when
there were present more persons whom I
would be glad to hear what I desire to say.
When I sought the floor day before yester-
day to introduce a resolution in the way of a
personal explanation, the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] to whom my remarks
would have been directed, was not in his seat.
I therefore declined to make any remarks at
that time. I told the gentlemau afterward
that on yesterday I would seek an oppor-
tunity to submit my remarks to the House.
There was objection made, because my col-
leagues on the other side of the House were
not present. 1 tal satisfied, Mr. Speaker,
that if the gentleman who objected yesterday
to my remarks had understood the ilature of
them, he would not have made any objection.
But I have sought this opportunity to place
myself right before this House and befote the
country in a matter which I believe involves
the character and integrity of the Governor of
my State. It is Well known to the House that
ever since I took my seat on this floor I have
been personally attacked by various journals
of the country ; but I have never replied. For
nearly three years now I have been a member
of this House, and I never had one bitter Word
of contest with any member here. I have been
treated here with uniform courtesy and kind-
ness, and as I am about to leave for my home
to go on with the contest which I am com-
pelled to make to retain my seat, I thought it
was my right and my duty to put myself in a
proper attitude before my friends in this House
and the people of the country.
Now, sir, there were charges made against
the Governor of my State in connection with
myself. Charges of that kind appeared in the
New York Tribune, the Evening Post, the Sun,
as well as in the Patriot of this city, and vari-
ous other Democratic papers of the country.
I kept perfectly quiet. I said not one word.
I- waited for time which "makes all things
even."
Now, sir, the dispatches from Texas having
shown that the Governor of my State was
indicted because of certain conduct toward
myself, I send to the Clerk's desk to be read
extracts, not only from Republican but from
Democratic journals, as to the result of the in-
dictment which was brought against Governor
Davis.
The Clerk read as follows:
[Houston Daily Union, February 19, 1872.]
Austin, February 19,1872.
Four members of the grand jury of the Federal
court which, recently indicted Governor Davis have
been implicated as having been bribed to indiot
Republicans and to sht'eld Democrats.
General Davidson, chief ef the State police, holds
the receipts given by them for the money they re-
ceived for ignoring a bill against a prominent Dem-
ocrat of Bryan, who is charged with revenue frauds
to a large amount.
The State police are on the track of ex-Deputy
Marshal Wallace, who summoned himself on the
grand jury, and also on track of other members of
thegrandjury, who are all supposed to have accepted
bribes.
Considerable evidence has been obtained( whioh
indicates that the whole grand jury, with one or two
exceptions, was bribed. TRACY
In view of the astounding developments as to the
bribing of the Federal grand jury, the evidence of
which is fast doming to light, the conspirators here
who prostituted the Fedetal court in order to over-
throw the State government, are filled with conster-
nation and do not know what to do.
The State Journal, in to-morrow morning's issue,
will publish the receipts given by the bribed grand
jurors for the money they received.
Menger, of Comal county, seems to have been the
ringleader in the affair.
[Daily State Journal, Austin, February 20,1872.]
A Bribed Grand Jury—Murder will Out.—
Ever since the indictment of the Governor by a
grand jury of the Federal court, upon which three
deputy marshals sat as members, subpenaed by
iheiliselves, we have been satisfied there was some-
thing " rotten in Denmark." The fact that Repub-
licans could bo indicted upon the most frivolous pre-
tenses, while Democrats charged with the gravest
offenses escaped, was an additional evidence that the
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 86,
grand jury in question was but the creature of a vile
clique in Austin, who were determined to prostitute
the United States court for the purpose ot breaking
down the Stato government and throwing discredit
upon the Republican party m general.
Detectives, under the direotion of Adjutant Gen-
eral Davidson, were accordingly set to work to fer-
ret out and unearth the suspected villainy. After a
thorough and patient effort, evidence enough has
been obtained to convict several members of the
grand jury of the crime of bribery.
Following is a portion of the evidence in the case
of four members:
[$250.3 Austin, February 3,1872.
Received of ■ the above amount, in full for
the services of a committee of four persons on the
United States grand jury, in a tobacco case of Sim-
onis. JOSEPH MENGER,
Foreman of eaid committee.
For prudential reasons we withhold the name of
the party to whom this receipt was given, but it is
in our possession and subject to the order of the
proper authorities.
The original receipt, signed by Joseph Menger,
of Comal county, is in the hands of General David-
son. chief of the police of the State.
We have other evidences in our possession point-
ing to the bribery of the members, which, by the
advice of General Davidson, we withhold for the
present.
We present enough to satisfy every unprejudiced
person that the grand jury of the Federal court was
bribed, that it was simply a tool in the hands of
disloyal tricksters to overthrow the State govern-
ment and defraud the United States Government of
its legitimate revenues. We will hold the balance
in reserve until permitted by the authorities to
make it public. We understand that since the dis-
trict attorney has learned of the bribery ofthe grand
jury he has determined to apply to the court to
quash all indictments found by' them, and ask for
the impanneling of a new jury. The court, in vin-
dication of its own dignity, should at once proceed
to sift the matter to the bottom, and we doubt not
will grant the motion ofthe attorney.
Mr. HANCOCK. Mr. Speaker, I will state
to my colleague that since our conversation
yesterday I have seen telegrams which passed
between the Attorney General and the mar-
shal ; 1 had not seen anything of them before.
With my colleague's permission I will send
them to the Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. The gentleman
can have them read al'ier I get through.
Mr. HANCOCK. The time occupied in
reading these telegrams need not be taken
out of my colleague's time, I presume,
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. When I get through
toy colleague can go on. The State Gazette,
a Democratic paper which my colleage .ought
to indorse, and I presume does indorse, con-
tains the same statement and makes the same
points which have been made by the papers
juat read at the Clerk's desk.
Now, Mr. Speaker, understanding this thing
very well, I believe that I know the game
which is going on, although some gentlemen
think that I am not "posted." There was a
reason why the floor was denied me yesterday
morning. It will appear some day that a gen-
tleman who was not in his seat yesterday morn-
ing is a partner in the law firm who were en-
gaged to bring about this very indictment. I
have no doubt, sir, (and I say it looking him
right in the lace,) that he was close by when
the gentleman from New York objected to
my making a personal explanation; I know
the tricks of these damnable villains too Well.
Sir, I know the rottenness, the wretchedness,
the blood-red villainy of the Democracy of
Texas very well. I have seen it put to me
with double-barreled shot-guns too often not
to know when and where to respond to it.
Mr. HAN COCK. May 1 ask my colleague
what, he means by his allusion?
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I will tfell my
colleague what I mean by and by. He has
thrown down the gauntlet here, and I have
taken it up in behalf of seventy thousand
honest Republicans of my State.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want no controversy
with my colleague. It is only by accident
that I found out that he was behind the whole
movement here which yesterday took me off
the floor. He knew perfectly well that I was
compelled to go down to Texas and fight over
again the battle for the occupancy of my seat
itl this House; and he had not the honesty, he
had not the courage to stand up here himself
and object to my proceeding, but he pat sortie*
body else forward to do it.
Mr. HANCOCK. If that language is in
order and proper, I think I might be permitted
to reply to it by saying that it is utterly false ;
there is not one word of truth in it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
decides that the gentleman is not in order.
His language is unparliamentary.
Mr. HANCOCK. I think my language is
pertinent to that of my colleague.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. Well, I apologize
to the House for saying anything here that Is
not in order.
Mr. HANCOCK. I have no apology to
make for saying what I have.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I
go on with the point I was making, simply
desiring to correct my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] in some remarks which he made
in this House, on the 22d of January and the
16th of February, regarding the Governor of
my State. I send to the Clerk's desk, to be
read, extracts from those remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Davis, of Texas, a tyrant and usurper, who is
denounced by his people, regardless of party, as a
fiend in human form whose orders and acts are a
disgrace to American civilisation." * * *
"I k'nowwhy these charges are made. What I said
about the State government of Tennessee was also
said about the men who hold the reins of govern-
ment in the other States, and I said a good deal
more about some of them. One man—Governor
Davis, of Texas—was, as I afterward learned, stand-
ing iu this Hall looking me in the face when I said
it. 1 said more of Governor Bullock of Georgia,
when he sat on this floor in the last Congress. I
have said more about nearly all of the others ; they
are not all cripples and imbeciles. I have never
told a lie about one of thorn. X am prepared to
prove every fact which I have stated here or else-
where about the tyranny of the usurpers in the
southern States."
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. Now, Mr. Speaker,
let u3 consider this question between the gen-
tleman from Kentucky and myself. There is
no gentleman on the floor of this House for
whom I have entertained a higher regard than
for the gentleman from Kentucky. I admire
him personally ; 1 have known him well. I
have watched his course here, and I would not
say what I have to say now did I not know
that he has a heart as big as an ox; if he ever
does a wrong to anybody he is the first man to
get up and apologize for it. The fact that he
has received his information from irresponsi-
ble or prejudiced parties is the reason why he
stands up here and calls the Governor of my
State a "fiend in human form." The gen-
tleman from Kentucky is an honorable man.
He said the other day, as I understood him,
that he was born iu Virginia, though some gen-
tlemau suggests to me now that his remark was
that he had family ties conuecting him with
Virginia. At any rate he is now identified
with southern interests and southern men. I
believe him to be a chivaii'ic gentleman. I do
not believe that he would say an unkind word
about anybody unless he believed that he was
thereby subserving the interests of his country.
But I ask him to tell me here and now
whether if he had "all the blood of all the
Howards" m his veins he could stand up in
this House and tell a man who was a guest of
the House, and whose lips were closed, that
he was a "fiend in human form?" Is that
courageous? Is that Kentucky chivalry? That
is the issue between the gentleman and my-
self. Governor Davis was the guest of this
House. As the gentleman from Kentucky has
said, he looked him in the face when the gen-
tleman called him a "fiend in human form;"
but he regarded him with pity, and I had al-
most said with contempt. With a countenance
" more in sorrow than in anger" did he regard
the gentleman from Kentucky on that day.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman will allow me
one word at this point; I may say more here-
after. I said in my last remarks that I had
not learned till after my first- speech that Gov-
ernor Davia, of Texas, Was present when I
made it. When I made that first speech I did
