1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had made the calculation. But I want to ask
a question. I ask the Senator from Vermont
if the Senator from Illinois did not quote that
statement this afternoon on this floor as evi-
dence of the fact that one fourth of all the
revenues were lost in that way? I ask if that
was not said here on the floor this afternoon?
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I said before, I was
not present and cannot answer. My friend
from Illinois, sometimes in the enthusiasm for
the public service which always characterizes
his conduct, may have given a cast to this as
taking for granted what these gentlemen only
say has been stated, and if you will read all
that they say upon the subject, it shows clearly
that they informed the President that they did
not intend to be responsible for it at all, but
on the contrary, used it only as a consideration
to be presented to his mind as showing that
there may be more or less loss from these
causes which a better system of service might
in some degree prevent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Vermont, as he was not present, when he at-
tributes some remarks to my enthusiasm, will do
me the justice of allowing me to correct that on
this occasion at least. 1 read every word that
they said on that subject just as he read it;
the very same paragraphs were read to the
Senate, and the whole of them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now yield to my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.]
Mr. ROBERTSON. I rise to demand the
regular order.
Mr. SUMNER. And I demand the regular
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If anybody rises to de-
mand the regular order, I believe I will go on.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe 1 have the floor
by permission of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. SUMNER.- But before the motion is
put I want to demand the regular order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe I have the
floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont is still on the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I yield to the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate
from Vermont yields the floor, the Chair will
recognize, by the usage of the Senate, the Sen-
ator from South Carolina or the Senator from
Massachusetts to call for the regular order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I yield to the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont yields to the Senator from
Pennsylvania; but pending the motion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, two Senators de-
mand the regular order, and the Chair will
state that by the usage of the Senate, repeated
several times from the Chair, at anytime before
adopting a motion for executive session or an
adjournment, when the x'egular order has been
iniormally passed over, it can be called up on
the demand of any Senator, so that it shall be
the business on which the Senate shall adjourn.
The Chair so stated to-day at one o'clock, and
so stated previously when it was informally
passed over two or three times for the pur-
pose of discussing other matters.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the regular order,
Mr. President?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amnesty bill.
Mr. EDMLTNDS. I hope my honorable
friend from Massachusetts will not interfere to
prevent my having the courtesy of replying to
my friend from Wisconsin.
Mr. SUMNER. The amnesty bill with the
pending amendment has been under discussion
some days, and I think the Senator will agree
that it is important we should arrive at a vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state, then, simply
that if it is not the pleasure of my friend from
Massachusetts to permit me to make some re-
marks on Monday in reply to my friend from
Wisconsin, I can, of course, submit to the
pleasure of the Senate and make them now;
but I had the impression that it was usual in
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 30.
this body (as has been done to-day in refer-
ence to my friend from Wisconsin) to allow a
Senator to submit remarks upon a question of
this kind at any convenient season. Now, if
my friend from Massachusetts insists on cut-
ting me off on Monday from completing What
I desire to say, then I must go on now.
Mr. SUMNER. I am only one. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina has a special interest
in the pending measure, and we both desire
to press it to a vote. It has been put aside
informally, as the Senator knows, to-day fof
the very question on which he is speaking.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, Mr. President, I
do not wish to appeal to my friend and have a
debate about it. I think I can get along. I
give notice now, then, that I shall move to
amend the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts now pending, by adding a pro-
vision which shall provide also for equal rights
in the civil service, upon which I shall address
the Senate on Monday. [Latlghter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business, being the amnesty bill, is* on the de-
mand of several Senators, now before the Sen-
ate, itnd the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cami son] moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CAMERON. That is my motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask my friend from
Penn-sylvania to withdraw that for a moment.
Mr. CAMERON. I will not yield.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator withdraw
it to enable me to make a motion? I desire
to move to postpone the present and all
previous orders for the purpose of taking up
the concurrent resolution fixing the time of
adjournment
Mr. SUMNER. Ihopenot.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (to Mr. Cameron.) IF
you do not go on with your executive business,
I will go on with my speech.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor fiom Pennsylvania yield?
Mr. CAMERON. I do not yield at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion for
an executive session is the highest motion
before the Senate except a motion to adjourn,
and it is now to be decided by the Senate. It
is not a debatable motion according to the
rules. The question is on the motion of the
Sena'or from Pennsylvania.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proc> eded to the consideration of executive
business. After half an hour spent in execu-
tive r.ession, the doors were reopehed, and (at
four o'clock and thirty-nine minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
110 USE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 18, 1872.
T) • House met at twelve o't lock m. Prayer
by ti ; Chaplain, Rev. J. G. ButLBR, D. D.
TLe Journal of yesterday Was read and
appioved.
adjournment over.
Mr. PETERS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns
to-mnrrow it be to meet on Monday next.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sturgeon bay sliip-canal.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which Was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the House a copy of the sup-
plementary report made by Major D. 0. Houston,
of the engineer corps. of tile examination, survey,
and estimates for tile construction of tho Sturgeon
bay and Lake Michigan slnp-canal.
speaker pro tempore.
The speaker. The Chair is compelled
to ask the indulgence of the House. Owing
to the extreme illnfess of a member of his
family, he is not able to preside to-day, and
nominates the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] as Speaker pro tempore till %b-
mofroW.
CtAia Oi? TEXXs.
Mr. CLARKE, of Texas, by unanimous Son-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered-, and agreed to:
Sesolved, That the Secretary of War be, and ill
hereby, directed to inform this House why the money
appropriated in the acts of Congress of March 3,
1869, and June 23, 1870, has not been paid to the
State of Texas as provided for in said aets.
" WltfHDfcAWAL 03? PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of papers in (he
case of John Davis, an applicant for a pen-
sion ; and the same were referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
deposits in national banks.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, a paper has been
supplied to the Committee of Ways and Means
setting forth some very material and interest-
ing facts relating to matters pending before
that committee, which it is very desirable
should be printed in pamphlet form. It is a
tabulated statement showing the amount of
public securities deposited with the Grovera-
ment by those national banks which are also
national depositaries, as securities for Govern-
ment deposits placed in their keepihg either
by the Secretary of the Treasury or by any
Government officer, and it also contains a
statement of the average amount of such Gov-
ernment deposits per week with each national
depositary during the last fiscal year. I move
that the communication be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I cdll fof
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The regular
order of business being demanded, the mt>rn-
ing hour commences at fifteen minutes aftetf
twelve o'clock, and reports are in order from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
sarah whiting.
Mr. PECK, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill (H. R* No. 10^3)
granting a pension to Sarah Whiting; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place on the pension roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pehsidn laws,
the name of Sarah Whiting, widtjw of Joseph
B. Whiting, late second licuten&nttWenty-sixth
regiment Massachusetts volunteers.
The bill was ofdei*ed to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossedj it Was
accordingly read the third tiriie, and $&ssed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the Vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
martha a. jones.
Mr. PECK, from the same committee, Im-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 1006) granting &
pension to Martha A. Jones ; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering it t8 be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Seoretar^
of the Interior to place on the pfehsion-roll,-
subject to the provisions and limitatioiis of the
pension laws, the name of Martha A. Jones,
widow of Oliver P. Jones, late a private in
the one hundred and fifth regiment IndiaiJa
volunteers, from and after the passage of the
act.
Mr. McGREW. Is there a report in this
case? _ ,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
