1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2257
their boat and a large part of their goods; and, in
my opinion, the Government ought to make good
the losses they sustained through the wrongful acts
of its officers.
Very respectfully, yours,
THOMAS SWING, jr.,
Late Brevet Major General, U. S. Vol.
Hon. T. 0. Howe, United States Senate.
Without going into the evidence, the proofs of the
loyalty of the Spencers are ample. The elder Spen-
cer was for a long time m the confidential employ-
ment of General Grant, and fully trusted.
When their goods were seized, the estimate of the
olhcers making the seizure was that they were
worth $9 000 00
Adding the lowest estimate placed" upon
tlle boat  2.000 00
And the entire value of the property seised
tp.was :     11,000 00
The property restored was inventoried at  2,803 50
Actual amount of the loss SS,196 50
The committee believe this estimate low, but rec-
ommend be paid to the memorialists in full of their
claim upon the United States, and report a bill
accordingly.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask whether, after
the statement which has been made by the
chairman of the committee, that he is not in
favor of this bill, it had not better be passed
over.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope not. This bill has
been reported twice, and I understand every
member of the committee who was present at
the time thebill was reported voted in favor of
it. The chairman was not present at the time
it was reported, though he states that he was
opposed to it at a former session. I do not
understand now that he does more than state
that he dissents from the report. If the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts will look at the letter
of General Ewing he will find this: he says
in the first place lie found that the assistant
adjutant general, Mr. Marsh, of St. Louis, had
ordered the discharge of these persons by this
order :
Headquarters St. Louis District,
St. Loins, Missouri, October 25,1864.
Charles "W. Spencer and Henry W. Spencer having
been tried by a military commission and acquitted
of the charge of " selling goods m violation of mili-
tary orders," the property now in the hands of the
military authorities at New Madrid, Mound City,
ana bt. Louis, and belonging to the said Spencers,
will be restored to thein.
By command of Major General Pleasonton :
C. AY. MARSH,
Assistant Adjutant (Jeneral.
Then General JSwing says, on the 22d of
February, 1870, among other things ;
"It was the opinion of the judge advocate of the
commission, and, in fact, of every officer who invest-
igated tho charges, I think, (except Captain Prew-
itt, whose character as an officer was involved,)
that there was no good reason to suspect the fidelity
ul either of the Spencers to the Government, or their
obedience to all orders of which they had knowledge
respecting trade.
"These men suffered a long imprisonment; lost
their boat and a large part of their goods ; and, in
my opinion, the Government ought to make good
the losses they sustained through the wrongful acts
of its officers."
That is the opinion of the general in com-
mand at that place. This claim was reported
upon favorably at the last Congress, but not
acted upon. The same committee have con-
sidered the claim again and make the same
report. I think it due to these men, if they
have a just and honest claim against the
Government, that it should be paid, and not
postponed from time to time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to hear from the chairman of the committee
the reason why he dissented from the report.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator from Iowa
if there was among the papers when the case
was examined in the committee at this session
the record of the proceedings before the court-
martial?
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir; those are all re-
ferred to m the report which we have here.
Mr. HOWE. 1 could not hear all of the
report.
Mr. WRIGHT. That report is referred to
on the thiid page of the committee's report;
but it will be tound that oil examination this
42d Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 14^!,
report by the officers was all set aside. It was
found that there was no ground on earth for
proceeding against these men ; that there was
no just suspicion whatever as to their loyalty.
Mr. HOWE. But did the Senator read the
testimony given before the court?
Mr. WRIGHT. The testimony is not given
at length, but the substance of it.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator from Iowa
if he read that testimony?
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. What effect did
that testimony produce on the chairman?
Mr. HO WEI. The effect it produced on my
mind, I must say, was that it was not so clear
a case that these parties were not guilty of
illicit trading. The man who purchased these
goods, Cupps, was from some place in Ten-
nessee, if I remember—I have not looked at
the testimony for more than a year—and lie
was purchasing goods from this boat on the
shore of the river, and he was arrested while
one of the Spencers was taking him in a skiff
up along the bank of the river. The Senator
shakes his head, and I suppose I am wrong.
Mr. PRATT. Across the river.
Mr. HOWE. L state what my recollection is.
Mr. WRIGHT. If the Senator will allow
me to correct him, I think 1 can do so. The
report upon that subject, the chairman will
find, states that this man Cupps had been
arrested and taken by the guard to headquar-
ters and was released. He was suspected to be
a rebel and a spy. He was arrested and taken
to headquarters and released. After that he
went to this trading-boat and purchased some
goods, amounting to some forty-five dollars;
but there is 110 suggestion that tho goods he
bought were of an illicit character; they were
merely family supplies. After this, the ferry-
boat having stopped running that was run by
J ones, one of the Spencers, Henry, undertook
to set him across the river that he might go
home, and they were arrested while he was
thus engaged in taking him across the river.
Mr. HOWE. If I remember aright while they
were going up the bank of the river with their
skiff in order to start from some point higher
up, and with muffled oars. The Senator thinks
I am not correct in my recollection, but that
is the way I recollect the testimony. I know
it made an impression on my mind.
But I had another reason for not acqui-
escing in the report, and it was this: suppose
it was all true, suppose everything that they
said was true, it simply showed that their
goods, while they had been once seized, per-
haps, by proper authority, upon proper com-
plaint, yet while they were in the custody of
the officers had been misappropiiated; they
had been plundered. It was an act of plun-
der. It does not appear that these petitioners
ever made any complaint of that to the officer
in command at St. Louis. It struck me that
the Government was not liable to respond for
such plunder as that; that the officers them-
selves ought to have been held responsible.
Mr. PRATT. Does not my friend from
Wisconsin remember that the officers at that
post participated with the men 111 plundering
the boat and shared the booty?
Mr. HOWE. I do not rt member that the
officers in command at St. Louis participated
in the plundering of this trading-boat. I forget
who was in command there. I think General
Curtis.
Mr. PRATT. I am speaking of the officers
in command of the post opposite which this
boat was lying, Captain Prewitt and the quar-
termaster.
ilr. HOWE. I remember that that was the
allegation of these petitioners; but while I do
not. know Captain Prewitt nor any of the rest
of these officers, I say on behalf of the service
that after having given a good deal of atten-
tion to the testimony in the case, I do not
believe one word of that story. I do not
believe they were plundered even by the sub-
ordinate officers; but if they were, as I said
before, there were officers at St. Louis abun-
dantly competent to redress these things, and I
should think of character enough, if appealed
to, to do it; but I do not mean to be drawn
into resistance to this bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 wish to say in answer to
the last suggestion ot the chairman that there
were officers in St. Louis competent to redress
this wrong; that it seems the officers in St.
Louis did redress it as far as possible, because
they ordered the return of every dollar of this
property that was left to these persons, and
they found expressly that there was no war-
rant or authority for the condemnation of this
property, or for its destruction, or for the
arrest of these men. As far as possible, they
did repair the injury by ordering the return
of the property.
I wish to say also, before I take my seat, that
it seems this property was ordered to be taken
by an officer at the post. Now, I think that
a fair rule on the subject is this : that though
the Government ought not to be held respons-
ible for the wanton act of soldiers in the de-
struction of property, yet when the property
has been seized by the order of an officer, and
is thus under the control of the officer, and in
the custody of the officer and of the Govern-
ment, if they allow it to be lost by the wanton
act of the officer, it is but fair and just on
every legal principle that the Government
should pay for it,
Mr. ilOlti'ON. I desire to say that if the
report of this committee is substantially true,
this is certainly one of tho most aggravated
cases ever presented tu the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from Iowa why it would not be more
just to make the officer responsible for a
breach of duty, and for his dishonesty, if
there was any dishonesty about it, than to
make the Government of the United States
responsible? It seems to me that would be
the proper place to pursue a remedy of the
part of these parties. If we are to establish
this principle that the Government of the
United States is to beholden for all property
that may be stolen or wrongfully taken from
the possession of the Army or officers or sol-
diers, it is opening a pretty wide door here-
after, for I dare say there is more than one
case where property has been purloined.
Mr. WRIGHT. It seems to me it would
hardly be fair or just, nor would the Senator
from Vermont insist upon any such rule, that
if an officer who may be entirely worthless
and unable to respond in one dollar shall take
the property of an honest loyal citizen by his
order and have it destroyed, the honest loyal
citizen shall be turned over to his remedy
against the officer when it would amount to
nothing. I think he has a right to hold the
Government responsible.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If that prin-
ciple holds, why not apply it to every other
case in civil life as well as military, and make
the Government responsible where a party
steals from a man and the trespasser is too
poor to make reparation. Why not make the
Government pay the damages there ?
Mr. WRIGHT. Because he is not acting
for the Government.
Mr. PRAT T. I wish simply to add to what
has been said this statement in the report: it
appears that a part of this property was actu-
ally appropriated for the use of the Govern-
ment ; 1 read from page 3 :
" As to the lumber and iron, none appears to have
been taken to St. Louis. The lumber, which is
proved to have been worth $495, was mostly used at
the post ill building and repairing barrack*. The
oiiieers participated in theappropnation. As to the
iron, some of it was used at the post, a part was
stolen, and the rest caved with the bank into the
rivei. Both iron and lumber were wholly lost to tho
owners."
I have only to add to what has already been
said on the subject, that it was the representa-
tive of the Government at this post who took
