414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Refunding Tax on Cotton—Mr. Perce.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
excess of the Louisiana planter equal to the
amount of the tax imposed on the latter.
Surely this would be neither lawful nor just.
In the case of the United States vs. The
brig William the court says:
" In illustration of their argument gentlemen have
supposed a strong ease; a prohibition of the future
cultivation of c-^rn in the United States. It would
not be admitted, I presume, that an act so extrava-
gant would be constitutional, though not perpetual,
but confined to a single season, and why? Because
it would be most manifestly without the limits of the
Federal jurisdiction, and relative to an object or
concern not committed to its management."—2
Hall'* Law Journal, 255.
If Congress can tax cotton three cents a
pound, it can tax it ten, fifteen, or twenty
cents, the amount of all lawful taxes being
entirely in the discretion of the law-making
power. If they can tax cotton, they can also
tax corn. If they can tax either, they may
make it prohibitory, and so the case supposed
in the argument in the United States vs. The
brig William, if the cotton tax be constitu-
tional, is not so extravagant after all.
In the case of Steamship Company vs. Port-
Wardens, &c., (0 Wallace, 34,) the court says:
" The general prohibition upon the States ngainst
levying duties on imports or exports would have
been ineffectual if it had not boen extended to duties
on the ships which serve as vehicles ofconveyance"—
And holds the law of Louisiana which gave
the port-wardens of New Orleans a fee of five
dollars upon every vessel arriving in that port
in addition to other fees, unconstitutional and
void. Thus it is seen that you cannot tax
"articles exported" indirectly by way of
license on the exporter by tax on the evidence
of exportation, by tax on the ship or other
vehicle of transportation ; and this because
such taxation would l>e a duty upon exports;
and yet while the courts are treating this sub-
ject so tenderly, so delicately, Congress passes
a sledge-hammer law in the very face of the
constitutional prohibition to tax articles ex-
ported, taxing the article of export itself, and
it is claimed to be just, proper, and constitu-
tional. _ Really, this is attaining at a gnat and
swallowing a camel.
You cannot prohibit the culture of corn,
but you inay lay a prohibitory tax upon cot-
ton. A tax of ten cents a pound would have
been equally as constitutional as a tax of
three cents. When the measure was before
the House for consideration one of the mem-
bers seriously proposed to make the tax ten
cents instead of three, and yet in the latter
part of 1867 the larger portion of the cotton sold
in the city of Natchez, after payment of the
tax, brought in that market less than ten cents
a pound. It must be remembered that the
price of cotton in this country is entirely regu-
lated by the Liverpool market. The tax did not
affect the market value of cotton to the extent
of a mill ; it was paid by the producer and
not by the consumer, and so, while the tax
actually took but thirty three per cent, of the
product of the labor of the planter in Decem-
ber of 1807,_ had the^ policy of the gentle-
man advocating the higher tax been adopted
it might have consumed it all.
In the case of Marbury vs. Madison, (1
Cranch, 179,) the court says:
" In some cases, then, the Constitution must be
looked into by the judges. And if they can open it
ut all, what part of it are they forbidden to read or
to obey'!
" There are many other parts of the Constitution
which serve to illustrate tuis subject.
"it is declared that, 'no tax or duty shall be laid on
articles exported from any State.' Suppose a duty
on tho_export ot cotton, ot tobacco, or ot Hour, and
a suit instituted to recover it; ought judgment to be
rendered in such cases? Ought the judges to close
their eyeson the Constitution and only see the law? "
* * * "Why does a judge swear to do
his duties agreeably to the Constitution of tho United
States it that Constitution terms no rule for his gov-
ernment; it it is closed upon him, and cannot be
inspected by him? If such be the real state of
things, this is worse than solemn mockeiy."
With all due deference. I submit to the
House we, too, have taken this oath, that in
the consideration of this bill we are acting
under it, and if it is found that the law taxing
cotton is contrary to the Constitution, we are
bound by that Constitution and by our oaths
to support it, to make full and complete resti-
tution. la 1792 Mr. Madison said :
"But will any one say that by virtue of a mere
power to lay duties on imports Congress might go
directly to the produce or implements of agricul-
ture, or to the articles exported. _ It is true, duties
on exports aro expressly prohibited; but if there
were no article prohibiting them, a power directly
to tax exports could not be deduced from a power
to tax imports."
In the Federal Convention Mr. Wilson
said;
"It was refused yesterday to permit even the
Legislature of the United States to lay duties on
exports."
Mr. Rufus King said :
" In two great points the hands of the Legislature
were tied: the importation of slaves could not be
prohibited, exports could not be taxed."
It is true Congress did not call the tax on
cotton a tax or duty on articles exported, but
I submit the character and not the verbiage
or denomination of the law is the point upon
which all questions as to its constitutionality
are to be determined.
Congress recognized the fact that cotton was
an export in and by the act itself. Else why
the provision that no drawback should be
allowed upon cotton exported in its raw or
unmanufactured condition, or.why the other
provision in the sixth section, providing for
a drawback on articles manufactured from
cotton ?
Mr. MoTtRii.i,, in the discussion of the sixth
section, said it was offered to "obviate all ob-
jection on the ground of the tax being an ex-
port duty in disguise." (Congressional Globe,
volume fifty-eight, page 2478.) What incon-
sistency, what, injustice! The South export-
ing the great bulk of its staple, but unrepre-
sented in the Halls of Congress ; the cotton-
manufacturing States exporting but a tithe, but
fully represented in Congress, is painfully
shadowed forth by the mockery of this sixth
section. Where, in all the Constitution, do
gentlemen find authority to tax articles ex-
ported because they are in their raw or un-
manufactured state, and where is the limita-
tion confining the ninth section of article two
of that Constitution to manufactures? No
such provisions exist. If the sixth section
was necessary to prevent this tax being an ex-
port duty in disguise, it failed most signally in
its object. The disguise is too thin and too
small. The drawback on manufactured eotton
was so small that the great and flaring body
of the offense completely swallows up and
hides its puny constitutional protector. A tax
on cotton is a tax on an article exported', and
you cannot disguise it. Thaddeus Stevens
recognized that fact when he offered a resolu-
tion to amend the Constitution of the United
States, as follows:
"Congress shall have power to lay an export
duty or tax on cotton exported from the United
States."—Congressional Globe, volume 59, page 3240.
In conclusion upon this branch of the sub-
ject, although the authorities upon the tax-
ation of exports are limited, because, I pre-
sume, of the very few attempts by the States
to evade the Constitution and the entire singu-
larity of the eotton tax, the one instance in
the history of national legislation, it has not
been brought prominently before the courts.
Nevertheless I submit that all the authorities
we do find unerringly point to the conclusion
that a tax upon cotton is a " tax or duty upon
articles exported from the States producing
and exporting the same." If not, the para-
graph of the ninth section of article two of
the Constitution is useless verbiage, the merest
surplusage.
I proceed to examine the constitutionality
of the cotton tax upon the question of uni-
formity. The constitutional provisions on the
subject of taxation are as follows. Section
eight, article one provides:
"The Congress shall have power to lay and oollect
taxes, duties, imports, and excises," * # *  
" but all duties, imports and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States."
Section nine, article one:
" No eapitation or other direct tax shall bo laid
unless in proportion to the census or enumeration
hereinbefore directed to be taken." * * * *
"No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported
from any State."
These clauses, with the general restriction
contained in section two, article one, aud
the mixed authority under section ten of same
article, contain the entire grant of the taxing
power to our General Government and the
restrictions upon the same.
A direct tax is defined by writers upon the
subject of political economy to be a tax which
falls ultimately upon the tax-payer, or, as stated
by McColloch, when it is taken immediately
from property or labor. Indirect taxes are
those which ultimately fall upon the consumer,
or when the tax is taken from property or
labor, by making the owner pay for the priv-
ilege of using or disposing of the same, the the-
ory upon which the distinction is drawn being
that in the one case the amount of the tax is
paid out by the tax-payer without any oppor-
tunity of reimbursing himself, while in the case
of the indirect tax he may reimburse himself
by adding to the price of the commodity the
amount of the tax paid. (See McCulloch on
Taxation, pages 1, 125, 126, and 134; Say's
Political Economy, 75 ; and Smith's Wealth of
Nations, volume 3, page 331.)
In Levy on Taxation, page 42, that author
says:
"The present taxation of the United Kingdom is
raised in the following manner: of direct taxes we
have the income and property tax and the land and
assessed taxes; of indirect taxes we have the cus-
toms and excise, the stamps and the post office."
And gives the following table of the sources
of revenue in Great Britain:
Taxes.
Direct.
Per cent.
Indirect.
Per cent.
Miscella-
neous.
Per cent.
£24,000,000
18,000,000
8,000,000
37
27
12
"
"
£3,200.000
7,000,000
5
11
"
"
8,000.000
"
£2,500.000
*
The miscellaneous taxes in the above table,
being the. receipt from sale or dispositions of
Government property, can hardly be called a
tax. The assessed taxes are taxes on land, on
houses, on servants, carriages, horses, dogs,
armorial bearings, and the game duty.
The term "duties" is defined to be things
due and recoverable, and in its widest signifi-
cation is hardly less comprehensive than the
term "taxes." Impost is a duty on imported
goods and merchandise.
Excise is defined to be an inland imposition,
sometimes upon the consumption of the com-
modity, and sometimes upon the retail sale ;
sometimes upon the manufacturer, and some-
times upon the vendor. (Insurance Company
vs. Soule, 7 Wall, 445.)
An examination of the Madison Papers
