2258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
and appropriated this property, officers and
soldiers, and the Government ought to pay
for it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. As I under-
stand this case, it is a ease where this property
was robbed from this boat, taken from the
boat unlawfully. It was not appropriated by
the Government; and the United States is
certainly under no greater obligation to in-
demnify the parties injured for that robbery
than they are for any other robbery. If we
enter into that business you will have to go
along wherever the Army travels, because
there were unlawful things done. I move that
the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Cragin,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Freling-
huysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Morrill
of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Sumner, and Wil-
son—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn. Blair, Casserly, Clayton,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hill, Kelly, Lewis, Morton, Pool, Pratt, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Scott. Spencer, Sprasue, Stevenson, Stock-
ton. Tipton, Windom, and Wright—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell. Cameron,
Conklins, Ourbett, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds,
Fenton. Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Korwood, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Bice,
Robertson, Schurz, Sherman, Stewart, Thurman,
Trumbull, Viekers, and West—3i.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed
to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PHffiBE HEPBCRX.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 201.
The bill (S. No. 201) for the relief of Phcebe
Hepburn was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The preamble recites that it is
alleged that Phcebe Hepburn was the owner
by purchase and assignment of the following
bounty-land warrants, issued under the act of
March 3, 1855, to wit: Nos. 69896, 59419,
8615V, 88019, 91724, 81558, 67417, 59978,
87277, 91707, 17481, and 95320, for one hun-
dred and twenty acres each ; and Nos. G1881
and 57532, for one hundred and sixty acres
each; in all, fourteen warrants; that in the
year 1857 she placed these warrants in the
hands of Salmon Sharp, as her agent, to locate
or otherwise dispose of them for her ; that
this agent sold one of the one hundred and
sixty acre warrants, and three of the one hun-
dred and twenty acre warrants, and made a
memorandum of their respective numbers, and
to whom sold, and placed it among the ten
remaining unsold warrants; that by an acci-
dent the memorandum and the ten warrants
were dropped in a cattle-yard, and were eaten
up by the cattle, and, having no other memo-
randum, he is unable to state thenumbersof the
warrants that were sold, consequently cannot
arrive at the numbers of the ten warrants that
were not sold; and that it appears from the
records of the General Land Office that war-
rant No. 61881 for one hundred and sixty
acres, and Nos. 59419 and 17481 for one hun-
dred and twenty acres, being three of the
above-named warrants, have been returned to
the office located, leaving but one of the sold
warrants not accounted for. The bill there-
upon provides that upon satisfactory proof being
made to the Commissioner of Pensions that
Phcebe Hepburn was the buna fide owner, by
purchase and assignment to hei, of warrants
Nos. 69890. 86157, 88619, 91724, 31558, 67417,
59978, 87277, 91707, and 95320, for one hun-
dred and twenty acres each, and 57532 for one
hundred and sixty acres, all issued under act
of March 3, 1855, being eleven of the warrants
mentioned in the preamble, he may issue
duplicates of these warrants, and indorse on
the back of each his certificate stating that
this duplicate is issued in pursuance of this
act, and that Phcebe Hepburn is the bona
fide owner thereof; that she is authorized
to locate or sell and assign the same in the
same manner as though the duplicate warrant
was duly assigned to her by the warrautee.
Thereafter the Commissioner of Pensions is to
transmit these duplicate warrants to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, who is
authorized to deliver ten of the duplicate war-
rants to Phcebe Hepburn, or her legal repre-
sentatives, under such rules, regulations, and
requirements as to the Commissioner may seem
just and proper, in order to preserve as well
the rights of the parties interested as those of
the United States, and upon Phcebe Hepburn
giving such security as the Commissioner shall
require to indemnify the United States against
loss in the premises; and to this end he is to
retain the remaining duplicate warrant on the
files of his office, until the warrant said to
have been sold shall be returned to his office,
located or otherwise.
Upon the final adjustment of the matter,
and the number of the sold warrant not ac-
counted for shall be ascertained, then the cor-
responding duplicate warrant shall be, by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office,
returned to the Commissioner of Pensions for
the purpose of being canceled, thus leaving
but ten of the duplicate warrants to be satisfied
by the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GREEN AND TRAINOR.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bdl (S. No.
261) for the relief of Christopher Green and
Hugh C. Trainor.
The bill was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for the payment
to Christopher Green and Hugh C. Trainor of
$16,013 36.
Mr. HO WE. I see that this bill is reported
adversely. I move that it be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
DESTRUCTION 01? SALT-WORKS.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
161) for the relief of those suffering from the
destruction of the salt works near Manchester,
Kentucky, pursuant to the orders of Major
General Carlos Buell.
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The preamble recites that on the
16th day of February, 1863, the Adjutant Gen-
eral, by order ot' the Secretary of War, made
the following order:
"Ordered, That William P. Thomasson, esq., of
Louisville, Kentucky, be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to investigate and report to this Department
the value of the Goose creek salt mills, destroyed
by the order of Major General Buell, in Kentucky;
that he give notice to the proprietors or their agents
of the time and place at which he will receive testi-
mony ; and that he take such further testimony on
the part of the Government as may be necessary to
protect the rights and interests of the Government,
as well upon the point of value as of the loyalty of
the proprietors to the Government of the United
States.
That the commissioner on the 13th day of
May following, submitted his report to the Sec-
retary of War, in which he estimated the inju-
ries done to the several salt-wells, their pumps
and pipes, the deterioration to the furnaces and
fixtures,and the valueofthesaltand salt-barrels
destroyed, and in which, also, he estimated and
allowed such sums as would have been realized
from the production of salt, but for such destruc-
tion for the period of eight months succeeding
the date of destruction; that he classified in his
schedule his allowances, as follows: Case No.
1: The United States to T, T. Garrard, debt-
or, for injury to well, pump, pipe, &c., $500 ;
for one hundred and twenty-four salt-barrels,
at forty cents each, $49 60 ; for sixty-three
hundred bushels of salt destroyed, at fifty
cen's per bushel, $3,150; for deterioration
of furnace and fixtures by non usage, $500;
for ninety-two hundred bushels salt, the
anticipated yield for eight months, at fifty
cents, $9,600; making a total of $13,799 60.
Case No. 2: The United States-to James W.
Reid, debtor, for injury to well, pump, pipe,
&c., $500; lor five thousand bushels salt de-
stroyed, $2,500; for deterioration of furnaces
and fixtures, §500; for eleven thousand two
hundred bushels salt, the anticipated yield for
eight months, $5,600, making a total of $9,100.
Case No. 3: The United States to White,
Horton & Garrard, debtor, for injury to well,
pump, pipe, &c., $500; for two thousand
bushels ot salt destroyed, $1,000; for deterior-
ation of furnace and fixtures by non-usage
$550; for sixteen thousand bushels salt, the
anticipated yield for eight months, $8,000 ;
making a total of $10,050. Case No. 4: The
United States to Gilson & Chastam, debtor,
for injury to well, pump, pipe, &c., $500;
for eight thousand bushels salt destroyed,
§4,000; for deterioration by non-usage of
furnace and fixtures, $500; for ninety-six
hundred bushels salt, the anticipated yield
ior eight months, $4,800, making a total of
$9,800. Case No. 5: The United States to I.
& D. White, debtor, for injury to wells, pumps,
pipes, &e., $1,000; for injury to water-pipe,
funnies, &e., $1,000; for nine thousand bush-
els salt destroyed, at fifty cents per bushel,
$4,500 ; for deterioration by non-usage to fur-
nace and fixtures, $550: for twenty thousand
bushels salt, the anticipated yield for eight
months, $10,000, making a total of $17,050.
Case No. 6: The United States to I. & D.
White, survivors, for injury to well, pump, and
pipe, $500. That this report, under a call of
the House of Representatives at the first ses-
sion of the Tinny-Eighth Congress was fur-
nished by the Secretary of War and printed
as Executive Document No. 29; that the
report has never been acted upon, and the
parties, in favor of whom the allowances were
made, were in some cases proprietors and in
others lessees, and changes by death, assign-
ment, or otherwise may have occurred during
the time which has elapsed since the report
was made, and it is desirable that the parties
entitled to the sums hereinalter named on
account of these injuries and losses should be
paid.
The bill therefore proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the own-
ers of these salt-wells, their lessees, assigns,
or heirs, as the case may be, and accordingly
as they shall show to him title to receive the
same, the sums found due by the commis-
sioner in each case respectively, except the
item for the anticipated yield of salt; that is
to say, in case Mo. 1 he shall pay the sum of
$4,199 60; in case No. 2, the sum of $3,500;
in case No. 3, the sum of $2,050; in case No.
4. the sum of $5,000; in case No. 5, the sum
of $7,050; in case No 6, the sum of $500;
which several sums shall be, when paid to the
several parlies entitled to the same, in full
satisfaction for all injuries inflicted and dam-
ages done to the salt-works, their fixtures,
and appurtenanc-s, and for all losses sus-
tained by reason of the destination of the salt
accumulated, and for all consequential losses
ot every kind sustained by the proprietors,
their lessees, and those operating the woiks,
in consequence of the execution of the order
of General Buell.
Mr. FKELINGHUYSEN. I should like to
have some explanation that will be satisfactory
from whoever reports tins bill.
Mr. PUAi'T. There is a report which, if
it is desired by the Senator, can be read. It
sets out the fac*s very fully.
Mr. FUKLiNGHlJYSEN. I am perfectly
