3154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
The agents seizing the cotton took twenty five
per cent., and in many instances did not report
the half they did take.
Now, refer these cases to the Court of Claims
and what will be the result? If a man, or a
woman, or an orphan it may be, has a claim
for $500 worth of cotton, how will he be able
to obtain anything before the Court of Claims
with its slow processes? To send these cases
there would be to deny justice to every man
who had not a claim for ten or twenty thou-
sand dollars, because experience has shown
that lawyers here charge from twenty to twenty-
five per cent, before the Court of Claims 
Mr. PETERS. Fifty per cent.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Yes, fifty per
cent., and with the other expenses there would
be nothing left to the claimant, even if the
court should determine in his favor. Now, if
you want to do a magnanimous act for those
claimants, do it in fact and not in words.
The general sentiment of this House is that
the Government did not take this property,
but that it was taken by the agents against the
orders of the Government. The Government
agents were authorized to take confederate
cotton, not to take private cotton. They did
take private cotton, and reserved for their own
share twenty-five per cent, of all they took.
That was the animus that influenced them to
rob every man within their reach. That cot-
ton was taken to New York and sold, and the
small amount left was covered into the Treas
ury. And now the claimant is asked to divide
the small amount remaining with lawyers and.
witnesses, coming in some cases from the
Neuces or Rio Grande. I hope this House will
not sustain the views expressed by the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] and the honorable gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Blair,] but adopt the amend-
ment as reported from the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. FAKNSWORTH. Is it worse to go
to the Court of Claims than to the Secretary
of the Treasury ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. In regard to
that let me say that when a ease goes origin-
ally before any of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment, the Quartermaster General's or the
commissary department, or anv other Depart-
ment, the ease is adjudicated by the head of
the Department, and his integi ity and honesty
and accuracy are relied upon to protect the
Government,.
Mr- AMBLE It. Will the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Harris,] with whom 1 concur
in the main, indicate how the interests of the
Government are to be protected in case of
conflicting claimants to the same lot of cotton
belore the Secretary of the Treasury? Would
there not be need for an interpleader?
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. The interests
of the Government can he protected just the
same as before the Court of Claims. We want
no interpleaders. The parties could state their
case to the Secretary of the Treasury, or any
one appointed by him to adjudicate the case,
just as well as it could be stated to the court.
Think of the number of cases involved, and
then say in what time the Court of Claims
could act upon them all. You would keep
these parties out of their money for ten years
longer. It is proposed now to pay them with-
out interest. Why send them before the Court
of Claims when the Secretary of the Treasury
has the same means of ascertaining what is
due that the Court of Claims would have?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to state to the
House that the passage of this amendment
will be but a very partial reparation for the
wrong done in the name of the Government.
The larger part of the proceeds of this cotton
never reached the Treasury. In one case
twenty-five hundred bales of cotton were seized
at New Orleans. At the marketplace that cotton
was worth $500,000; yet the proceeds, so far as
traced to the Treasury thus far, as I have been
informed, have amounted to but little more
than sixteen thousand dollars. It seems to
me, after this delay of seven years, this money
ought to be at once returned to the owners.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Mr. Speaker, I am
opposed to the amendment which has been
ingrafted on this bill by the Senate ; but it
seems to me there is a great deal of reason in
the remarks of the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Blair] in reference to the amendment
proposed by the Committeeon Appropriations.
Referring this matter to the Secretary of the
Treasury simply means referring it to the
head of a bureau or some subordinate of the
Treasury Department. Everybody knows that
it is impossible for the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, m view of the various duties he is obliged
to perform, to give much personal attention to
this matter. He cannot sit down and patiently
examine all these claims with the conflicting
testimony that may be adduced, as a judge of
the Court of Claims will do. The Secretary
must refer these cases to some subordinate who
will act for him.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Illinois does not mean to say that this
amendment ousts the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims. The claims with reference to this
class of properly were never before the Court
of Claims, and they have no right to go there
unless we pass a specific act for that purpose.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. It seems to me it
would be better for the House to non-concur
in the Senate amendment, and if possible to
provide some other substitute for it, such an
amendment as will send these cases to the
Court, of Claims for adjudication. They should
be sent before a tribunal where the rights of
the Government are looked after by attorneys,
where depositions are taken under the rules of
law, where there is not the same opportunity
for ex parte affidavits, taken no one knows
where, such affidavits as may be brought before
the Treasury Department to be examined by
some clerk, who will found an award upon
them. If we ingraft upon the bill some prop-
osition which will send these claims to the
Court of Claims, or to some other tribunal
where they can be properly adjudicated, a com-
mittee of conference of the two Houses can
adjust the matter.
Suppose money should be awarded by the
Secretary of the Treasury to John Doe on a
claim for cotton, and it should afterward turn
out that Richard Roe is the owner of the cot-
ton ; what then? Richard Roe comes to Con-
gress and asks an appropriation to pay him.
These claims ought to be examined by some
tribunal that has time and opportunity for
patient investigation, and the testimony should
be taken under the rules of law, so that the
interests of the Government as well as of
piivate parties may be protected.
Mr. BUl'LEIi, of Massachusetts. I ask
consent, to offer the following amendment in
lieu ot that proposed by the committee:
That the Court of Claims be, anil is hereby, author-
ized und directed to hearand detcrminewho arc the
lawful owners, or their legal representatives, of all
cotton seized after the 30th day of June, 1865, by the
agents ot the Government, and adjudicate that the
not proceeds, without interest, of the sates of said
cotton actually paid into the Treasury of the United
States shall be paid such owners, provided that the
receipt thereof bhall betakeifand received m full
satisfaction of all claims against the United States
for or on account of theseizureof said cotton ; and
a sufficient sum for such payment is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
_ It will be seen, Mr. Speaker, that this pro-
vides for a hearing by the Court of Claims,
instead of the Secretary of the Treasury, with
full light of appeal to the Supreme Court. It
will cost the claimants no more to take testi-
mony before the Court of Claims than before
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is not my purpose to
say anything more in reply to .the remarks of
my friend from Maine [Mr. Peters] than
this: that the report he read from the Globe
is not the report of the bill. In addition to
that, my recollection is that the bill which re-
ceived my assent originally in that committee
was a piivate bill from the State of Georgia,
and how it comes to be in that general form
I do notknow. It may be that the committee
agreed upon some substitute. But that is a
matter of no consequence now. The bill was
not received by the House, andwhatever 1 had
to say about it I was not permitted to say be-
cause of the question of order that was raised.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. This is not the place to
report the action of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. PETERS. Let me ask the gentleman
from Ohio a question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to speak to this
amendment.
Mr. PETERS. What difference is there in
the paying of one person or in ihe paying of
more if the piinciple be the same ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The difference is this: in
the original case, as the gentleman is resolved
to bring me back to it, I was satisfied the peti-
tioner had not offended against the law and
was without remedy in the courts under the
statute of limitations. The gentleman is
answeted, and when he overhauls the com-
mittee's record the next time I trust he will
get the whole of it.
In regard to the point I made before, I ana
glad to see gentlemen on every side of rce
have taken notice of it and pressed it on the
House, and that is if these claims are to be
investigated at all they ought to be investi-
gated under the forms and sanctions of law in
the courts of law. This amendment or sub-
stitute for the section of the Senate my col-
league says does not interfere with or oust the
Court of Claims. But a great many of these
claims are already barred in the Court of
Claims by the statute of limitations, and all
claims, whether barred or not, whether held
by loyal or disloyal, whether held by citizens
or aliens, whether held by friends or enemies
of ihe Government, domestic or foreign, are
to be audited according to this substitute in
the Treasury Department, without regard to
any court.
This matter is pending before theCommittee
on the Judiciary now, and as my friend desires
to have attention called to it, I will say
that though the committee has not yet re-
ported it, I deemed it my duty to call upon the
Secretary of the Treasury for a statement.
He replied a few days ago, but I have not had
time to lay his letter before the committee.
The Secretary of the Treasury there concludes
it is not advisable to pass such a bill as that
proposed as a substitute for the section of.the
Senate amendment. To be sure the Secre-
tary of the Treasury does suggest, I might as
well say here, that under proper limitations
the Court of Claims might be invested very
properly with jurisdiction over certain loyal
claims, notwithstanding the statute of limita-
tions. The amendment of my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] mee.s one ob-
jection by vesting in the Court ot Claims.
power to hear and determine these claims
under the sanctions of law, taking testimony
as the couit is required to take it under the
limitations of law, and the witnesses them-
selves are held to answer for the truth of their
statements under the sanctions of law. So
far it is well, but my friend's amendment goes
further and lets in all claims.
My objection, whether it escaped me in the
Judiciary Committee or not, to the substitute
is that it admits the assignees of claims or
lawfulowners by assignmentofclaims, whether
of property hitherto held by the confederate
government or not, to be heard before the
Secretary of the Treasury and to have their
claims audited and paid. Your previous legis-
lation was a matter of favor, and the Govern-
