1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Refunding Tax on Cotton—Mr. Farce.
Ho. of Reps.
shows that the restrictions placed upon the
powers of taxation by the General Govern-
ment were strenuously insisted upon by mem-
bers of the Convention from the southern
States for the protection of their agricultural
products. Members from other sections were
equally tenacious upon some points, but the
representatives of the " staple States," as they
were frequently called in the Convention, were
particularly jealous of the taxing power. The
Constitution itself was a compromise upon the
common ground of perfect equality in jegard
to the burdens of Government as applied to
the Federal Union. Whatever violates this
perfect equality violates the spirit, and, thanks
to the wisdom of the founders of our Govern-
ment, and the earlier interpreters of the instru-
ment upon which it is based, the letter of the
Constitution itself. The products of the " sta-
ple States" at the time of the adoption of the
Constitution were tobacco, rice, and indigo.
These were the especial objects of protection.
Justice Story, in his commentaries on the
Constitution, volume two, page 428, section
954, says:
"The order of the subject would lead us naturally
to the inquiry" * * * * " why duties, im-
posts, and excises are required to be. uniform through-
out the United States? The answer may be given in
a tew words. It was to cut off all undue preferences
of one State over another in the regulation of sub-
jects affecting their common interosts. Unless
duties, imposts, and excises were uniform, the gross-
est and most oppressive inequalities, vitally affect-
ing the pursuits and employments of the people of
different States, might exist. The agriculture, com-
merce, or manufactures of one State might be built
upon the ruins of those of another; arid a combina-
tion of a few States in Congress might secure a mo-
nopoly of certain branches of trade and business to
themselves to the injury, if not to the destruction, of
their less favored neighbors." * * * *
"New York and Pennsylvnnia might, by an easy
combination with the southern Statcs.have destroyed
the whole navigation of New England. A combina-
tion of a different charaoter between the New Eng-
land and tho western States, might have borne down
the ngrioulturo of the South ; and a combination of
a yet different character might havo struck at the
vital interests of manufactures."
Mr. Williamson, who was an influential
memberof the Constitutional Convention, and
afterward a member of Congress, said, in 1792:
" It is also provided that all duties, excises, and
imposts shall be uniform throughout the United
States. And it is provided that no preference shall
be given by any regulation of commerce or revenue
to the ports of one State over those of another. _ The
clear and obvious intention of the articles mentioned
was that Congress might not have the power of im-
posing unequal burdens; that it might not be in
their power to gratify one part of the Union by
oppressing another. It appeared possible, and not
very improbablo, that tho time mighteome when, by
greater cohesion, by more unanimity, by more ad-
dress, the Representatives of one part of tho Union
might attempt to impose unequal taxes or to relieve
their constituents at the expense of the people. To
prevent the possibility of such a combination the
articles I have mentioned were inserted in the Con-
stitution. I do not hazard much in saying that the
present Constitution had never been adopted without
those preliminary guards on the Constitution."—4
Elliott, 427.
As I have before stated, the products of the
southern States at the time of the adoption
of the Constitution were rice, tobacco, and
indigo, and but for their protection by con-
stitutional guards the " Constitution had never
been adopted." Cotton was not then a pro-
duct of the South, save to a very limited ex-
tent. Whitney had not then utilized tho capa-
city of the southern soil. Cotton lint was
severed from the seed by hand, or by the
whip, and the amount raised was so small that
we do not find it named among the staple pro-
ducts. Since Whitney's invention of the cot-
ton-gin it has become the chief product of the
- South, and is to-day, as it has been for years,
the foundation for the foreign commercial ex-
change of the entire country. This change in
the character of the produce of the southern
States cannot alter the principles of the Con-
stitution. The provisions for the protection
of tobacco, rice, and indigo would have been
claimed for cotton then if it had been an arti-
cle of produce in the staple States. If this be
true, and who can doubt it, the principle sur-
rounding and protecting the old produce must
surround and protect the new produce, or the
principles of the Constitution are as variable
as the produce itself.
Equality among the various States in regard
to taxation was the fundamental principle then,
and it is so now. Cotton can only be produced
in eleven of the States of the Union. In the
other States it cannot be raised at all. A law
higher than the Constitution has established
this fact, and the Constitution recognizes these
laws of climate and production fully. It is an
instrument of checks and restraints as well as
of grants and powers. Wherever a power
could be conferred and exercised equally to
the beuefit of all the States, it was given to
the General Government; wherever the exer-
cise of a power might injure the States or any
of them, it was reserved. Its very foundation
was a jealous reservation rather than a gen-
erous confidence, and above and beyond all
things the principle of equality permeates and
controls it in all ways.
Jf you can tax cotton three cents a pound
you can t>jc it ten, fifteen, or twenty. Now,
is it to be supposed for an instant that the
members from the southern States contem-
plated a tax of a similar character on the then
staple products? Did they believe they were
inaugurating a form of government where the
northern States might compel ihem to pay
the expenses of the Government, while the
people of the North should enjoy its benefits
without assuming any of its burdens? Such
an idea is absurd. It is said by Story that—-
"A combination between the Now England and
the western States might have borne down the
agriculture of the South."
What is to prevent such a combination to
make the South pay all the expenses of the
Government? Absolutely nothing but the
restrictive clauses of the Constitution distrib-
uting taxation equally throughout the country,
and parliculary the clause making all duties,
imposts, and excises uniform. Could there be
presented a case falling under the supposition
of Justice Story more completely than that
made by the cotton tax ?
"A combination between the New England and the
western States might have borne down the agricul-
ture of tho South."
In July, 1866, not one of the cotton-grow-
ing States, save perhaps Tennessee, was repre-
sented in Congress, and to all intents and pur-
poses the Congress was a combination between
the New England and western States, and
most assuredly the agriculture of the South
was most grievously borne down.
Understand me. I do not assert that the
southern States ought to have been then rep-
resented. On the contrary, I assert, and will
maintain at all times and in all places, that
their exclusion was just and righteous, and
absolutely necessary to the life of the nation.
That the cotton tax alone, of all the laws then
passed, is the only sectional law placed upon
the statute-books, is matter of wonderment as
well as of congratulation, but its singularity
cannot affect the constitutional question, or
make the law itself other than partial, unequal,
and unjust. The most cursory reading of the
debates in the constitutional Convention dis-
closes the fact that the gravest apprehension
felt and expressed by members of that body
was that the power of taxation by the General
Government might be vised by one part of the
country tor the oppression of another part. It
was a geographical discrimination which was
feared. The productions of soil and climate
were the subjects of constant care and soli-
citude, and this care and solicitude forced ujjon
the Convention the adoption of restricting
clauses, all of which are intended to prevent a
partial and improper pressure upon the indus-
tries of the different sections.
If the cotton tax be constitutional, the care
and solicitude of the southern members were
entirely thrown away and valueless. The
phraseology of a law wipes out the geograph-
ical distinction. The product of any particu-
lar soil and climate or section is made gen-
eral, and the cotton belt, in the eye of the law,
is lengthened and stretched until it reaches
from ocean to ocean and from Minnesota to
the Gulf. An improper and partial pressure
is impossible, and the industries of the differ-
ent sections are identical.
Before proceeding further in tbe discussion
of the general question under the restriction
placed upon "duties, imposts, and excises," it
may be well to inquire whether there are any
indirect taxes known to the Constitution other
than duties, imposts, and excises, and if so,
upon and under what rule of procedure would
such taxes be laid. After a very careful
examination of the subject I find no decision
directly upon this subject. Mr. Justice Story,
referring to the rules of uniformity and appor-
tionment, (following the dictum in Hyltontw.
The United States, J 8 Dallas's Reports, 171,
says:
" If there are any other kind of taxes not embraced
in one or the other of these clauses (and it is cer-
tainly difficult to give full effect to tho words of tho
Constitution without supposing them to exist) it
would scorn that Congress is left at full liberty to
levy the same by either rule, or by a mixture of
both rules, or perhaps by any other rule not incon-
sistent with the general purposes of the Constitu-
tion."—iSto/'u on the Constitution, seotion 948.
If we compare the decision in the case of
the Pacific Insurance Company vs. Soule, (7
Wallace, 433,) with the principles laid down
by the writers upon political economy, we still
fail to find a tax not embraced within either
clause of the Constitution. The essayists, in
following out the distinction between direct
and indirect taxes, find that a tax upon in-
comes falls directly and ultimately upon the
tax-payer; that it is paid by the citizens
without any opportunity to reimburse himself.
Tbey therefore pronounce it a direct tax, and
it is so laid down in all the books.
The Supreme Court in the case referred to,
again following the decision in Hylton vs.
The United States, pronounced it not a direct
tax. To repeat, a tax held by all the writers
before and after the adoption of the Constitu-
tion to be direct, and distinguished as entirely
dissimilar from duties, imposts, and excises,
as defined by the same writers, filling every
definition of a direct tax is held to be not a
direct tax under the Constitution of the
United States. Here we might suppose was
the tax so carefully plaoed in the subjunctive
by Mr. Justice Story, but unfortunately for
our supposition the court in this case, while
deciding that the income tax is not a direct
tax, also declares it to be "a duty or ex-
cise." Our income tax fairly leaps across the
chasm between the two constitutional clauses,
and we are 3till left in doubt as to the suppositi-
tious "other kinds of taxes."
In short, the whole drift of opinion upon
these questions tends toward placing all taxes
for revenue in one or the other of the two
classes; in other words, a tax for purposes of
revenue is either a direct tax, or it is a duty,
impost, or excise. We have, however, a spe-
cies of tax known as postage. This cannot
be called a direct tax, and it is questionable
whether it comes within the definition of
the terms, or, I submit, the intention of the
authors of the constitutional clause making
duties, imposts, and excises uniform through-
out the united States. If this be so.held, it
is the only known tax not a duty, impost, or
excise, and not a direct tax. But, as before
intimated, it is questionable whether our
courts, in carrying out the evident train of
