B156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment
Mr. BECK. I understand that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations recommend non-con-
currence in this amendment of the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. They do.
Mr. BECK. Then I want to call attention
to a few facts. On the 3d of March, 1871,
the Committee on Appropriations reported and
Congress passed a bill of which this is part:
"Provided, That, hereafter no payments shall be
made by any officer of the United States to con-
tractors for goods or supplies of any sort furnished
to the Indians, or for the transportation thereon, or
for any buildings or machinery erected or placed on
their reservations, under or by virtue of any con-
tract entered into with the Interior Department, or
any branch thereof, on the receipts or certificates of
the Indian agents or superintendents for such sup-
plies, goods, transportation, buildings, or machinery,
beyond fifty per cent, of the amount due until the
aceoifcits and vouchers shall have been submitted to
the executive committee of the board of commis-
sioners appointed by the President of the United
States, and organized under the provisions of the
fourth section of the act of April 10, 18(59, and the
third section of the act approved April [July] 15,
1870, for examination, revisal, and approval; and it
shall betheduty of the said board of commissioners
without unnecessary delay to forward said accounts
and vouchors so submitted to them to tho Secretary
of tbe Interior, with the reasons for their approval
or disapproval of the same, in whole or in part, at-
tached thereto; and said Secretary shall have power
to sustain, set aside, or modify the action of said
board, and cause payment to be made or withheld,
as he may determine."
Now, the committee propose, in little more
than a year, to repeal that law and substitute
for it this provision :
For this amount, or so much thereof a8 may be
necessary, to pay the expenses of the commission
of citizens serving without pay, appointed by tho
President under the provisions of the fourth section
of the act of April 10, 1869, the sum of $15,000; and
said commission is hereby continued, with the
powers and duties heretofore provided by law:
Provided, That any member of the board of Indian
commissioners is hereby empowered to investigate
all contracts, expenditures, and accounts in connec-
tion with tho Indian service, and shall have access
to all books and papers relating thereto in any Gov-
ernment office; but the examination of vouchers
and accounts by tho exocutive committee of said
board shall not bo a prerequisite of payment.
That is equivalent to repealing it altogether.
It seems to me to be simply ridiculous to
allow them to examine all the books, &c.,
just as ridiculous as it was for gentlemen
in the House to tell me that I could go and
examine the books in the Navy and War
Departments. If you want to return to the
old system do it at once by a repeal of the law,
and not by conferring an impossible right on
the commissioners—one they cannot and will
not exercise. It is simply a return of the old
stealing system.
Mr. SARGENT. I concur with the gentle-
man from Kentucky in the necessity of an
examination, and in the committee I con-
curred with him very heartily in the passage
of the law a year ago. I am not particular in
reference to this provision as it comes to us
from tbe Senate. Some of the members of
the board of Indian commissioners, and espe-
cially the Secretary, came to me and asked
that this should be adopted. They said that
a great many payments due from the Gov-
ernment to the Indians are delayed in their
payment indefinitely they think, to those who
have acted faithfully, honestly, and correctly
for the Government. Upon this advice the
committee acted in recommending a concur-
rence in the amendment'of the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SARGENT. The closing amendments
to the bill all relate to one subject. We ask
that the House non-concur in them, and I
trust that the reading will not be required.
By unanimous consent the closing amend-
ments were non-concurred in.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
votes by which the amendments were sever-
ally concurred in, non-concurred in, and con-
curred in with amendments ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask of
the House a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments
of the Senate to the deficiency bill.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
Mr. BECK. I have been trying to be
heard, and I wish to offer an amendment to
repeal that portion of the act of 1869 which
appoints a board of Indian commissioners.
The SPEAKER. That is not germane to
the last amendment to the bill, and the Chair
cannot entertain it. If the amendment were
germane the Chair would entertain it of
course, but at present nothing is in order but
an amendment to the Senate amendment.
Mr. BECK. I am not prepared upon a
cursory examination myself to state whether
the amendment is germane or not, but I have
been trying to make myself heard as far as I
could for some time without succeeding. I
understand they have come to the Committee
on Appropriations and said they did not desire
to investigate any further.
Mr. SARGENT. Did the gentleman under-
stand that from me?
Mr. BECK. I think so.
Mr. SARGENT. Then the gentleman mis-
understood me. I will state that I understood
this amendment was the suggestion of the
board of Indian commissioners, on account of
the great delays in examining the accounts.
They were willing to undeitake the labor of
examination and to ferret out every case of
fraud. My friend is mistaken in stating that
the object of creating this commission was the
examination of these accounts. We put that
additional duty upon them some year or two
after the commission was created.
These Indian commissioners go personally
all through the Indian country; they attend
at the purchases of goods; they see that proper
advertisements are made ; they select thegoods
according to the samples furnished ; they in-
spect the goods as they are delivered to the
Indians. They attend not only at the places
where the goods are bought, but at the places
where they are delivered. Their reports are
valuable, as giving the Government inform-
ation of any wrongs committed upon the In-
dians, or frauds perpetrated upon the Govern-
ment. I must say that it is my firm convic-
tion, after several years' attention to this mat-
ter, that the Indian commission, under the pres-
ent Commissioner of Indian Afl'airs, General
Walker, have succeeded in bringing the Indian
service down to an honest and economical
basis ; and I should certainly regret to see the
board of Indian commissioners abolished.
Mr. BECK. I do not see that I can attach
my amendment anywhere so that it would be
germane. But I desire to say that I was advised
by the commissioners that the valuable service
which they rendered was in supervising these
accounts. I know of nothing else that is as
valuable which they can perform, and if they
desire to withdraw from that and open the
floodgates of fraud that have gone on for
thirty years, then I think the commission
should be disbanded.
The SPEAKER. There is no amendment
pending
Mr. SARGENT. I move to reconsider the
various votes upon these Senate amendments ;
and I also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the House
ask a committee of conference upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
order op business.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House now resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order.
Mr. COBURN. Is morning hour business
now in order ?
The SPEAKER. It will be, unless the
H'ouse agree to to the motion to suspeud the
rules and go into Committee of the Whole on
the tariff bill.
Pending the motion to suspend the rules,
EXTRADITION TREATY WITH BELGIUM. ■
Mr. COX submittted the following resolu-
tion, which was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved. That the President of the United States
be requested, if not incompatible with the public
interest, to communicate to this House any eorre-
spondenca during the last and present Administra-
tions having reference to an extradition treaty with
Belgium.
william nixon.
The SPEAKER. This morning the House
referred to the Committee of Claims several
bills on the Speaker's table pertaining to that
committee. One bill was overlooked. The
Chair supposes there will be no objection to
its reference also.
No objection was made; and accordingly
Senate bill No. 518, for the relief of William
Nixon, of West Virginia, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
THOMAS HUGHES.
Mr. WALDEN. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
Senate bill No. 548, for the relief of Thomas
Hughes.
No objection was made; and the bill was
accordingly taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
election contest m:krssick vs. wallace.
Mr. HAZBLTON, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee of Elections, presented a report
in the contested-election co.se of McKissiek
Wallace, from the fourth congressional district
of the State of South Carolina, together with the
following resolution:
Kesolved, That Alexander S. Wallace is entitled
to retain the seat he now occupies as Representative
from the fourth district of South Carolina ia the
Forty-Second Congress.
The report and resolution were laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I desire
to give notice that I desire to call up this case
for consideration on Thursday next.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same :
An act (S. No. 973) to fund certain liabili:
ties of the city of Washington, existing June -J
1, 1871, and to limit the debt of and taxation
in the District of Columbia; _ Jl
_ An act (H. R. No. 1060) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi- • ,{
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes; J
An act (H. R. No. 1194) directing the proper ^
officers in the Treasury Department to credit ■ r;
John Seys, of Ohio, the sum therein men- \
tioned; and J4
An act (H. R. No. 2624) to provide for the |
removal of the Kansas tribe of Indians to the
Indian territory, and to dispose of their lands j
in Kansas to actual settlers. "■
leave of absence. . j
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Hambleton for to-morrow; to t
Mr. Barry and Mr. Forker for one week; to ;
Mr. McKee for six days; to Mr. WHiTELEYfor )
the remainder of thisweek; to Mr. van trump
for ten days; and to Mr. Hazelton of Ne_w -■]
Jersey indefinitely on account of a death in - ■;>
his family. J*
withdrawal op papers.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, by unanimous "■&
consent, obtained leave to withdraw fromtas jbf
'4
