1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2>
eye and the mind, daily and nightly, in the
Federal capital and everywhere, in the States
afld Territories, wherever force can be ex-
panded, and rapacity and espionage fight or
feel their blighting way. But the sorcery of
suecessfol faction in the violated name of more
perfect union, which it prevents^ of justice,
which it denies, of domestic tranquillity, which
it subverts, of the common defense, which it
refuses, £ind df the general welfare, which it
poiSons, unrelentingly pursues the centraliza-
tion of all power in the Federal head, which
head it is.
"It profits me but little, after all, that a vigilant
authorityshould protect the tranquillity of my pleas-
ures, and constantly avert all dangers from my path,
without my care or my concern, if the same author-
ity is the absolute mistress of my liberty and of my
life, and if it so monopolizes a.ll the energy of exist-
ence, that when it languishes everything languishes
around it, thatwhenit sleeps, everything must sleep,
that when it dies, the State itself must perish."—De
Tocquev Ulc.
Pending the debate on the act entitled "An
act to enforce the fourteenth amendment," ap-
proved April 20,1871, nothing was more com-
mon than to hear from the lips of some of the
ablest and most admired of the Radical poli-
ticians on this floor beguiling admissions and
asseverations that that measure went to the
verge of the Constitution, that it was pushed to
the remotest limits of constitutional power, but
yet, still, within its sacred confines, and imper-
atively demanded by the perils of the hour—
an act, more than any other 1 hat ever dese-
crated the name or function of legislation, pre-
eminent for its palpable abolition of all limits,
its palpable annihilation of all boundaries, its
palpable centralization of all power.
It is in view of such mischievous senti-
ments and of the pending perilous struggle with
the myrmidons of centralization that this
House and the country are called on by every
consideration of safety and of duty to spurn
the siren of hypocrisy, and to cleave to the
fundamental principles of Ihe founders of
our institutions, and resolutely restore them
to their paramount place iti the administration
of Federal affairs.
OBJECT or POLITICAI. INSTITUTIONS.
All legitimate government rests upon the
great principle of self-preservation. Political
institutions should be maintained only to secure
the safety and happiness of society. These
"ever have been and ever will be pursued
until obtained, or until liberty be lost in the
pursuit." If any form of government proves
adverse to those transcendent objects, it should
be sacrificed and a new government instituted
deriving its just powers from the consent of
the governed. The happiness of society is the
end, the government the means. Splendor,
and pomp, and power are not of the happi-
ness of society. They are of the vanity, the
vain-glory, and the rapacity of the ruler. They
are incompatible with the happiness of society
as founded in the capacity of man for self-
goverument, and destructive of the ends for
which just government is instituted. They
eat out the substance of the people, rob them
of their power, and degrade them into the
pitiless victims of corruption and tyranny.
How familiar were the lessons of living and
of dead States to the builders of our system.
Two great models of antiquity, and many
more of minor note, had their birth in the
power of the people and their death in the
power of the ruler. The moral is plain. Local
power is life ; centralized power is death ; and
all intermediate forms are but graduated evils.
Hence the noble sentiment of Mr. Madison:
" Were the plan of the Convention adverse to the
public happiness, my voice would he, reject thb plan.
Were the Cn.on itself inconsistent With the public
happiness, it would be, abolish the Union. In like
manner, as far as the sovereignty of the States can-
not be reconciled to the happiness of the people,
the voice of every good citizen must be, let the for-
mer be sacrificed to the latter/'
The purity of his political philosophy was
not sunken in a pernicious idolatry for the in-
strument. His native Virginia had declared
that that " form of government is best which is
capable of producing the greatest degree of
happiness and safety." His political vestals
were those twin sisters of serene glory. Hence,
he valued those instruments only as they se-
cured or contributed to secure the end. And
the unerring memory of States, living and dead,
forbade him to doubt that local power was the
only feasible restraint upon central govern-
ment, " so that the private interests of every
individual may be a sentinel over the public
rights."
Man is natural, Government conventional.
Man in his natural state is his own ruler. His
natural rights are equal to those of his fellow-
men. He is his own peer. Every other cre-
ated being is below him. He has 110 superiors.
Neither majorities nor minorities rank or dom-
inate him. He is his sole master. I11 his polit-
ical state he chooses to modify his natural state,
lie exchanges a part of his natural liberty for
his conventional security. He forms a compact
with other men and enters into a combination
and organizes society. His rights are then
called political rights, and by the terms of the
compact he is bound.
" All political rights are derived from assent and
compact, express or implied, and are conventional—
that Government, be its form what it may, can be
subject to constitutional restraints; and it is, ac-
cordingly, to this sourco that Locke, Sidney, and
other writers on the side of liberty tracod them.
Fortunately for us, their doctrines became the creed
of our ancestors and the foundation of our froe,
popular, and glorious system Qf governments, in
which laws derive their authority from constitu-
tions, and these from tho froe and united assent of
the whole community."—Calhoun.
If by the terms of the compact the will of
the majority is to rule him in all cases what-
soever, then that will is the paramount law.
But if, on the other hand, the terms of the com-
pact sacredly reserve and guard the political
rights of individuals and minorities, no com-
bination or majority, however great and im-
posing, can rightfully deny or abridge them.
Any such denial or abridgment is a fraud and
a tyranny and a dissolution of the political
bond. Subject to insurmountable restrictions
set down in the fundamental law, the will of
the majority, lawfully exercised, rightfully pre-
vails in reference to objects equal and common
alike to all the communities in their aggregate
mass. But the axiom arises out of limited, con-
ventional right, and in 110 sense out of natural or
absolute right. In the natural order of men
there is no paramount right to rule in one, the
many, or the few. He alone is sovereign.
And the
" government of the uncontrolled numerical ma-
jority is but the absolute and despotic form of popu-
lar government, just as that of the uncontrolled will
of one man, or a few, is of monarchy or aristocracy.
And it has, to say the least, as strong a tendency to
oppression and the abuse of its powers as either of
the others."—Calhoun.
To maintain the opposite theory would be
to reassert the law of despotism ; to quit
American to stand on foreign ground; to sur-
render the liberty of the man to the bondage
of the law ; to be for the strong to enslave the
weak ; to be for the sacrifice of the few to the
many, and to establish that despotism, the
most hateful of all in the eyes of the Cramers
of our Constitution, the despotism of the ma-
jority; and, natural liberty lost, and political
liberty destroyed, both liberty and safety, the
creators, annihilated by society, the creature.
This would be a most pernicious reversal of
the order of nature and philosophy, and fatally
demonstrate the social to be the extinction,
not the equivalent, of the natural state of
man. Hence it is, as Mr. Calhoun observes:
" Constitutions stand to governments as laws do
to individuals. As the object of law is to regulate
and restrain the actions of individuals, so as to pre-
vent one from oppressing or doing violence to an-
other, so, in like manner, that of constitutions is to
regulate and restrain the actions of governments, so
that those who exercise their powers shall not oppress
or do violence to the rest of tho community."
And hence it is that, in the American sense,
in the science of American polity, the perfect
and inviolable security of the rights of minor-
ities is the one, preeminent, unerring, uni-
versal test of fidelity to our political institu-
tions. No man is a friend to our systems, local
or Federal, who impinges on these. _ Call him-
self what he may—Judas called himself the
friendof Jesus: be his pretext what it may—the
French Jacobin cried "liberty and equality"
and exalted a harlot—that man is the enemy
of our system. Behind a smiling face he hides
a frowning purpose. He will, if he can, first
crush the minority; second, seduce the major-
ity) and, finally, corrupt and enslave both.
" To avoid, therefore, the evils of inconstancy and
versatility, ten thousand times worse than those of
obstinacy and the blindest prejudice, we have con-
secrated the State, that no man should approach to
look into its defects or corruptions but with due
caution: that he should never dream of beginning
its reformation by its subversion; that he should
approach to the faults of the State as to the wounds
of a father, with pious awe and trembling solicitude.
By this wise prejudice we are taught to look with
horror on those children of their countrywhq are
prompt rashly to hack that aged parent in pieces
and put him into the kettle of magicians, in hopes
that by their poisonous weeds and wild incantations
they may regenerate the paternal constitution and
renovate their father's life."—Bar lee.
NATURE OF THE FEDERAL CONSTITUTION.
Old and hackneyed as a maxim, it is never-
theless an instructive truth, that the tendency
of power is steadily from the many to the few.
This is indicated by countless phenomena in
political progress, from good to bad. And all
such tendencies are vices. No matter what
form or semblance they appear in, they are
always to be resisted or always fatal. It has
become odious to the fashionable political char-
latan, and alarmiug to communities deluded,
to discuss the origin and theory, as such, of our
institutions. And these emotions are carefully
engendered and nourished in the interest of
successful faction. This is part and parcel of
t he evil tendency incident to th^ degeneracy of
our time. The plan is in the gale of material
development and progress to have the principles
of the govern ment practically forgotten and per-
nicious novelties foisted in theirpiace, the sages
and axioms of 1776 and 1780 overlooked, as
senile and musty, and posterity weaned and
estranged from its political inheritance. The
backs of the people thus turned on the past,
they are led away into the trackless sea
of usurpation and experiment by self-styled
patriots, who in their capacity for good are
barely fit to follow, and who in their capa-
city for spoil are the chief apostles of corrup-
tion.
Or.ly a leader in faction or a sharer in pub-
lic plunder will pretend that the principles
and limitations of delegated Federal power are
now held in proper respect. If any man will
trouble his faculties to think, he must straight-
way see and know that the government is
adrift from its constitutional moorings. The
magnet of 1789 no longer directs its course ;
it is impelled bj the vulture of exaction, and
its way is kept clear by the bayonet's gleam.
The medicine of the time is the sober sec-
ond thought of the people, of the toiling mil-
lions. Political abuses will dry up under the
blaze of popular scrutiny. Scrutiny is thought;
and thought is the invocation of the princi-
ples of 1776 and 1789. It is in these principles
that our political systems had their orgin ; and
it was by the practice of them that the States,
the Union, and the people grew to be great
and happy. Interruptions, past and present,
have cast over all a sepulchral gloom. A stern
and undeviating return is the only way again
to be great and happy.
It was once observed by Mr. Madison that
government itself is one of the "greatest of
all reflections on human nature. If men were
angels, no government would be necessary.
If angels were to govern men, neither external
nor internal controls on government would be
necessary. In framing a government which is
to be administered by men over men, the great
difficulty lies in this: ycu must first enable the
government to control the governed, and, in
the next place) oblige it to control itself. A
