4052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. No; to inter-
nal revenue alone.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 30 ; a3 follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Fenton, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Johnston, Kelly, Korwood, Ransom,
Robertson, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and Win-
do m—32.
NAY S—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gil-
bert Hill, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of \ ermont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pratt, Scott,
Sherman, Wilson, and Wright—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Carpenter,!
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Logan,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, and West—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now appeal to the
Senate to allow the bill to be reported to the
Senate, so that we may have a vote on some
important amendments before we take a
recess.
Mr. NYE. I want to add one word.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can move
it after we dispose of the important provisions
of this bill.
Mr. NYE. Will it not be too late then?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. NYE. Then remember you do not
object.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think we ought
to crowd these important subjects to the last.
I hope, therefore, the bill will be reported to
the Senate, and I assure the Senator from
Connecticut he will have a chance to offer his
amendment in the Senate.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will yield to the
wishes of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to know what
right Senators will have after the bill is reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same as now.
Mr. CASSERLY. I favor its being re-
ported.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same as now ; the
bill will be open to amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.  
Mr. MORTON. I may not be able to stay
here until the bill is finally disposed of, and I
desire to offer an amendment.
Mr. BOREMAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment before the bill is reported. I want to
move to amend the paragraph on the first page
of this bill from lines nine to eleven, inserted
by the committee, if I can do that after it
comes into the Senate, I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When the
question of concurrence by the Senate in the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole comes up, the Senator can move to
concur with an amendment, or the Senate can
non-concur. Amendments can be made in
any form.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I call for the read-
ing of the lirst amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish simply not to offer
an amendment, but to say that I desire to have
the question upon the duties on saltpeter re-
served from any general vote of concurrence.
Mr. CONKLING. We are not going to
have a general concurrence.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion ia on concurring in the Senate with the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Mr. Pres-
ident——
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the amend-
ments of the committee be taken up in their
order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I do not want
to be late. I jvant to reserve the proviso to
section sixteen as it was in the House bill,
section seventeen as it stands in our bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) No action has yet been
had upon the amendments made in Commit-
tee of the Whole. The Senator from Texas
desires to have the amendment to which he has
called attention reserved. Will the Senator
from Texas designate the particular amend-
ment he desires to have reserved, so that the
Secretary may note it?
Mr. HAMILTON of Texas. The proviso to
section sixteen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be reserved.
Mr. CONKLING. It has not been asked
that all the amendments shall be passed upon
together. They are all reserved.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let us pass upon those
to which there is no objection by one vote.
Mr. CONKLING. Who can pick them out?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have four or five on
which I wish a separate vote, and other Sen-
ators who desire it can state those which they
wish separate votes upon.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I want to propose
an amendment when the bill comes into the
Senate which was rejected in Committee of
the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be in order after the amendments agreed
to as in Committee of the Whole have been
acted on.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I also want to pro-
pose several amendments which have not been
considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be in order after the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole shall have been dis-
posed of.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to reserve sec-
tion ten.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from New York has
reserved all the amendments.
Mr. CONKLING. I only meant to make
this suggestion, which I understood was accept-
able to the Senator from Ohio. After looking
a few minutes we shall be prepared no doubt
to specify the amendments on which we want
separate votes. I am not prepared to do it at
this moment. I suggest, therefore, that the
Secretary read the amendments m order, and
after a few minutes every Senator will be able
to designate what he wants a separate vote
upon ; he cannot, do it upon the instant.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am ready to designate
four or five upon which I desire separate
votes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole will be reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can we not have an
agreement to take the vote without debate?
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment is
in the third and fourth lines of the first sec-
tion, to strikeout "January, 1873," and insert
"July, 1872."
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for a separate vote,
in most, eases merely to modify the language,
on the following amendments : the amend-
ment as to paper on pages 6 and 8; the amend-
ment as to tin plates, on page 12, as to which
there is an error of phraseology to be cor-
rected ; the amendment as to white lead, moved
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Logax,] on
page 4 ; the amendment as to cotton-bagging,
and the amendment as to fine flax, on page 9,
line thirty-two. I also wish to reserve the
modification of the section as to shipments by
the way of the Cape of Good Hope, and the
section as to stamps; and at the request of
the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sprague,]
who was called out, I want to reserve the vote
on quinine. Most of these amendments I
reserve merely for formal amendments.
Mr. LOGAN. On page 551 should like to
have reserved the section in reference to
tobacco.
Mr. SCOTT. I gave notice in committee
that I wished to have reserved the amendment
as to glass and glassware on page 7, lines
sixty-two, sixty-three, and sixty-four. I had
also intended to reserve the amendment which
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan] moved
and which was adopted ; my impression was
that it embraced red and white lead. The
Senator from Ohio spoke of it as white lead.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the same.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish also to reserve the
tenth section.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the provision I
asked to have reserved.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well. I join the Sen-
ator from Michigan in asking that that be
reserved.
Mr. CHANDLER. The old section nine,
now section ten.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask to have reserved
the section that embraces wool on page 5. I
wish to amend the provision there before it is
stricken out.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that the amend-
ment abolishing moieties he reserved.
Mr. POMEROY. Now, I move that we
concur in the amendments not excepted.
Mr. BOREMAN. I wish to reserve the
first material amendment in the bill from line
nine to eleven in the first section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to Senators
that all the original text of the bill is open to
amendment in unlimited degree. These are
only the amendments made in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. CONKLING. What was done in
Committee of the Whole on the provision to
make customs duties payable one third in
greenbacks? The Committee on Finance
recommended to strike it out. Was that
recommendation concurred in?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was agreed
to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like a separate
vote on that in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to reserve several
amendments. The first is the amendment as
to wool; the second is as to cotton bagging ; the
third is as to jute; the fourth is as to tobacco;
the fifth is as to books; the sixth is as to the
payment of a portion of the duties in currency
and gold notes.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. From an ob-
servation of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, I am led to ask whether we can
add to the free list in the Senate ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I supposed I
had a right to move such an amendment, but
Fthought from a remark of the Senator that I
should be concluded.
Mr. FENTON. Section eleven was re-
served. I suppose it is unnecessary to refer
to it again.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole, with the ex-
ception of those which have been specially
reserved.
Mr. BUCKINGHAN. I should like to have
reserved the clause on the seventh page relat-
ing to the ten per cent, duty on goods beyond
the Cape of Good Hope.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That has
already been reserved.
Mr. BOREMAN. The provision I wish
reserved was amended in Committee of the
Whole. I take no exception to the amend-
ment that was made, but my objection was to
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance to the House bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator by reserving the amendment reserves all
his rights.
Mr. BOREMAN. I reserve the amend-
ment as reported by the Committee on Fi-
nance.
