468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
reading of the report in this case.
The report was read. From it it appears
that Captain Caven was mustered into the ser-
vice on the 22d of November, 1861, and dis-
charged on the 22d of November, 1864. He
died on the 8th of February, 1866. The com-
mittee state that the proof of the support by
the son and the dependence upon him by the
mother is clear and satisfactory, but the appli-
cation was rejected by the Commissioner of
Pensions on the ground that the proof did not
satisfy him that the disease of which the sol
dier died was contracted in the service. The
committee are of the opinion that it is clearly
proved that when he entered the Army he was
a healthy man, and that when he was dis-
charged his health was broken, and continued
growing worse until his death.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
the bill by striking out the words "from the
8th day of February, 1866, and," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof "from the passage of this
act, and to continue."
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I hope that
amendment will not prevail.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 63, noes 16; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield, of
Ohio, and Mr. Speer, of Pennsylvania, were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes seventy-nine, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I believe the
morning hour has expired.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. What motion
has the gentleman to make? The morning
hour will continue until a motion of a higher
privilege shall be made.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then, if this
bill is to pass, I want to ask the gentleman
one question. I understand that the only
point in this case, as reported in the report
of the committee, is that in the judgment of
the committee this man was sound when he
went into the Army. Now, in the judgment
of the Commissioner of Pensions there is not
sufficient evidence to show whether the man
received his disability in the Army or was
unsound and had incurred his disability before
he went in. Sir, I do not quite see that this
House is competent to decide medical ques-
tions of that sort. The case has gone through
the Pension Office, and they have rejected
it on the ground that the evidence has
failed to convince the Commissioner that in
this case the disability was incurred in the
Army. We are now called upon to say, out
of hand, that the Pension Office was wrong in
this decision, and that the man was sound
when he went into the Army and did grt his
disability there. I do not see any sufficient
evidence of that fact. It is simply said in the
report that the committee think the man was
sound when he went into the Army. Now, if
we arc going to override the action of the
Commissioner of Pensions in all cases of
this sort, we may override them until dooms-
day, and all such cases need simply be appealed
to us to override his action. I hope the bill
will not pass.
Mr. MOORE. I wish to say in reference to
overruling the Commissioner of Pension,? that
we would never have a case before the Com-
mittee of Pensions if the decision of the Com-
missioner of Pensions should be final in all
cases and should never be overruled.
±^ow, the statement that we simply give our
individual opinion as to the disability of this
man is not a correct statement. The medical
testimony is absolute that the man was received
into the service by the examining surgeons
as a sound man. If they made a mistake in
examining him and admitting him into the
service, they have no right afterward to turn
round and say that he was an unsound man
at the time he was admitted into the service,
They passed upon his case, and said that
when they took him into the service he was a
sound man; and the proof is overwhelming
that he was a sound man when he went into
the service. There is nothing irregular in the
case. This is the claim of a poor widow, and
I hope it will be some satisfaction to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, who is the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Gar-
field,] to find that by taxing a poor widow
he has saved a few dollars to the Treasury.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to address an in-
quiry to the chairman of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. MOORE. Very well.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to know whether
in this case the Committee on Pensions had
before them evidence additional to that before
the Commissioner of Pensions?
Mr. MOORE. They had parole evidence;
medical testimony in abundance.
Mr. POTTER. Other than that which was
before the Committee on Pensions who passed
upon this case ?
Mr. MOORE. I cannot say positively in
reference to that. colleague on the com-
mittee, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Speer,] can state about that.
Mr. POTTER. I wish thisinformation, and
I therefore address my inquiry to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Speer,] to whom
I am referred by the chairman of the commit-
tee, and I ask him whether the committee had
other evidence before them in support of this
claim than that which had been before the
Commissioner who passed upon this case?
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. In reply to
the inquiry of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Potter,] I have this to say: I do not
know what evidence was before the Commis-
sioner of Pensions. I do not know whether
we had precisely the same evidence, or whether
we had additional evidence, or what we had.
We had evidence to satisfy us that this was an
honest claim, and that was enough.
Mr. POTTER. One other question. Was
there anything to prevent this applicant going
before the Commissioner of Pensions the sec-
ond time if he had additional evidence to offer
in support of his claim?
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, There was
nothing at all to prevent it that I know of.
Mr. POTTER. Then we come right back,
Mr. Speaker, to the point made by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] A. person
whose claim has been examined and rejected
by the Commissioner of Pensions, without new
evidence, and without reapplying to the Com-
missioner, comes before this House and asks
us to review the judgment of the Commissioner
of Pensions in a case in which, if the facts
claimed are established, the law provides for a
pension. For one, I am not prepared to do so.
This is not a case of new facts; it is not a ques-
tion of one who cannot have a new hearing of
his case, but simply a question whether this
House shall sit in review of the judgment of
the Commissioner of Pensions. ' Now, I do
not believe that is our duty.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then there would
be no necessity for a Committee on Pensions.
Mr. L. MYERS. I know nothing more of
the facts in this case than what I have heard
here, but I shall favor this bill. Such cases
as these show that we should enlarge the law ;
that an amendment of the law to this extent
shouldprevail; that the death of a soldier or
sailor in the service should be deemed to be
death by reason of service, -unless brought
about by his own act. I have offered several
times an amendment of that character, and
hope before long some such amendment will
be enacted into law.
The Government of the United States ac-
cepts an enlisted man, the surgeon first pro-
nouncing him a sound man, fit to enter the
service of his country. Then, later on, when
the man dies, and his widow or child or
mother appliesto obtain some slight reward for jj
his services, the Government sets up a defense
that the man was unsound when he entered
the service, notwithstanding the report of the
examining surgeon when he enlisted. Now, I
say that when men perform their duty you
shall not trace them back previous to their
enlistment, and allege that the examining sur-
geon who allowed them to enter the service
did not perform his duty. His act of taking
them is an equitable estoppel to any such
plea. I know a case, and there are thousands
similar, of men hale and hearty when they en-
tered the service—I know the case of a strong
and healthy soldier who, from sleeping on
the damp ground, exposed to the night and
cold and rain, in a very brief time became
consumptive and died. When a pension was
applied for, some erudite surgeon—I do not
care whether in or out of the Pension Office-
discovered that he had pulmonary symptoms,
or some of his family had, before he entered
the service, and so, under these harsh rulings,
his widow went penniless. Now, when we
receive these men into the service of the Gov-
ernment, and they are pronounced sound, hale
men ; when they have laid down their lives in
the service of their country, let us not here re-
fuse to give to their families what is their just
due, because, forsooth, it is found or suspected
after their death that there were pulmonary
symptoms, or symptoms of some other disease
about them when they enlisted. I have already
said an exception can be made where death
is brought about by the party's own act, by
suicide, by drunkenness, or the willful con-
cealment of any organic or other diseases, the
proof of which can readily be obtained.
I contend that this is a just case; and further,
that we should pass a general law, which, in
the respect now under debate, shall do justice
to those who go forth to serve the Government,
expecting the Government to stand by them
and their Families.
Mr. MOORE. I yield for a moment to my
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynakd,] who
wishes to ask a question.
Mr. MAYNAKD. I desire to inquire whether
the proof in this case shows that the soldier
came to his death by reason of disease con-
tracted while in the service?
Mr. MOORE. It does; and I think that the
opinion of nine men on a judicious committee,
as we trust we are, is entitled to as much re-
spect in reviewing testimony as is the judg-
ment of the Commissioner of Pensions, and
that every single member of the committee is
as competent to pass upon these questions as
is the Commissioner. Here is a citizen of the
Government appealing to this Congress, the
representatives of the people, for relief upon
the merits of his ease; and I care not what
may have been the decision of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions.
I yield to my colleague [Mr. Farnsworth. ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I con-
cur in the suggestion of my colleague, [Mr.
Moore,] that in the judgment of this House
the action of our fellow-members constitut-
ing a committee of this body should weigh
quite as much as the opinion of the Commis-
sioner ; nay, even more. For in nine cases out
of ten the letters disposing of these cases
are signed by the Commissioner of Pensions
without being read by him. The case is not
considered by him at all, but is determined and
adjudicated by some clerk. I had a case of
that sort the other day. I received a, letter
from the Commissioner of Pensions rendering
a most extraordinary decision, declaring that
the heirs of a certain man were not entitled to
a pension. I went directly up to the Pension
Office^ and it appeared on inquiry that the
Commissioner knew nothing about the case.
The documents had not been before him, and
he did not even remember the case. Some
clerk had passed his judgment upon it, and
the acting Commissioner, supposing it was all
right, had signed a letter embodying the decis-
ion. That decision was reversed in a moment,
