1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2261
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 199) for
the relief of L. Merchant & Co. The Secre-
taiy of the Treasury is required by the bill to
pay L. Merchant & Co. the sum of $3,700, that
being the price at which their steam-tug Neafis
was sold by ColonelE. S. Allen, assistant quar-
termaster, on March 2, 1866.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
KOBEllT WILLIAMS, Jit.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1913.
The bill (H. R. No. 1943) for the relief of
Robert Wiiliaras, jr., collector thud district.
Ohio, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The proper accounting officers of
the Treasury are directed by the bill, in set-
tling the accounts of Eobeit Williams, jr.. col-
lector of internal revenue, third district Ohio,
to credit and allow to him such sum as they
shall find was stolen from his safe in beer,
cigar, and internal revenue stamps by bur-
glars on the night, of July 3. 1869; but there
is first to be deducted from the sum so stolen
the amount recovered by him, and that noth-
ing is to be allowed for expenses in recover-
ing it.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with an amendment, to add the following pro-
viso :
Ami provided further. That such accounting offi-
cers shall be satisfied, by competent testimony, that
ait such stamps were slolen without any detaultor
negligence on the part of said Williams or his
agents.
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time.
Hie bill was read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH SJSGAlt.
Mr. HOWE. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 889.
The bill (S. No. 889) for the relief of Joseph
Segar, of Virginia, was read a second time,
and considered as m Committee of the Whoie.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Joseph Segar, of Virginia, $15,000,
that being the balance still due lnm, after
deduciing what he has heretofore received, for
the use and occupation of his farm in Eliza-
beth City county, Virginia, by the Army of
the United States during the late rebellion.
Mr. MOKlllLiL, of Vermont. If there is a
report in that, case 1 should like to hear it read.
The PKES1D1NG OFFICER. There is a
report, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. JiouEjtAN on the 1st of
April from the Committee oil Claims :
The Committee on Claims, having considered the
claims of Joseph Segar, ol Virginia, for compensa-
tion for use and occupation of his farm by the Uni-
ted States during the late war of rebellion, make
the following report:
On the 24th day ot May, 1861, by order of General
IS. I1. Butler, then in command at I'ortress Monroe,
the farm of said Segar, in Elizabeth City county, in
the State of Virginia, containing about four hun-
dred and fifty acres, nearly three hundred ol which
were in a state of cultivation, and immediately ad-
joining Portress Monroe, was seized tor the use ot
the armies of the Union, and a large military ioree
at once encamped upon it. g
The said iarm wa^ occupied by the United States
for earnp and drilling grounds, hospitals, stables,
officers' and soldiers' quarters and barracks, work-
shops, and other military uses, until the end of Uie
war, and possession was retained by tho United
States military authorities until the 1st day ot Jan-
uary, 1857, nearly two years alter the close of the
war. But the petitioner admits that hebas received
the reut from April 2, I860, the date of President
JohnHUiV peace proclamation, to January 1, 18(3/,
when the farm was restored to his possession.
The Governuient, possession and useot the farm
was not casual or temporary, as m the march of an
aimy through a hostile country, but a deliberately
planned and intended permanent possession, to end
only with the public exigency that called tor their
use and occupation.
That exigency continued until the end of the war,
and in greater or less degree for nearly two years
thereafter. .
For this continued use and occupation (which the
evidence shows to have been indispensable to the
Government) the petitioner now asks compensation.
It will not be denied that it the claim were for the
payment of quartermaster or commissary supplies,
as corn, oats, &c„ it would be at once recognized as
valid; but it is difficult to perceive why a discrim-
ination should be made against the land that pro-
duces the supplies.
The Constitution, in providing that private prop- j
erty shall not be taken for public use without just
compensation, makes no discrimination for or against
any specics ot property. It uses the general term
"property;" and the obvious meaning is that no
property ol' the oitizeus shall be taken for public use
but on just compensation.
If it be claimed that a state of war suspends the
constitutional provision for just compensation, the
answer is at hand that the decisions of the Supreme
Court and Court ot Claims both negative the idea of
such suspension except during the actual existence
ol pieasing emergency.
In the ca^e of Harmony vs. Mitchell, (13 How.
Hep., page 115,) a case which arose during the Mex-
ican war, the bupreme Court decided that the citi-
acii must be paid the full value of his property
taken. War did not, m that case, impair the obli-
gation of the Government to make indemnity %
And in the case ol Grant vs. The United fetates,
which originated during the late war of rebellion,
which involved real estate, the Court ot Claims held
the Government bound for full compensation.
ThtsfcO decisions show that indemnity runs as well
in time ot war as of peace.
It it were otherwise, property, the great current
of human society and the mainspring stimulus ot
human energy, might be totally and irremediably
sacrificed m time of war. .
War does not abrogate this sacred principle and
invaluable safeguard of the Constitution. Its only
effcct is to suspend actual payment until the exi-
gency which called tor the taking of tho property
has ceased, when the Government obligation to pro-
vide indemnity instantly recurs m all its lorce.
The tiue law of the case is perspicuously expound-
ed in the official opinion of one ol' the ablest jurists
oi the country, ^speaking in regard to the payment
ot toils on a tuinpike road in Kentucky,) which is m
the lollowing woids: . . .
" In accordance with the principle which is incor-
porated 111(0 our national and State constitutions, it
is the invariable practice ot the Government of the
United Scates, both in peace and in war, to.pay lor
the properly of ail loyal citizens that, either by pur-
chase or seizure, may be appropriated to its use.
(Digest of Opinions of tne Judge Advocate General
of tlie Army, page 29, edition ot 1865.")
And this ruling is but in accordance with the great
principle of right announced m the Supreme Court
decision in Mitchell andllaunony, that " wneu the
citizen has done nothing to forfeit his rights, every
public officer is bound to respect them, whether he
linds the property m a toreign or hostile land, or his
own." , . ,
Thai is to say, if he is a loyal citizen, and a public
officer touches his property except under the pres-
sure of oveirutmg public exigency, tho officcr is a
trespasser, and liable in damages tor the trepass. _
It may be well here to note a fact bearing on this
point, that rents, under tue statute heads of ' quar-
ters and barracks," have been paid from thetounda-
tion ot ihe Government to the present time.
The evidence tiled with the petition shows very
gre<xt d...mage to have been done the farm during
the military occupation, by deep excavations and
high embankments, removal ot tho soil, and the
total destiuction ot the larm-housea, wood, timber,
and tencing.
Lu reterence to the amount oi rent for use and
occupation ot his iarm, ttie petitioner tiles the pro-
ceedings of a board ot claims, convened by bpeeial
Order No 49, Irom headquarters district ot Henrico,
liicbmund, Virginia, July 3, 1865, and in session at
Fortress Momoc, Viigmia, by virtue of Speciud Or-
der No. 307, trom headquarters department ot Vir-
ginia, Richmond, Virginia, November 23, 186a.
Tins board consisted ot Lieutenant Colonel Gharles
P. Baldwin, eleventh Maine infantry, president;
Captain George C. Seaminon, eleventh Maine in-
tently,recorder; Major Thomas F. Edwards, twenty-
fourth Massachusetts intantry. c
This commission made "a personal inspection ot
the la.nds in question, lin company with Mr. Segar,)
eliciting such tacts as to their occupancy by the
Government as weie deemed important by the
board."
They examined Mr. Segar on oath, and also sun-
dry other witnesses. (For evideuoe m detail seo
report of board.)
Tlie tollovmig is the award made- by this board on
the30th of November, 1865:
Alter a mature consideration of the evidence m
the ciuim and the facts adduced thereby, as well as
the nature and extent of the property m question,
the board submit the following report:
1. The property m question is private, and is
owned bs' Mr. Joseph Segar, ot Hampton, \ irginia.
It consists of a farm ot tour hundred and lorty-scven
acres, with a dwelling-house thereon.
2. Mr. Scga,r is a loyal man, and has been so
through the entire war. -
3. The entire property was taken possession ot
May 2-i, 1861, by order of General 13utler,ior military
purposes, and was so occupied until the 1st day or
Aprii, 1863. At that date the dwelling-house, with
gaidea attached, was restored to Mr. toegar. xne
remainder of the property continued in theposses-
sion and use of the United States, and is still used
by them. , . ,
4. From the 1st of April, 1863, the date on which
Mr. Segar got possession of his dwelling-house, to
tho 1st of April, 1864, the dwelling-house was occu-
pied by Captain Hunt, United States Army, who
paid Mr. Segar $400 ($33 33s- per month) as rent
therefor.
Since the 1st of April, 18(54, Mr. Segar has had the
use and possession of the house himself. Subse-
quently to tue evacuation of liichmond, and prior
to the 24th day of November, 1865, he has received
as rent lor portions of ins faiin, fioui private par-
ties, the sums of fifty-six dollars and seventy-five
dollars, as appears by his own testimony, and by a
document hereto attached, marked I. In the opin-
ion of the board these sums, respectively, should be
deducted from the amount to be paid him by the
Government.
5. The board, therefore, recommend that the fol-
lowing allowances of rent he made to Mr. Segar by the
Government tor the use of his property:
From May 24, 1861, to April 1, 1863, one year ten
months and seven days,at ftlOO per month, §8,893 33
From April 1, 1863, to April 1, 1865, two
years, at §100 l>er month, minus house
rent, $33 33 per month tor the time   8,800 00
From April 1, 1865. to November 24, 1865,
seven months and twenty-three days, at
$400 per month, minus $33 33 per month
for tins time, and deducting from this
amount $131 rent received by Mr. Segar
from private parties  2,716 77
Making the total amount due Mr. Segar, $20,410 10
6. The board recommend that so long as tho Gov-
ernment shall continue to occupy the same por-
tion of Mr. Sesrar's farm that it now does, that from
and alter the 25th day of November, 1865, a rent of
$366 77 per month be paid lor it, provided Mr. Segar
docs not leceive any rent from private parties tor
any portion of the land.
y 1 CllAS. P. BALDWIN,
Lieut. Col. Eleventh Maine Vols., President.
THOMAS F. EDWARDS,
Major Twenty-fourth Infantry.
GEO. C. SCAMMON,
Captain Maine Infantry, Recorder.
The value of the farm to the Government in its
military operations is very strongly set forth in the
testimony. That ol the military authority is to the
effect that the iarm of the petitioner was "of incal-
culable value and importance to the Government as
rendezvous for troops, tor the collection of war
materials, tor the stabling of horses, for the running
of workshops, &c., and that from its proximity to
the fort, and extent of area, it was absolutely indis-
pensable." On this point the evidence is abundant
and marked. . ^ ,
The ineiits of the petitioner's claim arc supported
by numerous documents filed therewith, numbered
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,8, 9,10. 11,12, 13,14,15,16, 17, and 18,
and which are herewith submitted in theibim ot
appendix as apart of thi< report.
The petitioner claims that he should be paid rent
for his farm Irom May 24. 3861, to April 2, 1866, as
as&esrsed by the board of claims before referred to,
according to which assessment the following* is the
state of the account between the petitioner and the
United States:
From May 2i, 1361, to April 1, 1863, one year, ten
months andsevondays. atS400 per month, 88,893 33
From April 1, 1863, to April 1, 1865, two
years, at $400 per month, minus house
rent £33 33 per month for the time  8,800 00
From April 1,1865, to November 24, 1865,
seven months and twenty-three days, at
400 per month, minus house reut, S33 33
per month tor this time, and ramus isl.il
received by petitioner from privato par-
tlCS    ..........................     Uy I J.O I I
From "November 23. 18G5, to April 2, 181)6,
the date of peace establishment  l,5bo 00
Total rent from May 21, 1861, to April 2,
1866     *^1)^5 00
From which should bo deducted the sum ot
$3,776 paid petitioner by Fieedmcn's
Unreal  3."<> 00
Leaving balance   $1S,199 00
But a majority of the committee haying some
doubts as to whether tho petitioner should be
allowed the full measure of rent as assessed by the
military board as above sot fortn, have come to tno
conclusion to recommend that he be paid the gross
sum ot Slo.OOOas the balance due lnm on account ot
rent, tor which they herewith report a bill. .
The committee have made no allowance tor in-
terest, nor for destruction oi buildings oi oth^r
damage, although, as above stated, the
shows that petitioner suffered greatly in u,ima„e
done to his property; yet. as this is not compre-
hended by the prayer ot his petition, nor was toe
evidence directed to that question, the committee
have not taken the same into consideration.
Mr. MOitRILL, of Vermont. This is a very
old and familiar ease; but when the Senate
set apart a curtain day for the consideration
Ol'private bills. I know they are organized (as
certain eouits-marital were once said to be
organized—''to convict") to grind out what-
