1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i 86&
dependence on the people is, no doubt, the
primary control on the government; but ex-
perience has taught mankind the necessity of
auxiliary precautions."
The Federal Constitution was therefore con-
ceived in jealousy and born in restrictions of
delegated power. Said Mr. Jefferson:
"Confidence is everywhere the parent of despot-
ism. Free government is founded in jealousy, and
not in confidence. _ It is j ealousy, and not confidence,
which prescribes limited constitutions to bind down
those whom we are obliged to trust with power; that
our Constitution has accordingly fixed the limits to
which, and no further, our confidence may go."
That Constitution represents whatever is the
rational and irreconcilable opposite of inher-
ent or discretionary power in government. It
was made by communities and men just hero-
ically delivered from inherent and discretion-
ary power in government. It was established
as the antipode of all that. It was made to
be the manacle of restriction on the arm of
power, so that power might never get beyond
the ramparts of restriction and whelm the
people again in the maelstrom of governmental
discretion. And—
"Nothing but the most rigid adherence, in all
cases, to the restrictions laid down, can avert it. To
relax in any, even the strongest, would open wide
the door of unlimited discretion, and leave the Fed-
eral (government, without restriction, to fix on such
a standard as the caprice, ambition, party influence,
or party calculations of those who, for the time
being, might hold the reins of power, might dic-
tate."—Calhoun. *
Framed by men in many respects the most
remarkable of any age, it became the supreme
law by virtue of the assent and ratification of
the States, which adopted it in pursuance of
the will of the people. It is builded on the
will of the State, builded on the will of the
people. It is, therefore, in its origin and
validity, a Federal compact by and between
the States adopting it and the people forming
these States. Created the better to preserve
the States and to promote the happiness and
safety of the people, not to destroy the one
and remit the other again to the hateful
bondage of discretionary government. It was
auxiliary to the State governments in aid of the
political principles on which they were founded;
for certain purposes invested with the com-
bined authority of all the States and people,
but still a trustee and an auxiliary only to the
governments of the States and people that
formed it, not a sinister power, to supersede
and dominate the former. Such had been
the British constitution and Crown, which for
themselves they had abolished, and of which
Mr. Hamilton once said to the elder Adams
that—
"It was the most perfect model of government
that could be formed; and that the correction of
its vices would reaidei it an impracticable Govern-
ment."
"Each State in ratifying the Constitution is
considered as a sovereign body, independent of all
others, and only to be bound by its own voluntary
act. in this relation, then, the new Constitution
will, if established, be a Federal, and not a national
Constitution."—Madison.
A national Government, as then understood,
involved an indefinite supremacy over all per-
sons and things. Whether invested in one, a
few, or many, the attribute of supremacy was
central, exclusive, and irresponsible; every-
thing else subordinate; all States, counties,
townships, parishes, cities, and wards, every
form of municipal government, absolutely
dependent and at the arbitrary pleasure of
boundless central power, subject to be so
modified, superseded, or abolished. What-
ever may be the sensibility and experience
of the American of to-day, such a government
bad just been successfully resisted by our pre-
decessors, and was so held to be incompatible
with the just ends for which all proper gov-
ernment is instituted. The impoteucy of the
Articles of Confederation formed a union of
threads, but the centralism of such a national
Government formed a union of chains.
These men would have preferred the former
to the latter. They had done so. To the lat-
ter they would never have submitted, and a
Union so constituted they would have spurned.
They refused to bequeath such a curse to their
posterity. The signature of George Washing-
ton could never have been obtained to a letter
recommending such a legacy of evil to his coun-
trymen. 1' Borne for his country and for the
world, he did not give up to party what was
meant for mankind." He said:
" In all our deliberations on this subject we kept
steadily in our view that which appears to us the
greatest interest of every true American, the con-
solidation of our Union, in whichus involved our
prosperity, felicity, safety, perhaps our national
existence."
And upon this subject Mr. Webster remarks:
" You will please to observe that this language is
not applied to the powers of Government; it does
not say that they aim atconsolidation in theGeneral
Government, nor of all the powers of Government; it
does not at all usurp the local authorities of the
States, nor interfere with anything that belongs to
the local legislation and administration. But the
consolidation of which Washington and his asso-
ciates spoke was a consolidation of the Union for
the just purposes of a Union, of a strong Union—
for those purposes for which the Union itself ought
to exist."
It ia therefore plenary and supreme within
the limits of the powers delegated-; it was so
intended to be ; it ought to be; it ought to be
no less; it cannot lawfully be any more. It
was not created for its own sake, for a sinister
supremacy, grandeur, and omnipotence; it
has nothing inherent, self-derived, and self-
sustaining within it.
" The Federal and State Governments are in fact
but different agents and trustees of the people, in-
trusted with different powers, and designated for
different purposes."—Madison.
The Federal Government is derivative, fidu-
ciary, and subservient by origin^ nature, and
object. It is a bright orb, but it shines by abor-
rowed luster, the luster of the States and people
that made it, whose servant it is. As every free
man sees in its proper lineaments the deriva-
tive power of his State and of himself, he ven-
erates an institution embodying exalted virtues,
such as those which make sacred the mother
of men. But what language can express his
emotions when he beholds those lineaments
disfigured, dishonored, despised, and that sa-
cred form prostituted to the wildest debauchery
of faction in the very presence of the betrayed,
the plundered, and the oppressed!
Derivative in its nature and limited in its
functions by the jealous caution of its creators,
it was still further hedged with restrictions
in its primal structure, by being made not a
compact unit in its faculties, but a compound
uuioa of independent, coordinate departments,
designated executive, legislative, and judicial;
and the second and most dangerous of these,
for the greater security, again subdivided. All
writers we respect agree that the concentration
of those powers in one department forms a
despotism, by whatsoever name it may be
called. Saysthe Baron de Montesquieu :
" "When the legislative and executive powers are
united in the same person or body, there can be no lib-
erty, becauso apprehensions may arise lest the same
monarch or senate should enact tyrannical laws, to
execute them in a tyrannical manner. Were the
power of judging joined with the Legislature, the
life and liberty of the bubject would be exposed to
arbitrary control, for the judge would then be the
Legislature. Were it joined to the executive power,
the judge might behave with all the violence of the
oppressor."
The framers of our system believed that the
exercise of those combined powers by a single
functionary, whether single or plural in its
personnel, would inevitably be subversive of
the fundamental principles of free govern-
ment ; and both our State and Federal Con-
stitutions were carefully guarded by this re-
strictive distribution of powers. All these are
familiar truisms ; they are of the very ele-
ments of the horn-books of the past. But
there is some reason in the experience of the
hour to say they are familiar only as truisms ;
they are not so familiar as rules of political
practice. They are of the elements of the
horn-books of the past, but not so much so of
the statute-books of the present.
Strictly observed by honest and capable
public servants, those checks and balances
deeply imbedded in and of the Very vitals of
our Federal system properly understood, it
would have realized the objects and fulfilled
the expectations of the friends of free govern-
ment* But how vain, ofttimes, are the wisest
precautions against the dangers to which the
best-planned institutions of men are exposed!
This must be so, so long as man is unfaithful
to man. These safeguards are conceded by
all to be the best barriers against usurpation
and tyranny in political administration con-
sistent with proper vigor; yet as such they
are utterly futile when the elected become
unfaithful to the elector.
A legislative department by corruption or
by folly may assume to surrender or to dele-
gate their functions to a grasping or a sub-
servient executive. A perverted or a para-
lyzed judiciary may become impotent in the
face of the grossest legislative encroachments
upon the violated constitution and non-dele-
gated powers of States and people, and those
checks and balances are then practically oblit-
erated, the divided functions of government
are massed and concentrated, and faction
rages like a hurricane over the broken and
prostrate institutions which obstruct its rapa-
cious march.
LOCAL POWER.
As in the American sense the man is the
sovereign, so, primarily, power is individual or
local. In the degree in which it is granted
or concentrated elsewhere it becomes general
or central. The nearer the law-making power
is to the people, the nearer the law made is to
the will of the people. This is home or self-
government. This, is the practical realization
of the sovereignty of freemen. The British
Government was central. The colonies re-
ceived, they had no agency in making British
law. It was alien to their will, to their inher-
ent power, and remote from their homes.
Minute, innumerable, and diversified local in-
terests and concerns, civil and criminal, per-
sonal and material, internal and domestic,
could not be justly considered, administered,
and secured at a remote center.
Progress, development, and tranquillity lan-
guished, centralism exacted, and discontent
grew. They demanded of the British Crown
what? The identical function which is now
being insidiously alienated and centralized on
the delusive pretext of the general welfare.
They demanded their right of enacting local
laws, and of the local administration of those
law.s. Those rights were denied them ; and
they struck the central power and abolished it,
and planted government upon their inherent
sovereignty. For what? In the language of
Mr. Webster, for "home government, or the
power of making in the colony the municipal
laws which were to govern it." Here we trace
the germ of our institutions. Here we find
the will and the want of the people.
There is no political institution, founded by
the people in this country, which was not cre-
ated to facilitate, fortify, and perpetuate that
function of local power, indispensable to free
government. " The principle of free govern-
ment adheres to American soil. It is bedded
in it, immovable as its mountains." The
Articles of Confederation, pending the war of
the Revolution, were made the better to protect
it; the Federal Constitution was made the bet-
ter to protect it; and the first twelve amend-
ments to that instrument were made the better
to perfect that protection. Not because it was
a State right; it was before and higher than
the State, which grew upon it and exemplified
it. Not because it was a Federal restriction ;
the Federal fabric was its creature, made to
subserve it; but because it was indispensable
to the safety and happiness of the people of
the States. It is in this connection Mr. Ham-
ilton so forcibly observes:
" It is this, Which being the immediate and visible
guardian at life and property, having its benefits
and terrors inconstant aotivity befort the if ublic eye.
