2262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
ever is put into the hopper. I know, there-
fore, it will be entirely useless to interpose any
objection to any bill that is called up to-day.
This claim is for the use of a farm. Has
there been any inquiry as to the worth of that
farm? We are to pay so much a month, sum-
mer and winter, for the use of the farm. Why,
sir, it strikes me that this is an extraordinary
claim. The party is said to be loyal, and I
believe he is, tor he has been frequently elected
to the other House, but I do not think he was
ever admitted; but whether admitted or not,
he has succeeded in getting some bills through
Congress by which he has already secured
some compensation. I do not think it is any
use for me, however, to interpose any objec-
tion to the passage of the bill. It strikes me
as rather large for a four hundred acre farm
to pay $400 a month for the use of it, or
somewhere in that neighborhood.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I know some-
thing of this property, having been upon it
occasionally from 1862 to 1864. I see the re-
port allows to the applicant some eight thou-
sand dollars for less than two years' rent. I do
not believe that the whole property before the
war was ever worth $8,000. I believe that the
petitioner has received in one way and another
since the close of the war and during the latter
years of the war all that he is honestly entitled
to for the occupation of that land by the Gov-
ernment. I would not vote for such a bill.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Connecti-
cut has decidedly the advantage of the com-
mittee. He knows something about this case
and the committee do not know anything
about it  
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. You might
have learned by inquiring about the value of
the land.
Mr. HOWE. We have made inquiries
enough. 1 say we do not know anything
about it except what the testimony before us
shows us, and we know as well as anybody
can how unreliable that is. I rise, however,
to say that Senators seem to be opposed to
the passage of this bill; the Senator from
West Virginia, [Mr. Bobeman,] who reported
the bill, is not present, and I think perhaps it
would he better that the further consideration
of the bill be postponed.
Mr. LEWIS. Before the bill is postponed,
I will merely remark to the Senate that 1 know
something about that property, and I say that
it is a very small value put upon it. Mr. Segar
was a loyal man throughout the rebellion. He
came over here, and was once seated in the
House of Representatives. Mr. Segar is very
poor, made poor by the armies of the United
States taking his property for the use of the
"United States. He has been here time and
again, and I do hope that this bill will not be
postponed any further, but that this simple act
of justice will be done to Mr. Segar.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on postponing the further consideration
of the bill.
Mr. LEWIS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. 1 suggested that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed because
of the absence of the Senator "who reported the
bill. 1 acquiesced in the report. From the
evidence before the committee I was satisfied
of the propriety of it. If that testimony is to be
believed at all, instead of the committee hav-
ing awarded a larger sum than will make Mr.
Segar whole, it was my opinion, and is now my
opinion, that we have awarded a less sum, and
I am a little surprised to hear the opinion ex-
pressed by the Senator from Connecticut. But
I find the Senator from Virginia is opposed to
the postponement which I suggested 
Mr. LEWIS. I will say that I have no ob-
jection, provided the Senator will call it up
when the Senator from West Virginia returns.
Mr. HOWE. I will do my best to call it
up, or he will do so, and I will second him.
Mr. LEWIS. If there is any danger of its
going over, I hop.e it will not be postponed,
because I know Mr. Segar's circumstances.
I examined this ease, and I know it is a merit-
orious one, and I do hope that the Senate will
not refuse longer to do Mr. Segar this justice.
Mr. HOWE. I beg to say to the Senator
from Virginia that he must not understand my
motion to postpone as an act of hostility to
the bill, for I am satisfied of the propriety of
the bill. _ ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Virginia insist on the demand
for the yeas and nays ?
Mr. LEWIS. I will let the bill go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the call for the yeas and nays
will be regarded as withdrawn. The ques-
tion is on the postponement of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. With the
understanding of the Senate, so far as we can
have it, that whenever the chairman calls the
bill up there will be no objection to it; I
presume the Senate will give unanimous con-
sent to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on postponing the further consideration
of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider that vote and let the bill lie on
the table, so that it will not go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator that the bill will go
back to its place on the Calendar, and will
not be prejudiced by the postponement. Is
that, satisfactory?
Mr. LEWIS. Yes, that is satisfactory.
MII.O PRATT.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 895.
The bill (S. No. 895) for the relief of Milo
Pratt was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to MiloPrattthe sum of$2,000, upon
his executing to the United States a full release
of all further claim for or on account of a con-
tract, made with him in 1861 by the quarter-
master's department for furnishing coal.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment,, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
robert lowey.
Mr. HOWE. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 929.
The bill (S. No. 929) for the relief of Rob-
ert Lowry, of Nashville, Tennessee, was read
a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It appropriates $4,560 79
to be paid to Robert Lowry, for full payment
for the destruction of his house, and its con-
tents, on the morning of December 3, 1864,
by the second division of the fourth Army
corps, army of the Cumberland, under order
ofBrigadier General G. D. Wagner, command-
ing; this amount being found due by a mili-
tary commission assembled under order of
Major General G. H. Thomas for that purpose.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
theodore adams.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 2046.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2046) for the relief of Theodore Adams. It
directs the payment to Theodore Adams of
5112,740 76, in full for all claim under his
contracts with the Government of the United
Slates for the construction of thirty-eight mor-
tar-boats and eight steam tags.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with amendments so as to make it read :
That there be paid to Theodore Adame, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of 839,242 50, in full tor all claim against tho
Government ol the United States for the construc-
tion of thirty-eight mortar-boats and eight steam-
tugs.
Mr. WRIGHT. I suggest that that bill was
reported here this morning from the commit-
tee, and there is a written report,'and I be-
lieve it was understood this morning that wa
were not to take up any cases reported to-day
where there was an objection. 1 suggest that
this bill lie over until we have the report
printed. The report is a very lengthy one.
The PRESIDING 0FFJCER._ The Sen-
ator from Iowa requests that this bill be passed
over until the report be printed.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator from Iowa
believes that there is any information in the
report which will be necessary to enable the
Senate to dispose of this case, I shall have no
objection to its going over; but there is a
printed report accompanying the bill from
the House, which, if it is desired on the part
of any Senator, can be read, and I think will
convey all the necessary information, although
the Senate renort is perhaps somewhat fuller.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
having been reported to-day cannot be pro-
ceeded with except by unanimous consent.
Does the Chair understand the Senator from
Iowa to object?
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Iowa objects.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought this day was
set apart by unanimous consent for this busi-
ness, and that we were proceeding with all
these bills by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not understand that there was unanimous
consent to that extent, to consider bills which
were reported by the committee to-day
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to say in this con-
nection that I think there is, perhaps, the most
important question involved in this case, vastly
more so than ail the questions involved in the
cases preceding, and I therefore prefer that
the report, of the Senate Committee on Claims
be printed and upon our tables before it is con-
sidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICEH. The Chair
has ruled that a single objection is sufficient to
prevent the consideration of the bill to-day.
IP. B. ISRAYTON.
Mr. HOWE. I ask unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 101.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 101)
for the relief of F. B. Brayton. The Post-
master General is directed by the bill to credit
(as of the 24th day of May, 1868.) to F. B.
Brayton, postmaster of Mount Morris, Ogle
county, Illinois, $350, in consideration of the
loss of that amount in postage stamps robbed
from his post office, in Mount Morris, without
his fault or negligence.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
battellh and kvans.
Mr. HOWE. I ask unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1700.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. K. No. 1700)
for the rebef of Battelle & Evans. It author-
izes and requires the Court of Claims to again
take up, bear, and pass upon the claim of
Battelle & Evans for catilo and beet sold and
delivered by them to the United Slates for the
use of the Army in the year 180:2, which claim
is in suit in the court, and the suit is to be
adjudged upon its merits, and without respect
to the lapse of six years since, the caime of
action accrued, but within ,js years since tho
final decision ofthe accounting officers thereon.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
