470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
INSPECTION OF STEAM VESSELS
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution: -which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to communicate to this House ail informa-
tion in the possession of his Department showing
the whole number of steam vessels subject to the
inspection laws of the United States in the years
1868,1869,1870, and 1871, stating these years, sever-
ally, tho tonnage of such vessels, the number thereof
which in each of said years were lost or injured by
accident, the number of persons who were injured
or lost their lives by such accidents, and the amount
of property thereby lost; and that, in reporting the
facts aforesaid, he state the portion of said vessels,
toDnage, aecidcnts, and losses which were upon
waters which flow into the Gulf of Mexico; also of
those upon the lakes, those upon the other rivers
than those flowing to the Gulf of Mexico, and those
upon our coast.
F. V. SAWYER.
Mr. CONNER. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask its consideration at the present
time:
Whereas jP. P. Sawyer is, and has been for some
time past, carrying the United States mails upon cer-
tain routes in the State of Texas and the Indian
territory, by special arrangement with the Post Office
Department; and whereas the said}?. P. Sawyer is
receiving from the Government as a compensation
for said service one hundred per cent, more than
was asked by other responsible bidders for the same
service; and whereas the said F. P. Sawyer has, in
many instances,failed to comply with the termsof
this special^ arrangement, by neglecting to perform
good and faithful service; and whereas itis believed
that he has imposed upon the Postmaster General by
false representations, and that, as a consequence, the
greater portion of his contracts are "jobs, whereby
the Government is defrauded annually out of large
sums of money: Therefore,
Resolved, That a special committee of three mem-
bers of this House be appointed by the Speaker to
investigate frauds in the Post Office Department,
and that said committee have power to send for
persons and papers, and that the payment of all
claims due the said P. P. Sawyer for alleged services
as a mail contractor be suspended pending the report
of said committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The same subject
is already before the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, under the direction of
the House to make investigations into these
contracts.
Mr. CONNER. The gentleman does not
object to my resolution?
Mr. TWICHELL. I object to it.
Mr. CONNER. I would like to make this
statement, that every allegation charged in the
resolution I am prepared to establish.
Mr. RANDALL. Then send the resolution
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. CONNER. Oh, no.
UNITED STATES STEAMERS ON THE LAKES.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House, first, what United
States marine steamers have been employed upon
the lakes during the past season, with the duties and
services performed, the extentof the cruising ground,
and the aggregate distances sailed by each vessel
respectively; second, what, if any, assistance has
been rendered to vessels aground or in distress, and
to their passengers, crews, and cargoes; third, what
assistance, if any, has been rendered in relieving
sufferers by fire in the lake region, or in the trans-
portation of clothing and supplies for the relief of
such sufferers; fourth, the condition and efficiency
of each of such vessels at the present time ; fifth,
whether any and what repairs or rebuilding of such
vessels is consideied necessary for the efficiency of
the service during the earning season; sixth, whether
any of such vessels may besolrt or disposed of with-
out detriment to the public service.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. WHITELEY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for action at this time a bill
for the relief from political disabilities of
flerschell B. Johnson and Jack Brown, of the
State of Georgia. I hope the House will per-
mit the bill to pass.
Mr. MERC UK. I object.
Mr, WHITELEY. I am sure, if I can be
allowed to make a statement, no gentleman
will object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection to the gentleman from Georgia making
a brief statement? The Chair jiears none.
Mr. WHITELEY. I first ask for the reading
of the bill.
The bill was read. It removes all legal and
political disabilities imposed by the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States from Herschell
B. Johnson, of Jefferson county, in the State
of Georgia, and Jack Brown, of Sumter county,
in said State.
Mr. WHITELEY. There is a petition filed
for each of these applicants. They are high-
toned, liberal men, and when I say that for one
opposed to the Republican party I say a great
deal. Ex-Governor Johnson's history is known'
to the country. He was a Douglas man be-
fore the war, and the candidate for Vice Presi-
dent upon the Douglas ticket. He was an
opponent of secession, and as such was elected
to the State convention of Georgia. I had
the honor to follow his lead in that struggle.
Since that hour he has been a consistent Union
man, and to-day stands as one of the most
liberal and high-toned politicians in the South.
Can I say more, and need I say more to secure
the passage of this bill by the House? I hope
not.
Mr. SHANKS. I object to the bill.
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURTS.
Mr. McCRARY. As I shall not be in my
seat on Monday, I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill for reference.
No objection was made ; and the bill (H. R.
No. 1072) to fix the times-for the holding of the
United States circuit courts in the eighth cir-
cuit was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
ELECTION CONTEST M'KENZIE VS. BRAXTON.
Mr. McCRARY. I rise to a question of
privilege. I call up the report ot the Com-
mittee of Elections in the contested-election
case of Lewis McKenzie against Elliott M.
Braxton, and I ask for the reading of the res-
olution reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That Elliott M. Braxton was duly elected
as Representative in Congress from the seventh dis-
trict of Virginia, and is entitled to retain his seat as
such.
Mr. McCRARY. Mr. Speaker, this is the
unanimous report of the Committee of Elec-
tions. I have heard no intimation from any
source that there is a desire to discuss the
report. If there is any desire on the part of
any gentleman who wishes to oppose the reso-
lution to make any remarks upon it, I do not
myself desire to detain the House with any
discussion. [After a pause,] I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ROOSEVELT, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be
directed to ascertain and report to the House the
amount of money paid to the Globe printers during
the past ten yeais for printing and advertising for
the two Houses of Congress.
ORDER OS BUSINESS.
Mr. MOORE. I ask unanimous consent
for the Committee on Invalid Pensions to
continue making their reports to-day.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn, unless some gentleman
desires to address the House in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. RANDALL. With the understanding
that no further business be transacted to-day.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
LEAVE 01" ABSENCE.
Mr. COMINGO was granted leave of ab-
sence for three days.
"WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. HARMER obtained unanimous consent
to have withdrawn from the files of the House
the papers in the case of William S. Mitchell.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, obtained
unanimous consent to have withdrawn from
the files of the House the papers in the case
of II. A. Cooksey.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to adjourn ; and it was agreed to.
Accordingly (attwo o'clockp. m.) the House
adjourned.  
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ACKER: The petition of envel-
ope manufacturers, printers, and stationers of
Allentown, Pennsylvania, relative to the man-
ufacturing and selling of envelopes bytheUni-
ted States Government through the Post Office
Department, &c.
By Mr. AMES: The petition of William
Mason and 870 others, of Taunton, Massa-
chusetts, for an alteration of the duties on
machinery imported that shall better protect
the American machinest and laborer.
By Mr. ARTHUR: The petition of Messrs.
J. T. Sullivan & Brother, andSenour&Simsall,
and sundry others, citizens of Ohio and Ken-
tucky, for a uniform rate of tax on all descrip-
tions of tobacco entering the market for con-
sumption at the rate of sixteen cents per pound.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of Nancy Crawford, widow of George W.
Crawford, late a private in the second Ten-
nessee volunteers, praying a pension.
By Mr. COTTON: The petition of citizens
of Jackson county, Iowa, accompanied by a
draft of a bill, praying the establishment of
certain post roads.
By Mr. ELY: The petition of 921 retail
cigar dealers in New York, for relief from the
irregularities and injustice of the revenuelaws.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The remon-
strance of J. A. N. Buck and others, citizens
of Aurora, Illinois, against any modification
of the tariff upon iron, &c., and asking that
tea and coffee be placed upon the free list.
^ By Mr. HANCOCK: The petition of Charles
Nordliausen, of Texas, praying compensation
for cotton and teams taken from him by the
Army of the United States at Brownsville,
Texas, in 1863.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Ben-
jamin Douglas and others, of Middletown,
Connecticut, for relief from tax on savings
banks.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of Judge
3 oseph G. Palen, chief justice of New Mexico,
for relief.
By Mr. LAMISON: The petition of Dixon
& Co. and others, of Kenton, Ohio, in relation
to the tax and licenses imposed on the manu-
facture and sale of cigars.
By Mr. MANSON : The petition of Anna
Galloway, Mantie Romine, Mattie Romine,
Sarah A. Galloway. Ella F. Brown, Sarah
Pugh, Catharine Galloway, Sarah E. Crane,
Sarah E. Brown, Addison Newburn, aud
numerous others, ladies and gentlemen of
Osborn Prairie, Fountain county, Indiana,
asking that a law be enacted by Congress to
permit the exercise of suffrage by the women
of the United States as of right under the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of Eliza-
betn J. Scott, of Washington city, praying an
increased pension.
By Mr. PETERS : The petition of the
county commissioners and others, of Aroos-
took county, Maine, asking a conveyance to
said county of a lot of land lately occupied
as Hancock barracks.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of Ducha-
teau Brothers and others, rectifiers of spirits
at Green Bay, Wisconsin, asking a consolida-
tion of the taxes on distilled spirits.
