3158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
field reported that the Committee of
Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to re-
duce dutie9 on imports, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, and had in-
structed him to report that they had struck out
the enactin'g clause of the bill.
The SPEAKER. On whose motion was
the enacting clause struck out? _
Mr. SC0F1ELD. On the motion of th®
eentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley. J
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellet] is recognized by
the Chair. , , TT
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the House
concur ill the action of the Committee of the
Whole/and that the hill (H. R. No 2348)
for the further reduction of taxes and the en-
couragement of commerce, be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, with instruc-
tions to report the same to-morrow^ morning,
under the order of 16th April relating to bill
No. 2322. , .
Mr. DAWES. I desire to offer a substitute
for the instructions proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
• The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania has not framed his motion ex-
actly in aocordance with the rule. The Chair
will direct the reading of the rule, and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will see the ne-
cessity of somewhat modifying his motion.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
instructions to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia from the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not instruct-
ing the gentlemen from Pennsylvania. But he
cannot entertain a motion which the rule will
not allow.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then the
Chair is bound to give the floor to some one
who can make a proper motion.
The SPEAKER. Probably the gentleman
from Pennsylvania may do so when the rule
is read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"A motion to strike out tho enacting words of a bill
shall havo precedence of a motion to amend ; ami it
carried, shall bo considered equivalent to its rejec-
tion. Whenever a bill is l eportedfrom ft Committee
ot'tho Whole, with a recommendation to stnko out
tho enacting words, and such recommendation is
disagreed to by the House, tho bill shall stand re-
committed to the said committee without further
action by tho House. But betore tho question ot
concurronco is submitted, it is in order to entertain
a motion to refer tho bill to any committee ot tho
House, with or without instructions, and when the
same is again reported to the House, it shall bo
referred to the Committee of tho Whole without
debate, and resume its original placo on the Cal-
endar."—liule 123.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee of Ways and Means, with in-
structions to report bill No. 2348, for the fur-
ther reduction of taxes and the encouragement
of commerce, as a substitute. That bill is the
same as has been referred to the Committee
of the Whole without special order.
Mr. DAWES. I move as a substitute for
the instructions moved by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, the following:
Substitute for so much of said bill as is contained
between lines twenty-two, page X and lines three
hundred and seventy-two, page 16, inolusive, the
following:
Skc. —. That on and after the day and year when
this act shall take effect, in lieu of the duties im-
posed by law on the articles in this seotion enumer-
ated, there shall be levied, collected, and paid on
the goods, wares, and merchandise in this section
enumerated and provided for, imported from for-
eign countries, ninety per cent, of the several duties
and rates of duty now imposed by law upon said arti-
cles severally, if being the intent of this section to
reduce existing duties on said articles ten per cent,
of such duiies ; that is to say:
On all manufactures of cotton, or of which cotton
is the component part of chief value;
On all wools, hair of the alpaca goat, and other
animals, and all manufactures wholly or in part of
wool or hair of the alpaca, and other animals;
On all iron and manufactures of iron, or manu-
factures of which iron is the component material of
ohiefvalue, excepting cotton machinery:
On all metals not herein otherwise provided for,
and on all manufactures of metals; of which either
of them is the component part of chief value;
On all manufactures of India-rubber, gutta-percha,
or straw, and on oil-cloths of all descriptions: j ' o-
vided, That the rate of duty upon umbrellas, para-
sols, and sunshades shall in no ease be less than is
imposed upon goods of the same material and qual-
ity as the coverings thereof.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Is it subject to
amendment?
The SPEAKER. There is already an amend-
ment pending in the second degree, and an
amendment in the third degree is not in order.
Mr. DAWES. I call the previous question
upon my motion.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. 1 move to insert
"eighty" per cent, in place of "ninety."
Mr. COX. That amendment is not germane
to the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kelley.J
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moves to refer the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, with
instructions to report a bill so amended as to
reduce the duties to ninety per cent. The
gentleman from Missouri moves to amend by
inserting " eighty" in place of "ninety."
Mr. BURG HARD. I understand the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts to be to
amend the committee's bill. It is important
that every member should understand what
is being done.
Mr. DAWES. The motion I make is to
amend the bill in the committee by substi-
tuting a reduction of ten per cent. The
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is to take his bill in place of the one reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means. Mine
is to take the committee's bill, and to take
off a specific reduction of ten per cent.
Mr. KELLEY. Is this question at all de-
batable? As I understand this question it is
intended to evade the primary discussion of
any revenue question in the House. 1 under-
stand that it is an absolute assertion as to what
the rights and duties are of the committee to
bring the bill before the House for considera-
tion or amendment.
The SPEAKER. This bill must go to the
committee under some instructions from the
House, unless a vote of the House prevents it.
Mr. KELLEY. Then the question is whether
internal revenue affairs have yet been con-
sidered.
Mr. COX. After the statement of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that his amend-
ment was not germane to the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, it is cer-
tainly not in order.
The SPKAKBR. Il is still in order, for
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] moves a certain amendment in tho
tariff law to reduce the duties to ninety per
cent., and the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Finkelnbubg] moves to reduce them to eighty
per cent., the difference being that the one
gentleman proposes to reduce the duties twenty
per cent., and the other ten.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot we get at
the bill of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
without all this circumlocution ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman himself
exercised the right of offering an amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, I withdraw it if we
can get hold of the bill of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. It will not then be a
special order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But the House can
at any time make it a special order.
The SPEAKER. No ; not unless it is the
report, of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Air. FARNSWORTH. Couid notthe House
now make it a special order?
The SPEAKER. It can make it a special
order if it be reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand that if the
two first propositions are voted down, you can
then talre up the sections in relation to inter-
nal revenue.
The SPEAKER. The question comes
directly on the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] which is to in-
struct the Committee of Ways and Means to
report back the bill with his amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will not the
bill necessarily go back to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union when
reported back ?
The SPEAKER. It will, and the matter
will be within the entire control of the House.
Mr. BECK. I rose before the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Finkklnbubg] did, hold-
ing an amendment in my hand to strike tea
and coffee out of this bill or to put it on the
free list; but in spite of all the noise I could
make I could not be heard till now. I want
to know if it is not in order now to move that
tea and coffee be stricken out or placed on
the free list?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the House
can get at it. By simply calling the previous
question on the motion of the gentleman from
Missouri, if that be voted down other amend-
ments will be in order; but if the previous
question be called upon the whole subject
and seconded by the House of course that
would exhaust the whole power of amend-
ment.
Mr. KELLEY. I call the previous ques-
tion upon the whole subject.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest to
the gentleman that he amend his motion by
putting in the words " report forthwith."
Mr. KELLEY. I accept that amendment.
Mr. BURCHARD. I desire to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. No other motion is in
order.
Mr. BURCHARD. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is to
amend the instructions moved by the gentle-
man lrom Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] by sub-
stituting instructions proposed by him. The
motion of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Finkelnbubg] is to amend the substitute. Is
not a motion in order to amend the original
instructions moved by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will perceive that although technically
the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri is pending to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
they both relate to the original bill, and it
would complicate matters very much to have
so many amendments pending before the
House.
The question was upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Finkeln-
bubg, ] to strike out from the amendment ot
Mr. Dawes the word "ninety" and insert
" eighty so as to make the reduction twenty
per cent, instead of ten per cent.
Mr. BECK. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and uays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 108, not voting
52; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arober, Arthur, Averill,
Beatty, Beck, Beveridge, Bird, James Gr.
Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Burcbara, Cald-
well, Comingo, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Ct'ebs, Cntcner,
Crossiand, Donnan, Dox, Duke, Bunnell, Eldredge,
Ely, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Golladay, Handtey,
Hanks, Hawley, Hay, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard,
Kendall, Kerr, King. Lamison, Lowe, Marshall, Mc-
Cormiek, McCrary, MeHenry, Mclntyre, Mclunney,
McNeely, Menick, Morgan, Orr, Hosea W. Parker,
Eli Perry. Potter, Price, Read, Edward Y. Ki.ce-
John M. Rico, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robin-
son, Roosevelt. Shanks, Slater. Slocum. Stevenson,
Terry, Dwight Towusend, Turner. Tuthill. Tyneri
Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell. Whitthorne, Wil-
liams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winches-
ter, and Wood—80. - _ .
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames, Banks,
Barber, Barnum, Bell, Bigby, Bingham, Boles,
George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin **
