1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
regulating all those personal interests and familiar
concerns to which the sensibility of individuals is
more immediately awake, contributes, more than
any other circumstance, to impress upon the minds
of the people affection, esteem, and reverence toward
the Government. This great cement of society which
will diffuse itself almost wholly throughout the chan-
nels of the particular government, independent of
all other causes of influence, would insure them so
decided an empire over their respective citizensas
to render them at all times a complete counterpoise
to central government."
It is the very pivot of our State and Federal
systems. It is not a detail or an incident of
either or both of them. Whatever it has pr may
become in practice, neither Federal intimida-
tion nor encroachment can disguise it. Touch
the central power where you may, you will find
unanswerable evidences of this. Its most
arbitrary constituent, its executive, by letter
and by spirit, springs from that seminal prin-
ciple, exists by it alone.
The fiat of local power calls into official
being the President of the Union. But for its
creative power, but for its elementary voli-
tion, that official could not be. If ensues a
failure of choice by the local element through
the Electoral College, the result is supplied by
it, in its capacity of sovereign States as units
and equals on the floor of the lower branch
of the legislative department. And first and
last, the existence of the Executive comes from
and was designed to be faithful to that original
source of his being. Why? Because it was
calculated that the creature would be true to
his maker, would reflect his organic will, and
respect the paramount law, the right reserved.
They, the proprietors of local power, would
not risk its creation by the central power,
because it would then be its creature, and cen-
tralism would be the law of its being. They
would not repose it in the aggregate vote of
the Union, because that would involve the dis-
organization of local government estab-
lish elective despotism. They did what they
could to make it exist independent of central
or despotic, and by virtue alone of local power.
They made it that it might subserve the
purpose of imparting vigor to the execution
of law, pursuant to the delegated will, but
so that it might always be a true popular
barrier against which the waves of central
encroachment might beat, but beat in vain.
So- with the higher branch of the Federal
Legislature. As the State is the home gov-
ernment, nearer to the source of the sovereign
power, the State exemplifies it in an organized
form. By that instrument, as the immedi-
ate representative of the local will of distinct
communities, that exalted branch of the Fed-
eral Legislature has its origin and vitality. In
defiance of degeneracy, abrasion, and innova-
tion, still stand, in original and inherent
equality, the consecrated emblems of local
sovereignty.
"The equal vote allowed to each Stato Is at once
a constitutional recognition ot tho portion of sov-
ereignty remaining in tho individual States, and an
instrument for preserving that residuary sover-
eignty."—'Madison,
The Legislature is the predominant part of
the Federal branch of our system. In that
department the trustee of local sovereignty is
preeminent in the magnitude of his responsi-
bility to his august ward, the principle of local
power, as the creator and providence of our
system. Without, it he is nothing. He, too,
like tho Executive, is its creature ; and though
like the former an agent in central, he is the
servant of local power.
All over the tace of the central structure,
in all its fibers, from turret to foundation-
stone, we find strewn, imbedded, and inter-
mixed, the presence, the object, and the re-
strictions of local power; and Mr. Madison
commended it to his jealous countrymen with
the memorable assurance that the " State gov-
ernments may be regarded as constituent and
essential parts of the Federal Government,
while the latter is in no wise essential to the
operation or organization of the former."
Nor is the Executive, nor the higher branch
of the Federal Legislature, more absolutely de-
pendent upon the local power than is the lower
branch. Its members come yet more directly
from the power of the people. Selected by
popular suffrage, originating in and prescribed
by local power preexisting and reaffirmed in
the centi-al structure, they stand in their places
but as evanescent shadows of the durable sub-
stance behind them ; they are local, not cen-
tral, in their origin and design; and while
clothed with appropriate functions, limited in
their scope, they were especially intended to
act as restrictions upon the known tendency
of all central power to its own extension and
perpetuation; but the great reliance for the
prevention or exposure of those abuses was in
the home government, the State. Local, lib-
erty and central tyranny have always been op-
posing forces ; hence, the vital stress upon
the multiplied safeguards thrown around local
power in our heroic era when Mr. Hamilton
said:
" It may safely be received as an axiom in our
political system that the State governments will,
in all possible contingencies, afford complete security
againstinvasionsof thepubiic liberty by the national
authority. Projects of usurpation cannot be masked
under pretenses so likely to escape the penetration
of select bodies of men as of the people at large.
Tho local Legislatures will have better means of
information; they can discover the danger at a dis-
tance ; and possessing all the organs of civil power,
and the confidence of the people, they can at once
adopt a regular plan of opposition, in which tliey
can combine all the resources of the community.
They can readily communicate with each other in
the different States, and unite their common forces
for tho protection of their common liberty.
"Tho utility and necessity of local administra-
tions for local purposes would bo a complete bar-
rier againsttlie oppressive use of central power." *
i. * * •> fMit jr0 consolidation of the States
into one complete national sovereignty would imply
an entire subordination of the parts, and whatever
povvors might remain in them would be altogether
dopendent on the general will. But as the plan
of tho Convention aims only at a partial union or
consolidation, tho State governments would clearly
retain all tho rights of sovereignty whic,h they before
had, and which were not, by that act, exclusively
delegated to tho United States."
The wisdom of great men is the treasure of
the people. It is the filtered experience of the
past. When it is found condensed in what sur-
vives them, in words and sentences aglow with
tho inspiration of which words and sentences
may be the vehicle, these should form their
compass and their chart. They should be
engraven upon the popular mind, germinate
in the popular heart. Detail lets go; prin-
ciple holds fast. The former can always be
gathered up by the way, the latter once aban-
doned is gone forever. Principle is the staff
of liberty; detail the wand of power. When
the latter is inspired by tho former its office
is salutary and its utility elevated to the level
of its inspiration; when it alone guides, it is
always inconsistent, always sinister. It is im-
pelled by the wind of expediency, and is shift-
ing and anarchic, or resistless and despotic.
In the world's history 110 miners in the
quarry of government were ever so analytic
and elementary as the founders of American
liberty. Their providential grasp of principle
made us all that we are. Their precepts and
their example constantly warn us never to
relax our grasp upon tlie staff of local power.
The luster of their political creed reacted upop
the subjects of feudal empire and the victims
of chaotic republics. And everywhere where
it is understood it is known to bo the eureka
of man's capacity for self-government. Said
Mr. Webster in 1840:
"A distinguished lover of liberty in our time, in
another hemisphere, said, with apparent paradox,
that the quantity of liberty in any country is ex-
actly ectual to tho quantity of restraint; because,
if government is restrained from putting its hand
upon you, to that extont you are free; and all reg-
ular liberty consists in putting restraints upon gov-
ernment and individuals, so that they shall not
interfere with your freedom of action and purpose.
Youmay easily simplify government; shallow think-
ers talk of a simple government. Turkey is the
simplest Government in tho world. But if you wish
to secure entire personal liberty yon must multiply
restraints upon government." * * *■ <=
" Then you may be freo, not otherwise."
And in a strain of eloquence he proceeded
to show that through the genius and wisdom
of those who had gone before us in these States,
a state of things had been wrought out which
had been before only dreamed of in philosophy
and proposed in theory—"the government of
a great nation in a vastly extended portion of
the surface of the earth by means of local in-
stitutions for local purposes." Thanthis great
man no statesman had more maturely .studied
the source and structure of our system, or was
more partial to the central government within
its limited sphere; and yet he allowed no proper
occasion to pass without pouring out, in lan-
guage kindled with inspiration on the altar of
his lips, the tribute of his homage to that local
power as the divinity of our system. Said he :
" No encroachment is to bo made on the reserved
rights of the people of the States, nothing is to be
usurped." * * * " I wish to see 110
new powers drawn to the General Government."
What is the lesson of these axioms of our
great dead? What is the inexorable logic of
those venerated premises? What was the
transparent spirit and intent of their work?
Why, that the central power originated in and
was intended to be subservient to the people
of the several States, acting in their separate
and sovereign capacity as distinct, independ-
ent political communities. The interests com'
moil to all the States united were intrusted 'to
the former, reserving all others to the control
of the latter, where alone they wouldbe secure
from injustice and oppression.
" It was thus that the interests of the whole were
subjected, as they ought to be, to the will of tho
whole, wliilo the peouliar and local interests were
left under the control of the States separately, to
whose custody only they could be safely confided.
And if those who voluntarily created the system
cannot bo trusted to preserve it, who can?"— Cal-
houn.
Said the Baron de Tocqueville:
"A nation may establish a systom of free govern-
ment, but without the spirit, of municipal institu-
tions it cannot have the spirit of liberty."
The conclusion is irresistible that as the
immediate agents of local power the true
barriers of our liberty in this country are our
State governments.
CENTRALISM—USURPATION.
The views I have grouped are of our legacy
from _the purest models in American history.
They portray the era of the triumph of the
social over the feudal principle, of local over
central government, of civil power over mili-
tary power. But in little less than three quar-
ters of a century that triumph is disputed by
tho two last, and the battle renewed by them
rages again along the whole line with fear-
ful losses and gains in favor of centralism.
The third, the last antagonist lying in the way
of our Federal career is upon us, armed with
all the terrors of open force and secret wile.
It is the more sinister because, though apos-
tate, it is lineal to our polity. It is the fallen
angel of our system. It threatens the unnat-
ural fusion of functions forever divorced by
the sacred canons of the Constitution. Shall
those canons be desecrated and destroyed?
Shall the transcendant fruit, the golden pro-
duct of three quarters of a century, be blighted
with the paralysis of a practical fusion of the
great coordinate departments of delegated
power ?
In the language of Mr. Jefferson—•
" The concentrating these in the same hands is
precisely the definition ot despotic government. It
will be no alleviation that thesepowers will be exer-
cised by a plurality of hands."
Their separation must be maintained ; they
must be kept divided and balanced, or our sys-
tem is undone. The subjection of one, the
collusion of another, and the consolidation of
all power ill the third sets at defiance every
limitation, and subsidizes every resource. The
paramount control of the people is again placed
beneath, and thus excluded from any rightful
participation in their own Government, the
pernicious power of the ruler is again placed
above; the decline of local power is accel-
erated, and society is again reduced to the list-
