i872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lS6t
less dependence of feudalism, or the venal
servitude of centralism.
"It is in the nature of such things that the first
violation of true principles, or the first departure
from them, draws more important violations or
departures after it, and the first surrender of just au-
thority will bo followed by others moro to be
deplored." " * * * "If there be made
a first chasm, though it be small, the whole wide
ocean will pour in, and we may then labor to throw
up embankments in vain ."—Webster.
The first usurpation is always made under a
plausible pretext. One is never wanting to
palliate or to delude. Power makes its own
opportunity. It provokes popular outbreaks
by its abuses, and then crushes local power
under the false pretense of enforcing law and
maintaining order. The exercise of uncon-
stitutional power on pressing emergencies is
the apostasy of the ruler and the hot-bed of
nascent despotism. Successful in pne en-
croachment, by a law of its nature, it recog-
nizes no salutary point to stop at but that
located by its own sense of expediency, which
is an open sea.
In its view, its own omnipotence is public
order; the subversion of local power, its vindi-
cation of the capacity of man for self-govern-
ment ; agovernment riveted by the bayonet on
the broken bodies of a disfranchised people—
one founded in the consent of the governed ;
its own aggrandizement, national glory; its
measureless exactions from the labor-and pro-
ductions of the industrial classes, its economy
of the public resources, and its grand army
of minions, parasites, proconsuls, publicans,
public plunderers, revenue vultures,and servile
dependents, the beneficiaries of its patronage,
and the apostles of its purity.
'* A people, therefore, who is so happy as to possess
the inestimable blessing of a free and defined Con-
stitution, eannot be too watchful against the intro-
duction, nor too critical in tracing the consequen-
ces, of new principles and new constructions, that
may remove the land-marks of power."—Madison.
Moderation, justice and concord compose
the vital spirit of the Union of the Constitu-
tion. Its letter is its only interpreter; its
boundary the powers enumerated. How pre-
posterous by its letter to have included
enumerated powers, and by its preamble to
have excluded that enumeration, and settled
down in the unfathomable abyss of usurpation
and expediency, where the imagination be-
comes bewildered, the motive corrupt, and
the will despotic; where government ends and
tyranny begins. This involves that excess of
action which is the besetting sin of govern-
ment. By acting within its proper metes and
bounds, that spirit of moderation, justice, and
concord comprises the segregated strength of
the Federal center; and any greater measure
of strength is imeompatible with self-govern-
ment, with the safety and happiness of free-
men, with all salutary progress. Such was the
opinion of the men who builded it; and the
growth of government builders lrom that day
to this has been more vegetable than mental.
The architects of ruin have grown in an in-
verse proportion.
Nor were the framers of our Federal system
niggardly in the nature and scope of powers
enumerated as positive and exclusive grants
of authority. They are the grandest upon
earth, the most brilliant, stupendous, and
commanding attributes of sovereignty. These
were nobly invested in the central power. For
that purpose they were gathered from the
brows of the States—the power of war and
peace, to raise and support armies, to provide
and maintain navies, to coin money, to raise
revenue, to regulate commerce with foreign
nations, to regulate commerce between the
States, and others. In their stern political
integrity, republican jealousy of the known
license of rulers, and inflexible devotion to
local power for local government, the great
men who builded our Federal system were yet
animated by a breadth of understanding, an
extent of liberality and a grandeur of concep-
tion which sought to place the central Govern-
ment. in resources and magnitude, in the front
rank of nations in all the vicissitudes of inter-
national progress.
They would never have made it but for this.
Under heaven they had no other use for it.
They were not ambitious of empire for con-
quest. They did not propose a State for splen-
dor and dominion. What they wanted was
united defense from external fraud or force.
The State governments were in complete and
successful operation. Wholesome laws were
in wholesome execution, affording every secu-
rity to every interest of life, liberty, and pro-
perty. A home Legislature, a home judiciary,
and a home Executive, and an equal, provi-
dent, and improving system of municipal laws
happily prevailed in each State. Under their
local governments for local objects the people
were content. But their interstate relations
needed, and their international relations de-
manded, a kindred central power adapted to
the just and conciliatory regulation of the first,
and a prescient and warlike ascendency in
the last. So far from ever consenting or
designing to give up or subordinate their
State and local institutions, or their exclusive
control and management of their local and
domestic affairs, their paramount object was
to fortify these against external conqiifest;
and they were expressly reserved from in-
ternal central control, and every safeguard
thrown around them which an unalterable
conviction of the perfidy of power enabled
them to devise. Through a prolonged tem-
pest of carnage and strife our ancestors had
just beat off tyranny, and would they so soon
again madly lay down in its fatal embrace ?
" I answer by asking if a single State of the Union
would have agreed to the Constitution had it given
all powers to the (general Government? If the whole
opposition to it did not proceed from the jealousy
and fear ( f every State of being subjected to the
other States in matters merely its own? And it
there is any reason to believe tho States more (lis-
posed now than then to acquiesce in this geneial
surrender of all their rights and powers to a consol-
idated Government?"—Jefferson.
The spirit of our institutions and the safety
and happiness of the people of this great Com-
monwealth of distinct, independent, but united
communities, require that the central Govern-
ment shall move within its prescribed orbit,
fulfilling its own august, vicarious destiny, and
refraining from intermeddling with thejiomes-
tic governments of the people. Until in
this epoch of appalling political prostitution
and constitutional apostacy, outside of the
enchanted castle of the dreamer or the pande-
monium of the fanatic, who ever heard any man
clothed and in his right mind, asserting the
right cff the central Government, with Briarean
arms of force and corruption, to enter the
reserved sovereignty of local, municipal power
and seize, control, and dispose of all the inter-
ests and movements of society? What sanction
has it in the law of its being to quit its sphere
of external power, where its functions are
legitimate, beneficent, and exalted, and, with
the mean and malignant propensity of the
detective and the brigand, pursue, harass, and
oppress within the limits of communities where
it can only rightfully come clothed with power
delegated?
This is not that moderation, justice, and
concord, the lieaven-born ministers of union
and order, which presented at the baptismal
font the Federal compact, where the States
stood sponsor for their offspring. It is Ate,
the evil-breeding power, everywhere despoil-
ing the States and sowing dissensions and
broils to pave the way for the destruction of
local power, for that tranquillity which is the
death of liberty—the tranquillity of central-
ism, Said Mr. Hamilton:
"Hut it will not follow from this doctrine that acts
of tho larger society, which arc not pursuant to its
constitutional powers, but which arc invasions ot
the residuary authorities ot the smaller societies
wilt become the supreme law of the land. -Lne
will be merely acts of usurpation, and will deserve
to be treated as such."
An awakened people will demand that the
unauthorized and pernicious invasion ot the
local sovereignty and the domestic government
has increased, is increasing, and must be dimin-
ished. It is not strange that the pampered
and ravenous vulture of faction perched, amid
birds of its feather, on the prostrate form of a
bleeding country, should remain insensible or
indifferent to the colossal ruin. But it is per-
plexing in the extreme to behold insensibility
or indifference now, in a patriot of the school
of Washington, of Jefferson, of Hamilton, and
of Madison, who loves and who has inherited
their example and their institutions. But
when such a man quits his neutral ground
and actually joins in the crusade of faction,
and upholds the vultures of rapacity, the mind
reels and the heart sickens.
The arts of the demagogue and the pas-
sions and prejudices of party ofttimes separate
men who, rightly understood coincide, in prin-
ciple. But prejudice and passion are of the
hour, principle is forever. The former must
succumb and the latter will prevail. No gen-
eration should dishonor itself. A legacy of
mutilated institutions should not be permitted
to fall, with their moldering infection, into the
lap of a posterity which never wronged us.
And the present is, of all others, the opportune
moment to break away from the blandishments
of centralism, from the incantations of faction,
and cleave to the Constitution. Disguise it as
we may—
" Unless the Government be bolted and chained
down with links of adamant by the hands of the
States which created it, the creature will usurp tho
place of the creator, and universal political idolatry
overspread the land."—Calhoun.
In this generalization of doctrine funda-
mental to our institutions it has not been my
purpose, nor is it practicable within the time
to which I am limited, to go into a minute dis-
cussion of particular instances of the steadfast
obliteration of the limitations upon central
power. For the purpose of this discussion I
have relied that the House and the intelli-
gent masses of my countrymen, though they
may not carry multiplied statutes in their
minds, yet have by the aid of a vigilant and
powerful press a general apprehension of the
policy unhappily embodied in those statutes.
By general notoriety the States and people
are amply conversant with the spirit which
animates them. They will not fall into the
error of confounding the natural and exhaust-
less mental and material resources of their
race aud their soil with the fruits of good gov-
ernment. Their involuntary reflections will
explain to them that great and imposing as are
our natural wealth, progress, and power, these
are so from causes independent of the govern-
ment and in despite of its perversion ; and that
the pressure upon the local government onoe
finally withdrawn, and the limitations aud res-
ervations of power, central and local, properly
observed and administered, in accordance with
the spirit and structure of our institutions, the
boundless resources of our country would be
accelerated upon a career of development and
expansion without any parallel in the history
of popular and material progress.
There are, however, some abuses of power
which deserve a particular mention in this
connection, aud I can only mention them.
Encroachments upon the proper jurisdiction
of the State judicial power have been so
sweeping, insidious, and persistent as to defy
all adequate popular scrutiny. No part of
the fabric of local self-government is more
vital and sensitive to the palsy of centralism
than the department of justice. It ill brooks
the presence, in judgment, in its domestic
controversies, of a stranger who is the crea-
ture of central authority, and who subsists
upon its bounty, which it may give or take
away at anv moment by an impulse ot its will.
That class of judgment has its appropriate
sphere assigned it by the I'ederal Constitu-
tion, and that sphere is not those domestic
controversies involving merely the internal
administration of civil and criminal justice,
in the municipal relations and interests of
