1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
By Mr. SCOFIELD: The petition of citizens
of Franklin township, Erie county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying a pension for Nancy Wheeler.
By Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion of citizens of Pennsylvania, for the repeal
of the duties on coffee and tea, and for the
protection of home industry.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of the Liquor
Dealers' Association of St. Louis, Missouri,
asking a uniform tax on whisky.
By Mr. WHITTHORNE: The petition of
John F. Lawson, for pay due him as mail con-
tractor in 1861.
By Mr. WILLARD: Thepetitionof George
Nichols and others, of Vermont, asking an
amendment of the twentieth section of the act
of Congress of July 15, 1870, making appro-
priations for supporting the army, &c.
notice or joint resolution.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a joint resolution was given under the rule :
By Mr. PARKER, of Missouri: A joint res-
olution to amend the Constitution of the United
States so that members of the Senate and House
of Representatives of the United States shall
be ineligible to the offices of President and
Vice President of the United States while they
are members, and for two years thereafter.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 19, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.,<Mr.
Dawes in the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Buti.br,
D. D. .
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
restoration of specie payments.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, by unanimous
consent, laid before the House resolutions
passed by the National Board of Trade, held in
the eity of St. Louis, December, 1871, in rela-
tion to a restoration of the specie standard by
a contraction of currency, and other subjects.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that this paper
be referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move thai it be laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
to lay on the table takes precedence of the
motion to refer.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope it will not be laid
on the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
to lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. COX. I appeal to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] to withdraw ior a mo-
ment his motion to lay on the table, so that
I may make a suggestion out of courtesy to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, who
are examining this matter.
Mr. RANDALL. It is more respectful to
refer this resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. If it be considered disre-
spectful to lay this resluotion on the table, I
will withdraw that motion.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Randall, to refer to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency and print; and being taken,
it was agreed to.
military prisons.
The SPEAKER pro tempore also, by unani-
mous consent, laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a draft of a proposed act to establish
military prisons; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
internal revenue report,
The SPEAKER pro tempore also, by unani-
mous consent, laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting the report of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, with accompanying
tables for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Syjtp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 413) to appropriate a sum
of money for the placing of range-lights along
the shore of the channel in the Chesapeake
bay and Patapsco river, in the State of Mary-
land, commonly called the Craighill channel;
An act (S. No. 471) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act supplementary to an act to pro-
vide for furnishing artificial limbs to disabled
soldiers," approved June 30, 1870; and
An act (S. No. 487) to exempt the iron
steam ice-boats, constructed by the city of
Philadelphia, from the inspection required by
the act of February 28, 1871, entitled "An
act to provide for the better security of life on
board of vessels propelled in whoie or in part
by steam, and for other purposes."
louisiana troubles.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Vooa-
h13es, of Indiana, declines to serve upon the
committee upon the Louisiana troubles, and
the Chair appoints, to fill the vacancy, Mr.
Archer, of Maryland.
election contest boles vs. edwards.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the indulgence of
the House for about five minutes to make some
remarks somewhat in the nature of a personal
explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. EDWARDS. It will be recollected by
the House that eight or ten days ago 1 made
application by petition and affidavit for the
purpose of obtaining time to take evidence in
the State of Arkansas in my contested-election
case. It will also be borne in mind that sub-
sequent to that time a report from the Ku
Klux committee was made to this House and
referred to the Committee of Elections, which
report reflected against me as a, member of
this House. Now, I had supposed that that
became a part of the res gestce of the case in
the contest, and that I should have an oppor-
tunity to at least endeavor to refute those
charges.
It has been charged that I have sought delay
in this matter. Now, sir, 1 appeal to the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions, [Mr. McCrary,] the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland.] and the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] who served upon
the Committee of Elections last spring, to
testify that J used every effort in my power to
secure an opportunity to have testimony taken
during the recess of Congress. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] introduced a
resolution for that purpose, but at such a late
stage of the session that there was no subse-
quent meeting of the committee to take action
upon the subject. Hence, I had no opportunity
to press my application before the committee ;
but 1 have used all the diligence in my power
for the purpose of securing that object.
Now. sir, these charges have been made
by affidavits before a committee, affidavits of
two men who were the most conspicuous and
prominent, in the conspiracy to carry out the
frauds by which my election was sought to be
il defeated. For the purpose of showing that I
[J have no desire to seek delay m this case, 1 ask
| the consent of the House to withdraw my
j application to take testimony in the State of
j Arkansas, and, at the same time, I ask as a
| matter of justice that I have the privilege of
i five days to take such testimony as I may have
' in the city of Washington.
! Mr. SNYDER. I rise to a question of
! privilege.
The SPEAKER pro tempore._ The gentle
i man will state his question of privilege.
Mr. SNYDER. It is somewhat in pursu-
ance of the remarks of my colleague, [Mr.
Edwards.] He has stated that charges have
been made 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How much time
does the gentleman propose to occupy?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If it is a
question of privilege he will have one hour, if
he desires it. The gentleman wiil state his
question of privilege.
Mr. SNYDER. In pursuance of the remarks
of my colleague I will state that charges have
been made that in bis effoits to defend the
contest of his seat in this House, he has solely
sought delay 
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that this discussion is wholly out of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Arkansas [Mr. Snyder] will state
his question of privilege.
Mr. SNYDER. Mr. Speaker, if I may be
permitted to make my remarks 1 will say 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state upon what his question of priv-
ilege is based.
Mr. SNYDER.. It is concerning the con-
test of the seat of my colleague who has just
occupied the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman oifer a resolution?
Mr. SNYDER. I desire to offer the reso-
lution which I send to the desk.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will report the resolution, and the Chair will
then decide whether it presents a question of
privilege.
The Clerk read as follows:
ltesoh-f.r1. That five days' time is hereby granted
to Hon. John Edwabds, of Arkansas, contestee in
tiie ease of Botes vs. Edwards, now pending before
the Bouse, within which to introduce as evidence
the official proceedings of the Legislature, supremo
court, and Executive of the State of Arkansas in re-
lation to his election, and to take tile depositions of
such witnesses as ho may be able to have in attend-
ance in the city of Washington; and that he be, and
is hereby, authorized to take such evidence after
giving to the contestant three days' notice of the
time and place: J'londcd, That not more than ten
days from the passage of this resolution shall be
consumed in giving ouch notice and taking such,
evidence.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
decides that as this resolution pertains to the
right of a member to a seat it is a question
of privilege.
Mr. SNYDER. Mr. Speaker, I have pre-
sented this resolution without desiring at this
time to express any preference for either of
the gentlemen engaged in this contest, but
simply to secure, if possible, a fair investiga-
tion of this case, about which so much has
been said both in the newspapers and by
individuals at home and abroad. I have
said from the beginning that I was not dis-
posed to argue this case upon its merits when
it should come before this House, provided
that the parties themselves would agree to
present fa'irly both sides of the question. I
have been willing, this being done, to trust to
the intelligence, the integrity, the sincerity,
and the patriotism of this honorable House,
and to take its judgment without argument.
But, sir, when I have seen a persistent effort
oil the part of the contestant, and his friends in
this case to throttle investigation, and to bring
this case into the House and dispose of it as
an ex parte case, I have not only wondered, I
have not only been surprised, but 1 have boon
mortified that a gentleman claiming a position
on this floor should not only desire to throttle
inquiry as between himself and bis antagonist,
but should in reality endeavor to strangle that
investigation which the sovereign people of
Arkansas feel themselves entitled to and de-
mand upon this floor, and thus prevent them
from being heard upon an issue vital to them
and their interests. When L take that view
! of the question, when I consider the parties
j interested, (the people of Arkansas and the
1 State government by them recently ssiab-
