im.]
APPENDIX TO TEE GQSGE1SSIQNAL GLOBE.
<418
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Army Appropriations—Mr. Hah.
Ho. of Bess.
misapprehension in the minds of members, in
pomrnon jyith the whole country, of the value
of the cotton produce of the South. The high
prices obtained during the war had intoxi-
cated or rather crazed the .whole nation, a,nd,
lilce the South Sea bubble of a past generation,
the wildest speculations in regard to the for-
tunes to be realized from the cotton culture
were indulged in by everybody. North and
South; but when the bubble burst, the disas-
ter fell upon the people of the southern States,
and its cruelest blow crushed the people least
able to withstand its force, the laborers of the
great cotton belt of oar country.
Had the "staple States" been represented
upon this floor in 1866, as they are now, by
Representatives of all classes and conditions of
their people, the bill imposing the tax upon
cotton could never have passed, and this great
and grievous wrong had never been done. As it
is, we can but partially remedy the evil doae;
but, so far as we can, it is in my judgment our
duty so to do. And, sir, in this connection
and in conclusion, I submit that when the
legislation of a free Government, having com-
mitted a crime against the fundamental law
of the nation, as well as against the welfare
and interests of a particular section of the
country, shall of its own motion confess the
wrong, and, so far as within its power lies,
redress the evil, it inscribes upon the tablets
of the law the capacity of Americans to so
control the affairs of this great and growing
nation that it shall be a Government of the
people, by the people, apd for the people,"
and that its rule shall be impartial, unswerv-
ing justice to all sections, to all men, and to
all classes of men.
Army Appropriations.
SPEECH OF HON. EUGENE HALE,
of maine,
In thk House op Representatives,
May 29,' 1872,
On the bill (H. fi. No. 1541) making appropriations
for the support of the Army tor the year ending
June 30,1873, and for other purposes.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
consideration is almost the only large appro-
priation bill in which we have been obliged to
give as much money as was used in the last
year, and its consideration affords a fitting
opportunity to discuss the subject of our
national expenditures for the present, _and to
compare them with the past. At this time all
but four of the large appropriation bills have
been finally acted upon by both the House and
Senate, approved by the President, and thus
enacted as laws of the land. The Army bill
is now before the House, having been acted
on by both Houses. The river and harbor bill
has passed this House and been reported with
amendments to the Senate. The Post Office
bill has been agreed to by both Houses with
the single exception of the large subsidy to
the Brazil steamship route, which measure is
being speciously urged as in the interests of
reviving commerce, but which in my view is
simply a question of paying or not paying the
Brazilian company $2,500,000 in the next ten
years to run its old, empty ships to Rio Janeiro
at the expense of the General Government. I
want American commerce, Mr. Speaker, re
vived by some more generally diffused, health-
ful method than this of subsidizing, where there
is little or no commerce; and this House, I am
giad to say, has shown the disposition to_ so
relieve that prostrate interest, in the section
providing for a drawback or rebate of duties
upon materials entering into the construction
of Anjerican-built yessels, which forms part of
the tariff and tax bill which we have just sent
to the Senate.  
Thus all of the appropriations for the next
fiscal'year, except such as are involved in the
bill now before us, have practically passed,
and we are able to compare the result with
the preceding year with a near approach to
accuracy. That result is gratifying. While
we have increased the payments for pensions,
the very last quarter in which, in my opinion,
this Government should pinch, and while the
Post Office bill has been somewhat swollen,
owing to the vast extension of mail routes
required by our constant occupation of new
territory in the West, we have cut down the
amount for salaries and running expenses of
the legislative, executive, and judicial depart-
ments nearly $2,600,000, the Navy $2,000,000,
the consular and diplomatic service nearly
$250,000, and the miscellaneous bill is rather
more than $10,000,000 less than the corre-
sponding bill passed at the last session of the
Forty-First Congress. The figures cannot be
yet given withaccuracy, but I know enough from
my experience as a member of the Committee
on Appropriations, having in charge all the
expenditures of the Government, to justify me
in saying that as low as the expenditures were
reduced last year under the consideration that
the Administration was entering upon it with
a reduction in the yearly revenue, derived from
all sources, of $85,000,000, just then taking
effect, and under the wise and skillful super-
vision of the gentleman frpm Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawks,] then chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, the expenditures for the
fiscal year ending July 1, 1873, will be still
further reduced by a sum shove rather than
below $12,000,0Q0. This, of course, will be
understood as applying to the regular expenses
of the Government, and including no payments
whatever upon the public debt.
Mr. Speaker, the present Administration is
in its fourth year, it is about being put on
trial in that greatest of forums, the popular
election of a President of the United States.
1 assume this because I believe it morally cer-
tain that General Grant will be' renominated
by acclamation at Philadelphia pn the 5th of
next June.
Now, one of the greatest claims which the
Administration has to the confidence and grati-
tude of the American people is that presented
in its conduct and management of the magnifi-
cent revenues of the Government. It claims
that the exhibit which I have given for a
single year is but a repetition of what it has
accomplished every year that it has had the
entire control of the Government since the
war ended. It claims that it has imposed
taxes,' not with that perfect wisdom tjiat comes
from above, but as fairly as the times and
exigencies would allow; that it has collected
the reyenues faithfully and at as little expense
as was practicable; that it has,jqdiciously
applied a large portion of the revenue to the
reduction of our national indebtedness, and
that it has been prudent and economical in
spending the money needed for the runniug ex-
penses of the Government. And it claims that
all this has been not a spasmodic effort, stimu-
lated by the approach of some popular elec-
tion, but a sustained and continued rule of
action, maintained through all these years of
its party ascendency.
Now, I propose to show how this has been
done, how continuously, and what has been
the result as bearing upon the three subjects
which I believe the American people have
most at heart:
1. The imposition and collection of taxes,
2. The cost of maintaining the Government.
3. The disposition of the national debt. _
And here some words as to the authorities
for the figures I shall use and tlje rtateWBft i
shall make. More or less pf these rest upon
laws that we have passed, which (require notkf 4
ing but the reading, and which yiH jiqt,
pose, be questioned. But the statements
returns made by the Treasury Department, as
found in its numerous reports comingfrom its
head, and also from its subordinate pf|,cials
annually, quarterly, monttly^ 4 ifipeyr
tain and unfixed periods of tiijj.e, Jftusj^ £.ftpr
all, be the source to which the p.Qliticiajj, t}§
public man, the statistician, ptpd me, 8ti)4eiit
must look for information a§ t'Q inipa£S-
njent of our finances for the p^st &,ev,en y.e^rg,
It has been the fashion fqr the Ppm^itjop
on this floor, and by its paost pQpiflar influ-
ential speakers and newspapers oiitgide, t.q
raise questions and to cast doubfs ^bop
reliability, the good faith, apd tlie tru|,Jifij}ne^
of these reports. ' The gentleman fr.OR) 01)1,9
[Mr. Morgan] and other gentlemen ^re'^evgjr
tired with arraigning the Treasury Department
for sending out false statements §.jia wrong
figures as to the condition of $e n.atJ,Qf}$
debt, the amount that has been paid upon
it at any given time, the reduction <af
principal and interest; and of course there is
involved in this accusation the charge of (Hud
as to the disposition of the .pnblie rey,enUe go
generously contributed by the people, F.or )£
the money has not gone where our books shof
it to have gone there is no way of accounting
fo,r, its disposition compatible with good felts'
and integrity. That I admit.
I may as well take up now this potter of,
the doubt raised by the Oppositiqq as tQ the
national debt and dispose of it, for the rcsgit
of the financial management qf the adminis-
tration of President Grant hinges upon the
result shovyn here, $i)d 1 coijld argue with n,o
security on other branehes_ of, expenditure
withqut a firm basis upon this. The ain.ouut
paid each year as interest and. toward the
reduction of the principal of the debt is bp
large and has been maintained with sq littU.
fluctuation that no man can analyze the expend-'
itures lor the three yean* of tlie present Ad-
ministration without knowing .exactly ,or with
3,11 approach to exactness wjjat portion of the
money has gone toward that reduction-
There are two officials whose statements w
to the national debt ha,ve given rise to the
doubts of my friend from Ohio, and to the
assertion that Mr. Bout well is deluding the
country by his exhibits. These ftre the^ Sec-
retary himself and the Register pi the I rea$~
ury. Undoubtedly this last official is subor-
dinate to the Secretary, and I am free to owi)
that all apparent confusion would have been
avoided had there been in the years past some
concert of action, some prearranged plan of
considering the debt from the same point of
view before presenting results to the pnblip-
But it seems to have been' the practice for
years for each officer to make his own fignre?
and make public his own statement, and while
one would take into account simply the amount
of indebtedness as shown by adding tqgBtHef
the amounts of the principal of all tlje jflgfls
outstanding against the Government, the other
would make the statement more complete, and
include a consideration of the principal and
accrued interest upon the one side, and upon
the other the cash assets in the Treasury, and
various kinds of nominal debts and loans
which are yet of Rtich a class that the people
need not look upon them as debts which must
at some time be lifted by taxation, lhe la§{
method will, of course, present the truest state-
ment of our real indebtedness at any giy'on-tjme.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. MotuuMJ
has made this charge of delusive figures $scif
cuinstautially as I have ever seen it made in 9,
speech on this floor during the present session.
His first alleged discrepancy in the state-
ment of the amount of the national dgg| j§
