472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
lished,) I feel that the claims of the contest-
ants, merely as individuals, sink into insig-
nificance in comparison to the importance of
these other interests. It is one of the sover-
eignties of this Union, with a population of
half a million people, which asks to be heard
on this floor. I do not believe this honorable
body will tarn the State of Arkansas out of
this House without a hearing, and I know they
will not when they understand even a scintilla
of the evidence which my colleague [Mr.
Edwards] proposes to adduce, and which I
feel certain, from my personal familiarity with
the circumstances, he can adduce.
Now, sir, it may not be improper for me to
state some of the evidence which he desires
to present, and which he would have adduced
long ago had he been permitted the opportun-
ity to do so. I ask special attention to the
statement which I shall make, and as to a few
of the facts my colleague [Mr. Edwards] pro-
poses to prove, and what I believe confidently
he can prove even in less than the five days
which is asked under the resolution I have sub-
mitted. The facts heproposes to show are these:
that every one of the coordinate branches of
the government of the State of Arkansas have
at different times virtually decided this ques-
tion in favor of Mr. Edwards, and in lavor
of his right to a seat upon this floor. It is such
evidence as my colleague desires to present for
the consideration of the House. This very
fact indicates how much importance the peo-
ple of the State of Arkansas will probably
attach to this inquiry, and to the ultimate de-
cision of this question. They have already
decidcd that neither directly nor indirectly has
he been dishonestly or corruptly certified as a
member of this House but that he is elected
to it by the fair and legal vote of the people.
The supreme court of the State of Arkansas,
on mandamus, had the question of fraudulent
elections in the tenth Assembly district of
Arkansas, where the contestant received his
majority, if he received it at all, before them,
and they decided that certain returns of elec-
tion from that district, as well as the elections
held therein, were null and void. But the
votes thus declared null and void are counted
by contestant in making up the majority he
claims. Both branches of the General Assem-
bly, on account of contested-election cases in
their respective bodies, were compelled also
to investigate the alleged election frauds in
said district. The finding of these two houses
was in accordance with that of the supreme
court, and they solemnly declared that certain
votes cast in said district, and out of which the
contestant proposes to make his majority, were
illegal, null and void.
Then, when the Executive of the State came
canvass and count the votes, with a view
to determining whether Mr. Boles or Mr.
Edwards was legally entitled to the certificate
of election, he found in his office two sets of
returns from various precincts in said district.
Of course both could not be legal, as the law
authorized but one ballot-box at each precinct.
How was the Executive to determine this mat-
ter? How was he to determine which one of
these returns should be counted? He very
naturally and very justly followed the decision,
as I think, of the supreme court and both
houses of the General Assembly, and refused
to count those returns and votes which had
thus been decided illegal, null and void. This
reduced the vote of Judge Boles and gave Gen-
eral Edwards a legal majority; and hence
the Governor was bound to issue to General
Edwards the certificate, as he did. General
Edwards furtherdesiresto prove, and I believe
can prove, that violence and fraud almost un-
heard of were perpetrated upon the ballot-box
and at the election in said district, and which
fraud and violence resulted in giving Judge
• Boles the vote he claims.
This is what General Edwards desires to
show to this honorable body; and I will say
right here, Mr. Speaker, that, leaving these
contestants out of consideration, it_ will be
difficult for the people of Arkansas, it will be
difficult for the party in that State to which I
have the honor to belong, to understand why
in this grand council of the nation, on an
important case involving the_ whole State gov-
ernment, they should be denied a hearing. It
will be difficult for me when I return to those
people to explain how and why it was an
opportunity was refused to Mr. Edwards to
adduce the evidence which is so necessary to
the just decision of this question. Therefore
I believe this honorable House will grant what
is asked in the resolution which I have just
introduced. I believe it is due to my State.
I believe it is due to the people of Arkansas,
due to the judiciary, due to the Legislature,
and due to the executive department of the
State of Arkansas. We have the evidence,
and we only ask the privilege of introducing
it, that this honorable body may judge of the
merits of this contest. This honorable House
desires information, and must have it before
they can come to a correct conclusion and do
themselves and the parties contestant justice.
Without desiring to weary the patience of
the House, I will briefly state further that in
one of the districts, which is called " the tenth
Assembly district," all this trouble has arisen.
It is charged that corruption and fraud were
perpetrated there in the conduct of the elec-
tion in said district, through and by which this
contestant obtained his pretended majority.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will say that, as a mem-
ber of the senate committee on elections in
my Slate, it became my duty to investigate
this same question of fraud and violence at
the elections in said district, and I, with the
balance of the committee, was impelled to
the same conclusion that the supreme court
had previously arrived at, and as the Legisla-
ture subsequently, through a joint committee,
determined solemnly by their vote.
Next the Governor, who now occupies the
distinguished position of United States Sena-
tor, taking these precedents, determined the
question accordingly. Thus it will be seen
that every department of the State govern-
ment did, at different times and under differ-
ent circumstances, decide that the votes east
in said district, and by virtue of which Judge
Boles claims his majority, were illegal, null
and void. The supreme court, the Legisla-
ture, and the Governor, after careful investiga-
tion, all came to the conclusion, it seems, that
Mr. Edwards is entitled to this seat: and I
venture the assertion that there is not a single
gentleman in the United States who, after in-
vestigating all the facts of the case, would not
come to the same decision ; and further, that
there is 110 honest man, if he had been acting
as Governor, who would not, had he been
situated as Governor Claytox was, who issued
a certificate to General Edwards, have decided
as he did. In this particular district to which
I have referred, at some precincts there were
two ballot-boxes opened, and there were two
returns made out by two different sets of
judges. When they came to the executive
office it was impossible to tell which was
correct. It was impossible for the Governor
to say that the elections held at these precincts
were both legal. He had to determine the
question, and naturally and legally, I think, he
followed the decision of the supreme court and
of the Legislature of the State of Arkansas.
I will state further that our election law m
Arkansas provides, in the first place, that the
government shall appoint registrars, and that
those registrars shall appoint the judges of
the election. Those judges of election, at eight
o'clock a. m., I believe, are to proceed to open
the ballot-boxes, and if they fail to perform
this requirement at said hour, then the by-
standers may proceed to elect judges from their
number and proceed with the election.
_ But as the law does not determine whose
time-piece shall indicate legal time, it is verv
easy to see how men who want to control the
ballot-boxes and perpetrate fraud can dis-
agree as to the precise time when eight o'clock
shall arrive. One man's watch indicates five
minutes after eight, another's ten minutes past
eight, and another's fifteen minutes; but it will
be conceded that no court would permit an
otherwise legal proceeding to be set aside from
such petty and futile considerations. But, sir,
I am informed that a mob, on the night pre-
vious to the election, intending to take advan-
tage of this feature of the law as to the hour
for opening the elections, stationed themselves
at various precincts in the district before
referred to, and long before the hour of eight
o'clock had arrived, and before the legally
appointed judges were upon the ground, pro-
claimed, perhaps as early as seven o'clock,
that the hour for opening the election had
arrived; that the regular judges were not pres-
ent; and proceeded then to elect a board of
judges, and these judges took the votes which
now are claimed as composing Mr. Boles's
majority. The legally constituted judges came
in due time and opened also their polls, except
where they were prevented by violence of the
mob, as they were in several precincts, as I
understand. Now, sir, these votes taken by
this pretended board, elected by the by-stand-
ers, are the very votes decided to be illegal,
null and void by the supreme court, both
houses of the Legislature, and necessarily, at
a subsequent period, by the Governor. I am
informed that these " by-standers," who pre-
tended to elect these judges, were in waiting
at the polls all the night previous, with the
view of perpetrating the fraud and violence
before indicated. lea, sir, they were on the
alert by the dawn of day. And when a few of
the desperate and disappointed leaders of the
party present said the hour of eight o'clock
had arrived, they claimed the right to elect
judges, and proceeded, by hoodwinking un-
lettered voters, to take their votes, and in
this way to ex'eate a pretended majority for
their ticket. If the contestant in this case is
so unfortunate as to have been the recipient
of a number of illegal rotes, so declared by
the supreme court and by the Legislature, I
am sure I cannot help it.
Now, these are some of the facts which Gen-
eral Edwards believes he can prove, and hopes
he will be permitted to do so. On the merits
of the case, Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to
speak at this time, but I do ask, as a citizen
of Arkansas; I do ask, as one of the people
of my State, that the investigation be not
throttled. I ask that the whole case may come
into the House on its merits and have a fair
hearing on both sides. We only ask five days.
Will gentlemen refuse, us that small request?
Will they say to five hundred thousand people
in the State of Arkansas, "We will not grant
you five days to take such testimony in the
city of Washington as we may be able to pro-
cure?" For we are not asking to go home to
the State where they live to take this testi-
mony. I believe this House will not refuse
this time. I know that this testimony is needed
in order that the question may be determined
equitably and with justice; and if the House
will give us the five days we ask for, we will
be perfectly content with its decision.
I move the previous question.
Mr. HAZLBTON, of Wisconsin. I have
a resolution which I desire to offer as a sub-
stitute.
_ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pre-
vious question having been demanded, the
resolution of the gentleman from Wisconsin
would not be in order, unless the House should
second the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. laskthe
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Sxyder] to
withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion, that 1 may offer my amendment.
Mr. SNYDER. When I understand what
the gentleman's amendment is, I can then
determine whether I should withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
