I
1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3161
* the money value of all clothing overdrawn by
L the soldier beyond his allowance shall be
charged against him, every six months, 011 the
i muster-roll of his company, or on his final
statements if sooner discharged. The amount
■ due him for clothing, he having drawn less
than his allowance, shall not be paid to him
: until his final discharge from the service.
. The bill in its fourth section provides that
the system of deposits' herein established shall
be carried into execution under such regula-
- tions as may be established by the Secretary
of War.
The bill in the fifth section provides that
the amount of deposits and clothing balances
accumulated to the soldier's credit under the
provisions of sections one and three of this
bill shall, when payable to the soldier upon
his discharge, be paid out of the appropria-
tion for pay of the Army for the then current
fiscal year.
The bill in its sixth section provides that
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the
provisions of this act are' hereby repealed.
The amendment of the committee was read
as follows:
Strike out all after the word " provided," in line
sixteen, down to and including the word "further,"
in line twenty-five of the first section, to-wit, these
words:
That every paymaster in the Army, before receiv-
ing on deposit any money under the provisions of
this act, shall give to the United States a bond, with
two or more sureties to be approved by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in such sum as he may deem
sufficient, with the condition that the money by
such paymaster received as aforesaid shall be faith-
fully accounted lor as other public moneys in his
hands. Such bonds shall be joint and several, and
may be sued upon in any district or circuit court
of the United States: And provided further.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JIcCORMICK, of Missouri. I wish
to make one inquiry with regard to the
money reserved in the hands of paymasters.
Is it subject or not subject to the debts of
the soldiers ?
Mr. COBURN. It is not subject to their
debts. It is only forfeited by desertion. The
object is to preserve a fund in the hands of
the Government in order to retain these men
in the service. The title of the bill indicates
that its purpose is to prevent desertion. If
these men have money deposited in a safe
place, in the hands ofan officer of the Govern-
ment, there is not half the inducement for
them to deserl, that there is now when they can
settle up and go off with all oftheir pay. Some-
thing like this was formerly the system; money
was paid into the hands of paymasters or cer-
tain officers of the Government, and on the
discharge of the soldier it was paid over to
him. But an act of Congress a year or two
pinee required all such moneys to be covered
into the Treasury, and the system ended.
Mr. ARCHER. Allowroetoinquire whether
after deposit is made by the soldier the Gov-
ernment or the paymaster is liable for it?
Mr. COBURN. The Government is liable
for it.
Mr. ARCHER. Then in case of a default-
ing paymaster the soldier would lose the
money'?
Mr. COBURN. He would not.
Mr. ARCHER. The Government would
lose it?
Mr, COBURN. The Government would
look to the bond of the paymaster. The Gov-
ernment stands responsible to the soldier, and
the bond of the paymaster is to make the
Government secure in regard to him.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
read a third time; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table,
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY LEAVE.
Mr. COBURN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation that
the same do pass, House bill No. 1467, to
amend the thirty-first section of an act entitled
An act for enrolling and calling out the
national militia, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1863.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time
The bill, which was read, provides that all
officers on duty at any point west of a line
drawn north and south through Omaha City
and north of a line drawn east and west upon
the southern boundary of Arizona shall be
allowed sixty days' leave of absence without
deduction of pay or allowances; provided
that the same is taken but once in two years.
Mr. COBURN. I will explain briefly the
object of this bill. There are a large number
of officers who are stationed on the plains and
away from railroads in the far West. At
present it takes about all of thirty days to come
to their homes and return to their posts of
duty. _ It is impossible, therefore, for them to
get this leave of absence, enjoy it, and derive
any advantage of the law which allows them
to receive full pay during their absence. If
they take more than thirty days' leave they are
cut down to half pay. This bill provides that
if once in two years they can obtain sixty days'
leave of absence they shall receive the full
benefit of it; the same as officers who live
nearer home. The line of division is west of
Omaha ar.d north of the south line of Arizona.
Some men stationed there have been there for
years, and are virtually deprived of the benefit
of a furlough. They are among the mostmerit-
orious officers, and deserve consideration.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Several officers
have been to me in regard to this subject in
the course of the last two or three years, and
I agree that some legislation is needed. But
I want to ask whether it would not be well to
provide, if a man waits, for instance, four
years without taking any leave of absence,
that he may at the end of that time have a
longer leave of absence; that is, if he chooses
to serve a term of three or four years without
leave, at the end of that time he may take a
leave of absence for three or four months. I
know a great many officers who would be very
glad to have that right, and who would remain
steadily on their posts during the whole period
of service it' by that means they conld have a
leave at the end of that time long.enough to be
of some service to him. If they are obliged
to use their leave during each year, it would
of course be too short to be of much service to
them. I think they should be allowed to take
a commutation of leave, so as once in four
years or three years to have a much longer
leave of absence.
Mr. COBURN. I do not know that there
is any objection to that. If the gentleman
desires to offer an amendment of that kind,
I suppose the committee would not object.
But we thought it sufficient to provide for a
leave once in two years. If the gentleman
chooses to move an amendment so as to give
a leave of ninety days in case a furlough is
taken only once in three years, I will not
object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Make it four
months at the end of four years' service ; that
woald give a man an opportunity to go to
Europe if he wished.
Mr. COBURN. I have no objection if a
faithful officer can obtain leave of absence
from the War Department for that length of
time. It is all a matter of discretion at any
rate ; it is not a matter of right. I see no rea-
son why he should not have it if the Depart-
ment deems it proper to give it to him. If a
war was imminent or existing, or any other
pressing necessity, of course it would not be
granted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Of course in
such a case as that leave would not be granted.
Mr. DDNNliLL. 1 understand that the
custom now is just in accordance with the pro-
visions of this bill. I know myself an Army
officer who is now having a five months' vaca-
tion because he has served five years without
leave of absence. I think that this bill will
be of no practical avail, as an officer who has
served four years gets now his four months'
leave once in four years.
Mr. COBURN. He cannot get more than
one month's leave at one time and receive his
regular pay. If he takes longer than that, he
loses his pay. The object of this bill is to
enable meritorious officers who have been
serving on the distant frontier to have the
full benefit of furloughs longer than a month.
What good does it do a man to start from
Idaho, Montana, or Oregon to come here on
thirty days' leave except to pay his expenses
and then go right back ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
by adding the following :
That the leave ofabsence may be extended to three
months, iftaken oaeein three years,orfour months,
if taken opce in four years.
Mr. COBURN. I am afraid that under this
amendment the provision for officers taking
their leave once in two years is stricken out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let that be re-
tained. This does not affect that.
Mr. TAFFE. I am not certain as to the
effect of this measure with reference to troops
at the barracks at Omaha. I suggest to the
gentleman to have the bill recommitted. It can
be reported again to-morrow night.
Mr. COBURN. Officers stationed at Omaha
enjoy railroad connections with all parts of the
country. This bill is intended to provide for
those who are out on the frontier away from
railroads. Omaha is only forty-eight hours'
travel from this city. From Omaha you can
reach almost any central point of the United
States in a day or two. The object of this bill
is to give to officers at points where there are
not railroad connection advantages which they
have not now.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and und&r the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENGINEER SOLDIERS ON EXTRA DIITV.
Mr. COBURN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 2227) to
regulate the employment of engineer soldiers
on extra duty.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
enlisted men of engineers in the Army shall
be placed on the same footing with respect to
compensation for extra-duty service as the
other enlisted men of the Army, and that all
laws or parts of laws in conflict with this pro-
vision be repealed.
Mr. COBURN. The only object of this bill
is that men on extra duty in the engineer ser-
vice shall be placed on the same footing, as
to pay, with men in the infantry, artillery, or
cavalry service. Strange to say, under the
existing law, men detailed for engineer service,
who are required to have more skill and intel-
ligence than any other class of soldiers, get,
while on such service, less pay. The object of
this measure is to put them on an exact equal-
ity with all other soldiers of the same class in
other branches of the Army. The bill is mani-
festly just, and should be passed at once.
In further explanation of the bill I submit
the following:
Headquarters Corps of Engineers,
Washington, January 9, 186S.
General : I have the honor to inclose herewith
two sections of a proposed law and item of appro-
priation upon which legislation is needed fur the
service of the battalion of engineer troops.
The first proposed section provides a commissary
sergeant and two principal musicians, and in sup-
