1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4057
and I propose to put that language in here.
I intended, in order to make it plain, to have
it read in this way :
On all paper and manufactures of paper, includ-
ing books and other printed matter not herein spe-
cittcally provided for, twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
Or whatever rate the Senate may agree to;
or leave the language as it is, then it receives
the ten per cent, reduction ; and then add the
amendment I offered the other day, and -what
didthat do ? While your books wereat twenty-
five percent, ad valorem, receiving a reduction
of ten per Cent., making it twenty-two and a
half per cent., put the sized paper and books
precisely on an equality, because your reduc-
tion of ten per cent, on the twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem made it twenty-two and a
half per cent. Hence I put it at that, so as to
have an equality. But- it' you do not reduce ;
if you think there is a difference between the
price of sized and unsized paper, make one
twenty-two per cent, ad valorem, and leave
the other at twenty per cent, ad valorem, as it
is now in the law.
There is no reason why we cannot provide
so that we can understand this thing. We
Can do it just as you have in the law heretofore
artd there is no difficulty about it. The prin-
ciple I maintain and have maintained all the
time is this: that it does put us in a false
position to receive books and printed matter
in this country at twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem and then charge thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem on the very article on which they
are printed. I think it is absurd. Here is
the raw material paying thirty-five per cent.
and the materia! after it is worked up paying
twenty-five per cent. Now, I think that the
■ tariff on books is high enough. I am not for
increasing it. Wo have been decreasing the
tariff on everything else; hence, I would vote
to decrease it on books by taking off ten per
cent., the same as everything else. I do not
think we ought to have a high tariff on litera-
ture and matters of that kind. I think it is
objectionable. Hence, 1 will vote for the re-
duction of the ten per cent, on books; at the
same time I will ask the Senate to adopt an
amendment. Now, if the Senate disagrees to
the amendment that I proposed the other day,
which was to equalize unsized paper with the
publication of books, if they were reduced ten
percent., I have drawn up another amend-
ment which I think ought to satisfy all, in these
words:
Provided, That a duty of twenty per cent, ad
valorem shall be collected on all sized paper import-
ed into the United States exclusively used for print-
ing newspapers, books, magazines, and pamphlets,
and on all unsized paper to be exclusively used as
aforesaid, twenty percent, ad valorem.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor has spoken live minutes.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Illinois a question. I do not understand that
that is any change in what was passed yester-
day.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly. I hope the Sen-
ate will not undo what was passed the other
day.
Mr. NYE. There is no proposition to do it.
Mr. LOGAN. I make no proposition to do
it; but Isay if the Senate disagree to this prop-
osition, then I shall offer this" other proposi-
tion, and I hope the Senate will not disagree
to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. SCOTT. Are we now voting upon the
amendment relating to books only, or does it
include books and paper?
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will first read the amendment as it-stands
and then the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. There are really two amend-
ments.
Mr. SHERMAN.
ing.
My proposition is pend-
The Chief Ci.erk. The amendment to the
amendment is:
On all paper and manufactures of paper not herein
specifically provided for, except books and other
printed matter.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish it to be under-
stood, those who are in favor of reducing the
duty on books ten per cent, in order to get at
it must vote down the amendment offered by
my colleague, and then vote to non-concur in
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole. So those who are in favor of reduc-
ing the duty on books ten per cent, must vote
against the amendment offered.by my col-
league.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, what has
become of the provision as it was adopted in
committee? I understood that the Senator
from Ohio nearest the Chair [Mr. Sherman]
offered the same amendment so corrected in
language as not to be contradictory of itself.
That was agreed to by general consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is now open. It
has not yet been acted on.
Mr. CASSERLY. Had that been agreed
to it would have simply taken the place of
the amendment of the committee, and then
we could have dealt with that precisely as
though the amendment of the committee were
before us.
Air. SHERMAN. X doubt if the Senate
could amend it afterward. You had better
ask the Chair about that. I think those who
desire to make the reduction in books and
other printed matter as upon other things
ought to vote " no " against any amendment.
Those who believe that books ought, to be kept
at their present rate, twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem, ought to vote "ay." That is all
there is about it. It is a very simple proposi-
tion.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is worth while to find
out where we stand. I ask the Clerk to read
that part of the bill precisely as it came from
the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, made the followiug amend-
ment, commencing on line thirty-six of sec-
tion two, inserting after the word "paper'[—
And manufactures of paper, except books and other
printed matter not herein specifically provided for:
Provided, That the duty on printing paper, whether
sized or unsized, shall be equal and twenty-two
and a half per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now, sir, regularly the
motion would be to concur or non-concur with
that, as I understand the practice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question ; but the Senator from Ohio moves
an amendment to the amendment before tak-
ing the vote on concurrence.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is that in order? Is
that a regular mode of proceeding?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is. The
original question before the Senate is the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, which has just been read ; and to that
the Senator from Ohio moves an amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. He moves to concur with
an amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He moves
an amendment to the amendment, and then
the question of concurrence will come up after-
ward.
Mr. CASSERLY. That amendment which
he moves by way of concurrence therefore is
not liable to be amended?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
It is an amendment in the second degree.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand, then, those
in favor of including books in the general
reduction of ten per cent, will vote against the
proposition of the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio to the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Chandler, Clay-
ton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Fenton, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gifbert, 11am-
lin, llowc, Morrill of Vermont, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, Sprague, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Caldwell,
Casserly, Ferry of Connecticut, Goldtlnvaite, Ham-
ilton of Maryland. Hill, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly,
Logan, Norwood, Nye, Pool, Saulsbury, Stockton,
'Xhurman, Tipton. Trumbull, and Vickers,—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, JEI'itehcouk, Lewis,Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Potneroy,
Pratt, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Schurz,
Spencer, Stevenson, Stewart, Sumner, West, Wm-
dom, and Wright—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to amend that
amendment by striking out the word " except"
and inserting instead of it the word ''includ-
ing." The effect of that would be to make the
amendment as it was reported by the Com-
mittee oil Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
in Committee of the Whole as amended.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, may I know what
it is?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Chief Clesk. The amendment as
amended reads:
On all paper and manufactures of paper, includ-
ing books and other printed matter, not herein
specifically provided for: Provided, That the duty
on printing paper, whether sized or unsized, shall
be.equal, and twenty-two and a half per cent, ad
valorem. t
Mr. SHERMAN. That last proviso was
stricken out from there and put in another
place. It is incongruous there. I move to
strike out that proviso. It ought to be inserted
in another place, because, this being the ten
per cent, reduction, there ought to be no spe-
cial provision left here.
Mr. LOGAN. Where should it come in ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It should. come in on
page 11.
Mr. LOGAN. The motion carries it there
I suppose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike it out
here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is not
necessary to have a motion. General consent
can place it where it ought to be.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, let it be properly
placed by general consent.
Mr. CONKLING. We do not want to place
it there so that it shall not be voted on.
Mr. LOGAN. You will vote on it. We
only want to vote on it in the right place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
to strike out the proviso.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. Where should it come in ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. After line
eighty-four of section four, on page 11.
Mr. LOGAN. I will move it after line
eighty-four, and I will change the proposition
to read in this way : ,
A duty of twenty-two per cent, ad valorem shall
be collected on afl sized paper imported into the
United States exclusively used for printing news-
papers, books, magazines, and pamphletsand on
ail unsized paper, to be used as aforesaid, twenty
per eent. ad valorem.
I do that for this reason: that is the tariff
on the unsized paper at the present time ; and
inasmuch as I move this on principle, I do
not desire to raise the tariff on anything, but
