1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is m
cerity of their declarations they appealed to
nature and to nature's God. And one of the
paramount causes which impelled them
dissolve their connection with the British king
was his policy to "render the military inde-
pendent of and superior to t}ie ciyil power."
In contrast with this, what is our condition
now? The whole order of things is reversed
and relapsed, ^he wfyole history pf oar po-
litical formation is belied; and by the letter,
spirit, and policy of the acts just enumerated
the familiar enforcement of the statute law is
not chiefly by the courts, but especially by the
military power, called from, the field of glory
to the office of the constable and the jailor.
Civil power has gone down. Military power
has gone up. War upon the people is the
policy for the enforcement of those statutes.
The relation of the Government and the peo-
ple is assumed to be that of war; and by the
statute the dealings o,f the former with the
latter are put permanently upon a war footing.
Startling as this may possibly seem to the man
who has been sleeping upon the brink of peril,
it is but too true ; for upon the face of those
statutes he may read language like this:
" That it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States, or such, person as lie may empower
for that purpose, to employ such part of the land or
naval forces of the United States, or of the militia,
as shall be necessary to prevent the violation and
enforce the due execution of this act."
Powerful party leaders, themselves the arch-
itects, the depositories, arid the executors of
this stupendous accumulation of forces, boldly
justify it, and defiantly wield it all. Nor
do they relent or pause in the career of accu-
mulation. Confounding the Constitution with
the Government, they exultingly exclaim the
capacity of the Constitution was never before
known. Emboldened by impunity, insolent in
a ratio with the credulity or the submission of
a forbearing people, they still climb to dizzier
summits and conspire for broader conquests.
Impelling agencies and controlling resources
more potential and unlimited than those of
any other despotism now in existence, they
reasonably calculate that constitutions are less
formidable and public virtue less dangerous
now than at stages of progress in their career
which they have long since left far in their
rear. And the warlike aspect of their rule on
occasions becomes less insinuating and more
brusk and pronounced.
But in the whole desolating career of this
lamentable business, in all the dread havoc of
the most venerated, the most valuable, and
the most sacred of our institutions, principles,
and traditions, no deluge of encroachment
has been so wanton, pitiless, and malign as
that of the act of April 20,1871. It is the
graveyard of constitutional freedom. It is the
millennium of centralism in which Satan is
unbound. Under it every small boat that was
left floating above the general wreck may at
any moment be scuttled and sunk. The caor-
dinate departments of central power itself are
potentially if not expressly consolidated, and
the discretionary power formally proclaimed
in the Executive, with the sword, the musket,
and the cannon, if he shall see fit, to sweep from
the pathway of power alike individuals and
communities. Invested with this omnipotent
prerogative, no constitution, no statute, no
tribunal may trammel him, no territory limit
him, and no individual share his functions,
save only him whom he may at any moment
have shot to death for insubordination. In its
exercise he chooses his own time, designates
his own localities, and nominates his own vic-
tims. Who is authorized by the act to fix or
change his time, who to prescribe or restrict
his localities, who to multiply or diminish his
victims? Not even the department which
sanctioned this law, in time, in place, or in
personnel, forms an exception to its universal-
ity, or an exemption from its stroke.
" If the acts before specified should stand, these
conclusions would flow from them: that the General
Government may place any act they think proper
on the list of crimes, and punish it themselves,
whether enumerated or not enumerated by the
Constitution as cognizable by them; that they may
transfer its cognizance to the President or any other
person, who may himself be the accuser, counsel,
judge, and jury; whose suspicious may be the evi-
dence, his order the sentence, his office the exequ-
tioner, and his breast tlie sole record of tjie trans-
action. And every barrier of the Constitution thus
swept away from hs all, no rampart now remains."—
Jefferson-
But it is said nohody is hurt and the world
wags on. This is equally true amid the enorm-
ities of Russia, Turkey, and China. If un-
limited power hurts no one, if it is fittingly
intrusted in any man, if it is ever safe in free-
men to sanction it, it is a pity our ancestors
were not so informed ; it would have saved
them a vast amount of blood, anguish, toil,
and expense, and it would have, on some ac-
counts, proved a most convenient thing in their
day, for there were Titans in those days, there
was actual freedom then, and we have been
told freedom is the nursery of the great. True,
there are great men now ; but it is no reproach
not to be able to see it. Some of us see it
every day—I mean great accumulators of
power and other movables. However, Mr.
Jefferson said, and all the great founders of
our institutions agreed with him, that confi-
dence in rulers is the parent of despotism, and
hence the institutions they builded were man-
acled with restrictions from top to bottom,
within and without; and one of them said, and
they all concurred, that "experience is the
oracle of truth ; and where its responses are
unequivocal they ought to be conclusive and
sacred." (Madison.)
Money is vital to both good and bad govern-
ments. It has been said, "Revenue is the
State." But when the money power in a great
country is placed, by the contrivances of cen-
tralization, in the hands of a grasping combin-
ation of individuals and associations, and the
Government forms an alliance with that com-
bination, or, in a manner, consolidates it with
the machinery of the Administration, that may,
at pleasure, increase or diminish the volume
of the currency, and expand or contract the
business, and otherwise mold it, t,he whole
property, commerce, and industry of the coun-
try, in all their ramifications, tremble in its
grasp.
" Never was an engine invented better calculated
to place the destiny of the many in the bands of the
few, or less favorable to that equality and independ-
ence which lie at the bottom of our free institu-
tions."—Calhoun.
This is a theme of vast dimensions. I can-
not enlarge upon it here. It is of fearful
import to the House and the country at this
juncture. The Government and the money
power are not fit to live together in this per-
nicious way. The people went to sleep in the
lap of this Delilah, and the Government has
taken and led them away, and they know the
sequel of the sacred story.
By the act of June 3,1864, that alliance and
consolidation of the moneyed power and the
central power was formed, and has been sub-
sequently strengthened. I cannot linger to
scrutinize the plans and designs and recipro-
cal offices of this fearful alliance, offensive and
defensive, against the people. But what are
some of its portentous proportions?
In October, 1871, the money power had in
existence seventeen hundred and sixty-seven
banks, posted at salient points and commer-
cial centers all over the country, numerously
and ably officered and administered. In one
form and another they commanded resources
and operated an avowed capital upon the trade,
industry, property, and production of the
country - equal to the enormous sum. of
$1,730,566,899 72.
This stupendous combination exists solely
by the will of the central power. By means
of ruinous taxation the latter struck down or
paralyzed all institutions that might rival or
compete with it under State charters. Its
mighty and ail-pervadmg influence is con-
stantly exerted in ways open and unseen in
aid of its creator and ally. It may be said to
be a part of centralism; to be dependent upon
it for its existence, its priyileges, apd its enorm-
ous profits, and therefore to be consolidated
with it.
On February 1, 1872, by its alliance with
the bondholders and others, the Grovernment
further controlled iu its own and in the h^nds '
of its creditors, alike dependent on it, an addi-
tional money power amounting to $2,823,548,-
295 44, which added to the amount Controlled
by it through its subgeryient national banks,
amounts to the sum of $4,054,115,196 J6.
And during the fiscal year ending JllPe 30,
1871, it appears the Government had received
from ^11 sources, mainly through its merciless
exactions upon the resources of the people,
the sum of $980,904,349 30, which sum, when
added to the sums controlled through the na-
tional banks and national bondholders, makes
the enormous sum of $5,035,019,544 46 in the
nature of money power alone, which it annually
and hourly wields in this country as a, part only
of that overshadowing centralism which it is
day by day fortifying and extending.
I have no time to proceed, and I leave, off
as I began:
"Let the national Government be intrusted with
the defense of the nation, and its foreign and Federal
relations; the State governments with the civil
rights, laws, police, and administration of what con-
cerns the State generally; the counties with_the
local concerns of the counties; and each ward direct
the interests within itself. It is by dividing and
subdividing these republics from the great national
one down through all its subordinations, until "it
ends in the administration of every man's farm by
himself; by placing under every one what his own
eye may superintend, that all will be done for the
best. - What has destroyed liberty and the rights of
man in every government which has evet existed
under the sun? The generalizing and concentrating
all cares and powers into one body."—Jefferson.
I now yield the remainder of my time to my
colleague, [Mr. Beok.]
TEXAS POLITICS.
Mr. BECK. I do not expect to occupy the
time of the House very long. I asked my col-
league [Mr. Authuk] to yield to me before I
was advised what the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Ci.ark] was likely to say, he having
notified me to be present, as he intended
to make some remarks of a, somewhat per-
sonal nature between him and myself. In the
course of his speech, however, he has confined
himself to what I said about the political
action of his Governor. Having done so, I
do not feel that I am required to do more than
to show that what I said relative to that Gov-
ernor was true, or that I had good reason to
believe it was.
I have nothing to do with the personal
character of Governor Davis. I do not know
him personally. The gentleman [Mr. Clark]
says he was on this floor at the time I made
my first speech in which I denounced the
conduct and actions of all these Governors.
I admit I was not then aware of his presence.
If I had supposed he was the guest of the
House, as the gentleman says he was, know-
ing that he had no right to spejk here, per-
haps I would not have spoken of him as I did.
I was speaking of the official acts of the man,
and I was satisfied then and now, from the
evidence before me, that what I said was fully
warranted by the facts. He may have been as
gallant a soldier as ever lived. The gentle-
man says he was. I do not know anything
about that. My own political record, to which
he refers, may not be as satisfactory to the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Clark] as that of
Governor Davis. I care nothing Qbout that
either.
I was dealing in my former speech, and pro-
pose to do so in what I may now say, with the
public official acts and character of that officer,
I repeat that Texas under the administration
of Davis was perhaps the worst governed State
in the Union, and that the acts and orders of
that Governor were a disgrace to American
civilization, being utterly subversive of every
principle of civil liberty or individual right.
I characterized his conduct in language as
