4058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
to reduce it on this below the tariff on books.
The duty on books is reduced twenty percent.,
which reduces it to twenty-two and a half per
cent, advalorem. Now,under the amendment
adopted by the Senate, books pay twenty two
arid a half per cent, ad valorem. Hence, 1
propose that this paper shall pay twenty-two
per cent, ad valorem at the suggestion of
the Senator from Vermont, who said that the
one half per cent, would be troublesome, that
it would be better to have it either one way or
the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I move as an
amendment to that the proposition I sent up
to the Chair some time ago, to strike it all out
and insert a substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is
proposed to be inserted will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment so as to make it read:
On all sized or glued paper suitable only for print-
ing paper, twenty-five per cent, ud valorem,
Mr. LOGAN. I merely wish to make this
suggestion to the Senator: that amendment
increases the duty on paper above that now
on books according to the amendment just
adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true; but the
present duty on this kind of paper is thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem, and if we reduce it
to twenty-live per cent., it is an enormous
reduction. At any rate, I would like.to have
a vote on that. I am willing to test the sense
of the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I think the raw material
should not pay more than the printed matter
after it is printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. A great many books are
made of -unsized paper. The whole body of
the cheap literature that is brought to us from
England is printed on utisized paper, and
therefore the duty on that is fixed by our pre-
vious action at eighteen per cent-
Mr. LOGAN. Twenty per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; it is reduced frbm
twenty to eighteen. , '
Mr. LOGAN. That is, by the ten per cent,
reduction .we reduce the duty on unsized paper
to eighteen per cent. Then you make a dis-
tinction of seven per cent, between sized and
unsized paper used for the same purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is another criti-
cism on the phraseology of the Senator's
amendment. It speaks of sized paper used
for certain purposes. As a matter of course
you cannot tell the use of the paper after it is
imported. You must only say "suitable for
use" or "adapted for use as printing paper."
You cannot make the tax depend upon the
use. . , "
Mr. NYE. Is not this the question that
was settled yesterday in full Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not.think it was
settled.
Mr. LOGAN. We settled it by a vote on
the yeas and nays.'
Mr. SHERMAN. We settled the question
that we would not reduce the tax on books;
but now by a bare quorum we have reduced
the tax on books ten per cent.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not understand that it
was settled before on books.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, it was voted expressly
to except books from the operation of the ten
per cent, reduction.
Mr. CONKHNG. Having said a word
about this, and it being a question that some
of iny constituents are largely interested in,
I ask the indulgence of the Senate lor a
moment.
Two considerations are commended to us
by those who favor the amendment of the Sen-
aior from Illinois. First, it is said "we have
reduce'd or are to reduce the duty on books
ten per cent.; that unless this amendment is
adopted the duty on the raw material will be
higher than the duty on books, as if there was
something necessarily objectionable in that.
I will not argue it; but I say that not only our
experience, but the experience of all civilized
nations affirms the propriety of just that. The
tariff on books should be as much as is re-
quired; but there is and should be no reference
between the duty on books and the duty on
the raw material entering into books. Books
should be taxed as such ; paper as such. •
I have said that the legislation of civilized
nations bears me out. Now let me say that
I have taken pains to inform myself about
this. Books are tree in Belgium while paper
pays a duty. Throughout the Zollverein books
are free, but paper glued pays a duty, and
paper unglued pays a less duty. Austria lays
one rate of duty upon unglued and a duty of
fifty per cent, higher on glued paper, while
books are at a less rate than glued paper.
Switzerland imposes nearly seven times the
duty on paper .that is laid on books. In
Sweden books are free, but paper pays a duty.
In Russia books are free, but paper pays one
rate of duty, sized paper another, and writing
paper two to four times the amount paid on
other kinds.
I forbear to comment further on this, in
order to enable myself in the residne of the
time to make a remark touching another point.
The amendment of the honorable Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] does, I submit to
him, in spite of all his ingenuity in phrase-
ology, admit at twenty-two p,er cent, all
writing paper that anybody choioses to import.
My friend may say until doomsday that all
paper imported exclusively to be used for
printing paper Shall pay so and so, and he
establishes a criterion as fleeting as the wind.
I choose to import paper of a certain size.
How is the Senator or anybody else going to
know what I am going to use it for? Is it to
be supposed that each person who uses paper
for lithographic purposes is to be his own im-
porter ; that there is to be no importer, no
jobber, no middle man between him and the
foreign market? Not at all. The dealers in
paper are to import it. Then how can the
Senator follow it if it is sold to me to write
letters upon, or if it is sold to my friend from
South Carolina to apply a stone or the instru-
ment by which a wood-cut engraving is to be
placed upon it?
•Now, one thing1 more and I have done.
The Senator refers us to the fact that the old
tariff lays an ad valorem duty upon unsized
paper used for the purpose of printing. Does
not everybody see the distinction? Unless
you use unsized paper for,wall paper or some-
thing of that sort, it can be used for nothing
but printing purposes. Why? Because you
cannot write on it any more than you can on
blotting paper; I mean you cannot write on it
conveniently. Here I have a very choice sam-
ple of unsized paper, [exhibiting a sheet of
paper.] It is very fine, as fine, I suppose, as
can be made. You put a pen upon it, and it
goes through and through, shows as much on
one side as the other. That is the test which
the Senator from Illinois suggested to us the
other day. So that when you say unsized
paper imported for printing and all that, you
run no risk of its being used as writing paper ;
but when you say that paper which is glazed,
either by resin, glue, or any-other size,vegeta-
ble or other, shall come in at a certain duty,
restricting it only to so much as is used for
printing paper, what is the safety? If you say
"for newspapers," there is a .restriction,
because then it must be large. If you say
"for magazines," you would require it to he
as large as the magazine, running only the risk
of its being cut down in size afterward. But
when you say " imported to be used for print-
ing newspapers, magazines, or books," then
there are books smaller than duodecimo, and
thus you part with all tests growing out of
size, and you rely solely upon the purpose
ultimately to which the paper is to be devoted.
Now, Mr. President, speaking for all those
who are manufacturing glued or sized paper
in the country, I say we cannot shut our eyes
to the fact that at twenty-two per cent., if
this amendment prevails, paper is to come in
that is to be used for writing paper or used for
lithographing or for printing purposes at the
option of him who purchases it. For that
I cannot vote, because 1 believe it would be
destructive to a great and worthy industry.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 did not
think I could be induced to say anything on
this subject, but I do now desire to say a word
or two, and that will be comprised in stating
that the book-men themselves will receive no
benefit whatever by having the duty reduced
on sized paper from thirty-five to twenty-two
per cent. They do not ask it, for the reason
that if unsized paper is admitted at twenty
per cent., they are able to avail themselves of
all the advantages so far as printing paper is
concerned that they would if both were in-
cluded, for any manufacturer in this country will
sell them the sized paper at precisely the same
rate that he will sell them the unsized, or very
nearly so. I have samples here of both qual-
ities from a manufacturing establishment with
the prices identical, and unless a man is an
expert in the business he can hardly tell one
from the other. The difficulty is in setting
the type and binding the books. Our book-
makers are laboring under a serious disadvan-
tage, and they should not be subjected to fur-
ther disadvantage. The duty upon books, in
my judgment, ought not to be reduced; but
the greatest disadvantage they suffer is in
undervaluations. The Senate have declined
to accept the proposition of the House for a
specific duty; and if they now accede to the
proposition of the Senator from Illinois, to
reduce the duty upon sized paper to twenty-
two per cent., my own impression is that they
strike a very serious blow to all the writing
paper manufacturers of this country.
Mr. HOWE. 1 wish the Senator from Ver-
mont, who is familiar with all these matters,
will just state why the manufacturer of unsized
paper demands a heavier duty ad valorem than
of sized paper ?
Mr. MOllRILL, of Vermont. He does not.
But the sized paper is exclusively used for
writing paper and note paper. The French put
an export duty upon linen rags, and we are
short in this country of linen rags. Most of
our people consume, cotton instead of linen ;
therefore the amount of rags in this country
for the manufacture of fine paper isvery small.
We are compelled to seek for linen rags abroad,
and we obtain them for the most part in
Italy and France. Therefore, unless we have
a considerable duty upon sized paper, the note
paper of France and the writing paper, which
already comes into this conntry and is almost
exclusively used by ladies, we shall completely
submerge all the establishments in this coun-
try for manufacturing writing paper.
Mr. HOWE. What is the export duty on
linen rags in France?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
remember, but it is so high as to give the
manufacturers of paper there a very heavy
protection. We let rags in free, but when we
get them from Frauce we have to pay their
export duty. The manufacturer of linen
paper in Italy or France may send that paper
without being subjected to that tax.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator's statement was
that sized paper was used exclusively for writ-
ing paper. He is certainly mistaken in that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No unsized
paper can be used for that. It must be sized
or the ink will spread.
Mr. LOGAN. But you stated it was exclu-
sively for writing paper. It is used for writing
paper, but not exclusively.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I did not
mean that. It is also used for printing paper
and for the best kind of books, and I say in
this country they are able to obtain it at pre-
cisely the same price they can the unsized.
These are the facts.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly the facts are as the
