2266
tfHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
do with them. They are used in the Army for
cooking beans, pork, and everything the sol-
diers want to eat; but the Indians did not under-
stand what to do with them ; so when they were
distributed they concluded that they were
given for drums. They knocked the bottoms
out and put in skins to make drums. [Laugh-
ter.] If that is the way you are going to
civilize them with your $500,000,1 am opposed
to the appropriation. This statement I have
no doubt is true, because it was given to me
by a man who has lived right there at the
station a number of years, has been a trader
there, and was an eye-witness to it himself.
He saw them knock the bottoms out of the ket-
tlesand put skins over them to make drums of.
If that, is the kind of civilization you are going
to effect by distributing this money, I do not
think you are going the right way about it.
Therefore 1 shall oppose an appropriation of
as general a character as this, applicable to
the Teton Sioux, when you do not know what
Sioux it means, what particular tribe of peo-
ple ; so that it may be used with one tribe, or
it may be used with five tribes, or more. I
think you ought to make the appropriation so
that it would at least restrict somebody that
will have the management of it in its applica-
tion.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish only to make a
single remark, and that is that the appro-
priation is defined as made tor the Teton
Sioux in tbe neighborhood of Fort Peck. It
is well understood in the Indian Office ex-
actly what Indians are meant by this denom-
ination of Teton Sioux. The appropriation
is limited in the bill to the Sioux of that
particular place, in the neighborhood of Fort
Peek. The reports of the Indian agent and
superintendent, and of the officers of the
Army in reference to them, all point dis-
tinctly to the particular Indians that are
meant. There is no possibility of a misun-
derstanding as to what particular bands this
appropriation is made for, because the whole
history of the appropriation, as well as the
terms in which it is made, makes it sufficiently
definite for whom it is intended, and the pur-
pose for which it is intended.
1 will say, further, that General Hancock
and General Sheridan have both recommended
that an appropriation should be made for this
specific purpose, in the strongest terms, and
any one who will read the report, a carefully
written and evidently judicious report, made
by Mr. Simmons, the agent at the Milk River
agency, can have but one opinion about this
matter, and that is that we must make a large
appropriation for the purpose indicated in this
item.
Mr. WINDOM. I am very unwilling to
detain the Senate a moment longer on this
subject, but it is one that 1 deem ot very great
importance. It was stated she other day that
a very large amount had been appropriated
for these bands of Sioux. That is very true.
Under the treaty of April 29, 1868, we are
compelled to appropriate $1,314,000.
Mr. COLE. Js that a treaty at all?
Mr. WINDOM. It is a treaty.
Mr. COLE. In 1868?
Mr. WiNDO.U. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. Not, as I understand.
Mr. WINDOM. I understand it wasa treaty
ratified by the Senate as such. Then there is
another appropriation to which we were re-
ferred the other day for the Sioux of the Milk
River reservation. Now, unless Senators will
examine the map and ascertain where these
Indians are located, there may be some con-
fusion. Those, for whom the large appropria-
tion is made, are, a part of them, in Dakota
and a part in Nebraska. The Sioux on Milk
Riverreservation,ior which $150,000 are appro-
priated, ate about three hundred miles below
Fort Benton; and the Teton Sioux, about
which my friend from Illinois seems to be so
doubtful, are located at Fort Peck, or near
there, about three hundred miles further down
the Missouri river, below the location of the
Sioux on the Milk River reservation.
The Indians on the Milk River reservation
are disposed to be friendly. W e have fed them
for two or three years, and it was through their
mediation that Agent Simmons was recently
enabled to visit the warlike Sioux near Fort
Peck. To state a little more distinctly than I
did a moment ago the condition of these twelve
thousand Indians, Black Moon and Sitting
Bull are tbe leading chiefs. Black Moon heads
the peace party. He desires peace, he desires
that the Indians shall be fed in order that he
may be strengthened with his own band and
overcome the influence which is exercised by
the warlike chief, Sitting Bull. The Indians
from the Milk Riverreservation havegone down
there with our agent, and negotiations are now
pending between them, and I have little
doubt, bad as these Indians are, that if we
appropriate this money we may avoid a war
with them.
To give a little more fully than I did a moment
ago our war expenses when we were fighting
Indians instead of feeding them, let me men-
tion that the Secretary of War, in a letter dated
December 30, 1866, stated that the attempt to
suppress Indian hostilities in 1864 and 1865,
cost $30,530,942 93; thirty millions for Indian
wars in two years ! I do not desire to repeat
the experiment if by feeding them we can have
peace.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
a single observation in reference to the remarks
that tell from the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.] Unquestionably he is right aDout
these Sioux; it is pretty difficult to tell pre-
cisely what particular bands or what particular
tribes or subdivisions of tribes are included in
this general name "Teton Sioux;" but this
general fact I know, that a very large body of
Indians in that region of country, in Dakota
and Montana, are included in the general
name ofSioux Indians. My honorable friend
will remember that two years ago we were just
upon the verge, as everybody supposed, and
as certainly the military authorities believed,
of having ageneral war with the Sioux Indians.
The Lieutenant General of the Army went
directly to Cheyenne and collected his forces
there. It was said that we certainly should
have a general Indian war, and it was regarded
as npcessary to assemble pretty much the en-
tire military force of the Government to meet
Red C-Oud, who was then a name of terror to
the border. It will be remembered that we
made a large appropriation to meet that emer-
gency. We had no relations then, except of a
general character, with these Indians. That
succeeded ; we have had no difficulty with that
portion of the Sioux since.
These disaffected Sioux, with whom we have
had no treaty relations whatever, are now
gathering in hostile array in Montana. The
military authorities recommend this, and
believe that the same result can be accom-
plished, if you make this appropriation, that
was accomplished two years ago, and avert war
and avert the expenditures that are incident
to war. I think myself we had better try the
experiment.
While I am up I will make one single
observation, in reply to my honorable friend
from Iowa, [Mr. Wright.] This clause does
not appropriate $500,000 to be expended abso-
lutely, but so much thereof as the President
and Secretary of the Interior shall find it
necessary to expend. I think with that limit-
ation we may have confidence that those hav-
ing charge of the subject will be prudent, and
that we may hope to avert war.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to say, for the ben-
efit ol the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, that I have found the treaty
to which I referred, and he will find it on
the six hutidred and thirteenth page of the
fifteenth volume of the statutes.
Mr. COLE. I have found it myself since I
was up.
Mr. WRIGHT. Having moved this amend-
ment, I desire to say but one word, and then
I have done. Jn answer to the suggestion of
the Senator from Maine, that this clause does
not appropriate absolutely $500,000, but only
so much thereof as may be necessary, under
the supervision of the President, I have to say
that I doubt whether it will be found at any
time where an appropriation has been made
of this character that it has not all been ex-
pended ; and when you say " $500,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary," I under-
stand it to mean in substance and effect that we
have appropriated that much, and it is gone. I
have not at any time suggested nor proposed that
there should not be an appropriation for this
purpose, but I have maintained that $200,000
under all the circumstances was sufficient.
I think that if we would look more to curtail-
ing expenses and seeing where the money
goes oftener than we do, it would be better for
us. When the Senate is asked to appropriate
$500,000 to be expended upon twelve thou-
sand Indians, with whom we have had no
treaty stipulations, and when there is nothing
to satisfy me that there is any such danger as
other persons seem to apprehend, and when I
believe that $200,000 will accomplish every
purpose, and when 1 have no wish on earth
that anything shall be done to invite hostilities
with these Indians, and when I believe, as I
have stated here, that at the end of the year
you will have as much peace and quiet with
these Indians with $200,000 as you will with
$500,000, and when I believe that if we ap-
propriate these $500,000 speculators and
traders will get more of it than the Indians, I
insist on my amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I simply wish to say one
word in vindication of this ancient designation
of the Sioux Indians, Teton. It is as old, the
Senator from Illinois will find, as any of our
Indian treaties with the Sioux. The Teton
Sioux were known to the earliest French
voyageurs and missionaries who came into the
Noithwest, and from those earliest days the
far western Sioux west of the Minnesota river
were designated as Teton Sioux; they among
themselves described ihemselves a3 the seventh
great council fire ; and those living east of the
Minnesota river were always called, and are
still called, Santee Sioux. These were the four
bands that occupied tne country we now call
Minnesota—the Wahpaketon, the Medawakan-
tons, the Sissetons, and the Wahpetons. These
are pretty hard names; but. among themselves,
among those who live m the country, they
knew very well their significance. Many of
these Indians were in the habit of annually
visiting their friends on the Missouri river,
where they have a dialect somewhat peculiar ;
1 believe the r does not occur at all in their
language; but they use the I in lieu of it.
The Indians of the Mississippi were S'an-
tee Sioux, and immediately west of them, in
the southern part of she Territory of Dakota
now, were the Yanktons; and northeast of
them, but still east ot the Missouri river, were
the Yaiictonnais. All these names occur and
reoccur in our treaties with these Indians.
West of the Missouri river were the Teions.
They were subdivided—and lliey understood
that subdivision very well themselves, and
referred to it frequently—mtor-oine seven sub-
bands again, i'tiey were the Ogallallas, the
Sans Aics, and the Black Feet hand or the
Teton Sioux, &c. The Sioux have usually
been estimated at tweniy-live thousand in num-
ber, and one half of them fetons.
Mr. POMEItOI. It thib was a question
between voting $200,000 ami $500,000 merely,
1 would rather vote for $200,000. i would
| rather sustain the ainendniL-utoft.be Senator
from Iowa, if I thought th it. was all that, was
involved; but i am obliged to take the advice
of those who have the responsibility of this
