r 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3103)
with, shall be concerned or interested, directly
or indirectly, in any contract, purchase, or
sale made on account of the prison.
The tenth section provides that any officer
who shall suffer a convict to escape, or shall
in any way consent to his escape, or shall aid
him to escape or in an attempt to escape, shall,
upon conviction, be dismissed from the ser-
vice and suffer such other punishment as a
court-martial may inflict.
The eleventh section provides that any sol-
dier or other person employed in the prison
who shall suffer a convict to escape, or shall
in any way consent to his escape, or shall aid
him to escape or in an attempt to escape, shall,
upon conviction by a court-martial, be con-
fined therein not less than one year.
The twelfth section provides that all pris- '
oners under confinement in said military pm- :
ons undergoing sentence of courts-martial, j
shall be liable to trial and punishment by I
courts-martial under the Rules and Articles of !
■ War for offenses committed during the said !
confinement. i
The SPEAKER. The question is on order- j
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third i
time. i
Mr. COBURN. I ask that the report of j
the Committee on Military Affairs be read. |
The Clerk read as follows : J
The Committee on Military Affairs to whom was !
referred House bill No. 1131, "A bill to provide for ;
the establishment of a prison for the Army of tbe ■
United States, and for its government," would re- :
spectfully report that they have had the same
under consideration, and recommend for passage a -
bill upon that, subject, which is herewith presented
to the House. In doing so the committee cieairo to :
call the attention of the Hou^e to some facts in con • 1
nection with the subject. 1
On the 30th of June, 1871, the Secretary of War .
appointed Colonel Jeff. C. Davis, Major J. M. Bran- i
nan, Major Thomas F. Barr, and Lieutenant Asa B. J
Gardner, a board to investigate and report as to the
system of army prisons, discipline, and punishment I
in the British service. The result of this has been a
report giving in minute detail the ixnlitaiy pnson i
system of Canada, and with thi<= as a basis the Sec-
retary of War has recommended the establishment
of an Army prison. The bill reported is the result of
your committee's investigations.
A statement of the Adjutant General as to the
places of confinement, the number of prisoners,
their term ot seivice, and the rates charged would
seem of itself to be a sufficient argument for the
establishment of an Army prison. They are scat-
teied in eleven States, m their penitentiaries: 38 in
Arkansas, 15 in New York, 5 in California, 33 in
Iowa, 3 in Kentucky, 54in Kansas, 12Uin Louisiana, '
17 m Minnesota, 32 in Missouri, 7 in Mississippi, and !
22 in Texas, making Hi ail &U5 prisoners, with an :
average term of service of four years and filty-two j
days, atan average cost perman per annum. ot^217 20,
and an average cost per diem of fifty-nine and a :
half cents; the total cost of keeping piisoneis being '
$75,151 per annum. Beside these tm-te are at thirty- !
two different military post?, in all,_38-i general pris-
oners; the greater part ot them (^lj being kept at [
Alcatraz Island, California, and at Fort Pulaski, j
Georgia. j
Many of these prisoners have been guilty of crimes ;
against military law, and not involving any moral !
turpitude. They are ca&t into prison with the basest '
characters and punished with those stained by every |
crime known to the law. Your committee feel con- i
vinced that this cat not bo done without injury to i
the prisoner whose offense may have been affected i
with but slight moral obliquity. To prevent this •
unnecessary cont miination we think a separate '
prison should be provided. The bill under consider- I
ation contemplates the election of a prison at Rock ; i
Island, in tbe State of Illinois, in such a position {
as that the labor of the convicts may be utilized in i!
the Government ar^entil and armory erected at that 'j
glace. This town is located centrally in the United ;;
States, and not remote irom that portion of the jj
country in which the Army is largely stationed for i;
duty. It is thoug'it that the prisoners may be very
usefully employed in thecleamng, repair, and manu- :
ittctmc of arms, a business consonant with the :
duties of the soldier, and quite proper and valuable !
as a part of his military knowledge. The locntion [
is m the center of a very productive country, where 1
the com, of living ought to bo at a reduced rate, and :
Where building materials and labor in construction I
can be had upon as fair terms as at any point in the i
union.
lour committee have taken some pains to Oreer- '
tain the eo*t, of construction of a suitabla building. !
5*Suan 0n!>7 he approximated. The Kansas prison,
<?i extrivagam in point of architecture, cost |
jH,oOO,(iOO, with one hundred and seventh-two cells, j
lhe Massachusetts prison, wish six hundred and 1
eighty cells, cost $800,000. The Missouri prison, with
three, hundred and fifty-six cells, cost 8200,000. The
Indiana northern prison, with three hundred cells,
cost §430,000, The Joiiet, Illinois prison, with one
thousand cells, cost $1,100,000. The New York
prisons, at Auburn, with nine hundred and ninety-
two cells, cost $6i3,000; at Clinton, with five hun-
dred and forty-four colls,cost $465,000; at Sing Sing,
with one thousand three hundred and eighteen
cells, cost $813,000. The Albany penitentiary, with
four hundred cells, cost $200,000; tho Rhode Island
pnson, with eighty-eight ceils, cost $100,000; the
^t£Jrar?h3??' Prison> Wlth five hundred cells, cost
^00,000; the V ermont prison, with one hundred and
four cells, cost 8150,000; the Wisconsin prison, with
over two hundred cells, co3t $500,000. An average
of tho cost of twenty prisons shows an expense of a
little less than a thousand dollars a cell for the
whole prison. The structures in Illinois and Kan-
sas are unnecessarily expensive, and make the
average too high. An excellent prison ought not to
cost over $800 to the ceU. The prisons of Alabama,
Connecticut, southern Indiana, Massachusetts, De-
troit prison, New Hampshire, the Albany peniten-
tiary, of North Carolin.., Rhode Island, and South
Carolina, earn money m excess of expenses, by
judicious management of trades and expenses,
while other States are involved in expenditures by
the payment of large salaries, as in Illinois, New
York, Missouri, and Virginia. The cost per capita
and the earnings per capita are m marked contrast
in several States, and show the effect, of manage-
ment. For instance, the eost of living in Ohio,
Indiana. Illinois, M ssoun, and Kansas, is very
nearly the same, yet the cost per capita in Ohio is
M24 a veur; in southern Indiana $12o, in Illinois
$295, in Missouri £230, and in Kansas $21)0 a, year; in
Iowa &15U, and in Virginia $152 a year.
The earnings per capita are in contrast also, but
notm so eroat a proportion. They ..re, in Ohio, pir
capita, &161 a year: in southern Indiana, $129 a
year; in Illinois 8206 a year; m Missouri, $101 a
year; in Kansa?, $40 a year; in Iowa, §102; in Vir-
ginia, $21 a year. If the States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Iowa can so manage their prisons as to make
them se'i-supporting, there is no reason why neigh-
bor! ng States cannot do so. Good management is
at the bottom of all of it. An Army prison can be
managed mnie cheaply than any of these, because
the others, keepers, turnkeys, aud guards may all
be detailed lrorn the Army and no salaries need be
paid. Is it possible that with tho same good man-
agement a prisoner will earn $206 a, year m Illinois
and SU-i a year in Virginia, or $181 a year in Mis-
souri and £40 a year in Kansas? Honest, faithful,
economical, and judicious administration would
place these averages of cost and earnings very
nearly on a par in the States named. It is believed
that a prison well managed, under the eyes of care-
ful aud launful Aimy officers, would be more than
self-supporting,
It is contemplated to erect a prison large enough
to accommodate four hundred prisoners. This, at
the rate of 'jSOO a cell, would cost $320,000, with all
offices, walls, appsndases, and shops complete.
The interest on tins sum, at six par cent., would not
be a third of the piesant annual expenses.
There are forty-two 6tate prisons m the United
States. Of these nineteen aro valued at $3,357,495.
It is supposed that $12,000,000 is the whole sum
invested. The average number of cells is lb,338; tho
average number of pjisoneis is 16,oil: the average
cost per cell j? ^,900.
In nineteen States the wholenumberof ofiicersand
employes is 828. Their aggregate salaries are $633,-
915. Jbidch t ceeives, on an average, $772 a year. At
the s-nme ratio there would be 1,242, at salaries of
$058,472, for ali the prisons named.
The entire expenditures for tweuty-five States
are $2,863,312
Earnings     2,037,351
Kxcess of expenditures over earnings....
6825,961
The salaries m these States about equal tho excess
of expenses.
The average cost of prisone *s is $200 per capita.
The average earnings art; §130 per capita.
The prison at. Albany is the cheapest, costing only
$Li3jK?' capi'a. Nevada is the dearest, costing $1,254
per capita; Oregon prisons cost per capita the sum
of $351; Mifsoun p) isons cost per capi+a the sum of
$320; Connecticut prisons cost per capita the sum of
&117; Michigan prisons cost per capita the sum of
.$140; Sout Ii Caj olma p; lsoms cost per capita the sum
of $146; Virginia prisons cost per capita the sum of
8152.
Eighteen States have the contract svstem, namely,
Alabama, Connecticut, Indiana, Iowa, Missouri,
Massachusetts, Michigan, Maryland, New York,
North Carolina, Rhodelsland, Vermont. Tennessee,
Virginia, W<st Virginia, and others.
Twelve States work on State account. The con-
tract system on an average pays $127 per capita.
The work on State account, on an average, pays
$203 per capita.
Alter careful estimates it is found that twenty-
eight per cent, of the prisoners are illiterate, sev-
enty per cent, are intern ^rate. Ignorance and
intemperance produce lik^ effects in the Army. [
The system of pardons so freelv u«ed in nuny ;
States is condemned, and many think that it should !
be abolished. Tho test of release should be reibrma- i
tion, proof of which is practically tnado by the con-
vict. The prisoners ought to be subject lo a uniform
discipline. They ought to have a thoroughly reform-
atory management. They ought not to be mixed
with ordinary criminals, and contaminated by in-
tercourse with them, since many of the crimes of
the Army are not stained with great moral turpi-
tude.
The punishment for prison offenses or against
prison rules, varies m various Stntes; for instance,
in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky
Missouri, and Oregon, floggin g, and in some in«i ances
ball and chain or shackles are used. In Illinois
Aibany, New York, Iowa, Massachusetts, Michigan'
Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Ten-
nessee,. Vermont, Virginia, West Virginia, and
Wisconsin, the dark cell is employed, and in some
of the States with the addition of dieting, and in
others with the additional loss of privileges.
With such, a variety of discipline and manage-
ment, to whioh the Army convicts in the various
prisons are subjected, it is not surprising that the
result is unsatisfactory. A system based upon prin-
ciples of humanity and reformation as well as jus-
tice ca,n, with lights of thepresentday.be adopted.
And your committee most earnestly ana respectfully
ask the House to give the proposed measure a fair
examination, confident that it will meet with ap-
proval.
Mr. COBURN. I ask that the report of
the committee be printed in the Globe, as I
see members are not paying any general atten-
tion to its statement.',. And, ",\!r. Speaker, I
will now say a few words why this bill should
pass. The object of the bill is to establish an
Army prison. At present there are three hun-
dred and forty-six prisoners in eleven different
penitentiaries of the United States, having an
average term ot service of four years and fifty
days. These men are scattered around from
California to Maine and Texas and in various
parts of the United States. The object is to
gather them together 111 one place. They cost
the Government some seventy-five thousand
dollars a year. The committee has been in-
quiting into the cost of erecting a penitentiary
that will be large enough for four hundred
men. We find in looking at the cost of these
piisonsrhat the average cost of a first class
prison is at the rate of S800 a cell, which would
cost $320,000 for erect ing a prison large
enough, with cells, workshops, and other ap-
purtenances. for four hundred men. The
interest on this §320,000 would be not quite
twenty thousand dollars at th" rate of six per
cent. We are now paying $75,000 for these
men. We have officers ot the Army aud sol-
di-rs who can be detailed for the purpose of
taking care of these prisoners, and we have
chaplains and other, officers and men of the
Army to do all' the duties which would be
requisite.
As a measure of economy it will be bene-
ficial. Asa measure of humanity and reforma-
tion it will undoubtedly be very beneficial.
These men have been guilty of some little
crime, some violation of t!.e orders of superior
officers, offenses not stained with any great
moral turpitude, not in the nature of a felony.
But, they are cast into prison, and stay there
very frequently years and years, by the side
of men of the blackest character, who have
committed robbery and murder, or other
felonies. Now, it is very improper that these
soldiers should be put, there, and we (eel that
as a matter of economy, as a matter of human-
ity, as a matter of reformation, they should
have a place of their own, subject to the in-
spection of the higher officers of the Army,
where the disi-ipliue ofmiliiary men can be in
a measure enforced and a uniformity of treat*
merit tempered wiih humanity may beobserved
and enfoiced.
We have provided, therefore, that there
shall be a board of officers, and civilians be-
sides, who shall make rules for the govern-
ment of and shali inspte: these prisons. The
committee have th.-ught it, bestlhat the prison
shall notbeinspectf-d and managed entiielyby
officers of the Army, but that civilians, who may
have an eye to humanity and reformation, who
have devo'ed years of 'bought to the subject,
perhaps more than Army officers, shall also
cooperate in the work. The requirements of
the age demand something of tb'skind. We
have provided that this prison shall be located
at Rock Island. The object of putting it<\ere
is to have the convicts work in the armory and
arsenal there. It is necessary n'.i'J proper that
