1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
the committee had formed its conclusions,
these two gentlemen get up here, one asking
consent for the making of a personal explana-
tion. and the other rising to a question of
privilege, and proceed to state the case, to call
the previous question, and to insist that the
Committee of Elections, or the contestant, who
is not here before the House, should have no
opportunity to be heard. Now, I submit to
this House that such a proceeding as that is
a confession of an unjust cause. No man
conscious of a case which would stand for a
moment before the justice or intelligence of
this House, would undertake to get a snap judg-
ment against a competitor on such a proceed-
ing as that.
I now yield to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth.]
_Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I agree
with the argument of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] if he states correctly
the points which the sitting member desires to
prove, that they cannot be material in this
matter. And I am very glad to hear the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts concede that. I
am glad to find him taking this ground.
Mr. HOAR. The question is on the merits,
and not on the prima facie case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no differ-
ence, Mr. Speaker, between the merits and
the prima facie case, so far as the determina-
tion of this House is concerned. The House
determines on the prima facie case who is
entitled to take the seat on the face of the
proof as it appears. When it determines on
the merits, it determines upon the proof as it
appears before the House. There seems to be
an idea that there is something mythical and
mysterious about a prima facie case which
renders the force of proof different in such a
case from the credit that is to be given to it in
the determination, of what is called the case
on its merits. There is no difference. The
proof is proof, whether it is on a prima facie
case or on the hearing upon the merits; and
I am glad the gentleman takes that ground.
The Governor of the State has no business to
decide who is elected, excepting as he counts
the votes, and no matter what the Governor's
certificate may be, if it appears in connection
with that certificate upon the papers before
the House that the man to whom the certificate
has been given has not a majority of votes,
that man ought not to be admitted to his seat.
I believe in this case, so far as I have exam-
ined the papers, that Mr. Boles was elected
to Congress by a large majority, and that the
Governor of the State committed a flagrant
crime when he gave the certificate to the
other man. I believe, also, in the case from
Texas, which we had before us the other day,
that the man who was not admitted to his seat
was elected by many thousand majority, and
that the Governor of that State committed a
very flagrant offense when he gave a certifi-
cate to the other man. The duty of the Gov-
ernor is to give the certificate to the man
who, from the returns, appears to have a
majority of the votes, and that is what this
House should always decide. I am happy to
agree with the Committee of Elections in this
case. I am very glad to hear they take the
ground that the Governor of a State has no
right to determine who has a majority of votes,
excepting as he counts the returns.
Mr. HOAR. The only difference between
me and the gentleman from Illinois is that I
do think there is a difference between a prima
facie, case and a case on the merits. There
seems to be something which authorizes the
Clerk of this House to make up the roll of its
members, and I understand that if any man
brings that something, which the law entitles
a "credential,1' he should have his name put
upon the roll by the Clerk, and if he comes too
late to have it put upon the roll by the Clerk,
he is entitled to have it put on by the House.
But that has nothing to do with the case now
before the House, but is merely an attack by
the gentleman from Illinois upon the decision
of the House the other day in the Texas case.
I call the previous question.
Mr. McCRARY. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. If the amendment now pending to
the original resolution is voted down, will the
resolution then be subject to amendment ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will if the
previous question is not seconded. If the pre-
vious question is seconded and the amendment
fails, no further amendment will be in order.
If the previous question is not seconded, and
the amendment of the gentleman from Wis-
consin is adopted or is not adopted, further
amendment will be in order.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a moment
before he insists upon the previous question.
Mr. HOAR. I have no desire to deprive
the gentleman from Arkansas of a proper
opportunity to be heard, although he or his
colleague desired to deprive us of any oppor-
tunity to be heard. Therefore, if he will indi-
cate any time that he desires to occupy I will
yield to him.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desire only about ten
minutes.
Mr. HOAR. I will yield to the gentleman
for fifteen minutes.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a word in regard to the argument of the
gentleman from Illiuois, in relation to the
issuing of this certificate by the Governor of
Arkansas. The law of our State provides that
within thirty days after the election a canvass
shall be made and a certificate shall be issued
to the person who appears to have a majority
of votes.
Now, what are the facts in this case? It
certainly bears a strong resemblance to the
case from Texas, reported from the committee
the other day. The law of our State requires
that the judges of the election shall return the
votes to the clerk of the county, and the county
clerk is to make out a general abstract of the
vote and report it to the secretary of State.
Now, sir, in this case, as I suppose in many
cases, the county clerks were in the interest
of one of the candidates for Congress, and
they opened two polls and certified to the
secretary of State the returns from the bogus
or illegal polls, and refused to certify tbe
returns of the legal polls. It is not a matter
of particular interest which of the contestants
in this case occupies the seat, but it is a mat-
ter of great importance to the people of the
district to know who was elected by the people.
Now, sir, as I said in my answer last spring,
frauds were committed in fourteen counties in
my district, by which over five thousand persons
were deprived of their rights to the elective
franchise. These counties are situated from
one to five hundred miles apart. Now, the
law requires ten days' notice between the time
of closing the testimony in one county, and
commencing it in another. Now, sir, those
distances would have to have been traveled
on horseback, and the investigation in the
fourteen counties would have consumed the
whole of the sixty days. It is for that reason
that my friend from Arkansas [Mr. Snyder]
offered a resolution asking for time to make
this investigation. But no action was taken
by the committee and no report was tnadc.
Now, when the member of the committee from
Wisconsin [Mr. Hazleton] charges that it
should be regarded as an argument against me
because I asked for time, I say that it should
go to my credit, for the reason that 1 propose
to use the time to take testimony to arrive at
the facts in the case.
Now, I based my application of a few days
ago upon material facts which came to my
knowledge since the time for taking testimony
expired. What were those facts? One was
that there were five hundred votes returned
for the contestee to the office of the secretary
of the State which were overlooked and not
counted for the contestee. That came to my
knowledge several months afterward, and I so
stated in my application for time to take evi-
dence. The Governor is here, who will swear
to that fact. They stuffed a ballot-box upon
me in the county-of Clark to the extent of
five hundred votes. That fact did not come to
my knowledge until the time had expired for
the purpose of taking evidence. I asked the
privilege of showing that fact.
Now, while the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabarger] has stated correctly that these
acts of Congress are simply directory and not
mandatory in their character, I ask of the jus-
tice and the sound discretion of this House
that I should have time to prove these material
and important facts which have come to my
knowledge since the time for taking testimony
has expired. Would not a court of justice do
it? If this House in its discretion think that
justice requires that a party should have" time
to take further evidence, it can grant the time.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman yield for a question?
Mr. EDWARDS. Certainly.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. I desire
to ask the gentleman if, when he made his
application for an extension of time, at the
beginning of the present session in December
last, he did not predicate that application upon
the express ground that he had mistaken his
right under the law to proceed and take his
testimony while his adversary was taking his
testimony ?
Mr. EDWARDS. I will state in reply to
the gentleman that I had a gentleman acting
as my attorney who was so confident that this
House would not refuse any time necessary to
take this testimony that he made a plain
application in the manner suggested by the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Hazleton.]
And I will say that subsequent to that time I
suggested to my attorney, as I have here in
this application, the facts in the case, and even
the names of the witnesses by whom I could
prove those facts, and that important and
material facts had come to my knowledge since
the time expired for taking testimony.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask another question?
Mr. EDWARDS. Very well.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. My ques-
tion is this, whether the affidavit by the gentle-
man, in his application, did not set forth that
he was required to be in attendance before the
judge taking the testimony for his adversary,
and therefore he believed that he could not
take his own at the same time? And was there
not proof presented to the committee, the cer-
tificate of the judge, or the officer taking that
testimony, to the effect that he (the sitting
member) was not before that officer but once
during the sixty days, and then only for a short
time?
Mr. EDWARDS. Well, sir, I will state, in
reply to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Hazleton,] that I have repeatedly stated in all
my applications for further time, that during
the most of the period for taking testimony I
was confined to my room by sickness, but that
at the same time 1 was represented by counsel
in the cross-examination of the witnesses who
were examined.
Mr. HOAR. I would inquire of the Chair
how'much time I have remaining?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This being
the third Friday of the month, at two o'clock
to-day, under the uile, nothing else will be in
order but business from the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HOAR. 1 will yield to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Eames.] and then i will call the
previous question.
Mr. EAMES. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
state the grounds upon which I came to the
conclusion, as a member of the Committee of
