4060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
cause you have to pay a duty of thirty-five
cents, I am sure my triend from Connecticut
can see that.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. When you bring your
book here it costs but $1 30 abroad, but you
add twenty-five per cent,, to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is this
conversation between two Senators, or is it
intended for the benefit of this body?
The PRESIDING, OFFICER. Senators
will address the Chair.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask now
whether the Senate will not consent to take
the vote on paper without any further debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio to the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended,
which will be reported.
The Chief .Clerk. The amendment, as
amended, is after line eighty-four of section
four on page 11 to insert—•
On all sized and glued paper suitable only for
printing paper, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask leave
to discharge myself of one amendment on page
43, in section [eleven] twelve in the new clause
that_was added. After the words " and such
bottle or package shall be forfeited to the Uni-
ted States/' 1 ask leave to insert:
And all articles heretofore liable to taxation
under schedulo C shall be exempt therefrom under
this section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands there is no objection to receiving
this amendment, though it is not strictly in
order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There can
be no objection. It is merely to perfect a sec-
tion we have already adopted. It is merely
proposed out of abundant caution.
Mr. THURMAN. I think there ought to
be a quorum here to pass upon this bill. I
renew my motion that we take a recess for one
hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a quorum here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let the ques-
tion be taken on this.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to under-
stand this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is • the motion of the Senator
from Ohio, that the Senate no* take a recess
for one hour.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 18, noes 21.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask one ques-
tion. Is the effect of the Senator's amendment
to exempt from stamp tax all patent medi-
cines containing alcohol?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. All that have
heretofore been taxed in schedule C. They
are to be exempt hereafter.
Mr. CONKLING. I am for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. Will it now be in order to
take the vote on section twenty-four, on
page 77 ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reserved
amendments have not yet been gone through
with. The Chair would suggest that it would
be more convenient to take the amendments
in the order in which they came in the bill;
but by unanimous consent they can be taken
out of order.
Mr. COLE. I insist upon their being taken
in their order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
reserved amendment is on page 7, lines sixty-
two, sixty-three, and sixty-lour of section two,
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
inserted the following paragraph :
On glass and glassware, and on unwrought pipe-
clay, fine clay, kaolm, and fuller's earth.
Mr. SCOTT. That clause originally had in
it " earthenware," and on the motion of the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. FREi.iNegu'sr-
sen] the vote was taken on that separately ;
but it was in a thin Senate, and as there was
no reason for striking out "earthenware"
which did not apply te • everything else in the
same section I reserved it. I hope it will all
be stricken out and that the amendment will
not be concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. BLAIit. Before that question is taken
I move to insert " earthenware."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That was not
reserved. No such amendment as that was
reserved.
Mr. SCOTT. The action as to earthenware
has been concurred in. I reserved all that
was not concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Missouri is in order.
Mr. BLAIR. The section was reserved,
and that authorizes me to move the amend-
ment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. How can it be in order, when
a motion is pending in reference to glass, to
move this? That question must first be heard,
I take it, at any rate ; and so the motion is not
in order at this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from New Jersey to
object to the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri as not being in order.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is certainly
not in order at this time.
Mr. BLAIR. Is it not io order in the Sen-
ate to reinstate the word " earthenware?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The'ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole. The Senator
from Missouri has a right to move to amend
the amendment before the question is taken on
concurrence. The Senator from Missouri can
make the motion in advance of the motion to
concur.
Mr. BLAIR. I moye to amend the amend-
ment by inserting " earthenware." There is
no earthly reason for striking out that word.
As the Senator from Pennsylvania said, the
reason applies equally to everything else, and
this earthenware ought to be compelled to
submit to the same reduction with other arti-
cles. There is no reason which can be offered
or which has been offered why, when making
a general reduction of ten per cent., earthen-
ware should be excepted from it. We are
making a general reduction of the taxes, and
upon a motion made the other night earthen-
ware was struck out. My motion is to rein-
state it, in order that it may bear its fair share
of reduction.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. ^ I trust that
motion will not prevail. This question was
considered in committee. This is a struggling
interest, in this country. A great many of the
potteries in Pennsylvania and New Jersey are
now closed in consequence of the lessening of
the premium on gold. It is an enterprise
which sprung up with the protection that the
premium on gold gave it in this country, and
it is perfectly destructive to it now to reduce
the protection ten per cent, on the amount of
duties. I trust that the Senate willnotconeur
in the proposition of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall not
vote for the motion to strike out the entire
paragraph ; but this question of earthenware
was considered in a full Senate, and after full
debate, and voted put. It is hardly fair to raise
the question and strike it out now.
Mr. CONKLING. It was voted out by a
decided majority.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Therefore
I hope the motion to reinsert it will not be
carried.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can offer a
compromise which will meet the view of the
Senator from New Jersey, and also of the
Senator from Missouri. It seems to me, from
the argument of the Senator from New Jeisey,
that the only article he is interested in is brown
earthenware and common stoneware, not orna-
mented, which now pays a duty of twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem. That is not a very im-
portant matter. But there is another class of
earthenware included in the words "china"
and "porcelain." We import very little of
the first class, but we do of the second class,
and the amount of duty received on this kind
of ware is over a million dollars. The only
earthenware the Senator from New Jersey is
interested in, and desires to except from re-
duction, is that which pays twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem. The other pays forty per
Cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.. No ; I assure
the. Senator from Ohio they manufacture a
very fine article of crockery, commonly called
queensware or undecorated ware, next to the
very best quality of ware except china.
Mr. SHERMAN. But that kind of ware
which now pays a duty of forty per cent, ad
valomm, it seems to me they can bear reduc-
tion upon. That is the kind imported for the
ordinary consumption of the great mass of our
people. It seems to me that if the brown ware
and the common stone ware and coarse ware
of that kind which now pays but twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem are excepted, that is all
that really ought to be excepted, because
there is a discrimination against that ware in
the rate of duty.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The earthen-
ware which is made in Pennsylvania and New
Jersey is a very fine article, called queensware;
and as to the statement of the Senator from
Ohio that it can bear this reduction, I know
the fact is the other way ; that the potteries are
now closed, forty per cent, of them, in Penn-
sylvania and in New Jersey, and that this
proposition is destructive to that interest-
Mr. BLAIR. The suggestion made by the
Senator from Ohio meets my concurrence. I
do not care to put in that species of earthen-
ware which only pays twenty-five per cent,
duty, because I think the reduction would be
too great in proportion upon that, but I will
accept the amendment offered by him in lieu
of the one I offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ifthe Senate should refuse
to insert the word " earthenware," that is the
end of it. If they should insert the word "earth-
enware," I will then move to except from the
reduction that which now pays a duty of twenty-
five per cent.
Mr. BLAIR. I accept the suggestion of the
Senator, and move the amendment in the lan-
guage he has given.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it should read,
"on all earthenware," &c., " except earthen-
ware which now pays a duty of twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem.'" That would except the
coarser kind.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The ware
that the Senator from Ohio excepts is a very
heavy, bulky article, and I believe it is scarcely
imported at all. It is heavy stoneware, or
brown earthenware. There are a great many
small potteries throughout the country, but
tbey have no competition that I am aware of
from any foreign importation. But this strug-
gling attempt on the part of some portion of
our country to manufacture a better class of
