476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
Elections, that it would be proper to allow
some little time to the sitting member to take
testimony in this case before the hearing of
the case upon its merits. The sitting member
comes before us with a certificate from the
Governor of Arkansas, which duly certifies
that he has been elected as a Representative
in Congress from one of the districts of that
State. That certificate bears date the 20th
of February, 1871. I understand, from inform-
ation I have as a member of the commit-
tee, that the sitting member was not admitted
upon that certtificate, that his name was not
placed by the Clerk upon the roll, but that the
certificate was sent to the Committee of Elec-
tions, who afterward reported that he was
entitled to occupy a seat pending the con-
test; and upon the 21st of March, 1871, he was
admitted to a seat in this House. On the 22d
of March notice was served upon him by Mr,
Boles that he intended to contest the seat; and
on the 20th of April, 1871, within the thirty
days allowed by law, the answer was served
in reply to' the notice that had been given.
Immediately upon the filing of the answer a
notice was served upon the sitting member by
the contestant of the taking of testimony in
this case under the law allowing sixty days.
We have before us the record of the course
that was pursued by Mr. Boles in this case.
Having given this notice, he commenced taking
his depositions upon the 9th of May, and con-
cluded them, if 1 am correct, upon the last
day that he was allowed by law—-occupying
all the time that was allowed to either of the
parties for the purpose of taking proof in the
case.
I hold in my hand the record, by which
it will appear to any gentleman who will ex-
amine it that in the notice served on Mr.
Edwards there were given over a hundred
names of witnesses whose testimony was to be
taken—witnesses so numerous that their tes-
timony would probably have taken the sixty
days allowed by law if the whole time, during
any reasonable hours of the day, from the time
testimony was begun to be taken until the
close of it, had been consumed.
I am aware that the law allows both parties
to take tlieir testimony during the same period ;
that they may give notice to each other, and
take their testimony in different places ; that,
consequently the sitting member, if he had not
been ignorant of the law, could have taken
testimony while the evidence of the contestant
was being taken. But I undertake to say that
"any man, ev"en though by profession a law-
yer, might with reason come to a very differ-
ent conclusion unless he had received some
direction from the Committee of Elections, or
some instruction from the rules which have
been established by this House with reference
to that matter.
Now, sir, the sitting member, in the petition
which has been referred by this House to the
Committee of Elections, states his reasons tor
asking these few days. In stating these reasons
he says:
"That on the day following the arrival of your
petitioner at the city of liittle Rock, after the close
of the spring session of your body, he was served
with notice of thetaking of testimony by contest-
ant, to commence at the expiration of ten days from
the service of said notice, and that on tho day tliu?
fixed, said contestant commenced tho taking of his
testimony, and continued to take testimony from
day to day during the whole time and until late at
mght on the sixtieth or last day allowed by law for
that purpose: that your petitioner was compelled
to be present by himself or counsel during the entire
time contestant was so engaged, in the cross-exam-
ination of witnesses and attending to his interests
while said testimony was being taken. J{e further
states that he procured the services of eminent coun-
sel to assist hiia in the management and conduct of
his ease; that said counsel, after a careful examina-
tion of tho law, and not knowing the ruling of this
House in the case of Vallandigham  «. Campbell,
gave it as their opinion that your pelitioner could
not legally and regularly serve notice and take
depositions on his part while contestant was
engaged_ in taking testimony under and by virtue
of his said notice; and that, relying upon the opin-
ion and advice so given, he deferred the service of
notice to take testimony in his behalf, hoping that
contestant would conclude his ease in time. But
he states that contestant continued to take testi-
mony in proof of important and material facts con-
nected with the case until tho close of the time
allowed by law, and for this reason your petitioner
had no time whatever to serve notice and take tes-
timony for himself, nor could he have prudently
done so, as the presence of his counsel was required
at the taking of contestant's evidence."
Further than this, it is stated that during
a large portion of the time the sitting mem-
ber was unable to take testimony in his own
behalf; that by reason of sickness he was
confined to his house. When we take these
two facts into consideration 
Mr. HOAR. The fact of his sickness was
not proved.
Mr. EAMES. It is stated in the affidavit
of the sitting member that during a large por-
tion of this time he was sick and confined to
his house, so that he was unable to take any
testimony. Here are two reasons: first, the
allegation of the sitting member that he was
ignorant of the law which allowed him to take
testimony while that of the contestant was
progressing. In addition to that he states
that he was advised by eminent legal counsel
that he had no right whatever to serve a notice
while testimony on the other side was being
taken. He asserts further, under oath—and
he is a member of this House—that he was
too unwell during a large portion of the time
to take testimony.
It was on grounds of this kind that, as one
of the Committee of Elections, I very reluc-
tantly dissented from the opinion of the large
majority of the committee, one other mem-
ber of the committee [Mr. Thomas] being
with me in relation to this matter. I am still
of precisely the same opinion, and I am so,
sir, because, in my judgment, it puts a case
before this House that commends itself to the
discretion ol the House for the short time he
asks for the purpose of taking this testimony.
Nor does it furnish to my mind a reasonable
excuse why he should not be allowed to take
this testimony simply because of the fact the
sitting member will hold his seat here under
the certificate of the Governor Arkansas it
may be ten or twenty or thirty days longer.
But for another reason I came to the con-
clusion I did. Without knowing anything
about the political differences in Arkansas, it
seemed to me, as a member of the committee,
that unless time were allowed to the sitting
member to produce the testimony which he
says is necessary to his case, this case would
be tried upon evidence which is entirely ex
parte. If the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Hazleton] had not inadvertently stated that
the Committee of Elections was unanimous on
this question, and my name had not been
brought before the House as dissenting from
the report of the committee, I would not at
this time have uttered one word; and I only
state these facts now in order to put myself
right before the House. As I have said, I
think it is proper, under all the circumstances
of this case, that a short period should be
allowed to the sitting member to take evidence,
so that the case may not be decided one®parte
evidence.
Mr. HOAIi. Mr. Speaker, in one word I
will reply to all that has been said. If you
grant the sitting member five days, and he
does not introduce important testimony in that
time, it will dohimnogood. If he does intro-
duce any important testimony, the contestant
will have to go to Arkansas to get his witnesses.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question first recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Hazleton, of Wisconsin.
Mr. SNYDER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in theaffirmative—yeas 129, nays 46, not voting
64; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arthur, Averill,
Banks, Barber, Barnum, Barry, Beatty.Beck, Bev-
eridge, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton,
Bright, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley,
Buifinton, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick 11. Butler,
Conger, Cotton, Creely, Crossland, Darrall, Davis,
Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Eldridge, Farwell, Wilder
D. Foster, Frye, Goodrich, Handley, Hanks, Harmer,
Harper, George E. Harris, Hawloy, Hay, Gerry W.
Hazleton, John AT. Hazleton. Hereford, Herndon,
Hill, Hoar,Holman, Hooper, Kelley,Kellogg, Kerr,
Ketcham, King, Lamison, Lewis, Lowe, Marshall,
McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, McIIenry, Me-
Junliin. McNeely, Mereur, Merriam, Merrick, Ben-
jamin F. Meyers, Mitchell. Monroe, Alorphis, Leon-
ard Myers, Negley, Packard,Packer, Palmer, Hosea
W. Parker, Peck, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry,
Porter, Prindle, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William
R. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Ses-
sions, Sheldon, Shellabar^er, Sherwood, Shoemaker.
Slater, Slocum, H. Boardman Smith, JohnA.Smith,
Snapp, Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Storm, Stoweil, Strong, Swann, Sypher,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Tyner, Upson, Wad-
dell, Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, Williams of Indiana, and Williams of New
York—129.
NAYS—Messrs. JamesG. Blair, Benjamin!?.But-
ler, Caldwell, Carroll, Conner, Donnan, Du Bose,
Eames, Finkelnburg, Forkcr, Garrett, Getz, Golla-
day, Griffith, Haldeman, Hancock, John T. Harris.
Havens, Hibbard, Houghton, Killinger, Lansing,
Leach, Manson, McClelland, Mclntyre, Moore .Mor-
gan, Niblaek.Orr, Isaac C.Parker, Pendleton, Price,
Shober. Sloss. Snyder, Taffe, Terry, Vaughan,Wake-
man, Walls, Warren, John T.Wilson, and Young—46.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ames,
Bell, Bingham, Campbell, William T. Clarke, Free-
man Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan Comingo, Cox,
Crebs, Critcher, Crocker, Dawes, De Large, Dickey,
Dox, Edwards, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Charles
Foster, Henry D. Foster, Garfield, Hale, Halsey,
Hambleton, Hays, Kendall. Kinsella, Lamport,
Lynch, Mayna.rd,McKee, McKinney, Morey, Peters,
Piatt, Poland, Potter, Rainey, Robinson, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Seeley, Shanks, Worthington C. Smith,
R. Milton Speer, Sprfigue, Stoughton, St. John,
Sutherland, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill,
Twichell, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Wheeler,
Willard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester, and
W ood—64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. FRYE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Lynch, was detained from the House by ill-
ness.
On motion of Mr. HOAR, by unanimous
consent, the reading of the roll was dispensed
with.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The resolution, as amended, was then
adopted.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By a rule of
the House, the third Friday of each month,
from the hour of two o'eloek p. m. until the
adjournment of that day, shall, when claimed
by the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, be devoted exclusively to business reported
from that committee. Tho hour of two o'clock
having arrived, reports from that committee are
in order.
debt of washington city.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, reported back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, with
sundry amendments, the bill (H. R. No. 870)
to fund the debt of the city of Washington
existing June 1, 1871.
The bill was read.
In its first section it provides that the Gover-
nor of the District of Columbia, W. W. Cor-
coran, Moses Kelly, II. M. Sweeny, and L. J.
Davis, commissioners of the sinking fund of
the District of Columbia, and their successors
in office, are hereby authorized to fund the
debt of the city of Washington which has been
or may bo found to have existed on the 1st day
of Juno, 1871, and is now unpaid ; and for that
purpose tho said commissioners are hereby
directed to issue registered or coupon bonds
of the said District of Columbia, in denomina-
tions of $100, or any multiple of that sum,
