1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
" The marshal tlien telegraphed to "Washington as
follows: _,
v Austin, February, 1872.
To Geobge H. "Williams :
Have cavias placed in my hands for G-overnor and
secretary of State of Texasi What action shall I
take in the matter ? R PURWELL,
United States Marshal.
"And received this reply, naniely !
"Washington, February 22,1872.
Thomas F. Pubnbli,, United States Marshal i
I am not able from the facts in my possession to
i>:i vo you any instructions.
GEORGE H. WILLIAMS,
Attorney General United States.
"Thus it seems is and must be true that the Fed-
eral authorities let and are bound to let the law
take its course.
" Although E. J. Davis pledged bis word to be
ready to answer the indiotment -when called on, he
is now absent on a visit to Huntsville, via Houston
and Galveston, to see how the convicts work, thus
forfeiting his word of honor as a man and a gentle-
man, and as any common criminal fleeing before
the rod of justice.
" E. J. Davis is a criminal, a felon, a self-convicted
violator of the law, and now flies like a thief from
thatlaw, fearing an investigation, knowing while he
fears that if the truth comes out he will, by averdict
of a jury of the State where he is Governor, be con-
signed to the cells of the State prison.
" The law is hungry for such criminals, and if they
do not flee they will be punished as surely as the law
is outi aged and the acts of villains set up as the rule
of right. Where is E. ,T. Davis ? Run away, like a
thief in the night, knowing that he is guilty and
ought to be punished.
" Later.—Xo news from Davis; he is still running.
He may get out of the State, but we hope he m&y be
captured.
Later Still.—Davis still a refugee."
That is the dispatch which was about to be
read a few moments ago by the gentleman
from Texas, [Mr. Hancock,] when his col-
league [Mr. Clark] objected, and it was
handed by him to me to be read. How true
it is I do not know, but there it is. I do not
care to say more about this man now. I be-
lieve the country will concede that I am sus-
tained in all I ever said about him, It was
upon the state of the case, and upon facts of
that character which I have not taken time to
elaborate that I have spoken of the infamous
conduct of the Governor of Texas.
I believe the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Waldron] wanted five minutes of the time of
my colleague, [Mr. Arthub,] and as there
are but five minutes left of his time, I yield
now to the gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I should like an
opportunity to reply to the gentleman from
Kentucky.
The SPKAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Kentucky yield to the gentle-
man from Texas?
Mr. ARTHUR. It was agreed that my
time should be divided between mypelf, my
colleague, and the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Waldron.]
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. Will the gentle-
man from Michigan allow me to say one word ?
Mr. WALDRON. I have not time.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I only want to say
one word. The only point I want to make
here is this : that I desire to have the floor to
reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Kentucky, and as I am compelled to leave the
city to-morrow evening, to be gone I do not
know how long, I beg the indulgence of the
flouse to give me sufficient time to-day to
make some remarks in reply to my colleague.
william and mary college.
Mr. WALDRON. Mr. Speaker, I have
carefully examined the report of the com-
mittee which indorses and recommends this
legislation in behalf of William and Mary
College. I have been anxious to learn on
what grounds a committee of this House
would seriously justify this donatioa—for it is
nothing more nor less than a donation—a gift
of 865,000 out of the national Treasury to re-
build a college which suffered whetl the tide
of civil war swept over Virginia. I find on
examining the report of the committee that
this appropriation of the people'8 money is
justified, not on the score of precedent or
law, bat simply as an offering of grace and
generosity to a time-honored institution of
learning. In advocacy of this appropriation
honored names are appealed to ; the names
of men whose memories are cherished in the
affections of the American people. - We are
told that its first honorary degree was con-
ferred over a century ago on Benjamin Frank-
lin; that among its graduates were Washing-
ton and Jefferson, and that in view of the
venerable character of the institution and the
associations which cluster around it in the
past, it deserves a restoration to usefulness at
the cost of this appropriation.
It is unfortunate, Mr. Speaker, for the repu-
tation of William and Mary College that the
record of its later years is not in harmony
with its earlier history. It is, for its own sake,
to be regretted that it forgot and ignored the
patriotic counsels of the statesmen whom it
educated. If its managers and faculty had
been faithful to the Union which Wash-
ington and Jefferson cherished, this college
might now claim the respect and sympathy of
this House, even if it failed to secure its votes ;
but the objections to this bill are, not only
that there is no precedent to justify it, nd cus-
tom to sanction it, but that even if there were
the record of this institution of late years has
been suA as to forfeit all claim upon the gen-
erosity of Congress.
The fact is admitted that the faculty and
students of this college helped to fill the ranks
of the confederate army. That fact clearly
indicates the character of the lessons incul-
cated within its walls. When the_ tempest
of civil war came upon the nation, this college
closed its doors, its teachers and students
going into the rebel ranks, and fighting for
four long years to destroy the Government
of there fathers. The president ofthis college
admits this fact in a communication which has
been laid upon our desks. He states that
" when civil war was inaugurated, most of the
faculty entered the State service, and were
subsequently transferred to that of the con-
federacy."
This is a very mild way of stating the case,
but I take it that, the "transfer" to the ser-
vice of the cohfederacy was the natural result
of an enlistment m the service of the State,
and that the "transfer" Was neither unex-
pected nor distasteful to the gentlemen.
And now the president of this college,Re-
lieved by the ^race of Congtes from the disa-
bilities which he incurred by connection with
the rebellion, asks in behalf of his institution
a bouiity of $65,000 from the Government lie
fought to destroy!
It is a part, moreover, of the history of this
case that when our Army reached Williams-
burg it found these college buildings occupied
as barracks for the rebel forces, and at a later
period, when the tide of conflict surged back-
ward and forward, resulting one day in a vic-
tory and the tiext day in a repulse, this college
was used as a rebel tort, and from its windows
the missiles of treason sent wounds and death
into the ranks of Union soldiers; and when
this stronghold was captured, the comrades of
the men who had suffered from its being used
as a defense for rebels applied the torch to it,
so that its walls might be no longer used as a
cover behind which rebel guns might be aimed
at loyal hearts. The destruction of the col-
lege was the act of exasperated soldiery at the
end of a stubborn fight, acting on their
own motion, without orders from their offi-
cers.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is a well-settled prin-
ciple in our legislation that this Government
will not regard itself bound to make good the
losses which are the incidents of war where
such losses result from the acts of soldiers act-
ing without the command of their officers. This
Government has repeatedly refused to indem-
nify even loyal men for such losses, for it
could not afford to break down the barrier
between the national Treasury and bankruptcy,
even where the claimants were loyal, and where
there were meritorious circumstances com-
mending claims to most favorable consider-
ation. I could, if time permitted, cite numer-
ous precedents in the past, which affirm this
position, but I take it that the position will
not be seriously controverted.
And if Congress refuses to extend relief to
loyal claimants, with what show of consist-
ency can it relieve the disloyal from the con-
sequences of their own acts? The managers
and faculty of this college suffered a loss which
was the direct consequence of a rebellion
which they aided and abetted. They "sowed
the wind" and "reaped the whirlwind," and
I cannot vote to cast the burden of their loss
upon the loyal men who tried to avert the
conflict which they aided to inaugurate.
There is therefore no custom, law, or pre-
cedent to justify the appropriation of this
money; but even if there were, I would not
vote for this bill, because it is destitute of a
single circumstance which commends itself to
my sense of generosity or equity. I am sur-
prised that any bill of this character ever suc-
ceeded iu getting through a committee of this
House. I am astonished that it receives the
support of any gentlemen upon this floor who
believe in making treason odious and loyalty
honorable. I can understand why the_ Dem-
ocratic party in this House, in view of its past
relations and present sympathies, votes solid
in favor of this appropriation; but I fail to
find in it anything which commends it to Re-
publican support. If the committee which
reported this bill believe that there is any_ pre-
cedent to justify donations from the national
Treasury to aid colleges, and it can find $65,000
there which is not needed for any other pur-
pose, then it can find abundant opportuni-
ties to invest the money in aid of institutions
which inculcated loyalty and patriotism, and,
under the influence of their teachings, sent
gallant and earnest students to swell the
armies of the Republic.
message froll the sekath.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed without
amendment an act (S. R. No. 1663) author-
izingthe Warren National Bank, of South Dan
vers, in the State of Massachusetts, to change
its name to the Warren National Bank of
Peabody, Massachusetts.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed an act (S. No. 616) to re-
lease to the State of Indiana the lands known
as the bed of Beaver lake, in Newton county,
in said State; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message announced, in conclusion, that
the President had notified the Senate he had
approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act (S. No. 187) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for a national currency
secured by pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved June 8, 1864; and
An act (S. No. 384) extending the time for
the completion of the Green bay and Sturgeon
bay and Lake Michigan ship-canal, in the State
of Wisconsin.
PUBLICATION OF THE DEBATES*
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, the House
will soon be asked to act upon a contract for
the publication of the debates and proceed-
ings of Congress, and I take this opportunity
to call attention to a bill to provide for this
work, which I was permitted to present on the
12th of February last, and to suggest the rea-
sons that in my judgment entitle it to favor-
able consideration. By Way of preface to
what I desire to submit with respect to the bill
itself, I beg permission to refer briefly to the
various efforts to report and publish the debates
, . . , 1,1 I.
art of stenography which enables Us to jilace
