2270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
engineer soldiers on extra duty.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2227) to regulate the employment of engineer
soldiers on extra duty; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ann e. hallowell.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2228) granting a pension to Ann E. Hallo-
well; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
homestead settlements.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 127) restoring to settlement under
the homestead law certain lands within five
miles of the Des Moines river, in the State of
Iowa; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
swamp lands.
Mr. HAWLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2229) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to enable the State of Arkansas and other
States to reclaim swamp lands within their
limits," approved September 28, 1850, and
the amendment thereof, approved March 2,
1855; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
amendment of constitution.
Mr. HAWLEY also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 128) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitu tion; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
freight, etc., on union pacific railroad.
Mr. WELLS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 129) in reference to carrying freight
and passengers on the Union Pacific railroad
and its branches; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
horses, etc., lost in military service.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2230) makingfurther'provisions
for compensation for horses and other property
lost or destroyed while in the military service
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, aud ordered to be printed
soole university.
Mr. HANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No
2231) to provide for the admission of books
maps, charts, statuary, &c., for Soul6 Uni-
versity free of duty ; which was read afirstanc
second time, referred to the Committee o;
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed
iort smith military reservation.
Mr. SNYDER introduced a bill (H. R. No
2232) to dispose of lands in the military re
serve at Fort Smith, Arkansas; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
mary j. corcoran.
Mr. STOUGHTON introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2233) for the relief of Mary J. Cor-
coran, widow of Henry Corcoran, late of the
twelfth Michigan infantry ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
removal or political disabilities.
Mr. CONNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2234) to remove the legal and political disabil
ities of certain citizens of the State of Texas;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
mary mullins.
Mr. DONNAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2235) for the relief of Mary Mullins;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
niagara ship-canal.
Mr. DONNAN also presented a memorial
and joint resolution of the State of Iowa, rela-
tive to the Niagara ship-canal; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
marine hospital, sioux city, iowa.
Mr. ORR introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2236)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
purchase a site and erect thereon a building
to be used as a marine hospital in Sioux City,
Iowa; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed,
s. S. SIIUMAN.
Mr. RUSK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2237) to relieve S. S. Shurnan, late of the first
Iowa cavalry, from the charge of desertion,
aud to authorize the payment to him of pay,
allowance, and bounty for the whole time he
was in the military service of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
improvement ojf st. croix river.
Mr. RUSK also presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, for
the protection of the navigation of the St.
Croix river, and the improvements thereof;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
removal of indians.
Mr. RUSK also presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, ask-
ing the removal of certain bands of roving In-
dians to their western reservation ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to bo printed.
asylum for soldiers' orphans.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin, presented
a memorial of the State of Wisconsin, asking
for authority to the board of managers of the
National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers to trans-
fer a parcel of grouud to the State of Wiscon-
sin for the uses of an asylum for the orphans
of deceased soldiers ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
removal 04' disabilities.
Mr. McGREW presented a resolution of the
constitutional conveution of West Virginia,
recommending that all political disabilities
growing out of the late civil war shall cease
in West Virginia; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
donation os united states property-.
Mr. GALLEGOS introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 130) donating certain piup-
erty of the United States in Santa Fe, New
Mexico, to St. Thomas Protestant Episcopal
Church ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be piinted.
michael m. m'cauley.
TMr. CLAGETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2239) for the relief of Michael M. Mc-
Cauley ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
helena and northern utah railroad.
Mr. CLAGETT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2238) to incorporate the Helena and
Northern Utah Railroad Company, and grant
the same the right of way through the public
lands ; which was read afirst and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
protection ok civil rights.
The SPEAKER. The States and Territo-
ries having been called for bills on leave aud
joint resolutions, they will next be called for
resolutions, and the pending bill under this
call is the bill (II. R. No. 1G47) supplemental
to an act entitled "An act to protect all citi-
zens of the United States in their civil rights,
and to furnish the means for their vindica-
tion," introduced by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Frye.] The pending question is
on the motion of the gentleman from Maine,
to order the previous question on the engross-
ment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a parliament-
ary inquiry. Is it in order now to move to lay
that bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the House on
Monday last having refused to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The House may have
changed its miud during the interval since
last Monday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not allowed
to submit twice at the same stage of a bill the
question of laying the bill on the table; and
at this stage of the bill the House has already
refused to lay it on the table. The question
recurs, will the House second the demand for
the previous question on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time ?
The House divided; and there were—ayes
66, noes 61.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman,
and Mr. Hooper of Massachusetts, were
appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 65.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question was ordered, which was on
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the engrossment and third reading of
the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be again,
reported.
The bill was again read.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 78, not voting
62 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill. Banks,
Barber, Barry, Beatty, Bcveridge, Bigby, Bingham,
George 51. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burehard
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butier, Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Cotton. Danall, Dawes, De Large, Donnan, Dun-
neli, Eames, Finkolnburg, Charles Poster, Frye
Garfield, llarmer, George E. Harris, Havens, Haw-
ley, Hays, Gerry W. H.izelton, John W. Hazelton,
Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Lamport, Lansing,
Lowe, Maynard, McCrary, JlcJunkin, Mercur, Mei -
miu, Monroe, ilorey, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Jjegley. Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peek, Pendleton, Aaron P. Perry, Poland. Porter,
Pnndle, Iiainey, Ellis H Roberts, Husk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shoemaker, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Sprague, Starkweather, Ste-
venson, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong. Sypher,Taffe
Ihomas, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twiehelf
i.yner, Upson, Wakcman, Walden, Waldron, Wal-
lace. Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, and Williams of
Indiana—100.
„¥Y5T,%srs- Acker. Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Bell, Liggs, Bud, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks, Roderick tt. Butler. Caldwell, Carroll
Coiningo, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Cropland',
Davis, Box, I)u Bose, Duke, Eldredge, Porker.
Herny D. Foster, Garrett, Golladay, Haldeman.
Hancock, Ilandley, Ilanks, Harper, John T. Harris
llerndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kendall, Kerr, King
Laimson, Leach, Lewis. Manbon, McClelland, Mc-
Coimick, MeHonry, Melntyre, MeXeely, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, llosea W.
Parker, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Iliee, Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers, Sherwood, Sliobcr,
Slater, Storm, Swann. Terry, Tuthill. Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Warren, Wells. Whitthorne.
"'"Chester, Wood, and Young—78.
aOC VOriXU—Messrs. Barnum, Austin Blair,
J arnes «. Blair, Boles, Campbell, William T. Clark,
ireeman Olarke Coghian, Creely, Crocker, Dickey,
Duell, Elhoit, Lly, l'arnvworth, Farweli, Wilder D.
hostor. Getz. Goodrich, Gnffith. Hale, Halsey, Ilaia-
bleton Hay, Hereford, Houghton, Kellogg, Ketch-
am , Killmger, Kiraeila, Lynch, Marshall, MeGrew,
Mckee, Mckinney, Moore, Niblack, Orr, Perce,
