3166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would ask the
gentleman to amend the title of this bill so
that it shall read, " a bill to establish military
prisons," and not "to establish a prison for
the Army."
Mr. COBURN. It strikes me that the pres-
ent title is just as good as the other. How-
ever, I will move to amend the title so that it
shall read " to establish a military prison."
The amendment of the title was agreed to.
MUSTER-IN OP OFFICERS.
Mr. COBCTRN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda
tion that the same do pass, House bill No.
804, declaring the meaning of the third section
of the joint resolution approved July 11,1870,
entitled "A joint resolution amendatoiy of
joint resolution for the relief of certain officers
of the Army," approved July 26, 18t>G.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a thirty time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
third section of the joint resolution approved
July 11, 1870, amendatory of joint resolution
for the relief of certain officers of the Army,
approved July 2(>, 18(!G, shall not be construed
to limit the application of the first and second
sections of said joint resolution, exceptin those
eases wherein, at the time of issuing commis-
sion, there was no lawful vacancy existing
into which the officer could be mustered.
!Mr. COBURN. I will explain this bill very
briefly to the House. It is a bill to construe
a joint, resolution that was passed in 180(1, and
also an amendatory joint, resolution, passed in
1870. The joint resolution of 1870 provided
that officers who had been on duty with their
companies or regiments but were not mustered
should he considered as mustered back to the
time at which they went upon that duty under
thoir commissions. If they went on the duty
at the date of their commission then they
should be mustered back to that date.
The second section of that joint, resolution
provided that officers who were in rebel prib
ons or who were sielc in hospitals and were
com missioned to a higher grade than the one
held at, the time they were put into prison or
hospital, should be mustered back to the date
of til eir commission and paid accordingly.
The third section of that joint resolution
provided that, the two previous sections should
not apply in tiny case when; the officer could
not have been mustered even if he hud his
commission. The committee propose to put
u construction upon t,lie third section to the
effect, that the exception shall only be con-
Htrucd to apply to cases where there was no
lawful vacancy existing at the time the com-
mission was issued. The members of the
House aie aware that there were quite a num-
ber of eases in tfie Army where men have
been put upon duly at a higher grade than
the one to which they were mustered, having
their commissions in their possession, and
when there was no officer about with authority
to muster them in. They have gone on for
weeks and months performing the duties of an
office ol higher grade, expecting to be mus-
tered and paid according to the grade of
their commission; but when they came to
be mustered out they could not get their
pay according to their commission. There
were besides many other officers who were
languishing in prison or in hospital, who, by
no fault of their own, were prevented from
being mustered. The object of the law of
18U6 and the law of 1870 was to provide that
these men should be paid back to the date of
their commission, or the date when they en-
tered upon duty under their commissions. It
is a just provision, and it strikes me that the
muster back should be according to the lan-
guage of the acts of 1866 and 1870. But the
Adjutant General of the Army and Secretary
of War have construed the first two sections
of that joint resolution to be utterly null and
void, and deprived of all force and effect by
reason of the provisions of the third section—
a most astonishing construction—a construc-
tion which makes Congress stultify itself by
declaring in a little section at the end of the
law all the previous provisions of the law null
and void. According to a fair construction
effect should be given to the entire law and all
its provisions be enforced ; this is not done.
I yield to my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stoughton.]
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to treat this question with perfect fairness ;
arid I hope the House will fully understand
the question before acting upon it. I confess
I am somewhat surprised at the action of the
chairman of the committee in reporting this
hill. Only three or four days ago, as the
chairman and my colleagues upon the com-
mittee will bear witness, the committee voted
down a proposition of this kind which had
come from the Senate and was referred to our
committee ; and after a full discussion of the
question the measure was placed in my hands
by the chairman to be reported to the House
adversely. This bill, I understand, was passed
by the committee a long time a?o. For my
own paitl had thought that the discussion the
other day in committee covered the whole
ground, and I think that, was the impression
of other members of the committee. I do
not of course impute any bad faith to my
friend tho chairman of the committee. I
meiely refer to this fact to show that I am,
and 1 think my colleagues on the committee
are also, taken by surprise.
Now, sir, a few words as to the merits of
this proposition. It may be, and doubtless is,
plausible on its face ; but it is a pernicious and
dangerous measure. If passed, it sweeps away
and destroys all the muster-rolls of the Army ;
and you might just as well burn up your Adju-
tant General's office. If there are special
cases of hardship, they may be removed by
special legislation ; but to pass a sweeping
general bill which will take millions of dollars
out of the Treasury without any real reason,
will be unjust to ourselves and unjust to the
Government,.
To show I am not mistaken as to the effect
of this measure, 1 send to the Clerk's desk to
be read a report from the Secretary of War on
this subject.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
"Wak Dkfartmknt. January 16,1871.
Tho Secietary of War bus tho honor to submit to
tho House ot Rei>resen t ati ve«, in uuswer to the res-
olution of January 4, 1871, the accompanying report
ot tho Adjutant General upon the construction
placed by the War Department upon the law of July
11, 1870, for tho relief of certain otficery of volun-
teers, unci to state that if tho construction alleged to
bo correct by certain claimants under that act is
hold to bo the true intent of the buy, the rules and
regulations by which sonic eigbty-fivethousand vol-
unteer ouiociH wcie controlled during the courso of
tho late war will ho overthrown; thousands of raus-
ter-rolls, certified at their date, under thsArtieles
ot War, as exhibiting tho " truo state" of tho com-
mand, will be invalidated, and large appropriations
ot money, (nearly twenty million dollars,) will be
needed to settle claims, the justness of which can-
not always be definitely ascertained at a date so
remote iroui that of thoir oiigin.
WM. W. BELKNAP, Secretary of War.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Here is a cool propo-
sition to take nearly twenty million dollars out
of the Treasury. I trust it will not be pushed
through here without opportunity for a full
explanation and a full understanding of its real
effect.
There were during the war some eighty-five
thousand officers. Now, what would be the
effect if you set aside the muster-rolls of the
Army and let all these officers draw pay from
the date of their commission? Any one can
see that under such a law as this every officer
iu the service could come in and claim extra
pay once, twice, and perhaps three times.
Take an instance and see how it would work.
We will suppose that in an engagement the
colonel of a regiment is killed. The lieuten-
ant colonel, if he was a good man, did not,
of course, desire the colonel's death; but the
death of the colonel is nevertheless a benefit
to him, because he gets promotion by it. It
takes, we will say, one week for the news of the
colonel's death to go to his State, and another
week for the lieutenant colonel's commission
as colonel to come on ; arid then the new
colonel ismustered in. Thus there intervenes
half a month between the death of one
colonel and the mustering in of another.
It is true that during this interval the lieu-
tenant colonel acts as colonel commanding j
but it is to his interest to do so. He would
rather be acting colonel than serving as lieu-
tenant colonel. Now, would you in a case of
that kind open the pay-rolls and allow parol
proof to be introduced to show that he was a
colonel, when the muster-rolls show he was
not. If you allow extra pay in all such cases,
it is hard to estimate how much money may be
required. As I have said, there were eighty-
five thousand officers during the late war, and
there was scarcely one of them w'ho was not
at some time promoted. Heace, this provision
will come into operation in the case of almost
every officer. How unjust and expensive it
will be must be obvious, I think, to every one.
There is another point to which I invite at-
tention. At the opening of the war Congress
provided that the volunteer troops should be
placed upon an equality with regulars. That
was a benefit to the volunteer troops; it gave
them rank and character. But, sir, it is an
established principle in the regular Army, and
in the Army regulations, that an officer only
takes rank and diaws pay from the time he is
mustered. The muster is in the nature of a
solemn obligation between the Government
and the officer. On the part of the officer
it is an obligation that he will faithfully dis-
charge his duty, that he will obey the orders
of his superiors, and that he will support the
Constitution of the United States; and on the
part of the Government, that it will pay the
amount due such officer, and recognize him as
an officer of the grade in which he is mustered.
Whom does it take to make the contract? Evi-
dently it takes both the Government and the
officer. No one else can make it. Now it is
proposed to have the muster date back to a
time when no such contract could possibly be
made. When the delay in muster was the
fault of the Government during the war, it was
always dated back. If exceptional cases exist,
they ought to be the subject of special legis-
lation. 1 hope the House will not pass a law
so dangerous and pernicious as this without
considering its full bearing and effect.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, to move to lay this
bill upon the table.
Mr. POLAND rose.  ■
Mr. COBUKN. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Vermont presently. The gentleman
from Michigan has expressed some surprise
that this bill was reported ; that the commit-
tee had resolved to lay a bill like this upon
the table. A bill from the Senate came in
construing the second section of a joint reso-
lution approved July 11, 1870, entitled ') A
joint resolution amendatory of joint resolution
for the relief of certain officers of the Army,
approved July 26, I860." Inasmuch as the
gentleman alludes to what has been done in
the committee, let me state what transpired.
A bill came from the Senate construing the
second section only. It was before the com-
mittee, and I proposed to amend it by con-
struing the first and third sections of the joint
resolution of 1870, and that the third section
should not be construed to limit the applica-
tion of the first and second sections of said
joint resolution, exceptin those cases wherein,
at the time of issuing commission, there was
no vacancy existing into which the officer
could be mustered; provided that this act
shall not be construed to apply to officers in
companies, or to field officers in regiments
