4062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
der companies iu the country, and they will
practically monopolize the powder business,
because they and they alone have works which
will enable them to refine crude saltpeter which
is brought here from the Bast Indies. It will
crush out all the small powder-mills. It will
leave the monopoly not only of powder in the
hands of these five large companies, but it
will put the monopoly of refining saltpeter in
the hands of these companies and the supply
of saltpeter for the beef and pork packing of
the country. N.ow, the domestic saltpeter
made from the muriate of potash and nitrate
of soda has been proved to be as good an arti-
cle for beef and pork packing as the best In-
dia saltpeter. I have here a dozen letters from
prominent beef and pork packers in various
cities of the West, all attesting that it is un-
surpassed in quality. More than that, I have
here a list of the powder companies which are
now using domestic saltpeter for the manufac-
ture of all kinds of powder except the very finest
sporting powder.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator if the
Government will buy an ounce of powder made
from anything but foreign saltpeter?
Mr. SAWYER. To that I reply that during
the war the Government used very large quan-
tities of domestic powder, and that had they
not used it they would not have been able to
use any.
Mr. POMEROY. In every contract they
put in a special provision that every ounce of
powder shall be made from foreign saltpeter.
Mr. SAWYER. I will answer again that
the Government did use large quantities of it
during the war, and that they found it to he
as pure as the purest article made from East.
India crude saltpeter. I answer, too, to the
Senator that the American Powder Company
of Boston, the Oriental Powder-Mills at
Portland, the Hazard Powder Company of
Connecticut, the Laflin & Iland Powder Com-
pany, and the Dupont Powder Company, are
now using the domestic saltpeter; and that
these companies nearly all, if not all of them,
are manufacturing this saltpeter from muriate
of potash and nitrate of soda for themselves.
More than that, the tonnage employed in
importing the articles of which the domestic
saltpeter is made is fully twice what would be
used to import the saltpeter itself; for it takes
two tons of raw material to make one ton of
the refined saltpeter.
If you break down the American manufac-
turers of saltpeter, you put us in this posi-
tion : all the crude saltpeter which is imported
comes from Hindostan and is completely under
the control of the British Government. Form-
erly the British Government put upon the
export of this article a duty of one and a half
cents in gold per pound. After the Trent affair
occurred, although large American orders for
crude saltpeter had gone forward, the export-
ation was prohibited in consequence of the
threatening appearance of the relations be-
tween Great Britain and the United States.
Whenever Great Britain gets into a war she
will again, as she has in the past, prohibit the
exportation of saltpeter from her East India
possessions, and we shall, having destroyed our
own manufactories, be entirely cut off from a
supply of this article. j.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor's time has expired.
Mr. POMEllOY. The Senator from South
Carolina has made his remarks on the sup-
position that saltpeter was on the free list. It
is not on the free list at all by the action of
the Senate. That letter which the Senator
has read was written having reference to the
action of the House. The House did put it
upon the free list, but the Senate in Committee
of the Whole put itattherate of about twenty-
five percent, ad valorem, being atone cent, a
cent and a half, and two cents, according to the
different qualities. The present duty is over
fifty-five per cent.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. I can prove it to him by the
figures.
Mr. POMEROY. The cost of it is about
seven cents a pound. Now the Senator can
judge himself.
Mr. SAWYER. I can show the exact
figures.
Mr. POMEROY. I have it all figured out.
The action of the Senate in Committee of the
Whole was taken after debate, and by a two-
thirds vote upon a call of the yeas and nays
we placed the duty a( twenty-five per cent.
ad valorem; that is, it averages that. It is a
duty of one, one and a half, and two cents.
I atn satisfied to let it be there, although I
think saltpeter ought to be free; but as a
compromise between what the House did,
which was to put it on the free list, and fifty-
five per cent, on it, the Senate, probably
wisely, concluded to put it at about twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem,. Now letit be there.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. What did the
committee report?
Mr. POMEROY. About thirty-seven or
forty per cent. I only want to say, as I know
how anxious the Senate is to take the vote,
that having adopted this amendment in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the Senator from the
committee who moved the proposition saying
he would accept the amendment if he had it,
in his power to do so, that many of the oom-
miltee desired to have it free. I hope it- will
be adhered to. It is a compromise on this
subject between the sentiment of having it free
and leaving it at fifty or fifty five per cent, ad
valorem. I submit that after having adopted
this amendment by a two-thirds vote on the
yeas and nays, upon the basis of twenty-five
per cent., it ought to stand. I prefer to have
it on the free list, and if the Senate vote upon
the question again I shall move to put it on the
free list.
As the Senate fully understand this ques-
tion, I only want to say that this tariff of
twenty-live per cent, as agreed to in Commit-
tee of the Whole should not be disturbed. If
we disturb it in any way, let us put it where
the House put it, and I shall try to convince
the Senate that that is the right way. The
only real question at issue between the Sen-
ator from South Carolina and myself is whether
the manufacture of saltpeter made by two estab-
lishments, and only two, one in Connecticut
and one in New York, is equal to the foreign.
The Senator says it is; I think it is not; the
Government thinks it is not. I know the great
packers of pork and beef in Cincinnati, St.
Louis, and Chicago will not buy the domestic
article if they can get the foreign.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SAWYER. I trespass on the attention
of the Senate to correct a statement of the
Senator from Kansas in reference to the pres-
ent duty. Crude saltpeter is worth six cents a
pound in gold. The present duty on it is two
and a half cents a pound. Two and a half cents
on six is about forty-one and two thirds per
cent. Putting it at six and a quarter cents, it
is about forty per cent. On partially refined,
worth six and a half cents, the present duty
is two cents; and it is supposed that that
is a mistake; none of it has ever been en-
tered, but that would be a duty of thirty-eight
and a half per cent., instead of fifty-five per
cent. Following through all the prices we
find the average of duty to be forty per cent,
at present. Now, the protection which the
amendment that has been adopted would give,
one cent on crude saltpeter, would be sixteen
and two thirds per cent, instead of twenty-
five.
The Senator says that the home-made salt-
peter is not of as good quality. We actually
produce in this country more than three eighths
of' all that is consumed. The powder com-
panies to which I have referred of their own
authority confess that they use this saltpeter
for making large quantities of powder. The
tests show that the American saltpeter has
reached a degree of purity considerably greater
than the average saltpeter which is refined here
from the East India saltpeter. All that can
be established without any sort of question ;
and the only motion that has come to put salt-
peter on the free list has come from one sin-
gle powder company, that wants to swallow
up all other powder companies. When that
powder company found that gunpowder was
,put oa the free list, they thought they had
made a mistake and they wanted to draw off;
but they will be very well satisfied if my friend
can secure for them free saltpeter, so that they
can crash out the saltpeter works in our coun-
try and thereby give them not only the monop-
oly of the powder business, which they want
and are tryiug to get now by crushing out all
small powder concerns, but at the same time
the monopoly of furnishing this country with
saltpeter.
Mr. POMEROY. Now, I ask the Senator
from Delaware who moved the original amend-
ment if he will give us the figures he gave
before in regard to the present tariff on salt-
peter? He gave it to us yesterday from his
own book.
Mr. CONKLING. As I am entitled to the
floor, I believe, and wantonly half a moment,
I wish to ask the Senator from South Caro-
lina, who seems to understand this question,
why he argues this as if saltpeter was to be
put on the free list? I understand now we
have made an average duty of twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SAWYBR. Oh, no.
Mr. CONKLING. How much does the
Senator say it is?
Mr. BAYARD. I will answer the Sen-
ator from New York by reference to page
13 of the compilation of the chief of the
Bureau of Statistics. The average calcula-
tion of duties is here: upon saltpeter par-
tially refined the present duty is stated to be
equal to forty-eight and five eighths per cent.
ad valorem; upon crude saltpeter, sixty and
seven eighths per cent.; refined, fifty and one
quarter per cent. That is the statement.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, what is the aver-
age rate we fixed in Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. BAYARD. As it now stands by the
bill there is a reduction of one half upon
crude, one third upon partially refined, and
one fifth upon refined.
Mr. SAWYER. The average is about
twenty-five per cent., but it will be noted that
it is the crude that is imported. There is very
little of the refined that is imported. If the
importations were equal of the three kinds,
the statement would be correct.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the reduction
on crude?
Mr. BAYARD. One half.
Mr. CONKLING. And crude is now forty-
eight per cent.
Mr. BAYARD. No, sixty per cent.
Mr. SAWYER. That represents the duties
computed upon the invoice price in the East
Indies; and we all well understand that the
invoice price is a very much lower price than
the real value, and that constant frauds are
practiced in this matter.
Mr. CONKLING. Has my friend any
information that warrants him in assuring us
that the manufacturers whom he is seeking to
protect cannot live at this duty ?
Mr. SAWYER. I have reason to believe
that they cannot live at all on the reduction
which has been made in Committee of the
Whole, or I should not say a word about it.
Mr. CONKLING. I have received a good
many communications about it, and 1 am
bound to admit that the Senator from Kansas
states a fact when he states that they were
written by those who feared that saltpeter was
put on the free list. I am a good deal at a
loss to know, from the material before me,
