18T2.J
TO TflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42d Cong....2d
The T&riff—Mr. Sutherland.
Ho. op BBfii
loss of floating logs that prudence hM been
accustomed to provide agaitlst: The over-
stocking of the market involves a loss of prite.
This should be gain etio'ugh to the CotisutiiSr.
It will accomplish quite as much reduction
in the absence of these extraofdihary cirCuta-
stances, would result from thfe proposed things
of impost duties.
The two causes of reductibft Operating to-
gether cannot fail to have a disastrous effect.
When it is remembered, too,5 that lumbering
has not had the same treasure of protection in
the past as the Other industries of the country#
it must be anticipated that this large reduction
of duty will produce distress and discontent;
for there" will bfe, Over largg districts,* a
of unjust discriiriiiisition against,,a straggling
Interest. This interest in the Northwest has
tome into beitt<* datirig the! last Wefltf jk&th.
in the beginning it was unimportant, and, Cor-
ing the eleven years of the reciprocity treaty,
it had to contend With 3ri unrestricted eottt-
petition from CamSda, while the Mp'etise of
manufacture was- greatly augmented by the
duties on the supplies Ituftb'fe'ftelfeAt CaffStffrfech
and that added to the itstiyHkiS 6'b'lifM
to pay. These duties were protective to every-
body else from 1861, arid tftdttrfefty cotifiniiWi
uiitil 1866. During this ivfe' yearii, tffieti tlife
first inilative effect of a protective tariff was'
being experienced, aggravated to Itfmbeffltefi
by the feupervehing depfe^iatiott tif th'e cur-
rency, they were compelled to dispose of their
lumber in markets where IStge quantities from
the neighboring province cata'fe m free c6"ffipe-
tition with it; made where no Such disadvan-
tages, embarrassing and increasing tht 6cMt of
production, existed. , .
Lu the majority bill the aggregate reduction
o'f import duties', elusive of tea &ftS <toffee,
they having been made free by in&ependfeilt
legislation, is only about eleven million dol-
lars. For th<4 fiscal year ending Jtine 30, 1871,
the present schedule of duty's produce# 6v'er
i, two hundred and six million dollars, and for the
current year it Will prhbafoly prMtibi $240;-
000,000. Yet to . reduce the revenue from
customs to the trifling amount of $11,000,000,
this bill proposes to reduce the duty On s'a'lt
sixty per cent., and thaton lumber fifty percent.
Is this a fair and proportionate reduction?
The following remarks of the' honorable gfeH-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. FinKblnburg,]
who is a member of the committee th'at re-
ported the bill and faVOi's its parage, Cotifain
data that will place the injustice of this reduc-
tion in a strortg light:
" Th6 proposed reductions" tafen SeparatSty 4Srp
smalt jis to operate entirely tfithin tile margin o't
profits at most, and do not involve the abstract ques-
tions of protection or free trade at all. a'ntf henCe I
do not think that even a dis'ou'ssion of those funda-
mental prmoif>lesandth'e0ries6an legitimately ariso
out of this bill. The reflations are of s'U'ch' a char-
acter as to leave a'mple protection to' any industry
in the land, even 0«th>e pYoWctionHfs'oWn griiiiid.
They simply1 terrd' to dWest sonWs-of theitt Of th'at
superabundant prtfteetioii Whi'chf smells of mowofi-
oly. and wMefr ft Was" never ftftcmled tb6y glioma
enjoy after the" iYogi'o{ flrt \Caf, a d to bridg- them
within the healthful rules of competition which £ven
tho theoretical' protectionist admits to be desirable.
"With the exception of a" few articles like coat
and palt. tho reductions aVerasre, ia most cases', but
twenty per cent, on existing rates." * * *
" On cotton fabrics We pi'o'pose-a'reduetion of about
twenty percent, on the higher duties, leaving those
which do not exceed thirty-five per cent, to stand as
they aro. I believe no candid person fatnili'ar with
the condition of the cotton-mills of New England
will say that such a reduction as that will either hurt
this flourishing industry or check its prosperity in'
^dulron, steel, and their products, o Iik6wise pro-
pose an average reduction ot about twenty to
twenty-four per cent., BtiikinS it less o'A the pig for
reason that it was reduced two dollars a tori in the
last Congress, while bars, blooms, and manufactures
generally were not reduced at all." "
"I have.paid some attention of late to the pro-
portion of the cost of labor to the whole oost ot
manufactured products, andl have found somewhat
to my oWn surprise tha!t it rarely exceeds twenty-
five per cent. For instance, labor represents ofoly
fifteen to twenty per cent, hi pig iron, only fifteen
P&r cent. Ifi Woolert feoSdj; etfty-tHo her dint, in
cotton goods, eighteen per oeht. in papier, and in
itsipks down,
manufacturer
  ...   ... in sweeteried
plug tobacco costs loss than the! licorice which goes
into it, I have,all th.ese figures froin the statements
of manufacturers" themselves, ,
"The Btjlfc bf thd 6ost is iiwiifs in the niaterial,
besides such items as fuel; rent, interest. &e. Now,
even taking tyenty-fivo per cent, as the( average
oost bf labor, it will be perceived that a protection
of Only tSe'nty-five'pfer cent, oft the Whole' valiie of
the firticieS is equal to;a ptoteotion of one hundred
per cent, on tlie labor that,goes, into the article ; a
duty of fifty per c£nt. o'ti the value is equal to two
hundred i)  ceht. oh the lrfbor ;• sfe^cnty-fivb pfer
cent, on the value is equal, to three hundred per
cent, on the labor, and a ^uty.of opp hundred,per
oent, on tlie value, such as we Have several of on
tltir tJiriff schedule, aiilouriH to.a pfdteetien tif foitt
hundred per cbnt. on the labor!"
It appears that the cdmmittee have en-
deavored to adjust the reductions generally ac-
cording to the relative amorfnt o'f labor repre-
sented in the fihished products of the differerit
industrifes that fcatae lihder the leveling prd-
cess, ahd with a iKewto cause no future enibaf-
raSstnent t6~ theiri. But by some sridngfe over-
sight this consideration has been Wholly lost
sight of in the reduction in question. From
personal acquaintance with the subject, I can
vouch for the fact that eighty per cent, of the
value of lumber, and moro than ninety per
6ent. of the cost of salt manufactured in Michi-
gan, is labor.
Timber standing will average In value three
dollars per thousand feet. It costs on an
average, exclusively for labor, to cut and con-
vey tfrfe tifftb'M in t6' ti mill for m'Ainnfac-
tuh, glit dMMrrf p£f th'ft'iyatVd. It costs f -l 60
gnd, 6'ftSri iAore per thiou'sand for sawihg, and
in the apportionment of this.expense one dol-
lar a thousand is allowed, for the use of.the
mill; the residua is wholly for work. This
allowance for the mill covers interest 6n capi-
tal in th'e frfrll, the we«f And! tear of the ma-
chiff^r^,' aWd th6 fexp'eft'S6s of kfeSpttg it in'
repair. The sum frf th'eSft items is $13 50 p'kt
thorn sand. The lumberman that can get four-
teen dollars fof the lurtiber frora his logs, with-
ortt transportatiofi utider as favorable state of
the fnarket, as has heretofore generally existed,
has reason- to congratulate himself. 1 fancy
the entirfe production of the district I repre-
sent would be will'rrfgly So'l'd at this price.
In this calculation the mafiutiuHiifer of lumber
has a margin of fifty cent^ per thousand feet
for profits, after paying tire $13 50 a'nd tak-
ing the thousand arid ofie risks incident to the
multifarious operations that belong to the busi-
ness. In market the lumber is classified accord-
ing tif quality. After tra'ftspoftation And the
incurring of sUfi'dry expens'es, it reaches the
COTis-uitter at such pfices as ate changed at dif-
ferent 1'0'cali'tieS:
There are l'a'rge pineries' in thd province of
Onta'rio Which belong to the Government.
Tini'bSf ca'ft be ha'd at a nominal price, the
cheaper labor of that country converting it
ifito lumber for twenty-five pet cent, less than
it costs' here. The Jiine is adjacent to the
great northern lakes, and therefore can be
shipped to all the markets of this country with
irt> greatef expense thart is incident to the
transportation of O'urS.
The reductions of the tariff provided foi1 by
these bills will not diminish wages; out lum-
ber cannot be made fo¥ less than heretofore.
Then, either the manufacture rtm'st be sus-
pended and our markets abandoned to the for-
eigner; or a sacrifice must be accepted by the
owner of the material, or by the laborers who
are employed in Working it. The importation
of lumber by o'ur northern neighhors will re-
duce the price in a competition', and this alter-
native of prejudice Will necessarily ensue,
A reduction of the tariff On lumber corre-
sponding to that oft other manufactures Wduld
he accepted: without Complaint, though for
reastms I have suggested lumbermen might
ask H mdte favbt-ablfe cdfisidefatiott of tleii?
interests;
The shppl? of salt tci dut populatibh, to
i&feke that supply ample and perinahbrit, atid
to place it above and beyond all contth|gfti#
of #at ot political change, is df national con-
cern: The fcrttde material exists abundantly
iti mote thSn half the States of this' Union.
In several, (is Well as in Some of the Territories,
it exists in a crystallized state, and only re-
quires the labor of digging or mining. More
generally, hoive^ef, salt Is obtained from brine
by boiling of solar evaporation. Its manu-
facture involves the use of only moderate cap-
ital, and it does no't tequirfe skilled labbr, at
least tho necessary skill is soon acquired by
tlie common laborer. The Crude material is
tettitbtialty Well distributed ; it exists in co'n-
fehietit localities, from Which it can be con-
veyed to corisiitiitetS in all other localities with-
out long of e^p&nsite ttgrisp'6rtation. Where"
it is found it underlies large tracts of cbtifitrj'.
Tti&sfe facts warrant two very important con-
cfMtsns: the business of furhishihg salt to this
nation cannot become the subject of any
sKdnopoly; it can be furnished at as low price
as' i^ill cover the labor Of Making it ana the
use of the capital employed. It all foreign
Salt Were excluded by prohibited duties,
domestic salt would bfe famished td every
family at prices fegiilated by the S&iiie stand-
ard as Cvfery other thing produced by Ameri-
can labor is. Enterprise and Capital are too
constantly and intelli^ntl^ alert tb permit the
m'&fltff&i'tu'i-e an'd distribution to W carried ort
by sd ft# (isio be ove'r-lucfft'tivfe,- or the siipply
e^ef' deffMcht. Lrfbo'r Urtd Coital employed
i« this busin^^s dan nev^r httve any advantage
btfef tH4 capifa'l a'fid labor Sevo'ted to any
other productive enterprise; tWfe'rft will always
be an equifibrium of profits in those lines of
(yrodttctio'n which are open to the Whole public.
The mianufacture of thirty-Mo million bush-
els would at this time be sufficient to supply
the auiirial demand. This was the attiount of
the Consumption iu 1871. Nearly two thirds
of fhis quantity WW produced in this country;
the resiaite Was imported. The revenue pro-
duced fro'iA thb importatibn o'f twelve million
IrashelS under the present tariff Wai but a trifle
Over one friillio'n two hundred aind fifty thou-
sand dollars, a very insignificant part 6f the
revefftris ffom Customs, as ifrould be any
a'fnoun'fc that can possibly be realized from this
article. Those who' favor such a reduction of
the dutya's is' provided for ihthisbill probably
do not co'nteYiipI&te any increase from the
change. If the annual Consumption should
reach thirty-five million b'usheis per year, and
should be £iitireiy imported,' the Revenue
derived from it would only be about fifteen
hundred thousand dollars. IlenCe the ques-
tion of revenue is the least important question
involved.
The entire quantity will he imported if do-
mestic production is not so protected by duties
that the salt made in this country can be sold
for a price that affords as full a remuneration
to labor and'capital as can be realized in other
industrial pursuits. , The people can afford, to
pay that price. They pay according to that
standard for everything else produced in this
country. Import duties are adjusted to main-
tain that price. If this policy were persisted
in, in respect to salt, we should have freer salt
tli'aii can be had uncfcr any other policy. I
admit that salt can be furnished from other
countries at a less price than we can make it.
The reason is that labor is not as well paid in
other countries as here, ft is no part of the
theory of our American Government to make
labor cheap; but rather to SO en'Courage in-
dustry as to create and keep up such a demand
for labor that it may* always be liberally re-
warded.
But while it is true that salt can be brought
