1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
13?S
barely adequate for the work. The whole
force, as I have said, must be retained and
paid by the contractors, whether idle or busy.
If, however, the work were done at the Gov-
ernment Office, steady employment could at
all times be furnished. There would be no
waiting for copy, and no lime lost. The
moment the proceedings of Congress were in
type and ready for the press the whole force
could be turned on other work, and the
result would be a large decrease of expense in
the publication of the debates, and greater
dispatch in the execution of the other work.
By not giving Ilives & Bailey the contract
for the binding we saved, according to the
estimates of the Congressional Printer, over
thirty-four thousand dollars on the work of the
Forty-First Congress. Had the printing been
transferred to the Government Office also, we
would not only have saved the much larger
sum indicated, but would have been the owner
of the stereotype plates, from which the debates
and proceedings might, should the demand
ever require it, be duplicated to any extent at
a comparatively trifling expense. In all esti-
mates the cost of these plates is included, and
they have been paid for year after year, but
are still not ours. In the case of Little & Brown,
the authorized publishers of the laws, the con-
tract is iu this respect different, the stereotype
plates being reserved by Congress as the prop-
erty of the Government.
As incidental to the work of publishing the
proceedings of Congress, and resulting from
it, is the immense business of printing and
furnishing members and party committees
with spoeches for circulation among the peo-
ple. The matter being in type, the actual cost
to the publishers of doing this work comprises
only the value of paper and press-work, while
they get the full rates charged by job printers.
This business, obtained by reason of their
being the publishers of the debates, affords
them probably a profit of $30,000 a year.
This, of course, is a private matter, with which
Congress has no business except in so far as
it goes to show that the work of publishing
the debates, with all the petty annoyances to
which we know it must subject the contract-
ors, carries with it certain compensating ad-
vantages which a business man will not be
likely to overlook when the work is put up to
the lowest responsible bidder.
I will ask the Clerk to read an estimate of
the cost of publishing the debates lor the Forty-
Second Congress, made under the proposition
of Rives & Bailey, based upon the amount of
work done for the Forty-First Congress.
The Clerk read as follows:
Daily Globe,
13,8044 columns, at $10 SO for plain matter and $25 75
for indexed and tabular work @182,919 77
Daily to Members.
646 copies daily, at 1 cent per page  13,030 78
Quarto.
129,151,393 pases,(contained in 12,391 cop-
ies. of 10,423 pages each,) at 2 mills per
page  258,302 78
Total cost '. $454,253 33
Mr. BEATTY. As evidence that this esti-
mate is not too large, I shall incorporate in my
remarks an extract from Eives & Bailey's let-
ter of February 2, 1872, in which they say:
" The proposition for a new contract, submitted to
the joint committee in February of last year, reduces
the quantity of work to be done, by limiting the fur-
nishing of the index to a single volume of the quarto
edition, instead of inserting it in each volume, as
has been done from the Thirty-Third Congress, in-
clusive—a period of eighteen years. A careful exam-
ination shows that should the debates of the Forty-
Second Congress make the same number of pages as
were filled by tho matter of the Forty-First, the cost
to the Government will be reduced for this Congress
in the sum of more than eighteen thousand dollars."
Cost for the Forty-First Congress $472,776 98
Deduct, according to their statement  18,000,00
Their estimate of cost for Forty-Second
Congress $454,776.98
1 am told that within a few days they have I
modified their proposition in such a way as to
reduce the above estimate less than one thou-
sand dollars by consenting to accept the old
rates for tabular work.
This estimate shows that the increased rates
per column now demanded will amount to
nearly as much as we hoped -to save by the
omission of some thirty million pages of need-
less indexes, and that the reduction of matter
contemplated will not, under their proposition,
be followed by anything like a proportionate
reduction of expense.
In this connection I will say that by the
omission of these duplicated indexes we should
save $60,000, but under the bill which passed
the Senate yesterday to authorize the Congres-
sional Printer to contract with Rives & Bailey
according to the terms of a contract approved
by the Senate Committee on Printing, the
Government would save only about nineteen
thousand dollars ; or, in other words, it is pro-
posed that we shall relieve the contractors
from the labor and expense of furnishing the
duplicated indexes, and yet continue the
profits which that work would afford them if
they were to do it.
Now, I will ask the Clerk to read an esti-
mate of the cost of the same work, in which
a fair allowance is made for interest on cap-
ital, rent, labor, wear and tear of machinery,
and wastage.
The Clerk read as follows :
13,804!- columns, at $12 50  $172,556 25
129,151,393 pages, at one and a half mills
per page  193,727 08
646 dailies to members at half a cent per
page  6,515 45
$372,798 78
Amount which should be saved  $81,454 55
Mr. BBATTY. The publishers of the Globe
are entitled to great credit for their admirable
execution of their work, and for this reason,
probably, they have always found active and
influential friends in Congress. We need no
better illustration of the lengths to which gen-
tlemen will sometimes go to serve them tban
what took place near the close of the Fortieth
Congress. The House, when informed that
a satisfactory contract could not be made
with Rives & Bailey, had finally voted, by an
overwhelming majority, to transfer the work
of publishing the debates to the Government
Printing Office, when one gentleman, distin-
guished for both learning and wit, and there-
fore, probably, better qualified to judge of the
propriety of the act than most of us, proposed
to waste the valuable last hours of the session
rather than have the work taken from the old
contractors, and by his adroitness on that occa-
sion he thwarted the clearly expressed will of
the majority, and earned, let us hope, the last-
ing gratitude of his friends.
The contract of 1869 for publishing the
debates of the Forty-First Congress was made
after the expiration of the old contract, and
as no arrangement was made during the Forty-
First for continuing the work beyond the 4th
of March, 1871, the contract of 1869 expired
before the present committee on Public Print-
ing was appointed, and the Globe has been
continued without pay and without contract
from the 4th of March last to the present
time. And now, when we propose to make a
change, or to invite competition, the old
answer is made, "How can we help ourselves?
The contract has either expired or is about
expiring, and we have no time to make ar-
rangements for transferring the work to the
Government Printing Office, or to invite com-
petition among private parties, therefore we
must either abandon the Globe temporarily or
submit to the terms of the old publishers."
This condition of affairs has resulted, as I
have shown, from the fact that no time was
fixed by law when a new contract should be
made, and no one especially authorized and
directed to act in the matter on behalf of the
Government,
The 'past history of the Globe therefore
teaches us one lesson very plainly, namely:
that its publication should be provided for by.
permanent and definite law, and that a" matter
involving the expenditure of so much money-
should no longer be left to be cared for in ap-
propriation bills, in the face of an emergency,
during the last hours of a session.
The first section of the bill which I propose
now to. consider is designed to prevent a re-
currence of the condition of affairs to which
I have alluded. It makes it the duty of the
joint Committee on Public Printing to attend
to this matter of making contract, and requires
them to do it long enough before the expira-
tion of the old contract to give new parties
time for making all necessary preparation for
doing the work. It clothes the committee with
full authority to accept the best proposition
offered, and make the best arrangement pos-
sible for the continuance of the Globe. The
want of an act of this kind has hitherto, as I
have shown, shut out competition", and given
one firm a monopoly of the business of pub-
lishing the debates from 1833 down to the
present time.
The present publishers of the Globe have
grown up in the work, understand it thor-
oughly, and, as I have already stated, in the
execution of their work have always given
complete satisfaction. Nor is it necessary,
so far as this bill is concerned, to show that
their terms have ever been unreasonable. Itis
enough toknow that competition never increases
the price of anything, while the lack of it gen-
erally puts an article above its real value. I
should be well pleased to have the present
publishers continue the work at fair rates, if it
is to be continued, but I do not think it best
for Congress to remain in a situation where it
cannot employ other parties if deemed advisa-
ble to do so.
The bill provides that the first contract shall"
be made either for the term of one year or
until the close of the Forty-Third Congress,
which would be three years, and that not less
than six months prior to the expiration of any
contract a new one shall be entered into for a
term of four years. Each new contract being
made six months in advance of the expiration
of the old one, the new contractor, should there
be one, will then have abundant time to organize
his force of reporters, proof-readers, foremen,
and compositors, and make all other arrange-
ments necessary to enable him to enter upon th e
work promptly. The term offouryears is fix:ed
upon as the time for which all contracts, after
the first, shall be made, because for a shorter
period than thatanew contractor would hardly
be justified in making the preparation and out-
lay necessary for the efficient and satisfactory
execution of the work.
- The first contract under the bill may be for
either one year or three, as the committee
may deem best. If a satisfactory contract
can be concluded with the present publishers,
it will probably be made for three years ; if
not, the committee may, to avoid the tempo-
rary discontinuance of the Daily Globe, or the
temporary inconvenience and expense which
might result from throwing its publication sud-
denly upon the Government Printing Office,
accede for one year to terms which would not
be regarded as altogether satisfactory for a
longer period.
The third section of the bill authorizes the
committee, in case they should be unable to
conclude a satisfactory contract with private
parties for the entire work of reporting and
publishing, to contract with responsible par-
ties for reporting the debates and to have them
printed at the Government Printing Office.
And^in that event it also places the proceed-
ings "of Congress within the reach of all per-
sons who may desire them, by providing that
the Congressional Printer shall furnish at actual
cost the debates in daily sheets or bound vol-
. umes, for any session, to any person or per-
