4064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York to the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that change from a specific to an ad
valorem duty.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays. I think it will open
the door to a great deal of fraud.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buckingham, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pool,
Kamsey, Sawyer, Sprague, and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Corbett,, Ferry ot Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kelly, Loga,n, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ransom, Scott,
Sherman. Stevenson, Stewart, and Vickers—22.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Harlan, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis,
Morton, Norwood, Nye, Patterson, Pratt, Bice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Spencer, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, West, Wil-
son, and Windom—34.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the
amendment which was adopted in Committee
of the Whole by inserting the amendment
originally reported by the Committee on
Finance, which is one and a half cents on
crude, two cents on partially refined, and two
and a half cents on refined.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment to the amendment, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. SAWYER. I call for the yeas and
nays. ["No!" "No!"]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. There were several Sena-
tors undoubtedly who voted against the amend-
ment which I just proposed because it was an
ad valorem duty, and on account of the lia
bility to fraud in all ad valorem duties. This
is a twenty five per cent, reduction from the
present rate on crude, and something not far
varying from that on the others. We have
reduced the duties on a large number of
articles ten per cent. We propose by this
amendment to reduce the duty on saltpeter
twenty-five per cent., which is quite as much
as it can bear.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 23 ; as lollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Chandler,
Conkling, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frehngliuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill ot Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Ramsey,
Sawyer, Seott, Sherman, Sprague, Wilson, and
Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Caldwell,
Cole, Corbett, t'emon, Ferry ol Connecticut, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton, of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hitchcock. Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Pome-
roy, Ransom, Stevenson, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull,
and Viekers—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames. Boreman, Brownlow.
Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Clayton, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Kellogg, Norwood,
Nye, Patterson. Pool, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Sehurz, Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
West, and Windom—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. * The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was on page
10, line fifty-nine, of section four, to strikeout
the words "quinia, ten" and insert "sulphate
of quinine, twenty-five;" so that the clause
will read:
On sulphate of quinine, twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. SPIIAGUE. I move to ameud that by
making it twenty-five per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment to the amendment, and
dec'ared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. CASSERLY. This matter was very
thoroughly discussed the other night, and quite
a large vote given. I do not propose to let that
amendment pass now without at least endeav-
oring to recall to the attention of Senators
what then took place.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Will the Senator from
California allow me one word ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the question
be put again. I do not think it was under-
stood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER again put the
question on the amendment to the amendment,
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call for a division. I
desire to state that if the Senate vote to retain
this tax at ten per cent, it will be simply equal
to the tax upon the whisky used in the pro-
duction of this article assessed through the in-
ternal revenue, and practically quinine will be
on the free list. The result will certainly be
the suspension of the manufacture of quinine
in this country. The effect will be to throw
the production into the hands of the French
and English who are not now in a situation to
supply this market, and hence will inevitably
follow an increase of price to at least one third
more than is now paid by the consumers of
this country. Besides that there will be this
result: the whisky consumed in this country
in the manufacture of quinine made from the
grain of the West will be done away with, and
that amount will be consumed of the produc-
tion of the Black sea, as the French producer
has the benefit of free whisky and free grain,
and also the English producer. The position
of the manufacturers of quinine to-day in this
country is such as to give to the consumer a
steady, uniform price. If you suspend their
operations you throw this article into the hands
of speculators, and the result will be that you
will have done away with your manufacture
and you will increase the price to the con
sumer. That is inevitable. I have no inter-
est in this matter, except to save a manufac-
ture of this country for the benefit of the con
sumer, that he may receive the article at low
price.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I donotde-
sire to aigue this question, but merely to say
that the Senator from Rhode Island is entirely
right. The amount of duty that is imposed
on alcohol and spirits is such that, if this duty
shall be reduced to ten per cent., it effectually
extinguishes every establishment in this coun-
try for the manufacture of quinine.
Mr. ALCORN. This is not a question of
revenue, for-the reason that as the duty now
stands there is no revenue derived from qui-
nine. It is simply a question of cheap quinine,
and those who are directly interested in that
question, those who represeut the fever and
ague districts here, are in favor of a reduction
of the duty, for the reason that they believe
it would give them the article cheaper. Sat-
isfy us that we are not correct in our thinking,
and certainly we will go with you; but the
Senator from Pennsylvania who is not now
in his seat, [Mr. Scott,] demonstrated very
clearly the other evening in the statistics which
he gave that quinine can be produced here as
cheaply as it can be produced anywhere. He
affirmed in bis place that it is only twenty per
-cent, dearer here now than it was in France,
in London, or in Germany; and he also
affirmed the fact that the manufacturers were
not able to supply the market during the
period of the French revolution. Now, the
House of Representatives, that body repre-
senting the popular will, that body which
speaks for the people directly, made quinine
free. They sent the bill here placing it upon
the free list.
Mr. SHERMAN. And also imposing a
duty of ten per cent, upon it.
Mr. ALCORN. They placed quinine upon
the free list. The article out of which quinine
is made, as I understand, for I am not a
chemist, quinia, was placed at ten per cent.;
but if the Senator will look at the bijl he will
find that quinine, the article that is used by
the consumer, was placed on the free list.
The honorable chairman of the committee,
when I inquired in regard to that thing, hav-
ing some difficulty in understanding the object
of the House, replied that he supposed it was
a mistake, but afterward the Senator from
Vermont explained the fact that it was no
mistake, but that it was the design and pur-
pose of the House to have the article placed
precisely as it was.
Now, these manufactories of quinine took
their rise in this country, and maintained their
position when quinine was fixed at fifteen per
cent. They took their foundation at the time
when it was fixed at fifteen per cent., in 1847,
under the tariff of 1846. It was afterward
increased to twenty per cent., and during
the period of the war it was fixed at forty-
five per cent. It is a commodity that is
used by the poorer classes in the southern
States. Those who have to labor in the fields,
those who have to be exposed to the malaria,
those who have to labor in inclement seasons,
who are subject to the chills, and are their own
physicians, in the cheapest form they can
obtain it desire the use of this drug for the
maintenance of their health.
The Government derives, as I stated the
other night, no revenue from this article.
During the last six months I believe there has
not been an ounce of quinine imported into
the country, and only some $5,000 was paid
within the twelve months preceding that
period in the way of duties on this article.
I maintain that these manufacturers in the
United States, supported as they are with a
large capital, manufacturing over two million
dollars' worth of this article, with the duty
repealed altogether on the barks, everything
that enters into the composition of quinine
being admitted free, with their expensive lab-
oratories, with that skill, that enterprise, and
that ingenuity which belong to the people of
that district of country, can maintain the com-
petition in the manufacture of quinine against
all the world. Give them the articles from which
this quinine is manufactured free, without
duty, and they can stand in the face of the
world and maintain the trade at prices much
below that which the poor people, the dis-
tressed of the land, the sick people, and the
people who above all others are entitled to the
consideration of this Congress, now pay for it.
Therefore, unless some particular considera-
tion can be shown, or some better reason than
that which has been given, I hope we shall
adhere to the action of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not participated
in this debate on the article of quinirfe although
we examined it in committee very carefully. I
am satisfied that, the Senate in yielding to the
desire for cheap quinine have done injustice to
this interest, and probably have defeated the
purpose they have in view.
Quinine was never manufactured in this
country to any considerable extent until dur-
ing and after the war, when our importations
were substantially cut off by the high price of
gold. It is only necessary to state the facts
to show the Senate that they have done injus-
tice to this interest. It is true quinia was put
on the free list in the House, but it was done
at the last stages of the bill in the hurry and
confusion when many articles were put on the
free list that nobody desired to put on, when
there was no opportunity for debate. The
Committee of Ways and Means left quinine to
stand under the old law at forty per cent., and
they left quinia, the coarscr product of the
bark, at ten per cent, ad valorem. The bark
is admitted free.
When the bill caine to the Committee on
Finance we examined this matter carefully,
and came to the conclusion that twenty five
per cent, ad valorem was the lowest rate at
which the industry could be maintained in this
country. Let me give the facts. The duty
