1S76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
sons who may order asd pay for the s&me at
the commencement of a session.
If the intelligent readers of the country are
unwilling to take our speeches on these terms,
it will he pretty conclusive evidence that they
cannot-appreciate a good thing, and that the
publishing of a greater number for gratuitous
distribution would be an unnecessary waste of
public money.
The third section also enables- members, in
case the work is done at the Government
Printing Office, to obtain at actual cost any
number of the daily sheets which they may see
fit to order before publication.
The fourth section authorizes the commit-
tee, if they shall deem it advisable, to contract
for the reporting, printing, and binding sepa-
rately and with different parties, or with one
party for the whole work, and also to have
the binding done at the Government bindery.
This puts the whole matter in the hands of
the committee, and by dividing the work and
placing it within the reach of a greater num-
ber of persons, enables them to induce com-
petition, and thus to make better contracts
than they could otherwise do. The binding
has for years been done at the Government
Printing Office, and that office is probably
prepared-to do the work well and cheaply;
but should an investigation of the matter at
any time disclose the fact that private parties
would do the work at lees cost to the Govern-
ment, the committee would be authorized,
under this section, to contract with them for
doing it.
Reporting and printing are works as separ-
ate and distinct as making plows and plowing.
We have hitherto always contracted with one
party for both, and it would be well in the
future, perhaps, to hold one party responsible
for the proper execution of both, if sure that,
we would not thereby surrender our choice of
the persons whom we would prefer to have do
the work of reporting. We have now an ex-
cellent oorps of reporters; there maybe others
who would do the work as well, but these gen-
tlemen have had long experience here. We
know them, they suit us, and Congress would
perhaps therefore be unwilling to place them
at the mercy of any and every contractor.
This section gives the committee control over
the matter, and enables them to at least pro-
vide that none of the old reporters shall be
turned off without good and sufficient reason.
The fifth section of the bill provides that the
committee may, if they see fit, direct that the
index to the bound volumes of the debates
shall be prepared under the supervision of the
Librarian of Congress, and printed either by
tho publishers of said debates or by the Con-
gressional Printer, and that the index shall be
inserted in but one volume for each session.
The old contractors say that "the oost of the
index exceeds by far that of any ether matter
p-epared for the Globe." By relieving them
of this portion of the work, therefore, it may
be found thai the cost of the Globe would be
very materially reduced. I have no doubt that
a competent clerk under the eye of the Libra
rian of Congress would prepare an index per-
fectly satisfactory to all, and that the cost of
preparing and printing would not exceed
$9,000; whereas, under the recent proposition
of Rives & Bailey, the same work would cost
more than double that amount. I think, there-
fore, it would be well to give the committee
authority to maka a separate arrangement for
this work if they think it advisable to do so,
The sixth seotiop contemplates a possible
condensation or abridgmentof the debates and
proceedings, and stipulates that any contract
made under the provisions of this bill shall
reserve to either House the right tpabridge or
omit such matter as oue or both may Jlere-
afier desire, and pay for only so much as they
may see fit to publish. Without this reserva'
tion the contractors might very properly claim
that they were eqtitled tQ the full proceedings,
on ths ground that hitherto it had been the
custom to publish everything; and that' even
after the contract was made everything had
been furnished for publication. In my judg-
ment, and in that of at least two of my col-
leagues on the committee, the debates and
proceedings might very easily be condensed
one half, without in the least impairing their
value. But not being prepared at present to
suggest any plan for condensation which would
be likely to meet with favor, we have thought
best at this time to do no more than leave the
way open for an abridgement of the debates
whenever a plan should be suggested satisfac-
tory to either or both Houses.
The seventh section provides for the pay-
ment of the contractors substantially as they
have been paid under contracts made hereto-
fore. Tho accounts for reportingand printing
the daily debates are to be paid monthly, and
accounts for the bound edition are to be paid
at the request of the contractors as the work
progresses. All accounts for work done for
the House are to be audited by the Clerk
thereof, and all accounts for work done for the
Senate, and for bound volumes furnished un-
der the bill, are to be audited by the Secretary
of the Senate. It was thought best to allow
the Secretary of the Senate to audit the ao-
counts for bound volumes, besause the Senate
is a perpetual body, and the House expires,
under the present law, on the 4th of March
every other year, and does not reorganize
until the December following.
I have now called attention to all the sec-
tions of the bill except the second. This
makes a radical departure from the old mode
of distributing the Globe. It relieves the
member from all trouble in this regard, and
places the volumes directly into certain libra-
ries named. It has in view the abandonment
of the old plan of distributing the Globes in
broken sets among personal and party friends,
and proposes hereafter to place them com-
plete and entire in a few public libraries,
where they will be open to the inspection of
all persons, without regard to party affiliations,
race, color, or previous condition.
It may be asked why do you select these par*
ticular libraries as depositories for the Globe?
I answer, first, because the libraries of the
Senate and House, the judicial districts, and
the Executive Departments are national, and
belong properly and equally to the whole peo-
ple of the (Jmted States, and the State libraries
and county libraries, if it be thought best to
include them also in the bill, are peculiarly
the property of the people of the several States;
second, because the libraries named are safe
and permanent, and will exist as long as the
nation ; third, because there is in this arrange-
ment no shadow of partiality or favoritism to
any class, sect, or party.
It would seem that no argument was needed
to show the superiority of this arrangement
over the mode of distribution hitherto prac-
ticed.
The great size of the Globes renders them
unsuitable for most, private libraries ; an in-
complete set is of but little value to any one ;
the personal friends or the active politicians
to whom we send them get either too little or
too much ; too little if they desire a complete
history of Congress, too much if they do not.
If valuable, if worth reading and preserving,
if there exists a demand for them, they can
be purchased. This bill provides for that.
The persons to whom the Globes have been
sent heretofore are generally those who could
best afford to buy and pay for them.
With our limited knowledge of the diver 
sified business tastes and desires of the forty
millions of people who make up our population,
we cannot hope to put these volumes, however
valuable they may be, directly into the hands
of those who will be benefited by them ; and
even should' we by possibility succeed in
this, how many good, intelligent, and worthy
men in every neighborhood will be still left
unsupplied, and will have, therefore, just
grounds for charging us with partiality and
favoritism? The great body of the people have
a right to expect, nay, demand, that the favors
of the Government shall be equally and im-
partially dispensed, and we have no right to
use their money for the purpose either of edu-
cating or complimenting our personal and
political friends to the exclusion of -others.
It maybe asked, why not supply the oolleges
of the country ? It would be better, I grant,
to supply the colleges, academies, seminaries,
and other institutions of learning above the
grade of the common school, and all the
public libraries also, than to continue the old
mode of distribution, and it would take fewer
copies to supply them all than we have of late
been scattering broadcast over the land. But
why should we supply the oolleges ? We have
not thought it the duty of the General Gov-
ernment to furnish them with text-books, and
yet these are much more valuable to both tutor
and pupil than the Congressional Globe, and
much less expensive.
If our object be to confer a benefit, the
equivalent of the Globes in money would bo
much more satisfactory to them and much
more useful. But what good reason can we
urge for supplying the richly endowed colleges
with these volumes and omitting in our lavish
expenditure of the people's money the village
high-school or the log school-house of the
frontier ? If the smiles and favors of the Gen-
eral Government should descend upon either,
it should be on the humble district school, where
the great mass of our youth are being educated.
If we supply any, we should supply all; and to
do this would require two hundred thousand
copies of the Globes, or two million volumes.
We have heretofore been supplying to some
extent the newspapers, generally after the
Globes were bound and six months after they
were printed. This has been a waste of labor
on our part, and a waste of public money.
The journalist gets the bound volumes too
late tor them to be of any use to him in the
current work of his profession. An old Globe
is of little or no value to an editor. To be
valuable the information must come to him
fresh and condensed. The Associated Press
reports, therefore, supplies his needs in this re-
spect, and long before the Globes reach him
the necessity for a more elaborate report,
if it ever existed, has passed away.
But if by possibility a newspaper man should
desire the Globe, he has simply to put in prac-
tice the advice he so frequently gives to others
and " subscribe" for it. This bill allows him
to do that. The newspapers of the country are
far too numerous for the Government to under-
take to supply them all, and so far as my
observation extends they are all abundantly
able to supply themselves.
It may be said that when the debates and
proceedings are put in type we have incurred
the greatest portion of the expense, and that
thereafter the printing of a few additional
copies will amount to bnt little more. Very
true ; but where shall we stop ?
The same considerations which would induce
us to print a few more would lead us to the
printing of many more. This bill stops prac-
tically with the libraries of the States and
Territories, the judicial districts, and the libra-
ries of the Senate and House. If we go be-
yond this limit, the temptation will always be
presented to go further: first to the news-
papers, then the schools, then the active poli
ticians, then personal friends, then political
enemies whom we desire to conciliate, and
then Heaven only knows where. If we go
beyond a certain paint we shall find the road
a long one, so long, in fact, that if we are con-
sistent and impartial in the distribution of
these volumes it will lead us to the bottom of
the United States Treasury.
I present here an estimate of the cost for one
