428
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 17,
Ho. op Reps.
Frauds in the District—Mr. llooscvelt.
here cheaper than we can produce it, it does
not follow that if ihere is no domestic salt to
compete with the imported article the latter
will be furnished as cheaply as the former
would be.
I have seen what purports to be Board of
Trade reports of Chicago, showing the aver-
age price of salt in that uaarket from the year
18o5 to 1860, and for 1869, as follows :
Coarse mlt per barrel*
Ave-rage.
18-55 S2 25@3 00 $2 62
Wri  2 50@3 50 2 99
1K57  1 8503 27 2 13
1858  1 50i«,2 10 1 05
1659  - 1 67
1860  - 1 56
Average of six years 52 12
Average, 1869 $2 53, or $2 16 in gold.
The following is an official statement of a
leading manufacturing company in Saginaw,
showing the prices realized for salt for a series
of years:
Per barrel.
1866 gl 88
186 7  1 77
186 8  1 85
186 9  1 58
187 0  1 32
These are the prices realized at the works.
If imported, salt will of course be cheapest on
the sea-board or at that point where it first
touches our shores. The interior must pay
more and have the prejudice of less competi-
tion. If the production in this country is en-
couraged, and salt is made wherever by the
existence of the crude material the manufac-
ture or mining of salt can be made profitable,
there will be more uniform prices throughout
the country, because less expense will be in-
curred for transportation and the commissions
and profits of middle-men.
The cost of foreign salt at the place of ship-
nifnt was no greater before the war than it
■will be in the future. If m the past, during
the period of low tai'ff, when, notwiths anding
such light competition as came from Onon-
daga, salt was as expensive to the consumer
as ii has been under the highest tariff, it ought
to he an-icipaied ihat on ihe reduction of the
tariff, and the disappearance of all or nearly
ail competition, thnre will not be any perma-
nent reduction of price. It will undoubtedly
be reduced un il all d'lm^stic manufacture has
ceas-ed, but when the foreigner and the im-
porter have the market emirely, they will
make the most of it. The experience of all
manufacturers in this country has been that a
reduction of sixty per cent, in the existing
tariff, as is proposed in the majority bill, will
enable the importers of f.ireign salt to supply
the whole market at a lower price than salt
can be made by Ameiican labor.
The following are the items of expenses in
the manufacture of abartel of salt at Syra-
cuse :
Interest on capital per barrel  26.55
Fuel aiij labor   -T,  75
Empty barrel  40
Packing and liail.~    5
Taxes and incidentals  10
State duty  5
Total cost per barrel at works $1 61.55
I present*abo the official figures for sever.il
years made fiom the book* ' f one of the best
managed companies in the dist nci 1 represent:
1866. 1867. 1868. 1869. 1870.
Costofbrino  13 34 25 11 13
Cost of fuel  59 41 38 39 31
Cost ol labor  32 31 30 29i Hi
Cost of bands  43 38 37 36 36
Cost of inspection   - OU OH
Cost of repairs on blocks
kettles, toots, and
other materials  08 21 15 1 4 10
General repairs, 'mer-
est. insurance, taxes
and salai ics  56 50 23 23 22
Totals $2 11 $2 15 $1 68 $1 54 SI 38
In this statement no addition has been made
for interest on capital invested or for depre-
ciation in the value of buildings, machinery, &c.
The whole capital invested in the manufac-
ture of salt in the Saginaw valley is about two
million and forty thousand dollars. The entire
product of salt in 1871, when the estimate was
made, was seven hundred and fifty-five thou-
sand and fifteen barrels. Allowing interest
on the capital at the rate of ten per cent., and
ignoring the depreciation of property, which
is very rapid, there should be added twenty-
seven cents to the stated cost of each barrel
for the use of capital.
In conclusion, I will only add that there
beingno probability that any modification of the
duty on salt will secure to the public any stead-
ier supply or supply at a less price, the duty
should be retained, that American labor may
have the benefit of the enterprise of providing
the thirty-five million bushels of salt to answer
this national want. The difference between
making and baying this supply is equal to an
annual addition to the wealth of the country
of $14,000,000.
Frauds in the District.
SPEECH OF HON. E. B. ROOSEVELT,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House op Representatives,
May 17, 1872.
The memorial of more than a thousand residents
and tax-payers of the District of Columbia, com-
plaining of alleged extravagance and corruption in
the government of the District, having been referred
to the Committee of the House of Representatives
upon the District of Columbia., a majority and
minority report were submitted. Mr. Roosevelt,
who had signed the minority report condemning
the acts of the District government, obtained leave
to print the following remarks in favor of the resolu-
tion'recommended by the minority :
Mr. ROOSEVELT. By act of Congress
passed February 21, 1871, and printed in 10
.->tatutes-at Large, page 411), the relation of the
District of Columbia towaid the national Gov-
ernment was changed, this national property
was converted into a Territory, and given a
territorial government, instead of being under
ihe charge of Congress as heretofore. The
law making this change is called the organic
act. It provides in seciion five for a Legisla-
ture to he composed of two branches, a coun-
cil to consist of eleven members appointed by
the Piesident wiih the adv.ce of the Senate,
and a house of twenty-two delegates chosen
liy the people. By tiie fourteenth section the
Territory is forbidden to incur a debt, exceed-
ing five per cent., of the assessed valuation of
propei ty, except after the submission of the
question to the people aud approval by them,
notice of such submission to be published in
at least two papers. By sectiou fifteen all
increase of compensation undei contracts or al-
lowances over amount agreed on is prohibited.
By section six'een it, is forbidden to loan the
Credit of the l'erritory to any corporation
Under seciion thirty seven a Boaid of Pub-
lic Works is cieated, to have charge of a'l
buildings, improvements, street openii g-=, and
constructions of every kind in the District.
This is made10 consist of five persons: the Gov-
eriK-r ex officio, who is himself appointed by
the Presiuent, and four per.-ons to be appointed
by the President with ihe advice of the Senate,
l'ht-y are to hold office for four years unless
sooner removed by the President, and are
made the real governing power, their jurisdic-
tion beii g only limited by a few stringent pro
visions. All contracts which they entered into
were to be in writing, duly signed by the re-
spective parties. They were forbidden to make
any con'iacts except where an appropriation
had been previously made by the Legislature,
42d 2d Sess.
and in pursuance thereof, and all contracts made
by them in which u member ut' the boaid whs
interested were void. They were requijedto
submit a report ot" their proceedings to the
District Legislature annually before November
1, a copy of which was to be sent to the Presi-
dent, who was to present it to Congie.^.
1 will give the exact language ot the.se pro-
visions, as they become important in view of
the subsequent action of the board, and as it
is claimed that all these salutary restrictions
have been utterly violated and set at naught.
After providing by section one for the creation
of the District government, section two follows:
"Sec. 2. Be it further enacted. That the executive
power and authority in and over .said bi.-tiict ot
Columbia shall bo invested in a Govei nor, who shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, aud who shall hold
his office for four ycar.% and until bis successor shall
be appointed and qualified."
A veto power is provided for in section
three, requiring a two thirds vote of both legis-
lative houses to override it.
"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That legislative
powerand authoiityin said District Miall be vested
in a Legislative A^embly as hereinafter provided.
The Assembly shall consist of a council and hou-e
of delegates. The council shall consist of eleven
members, of whom two shall be residents of ihe city
of Georgetown, and two residents of the county out-
side of the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
who shall be appointed by the President, oy and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, who shall
have the qualification of voters as hereinafter pre-
scribed, five of whom shall be first appointed for the
term of one year, and. six lor the period ot two years,
provided that all subsequent appointments shall be
for the term of two years. The house of delegates
shall consist of twenty-two members, possessing the
same qualifications as prescribed lor the membeia
of the council, whose term, of service thall continue
one year." * * * *■ * * x
"Skc.1-1. And be it further enwtrd, That each
Legislative Assembly .'hall provide for all the ap-
propriations necessary for the oidinary and con-
tingent expenses ot the government of the District
until the expiration of the first fUcal quarter atrer
the adjournment of the next r^gulai ser-siotu the
aggregate amount of which shall not be increased
without a vote of two thuds ot the member,- elected
or appointed to each hou^e as h> rem provided, nor
exceed the amount, of revenue authorized by law to
be raised in such time, and all appropriation}', gen-
eral or special, requ ring money to be paid out of
the District treasury, from funds belonging to the
District, shall end with eueli fiscal quarter; and no
debt, by which the aggregate debt ot the District
shall exceed five per cent, of the assessed property
of tn« District, shall he contracted, unless the law
authorizing the same shall at a general election
have been submitted to the people and have re-
ceived a ms'joiiryot the votes cast for munbers of
the Legislative A>seinb^y at such election. The
Legislative Assembly shall provide for the publica-
tion ot said law m at lea^t two newspapers 111 the
District for three months, at least, before th   vote
of the people sh ill be taken on the same, and pro-
vision shall be made m the act for the pay went of
the interest annually, as it shall accrue, by a tax
levied l«>r the purpose,or from other sources of rev-
enue, which law providing for the payment of ?uch
interest by such tax shall be irrepealable until ?ueh
debt be paid: Provided, That the law levying the
tax shall be submitted to the people with thy law
authorizing the debt to be contracted.'*
"Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the Dis-
trict >hali never pay,assume, or become responsible
for the deb s or liabilities of, or in any manner give,
loan, or extend its credit to or in aid ot any puMic
or other corporation, association, or individual."
•s s£ * £
"Sko. 37. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be in the District of C- lumbia a Board of Public
Works, to consist of the Governor, whoshail be pres-
ident ot said board; four persons, to be appointed
by the President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, one of whom
shall be a civil engineer, and the others citizens j>nd
residents of the District, liaviug the qualifications
of an -elector therein; one of said board shall be a,
citizen aud resident ot Georgetown, and one ot said
board shall be a citizen and resident of the county
outside of the cities ot Washington and Georgetown.
Tuey shall hold office for the term of four years,
unless sooner removed by the President of the Uni-
ted States. The Board of Public Works shall have
entire control of and make all regulations which
theyshall deem necessary tor keeping in repair the
streets, avenues, alleys, and sewers of the city, and
all other works which may be intrusted to their
charge by the Legislative Assembly or C<>mrress.
Tuey shall disburse upon their warrant all roomys
appropriated by the United States, or the District
ot Columbia, or collected from pioperty-holdcrs, m
pursuance ot law, for the improvement of streets,
