2272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
are ably represented here by a delegation,
and it is also conformable to the views of the
settlers on the lands.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, it was agreed to, two thirds
voting in favor thereof.
So the bill was passed.
locking up curkkncr.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to submit the following
resolution, which T think will cause no oppo-
sition :
Rexnhed, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be, and is hereby, directed to investigate
any national bank alleged to be engaged in a con-
spiracy to lock up currency with a view of produc-
ing a money panic; and that they have power to send
for persons and papers.
Mr. RANDALL. That is all right.
Mr. COX. Will my colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts] allow
me to suggest an amendment which will not
detract from the merit of his resolution?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
hear the amendment.
Mr. COX. I propose that the resolution be
amended by adding a direction that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury communicate to the
House any information he may have in refer-
ence to this subject. I am informed by one
of my colleagues, now in Xew York city,
where there is a great deal of consternation in
the money market, lhat important information
has been sent to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. 1 desire that the House shall call for
that information.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. You
wish to add a clause of that kind to the reso-
lution ?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the resolution will be amended by adding the
words "and that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be directed to communicate to the House
any information he may have in the premises."
There was no objection; and the resolution,
as modified, was adopted.
river and ii.vrbor dill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
on Appropriations have directed me to report
back the bill (H. 11. No. 22U8) making appro-
priations lor the lepair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public woiks on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes. I will state
that, this bill, which was carefully prepared by
the Committee on Commerce, has been thor-
oughly examined by the Committee on Appro-
priations, who have directed me to report it
'back without amendment, and to move that it
be made a special order for Wednesday next
after the morning hour, and from day to day
until disposed of, and that it be again printed.
Mr. RANDALL. I reserve ail points of
order upon the bill.
The motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, was
agreed to.
james t johnston.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1807) for the relief of James T. John-
ston, together with the veto message of the
President, have directed me to report a bill
correcting the error which was the cause of
the veto.
The bill (H. R. No. 2246) for the relief of
James T. Johnston, of Alexandria, Virginia,
was read a first, and second time. In order to
leniedy an error of fact in the bill (£1. R. No.
J8G7) for the relief of James T. Johnston,
passed by both llonses of Congress at the
present session, and returned April 1, 187:2,
by the President of the United States, without
his approval on account of such error, the bill
authorizes and directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to James T. Johnston, of
Alexandria, Virginia, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
amount of the proceeds of the sale for taxes
due the United States, without interest, on lot
No. 162 on Prince street, Alexandria, Virginia,
less all taxes, costs, and legal charges; said sale
having been made by the tax commissioners
of the United States under the laws for the
collection of direct taxes.
Mr. ELDREDGE. This whole case is ex-
plained by the bill itself. There was merely
an error in the description of the lot; that was
the ground on which the President vetoed the
former bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELDREDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
disposal of public lands.
Mr. COGHLAN. I move that the rules be
suspended to pass a joint resolution proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States in relation to the disposal of the
public lands.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides (two thirds of each House concurring
therein) that the following article be proposed
to the Legislatures of the several States as an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, which, when ratified by three fourths
of said States, shall become and be held a
part of the Constitution of the United States:
ARTICI/B —.
Section" 1. The public lands of the United States
shall not be disposed of except to actual settlers
thereon for preemption and homestead purposes
only, and in quantities limited by general law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
California to strike out the words "preemp-
tion and,"
Mr. COGHLAN. I have no objection to
striking out those words, and will so modify
my resolution.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sus-
pending the rules and passing the joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
navs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first take
the vote by division.
Mr. CONGER. Is it in order to move an
amendment ?
1 he SPEAKER. It is not, as the motion is
to suspend the rules and pass the joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to add the words " except mineral lands." A
gentleman behind me suggests the addition of
the words, ''for depot purposes," which I do
not think ought to be added. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
California will agree to add the words " except
mineral lands."
Mr. SARGENT. Ihopethatwillbeadopted.
Mr. COGHLAN. I will so modify my
resolution by adding the words " except min-
eral lands."
The House divided; and there were—ayes
51, noes 48.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TYNER. I suggest to the gentleman
from California that the resolution as drawn
would cut off the redemption of bounty-land
warrants and agricultural script.
The joint resolution, as amended, was again
read.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
also to cxcept the timber lands of Alaska.
ilr. HOLMAN. I think they ought not to
be excepted.
Mr. .RANDALL. I object to debate.
i he question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 86, nays 87, not voting
67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Beatty, Beveridge, James Brooks. Buffmron,
Bur«bard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, .Roderick R.
Butler, Coghlan, Cox, Crebs, Crossland, De Lar^e,
Ely, Finkelnburg, Worker. Charles Foster, iien>'y 1>.
Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield, Garrett. Golladuy,
Griffith, Hahlewan, Hancock. Haudley, Harmcr,
Havens, Hawley, Hay, JohnW. Hazelton, Hiboard,
Hill.Hoiman, Houghton,Kerr,King,Lamport,Lewis,
Lowe, Manson, McClelland, McCrary, Mcintyre,
MeNeely, Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyer>, Monroe,
Morgan, Negley, Orr, Packard, Hosea W.Parker,
Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Eli Perry, Potter, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Sar-
gent, Shanks, 11. Boarduian dimth, Snapp, Sprague,
Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Strong, Swami, Tyner,
Upson, Van Trump, Vau'ghan, Whitthorne, Wii-
lard.W illiamsot Indiana, Winchester, and Wood—SG.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Averiil, Barber,
Barry, Bell, Bigby, Bingham. Bird, Braxton. George
M. Brooks, Buckley, Caldwell, cuub, Oobura,
Comingo, Conger, Conner, Darral), Davis, Dawes,
Donnau, Box, Du Bose. Duke, Dunnell, Eldredgc,
Frye, Hanks, Harper, Geoige i£. Hairis, John f.
Harris, Hays, Gerry W. llazelton, Herndon, Hoar,
Hooper, Kelley, Kendall, Lamison, Lansing, Leach,
McCormiek, MeGrew, M<}Henry, MoJunkir , Mer-
cur, Merrick, Mitchell, Morey, Morphia, Packer,
Palmer, Pendleton, Poland, Porter, llamey, Ellis H.
Roberts, Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions, Sheldon,
Sherwood, Shober. Shoemaker, Slater, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J.
Speer, Starkweather, Stoughton, Stowell, Suther-
land, Taife, Terry, Thomas, Turner, Tuthill, Wake-
man, Walden, Waldron, Wallace. Warren, Wheeler,
and Young—87.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnuin, Beck, Biggs,
Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boles, Bright, Camp-
bell, Carroll, William T. Clark. Freeman Clarke,
Cotton, Creely, Cntcner, Crocker, Dickey, Duell,
Eames, Elliott, Farnsworth, Faavsell, (ietz. Good-
rich, H:iie, Halsev, llambleton, Hereford, Keilugg,
Ketcham, Killinger, Kmselia, Lynch, Marshal],
Maynard, MeKee, McKmney, Moore, Leonard
Myers, Xiblack, Perce, Aaron F. Perry. Peter-,
Piatt, Price, Prindle, William R. Roberts, Rob-
inson, Roosevelt, Scofield, Seeley, Shellabarger,
Slocum, Sloss, R. Milton Speer, St. John, Sjpher,
Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend, Twk'heil,
Voorhee&.Waddell, Walls,Wells,Whiteley, Williams
of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T.
Wilson—67.
So (two thirds not having voted in the
affirmative) the rules were not suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. LEACH stated that his colleague. Mr.
Waddell, was detained from the House by
indisposition, and that if he were present he
would vo&e in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
case of dr. houard.
Mr. KERR obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. RANDALL, who said : Mr. Speaker,
I present a statement of Dr. John G-. Houard,
residing in the city of Philadelphia, as to the
arrest, trial, and conviction of his brother, Dr.
John Emiiio Houard, (a citizen of the United
States by birth and continued choice.) by the
Spanish authorities on the island of Cuba.
I move that it be printed in the Globe, and
that it also be printed with the correspondence
sent to the House on last Monday by the Secre-
tary of State in reference to the same case.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The statement is as follows :
philadelphia, April 3, 1872.
Louis Houard, the father of Dr. Houard, came to
Philadelphia, from France, in 1795. He was natu-
ralized in 1803, not 1813, as stated in the correspond-
ence oi the btate Department; (the certificate from
the court ha? been sent to the Secretary of State-)
he contmiied to reside in Phiiadephia until about
1822, when he went to Cuba, taking his family with
him. In his leelings and sympathies, as well a* in
fact, an American citizen, he settled at Cienfuegos
in what is known as American business, and con-
tinued shipping the products of the inland to this
country, and receiving consignments from here, to
the day ot his death, in 1828. He lived at Cienfue-
gos as? an American, was so considered by all who
knew him, and all his associations were those of
an American. It has lately been alleged that he
held some office under the Cuban or Spanish Gov-
ernment, but therein no truth in the assertion- if
any bona fide record exists of his having been ap-
pointed to office it is certain he never accepted or un-
dertook to discharge the duties of any &ueh office:
ms advanced years, business occupations, including
several visits made by him to the United States,
between the years 1822 and 1828, and exclusively ior-
eign associations, negative the idea that he could
"ave. been considered an appropriate peixm to
appoint to >uch an office. Ho continued to the day
ot his death so completely a foreigner in Cuba, and
so entirely unsuited to hold any local office, that he
never even acquired the Spanish language; his per-
sonal intercourse afcCieafuegos was almost exelu-
