1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2273
sively with Americans and other foreigners; when
he had business with natives he was obliged to avail
himself of an interpreter to transact it. His sous
and daughters were educated in the United States,
but Mrs. Houard having left some property in Cuba,
his family or some ot them remained there for a
time after his death, and some of them married
there.
John Emilio Houard, the Dr. Houard in question,
brother ot Dr. Houard, of Philadelphia, who makes
this statement, was born in Philadelphia, Septem-
ber 5.1815. The certificate of his baptism at one of
the churches in Philadelphia, on November 16,1816,
has been furnished to the State Department. He
was educated in the United States, and graduated
from the Jefferson Medical College, in Philadelphia,
in 1844, alter which he went to Cuba, submitted him-
self to the examination required of all foreign doc-
tors before being allowed to practice medicine in
Cuba, and settled in Cienfuegos, where he practiced
medicine and afterward married.
He always claimed to be, and was recognized by
all who knew him as, an American citizen. In 1868,
or early in 1869, on the first apprehensions of polit-
ical difficulties, several Americans, among them.
Dr. Houard, applied to the United States consul
at Cienfuegos to be enrolled, and have certificates
issued to them as American citizens.
The affidavit of Charles Fox, then United States
consular agent at Cienfuegos, to that effect, has
been sent to the Department ot State. In that affi-
davit Mr. Fox further states that he knew Dr.
Houard well; that "he never knew him to act or
talk otherwise than as a bona jide American citi-
zen;" that * he was generally known as an Amer-
ican citizen;" that "he was one of several Ameri-
cans who signed an application to me [the consul]
to have an American man-of-war sent to the
port of Cienfuegos for the protection of the lives
and properties of American citizensand finally,
that he "never had any knowledge, information,
or intimation of his taking any part whatever in
political matters in the late disturbances in Cuba."
The Spanish minister, it seems, informs the Sec-
retary of State that Dr. Houard is considered to have
no right to claim American citizenship, because, " in
addition to the fact that his tather renounced his
character as a foreigner by accepting the office of
police commissioner, the circumstance of his being
provided with a certificate of residence as a Spanish
citizen at the time when the law in relation to for-
eign citizenship, of July 4, 1870, was published in
the Gazeta de la Habana, and that having failed to
comply with the requirements of the law, it would
seem clear that Dr. Houard was not considered an
American citizen."
The copy of the law of July 4,1870, said to have
been published in the Gazeta de la Habana, when,
it is not stated, is as follows: "Any toreigner re-
siding in a Spanish colony must, in order to bo con-
sidered as such, in accordance with this law, have
his name enrolled in the list of foreigners, which
shall be kept by the superior civil Governor, and
in that of the consulate of his nation.
Answering these assertions in the order they are
made:
First. Dr. Ilouard's father never did renounce
his American citizenship, and never did accept the
office of police commissioner. Neither he nor his
friends are accountable for what the records of any
office in Cuba may be made to say on the subject of
his having been appointed to such an office. But no
one can truthfully assert that he ever accepted such
office. While the idea that a man who first visited
Cuba in advanced life, spent there only part of the
last six and a half years of a long life, tluring which
he was constantly employed by private business,
and never even spoke the language of the country
in which he died a stranger as well as a foreigner,
renounced his foreign citizenship for the purpose
ot accepting the office of police commissioner, is so
preposterous that no better evidence of the weak
and desperate character of the cause, to support
which such an assertion is deemed necessary, could
well be adduced. But, supposing it were the case
that the father ot Dr. Houard was m fact a Cuban
policeman in his old age, with or without an inter-
preter to aid him in the discharge of his duties as
such, and that to qualify himself for that important
office he had renounced his ngbt of citizen of the
United States, how would that affect Dr. Houard?
Would he, m case of his return to Philadelphia,
where he wa3 born at a time that his lather was
a naturalized citizen of the United States, be obliged
to become naturalized, in order to regain his birth-
right? To assume that such would be the case seems
about equally reasonable with the assertion that
Dr. Houard's father was in fact a Cuban police-
man in his old age. It is confidently submitted that
neither under the law of the United States nor that of
any other civilized country can a native-bom citizen
be deprived of his rights as such, by reason of his
father having had the honor, or having commit-
ted the folly, be it which it may, of becoming a
policeman under the Spanish colonial government
ot Cuba. The writer, son of the same parents as the
Dr. Houard in question, has exercised the rights of a
citizen in his native city of Philadelphia for many
years past, without question or suspicion on his part
that it could be questioned.
Second. As to Dr. Houard's having been provided
with "a certificate of residence as a Spanish citizen,"
the assertion is unfounded in fact. It is, no doubt,
true that he had a "cedula deveemdad," but no one
acquainted as well with the Spanish language and
customs, as also with the English words used, can
honestly consider the English words above quoted
a correct translation of the Spanish, or fail to
understand the difference between the ordinary
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 143.
police certificate of residence which the local con-
stable or parish policeman issues alike to all resi-
dents within his district or parish, whether nativo
or foreign, with a certificate of Spanish citizenship.
Prior to 1871, these " cedulae de vecindadliterally
translated " certifipates of residence " in Cuba, were
of the same form, whether issued to a Spanish sub-
ject or a resident foreigner. Since about the mid-
dle of 1871 they have been made in different form for
foreigners from that used in the case of Spanish
subjects, but still are in either case only police cer-
tificates, showing the local residence of the person
carrying them. In the cedula de vecindad Dr. Hou-
ard had, his name was inserted as a native of the
United States in the form then usual. But, besides
this cedula, Dr. Houard had with him, on his person,
at the time of his arrest, a certificate of his Amer-
ican citizenship, the record of which is believed to
be at the consulate at Trinidad, and has been sent
for. Of this fact our State Department has been
informed, and it i? rather strange that while appear-
ing to attach so much importance to the cedula de
vecindad, an importance which all intelligent Span-
iards must know not to be legitimately due to it, as
well the Secretary of State as the Spanish minis-
ter, overlook the certificate of nationality that l)r.
Houard carried with him at the very time of his
arrest.
Third. Lastly, it is charged that after publication
of the law of July 4,1870, in the Gazeta de la Habana,
Dr. Houard did not enroll himself as required by
that law. This charge is equally unfounded with
all the rest. When this law was published in Havana
is not stated, and is not known to the writer. It
appears from the text of the seventh article, of
which the Spanish minister sends a copy, that the
law is applicable to all Spanish colonies; showing it
to be a law enacted by the home Government, and
may be assumed to ha,ve reached Havana some time
in the fall of 1870. Dr. Houard actually registered
himself at the consulate at Cienfuegos on the 25th
day of November, 1870, which is as soon as it is at all
probable that the Havanapublication reached Cien-
fuegos. The certificate of M.H. Morris, ef.>q., consul
at Cienfuegos, of this registry, is at the State Depart-
ment, though it happens to be also overlooked in what
purports to be a statement of facts by the Secretary
of State in his letter to Yice President Colfax.
Whether Dr. Ilouard's name is or is not enrolled
"in the list of foreigners which shall be kept by the
superior civil Governor," we neither know nor care.
It is to be presumed that Consul Morris sent the list
of Americans registered at his office to the proper
local magistrate, and, if so, the name of Dr. Houard
should be found on all lists of foreigners made from
it, whether by the superior civil Governor or by any
othor dignitary. If, however, the life and fortune
of Dr. Houard depend on what the records kept by
Spanish employ6s may be made to show to have
been-doneor left undone by tnem, the attempt to
protect either would be hopeless. To protect his
life and fortune from the consequences of the impo-
sitions practiced with apparent success by these for-
eign officials is, unfortunately, the duty which exist-
ing circumstances devolves on his fiiends.
In the letter of the Secretary of State it is said
that "Dr. llouard has resided in Cuba the greater
part of his life, practicing his profession as a citizen
and surgeon." If by practicing his profession as * a
citizen" it is intended to imply that he did so as a
Spanish subject o'r so-called Cuban citizen, the state-
ment is unwarranted and unjust. By reference to
the documents in hi3 office the honorable Secretary
has learned that Dr. Houard has always passed for
and lived as an American, that his practice has beeu
principally among his own countrymen and other
foreigners. On the other side, the letter continues:
" He or his father enjoyed what were supposed to be
certain privileges, to which was attached the right
to become Spanish subjects." What is meant by
this, or what the assertion is based on, it is difficult
to imagine, unless the Secretary has so far been im-
posed upon as to assume as an admitted truth the
false assertion that the father ot Dr. Houaid had
been a Cuban policeman, and therefore entitled to
become a Spanish subject; but if this were so, it
would not aflect Dr. llouard. Whether it was he
or his father that was supposed " entitled to enjoy"
the great privilege referred to would seem a some-
what material question. The letter proceeds : ' But
Dr. Houard declaresth.it he never formally accepted
such nationality, and never renounced his nation-
ality as a citizen of the United States." Neither
Dr. Houard or any friend of his has ever declared
that he never formally accepted such nationality.
In his name his friends most earnestly protest against
such a statement, and challenge the production ot
an item of evidence showing that he ever did, wrote,
or said anything in the course of his lite tending to
show that he did not intend to live and die an Amer-
ican citizen.
The letter continues: "Two married sisters of Dr.
Houard have always been residents of Cuba, and
three of his nephews were officers of the patriot or
insurrectionary anny. It can scarcely be denied
that these circumstances, in some degree, justify the
Spanish authorities in regarding Dr. llouard as sub-
ject to their juasdiction, since, on the other baud,
nothing whatever is brought forward in his behalf
to illustrate or prove his assertion at any time of
American citizenship. For instance, it does not ap-
pear that he interested hnnself, as did so many citi-
zens at home and abroad, in behalf of the Union
cause during our own war; that he offered his ser-
vices as surgeon m our volunteer army; that he sub-
scribed to any of the war charities; or that he paid
at any time income tax or other tax to the United
States, or ever did any particular thing tending to
show the Spanish authorities that he did not con-
sider himself a Spanish subject, or to show this Gov-
ernment that he did regard himself a citizen of the
United States until his recent misfortune occurred."
Whether two of his sisters, or only one, are resi-
dents of Cuba might be considered immaterial, but
as the Secretary makes the statement to "justify the
Spanish authorities in regarding Dr. Houard as sub-
ject to their jurisdiction," itis butproperto say that
he has been misinformed as to the fact. But one of
his sisters resides in Cuba; his other married sister
resides in the city of Philadelphia, where she has
resided for more than thirty years past. The charge
that three of his nephews were officers in the insur-
gent army is true. But as the only question at pres-
ent is one of the nationality of Dr. Houard, and not
of the criminality or otherwise of the act of his
nephews, admit the act charged against these young
men to be indefensible, yet there are other matters
connected with them more pertinent to be referred
to as bearing on the nationality of Dr. Houard and
his family than the fact of their having joined the
ranks of the so-called patriot army. Among these
are the facts that two of them were American cit-
izens, and have lived in the Unit ed States during
the greater part of their lives; that all three have
represented the United States as consuls in differ-
ent parts of Cuba; that one of them, Frederick C.
Cabada, who was lately taken prisoner and immedi-
ately executed by the Cuban authorities, was lieu-
tenant colonel of the one hundred and fourteenth
Pennsylvania volunteers, fought for his country
during the whole of her struggle for life, was taken
prisoner at Gettysburg, spent many months at Libby
prison, lost his health there, and yet, on . being
released, again went into active service, and con-
tinued tofi'htfor his country until the end of the
war; and that another of these nephews, now de-
ceased, also volunteered, and creditably served his
country on General Humphries' staff during the
greater part of the war. It may be also proper to
add that two other nephews of Dr. Houard, Lewis
and Edward Houard, sons of the writer, servea in the
Union Army.
Dr. Houard, now over fifty-seven years of age, did
not himself volunteer, but it is a fact known to all
who knew him that he was enthusiastically a Union
man through the whole war. To what charities he
may have subscribed the writer does not know; it
has not occurred to him or to his friends that it
might become necessary to furnish proof on this
point, in order that Dr. Houard might have thepro-
tection ofhis country's Government: butashewasa
man of liberal views, it would no doubt be found, if
inquired into, that he was charitable in proportion
to his means. He certainly was most decided in the
expression of his views in favor of the Union cause
at all times. It is very probable he did not pay in-
come tax. Few Americans residing abroad during
the war, and having no property in the United States,
did so, or supposed themselves called on to do so.
Had the State Department caused our consuls
abroad to inform the Americans within their respect-
ive jurisdictions that such payment was expected
of them, it might have been otherwise. Such, how-
ever, was not the case, at least at Cienfuegos.
Though the acts of some of Dr. Houard's nephews
in joining the insurgent army cannot properly be
considered to any extent excusing, much less justi-
fying the Cuban authorities in regarding Dr. Houard
us subject to their jurisdiction, it naturally caused
him to be suspected, and on a small box containing
homeopathic powders, and marked with his name,
being found in the possession of an insurgent officer,
Dr. Houard was, in December, 1870, arrested. This
box the Secretary of State dignifies by the name of
a "medicine-chest," and adds that "from other evi-
dence it appears this was not the only instance, but
that another chest marked with his name, and ad-
mitted to have once belonged to him, was found in
another captured camp."
What this " other evidence " is the writer has no
idea. He never heard of any such charge, save from
the letter of the Secretary of State. The box, the
finding of which caused his arrest, was one of sev-
eral boxes contaimnghomoopathicinediomes, which
Dr. Houard imported from Philadelphia a consider-
able time before the breaking out of the insurrec-
tion, and sold in Cuba. The one in question was sold
to Felix Bouyon, then in the employ ot the Spanish
Government, but who atterward, on the breaking
out of the insurrection, joined the insurgents.
These facts can be readily proved, and were
proved by Dr. Howard, who did not depend on a
"rneie declaration that the inedieine-ehest had been
parted with previous to the outbreak of hostilities.''
The very fact that ins name in full is on the box is
conclusive proof that it \vas> not parted with under
circuuibtances requiring secrecy or supposed to in-
volve danger. The writer hereof is prepared at any
time to prove that some years before the insurrec-
tion his brother. Dr. Houard, sent fora box of medi-
cine ordered by Felix Bouyon, in pursuance of which
box, no doubt, the box in question was sent by the
writer to Dr. llouard, with the name of the latter on
it i's usual. „ . _ tt •,
The only other charges made against Dr. Houard,
that he or the writer ever heard of, were one com-
municated to him three or four months after his
airest, that ho had had communications with his
nephew. Cabada, abount the time the insurrection
broke out, and some twenty months before his arrest.
The ohargc was made on the statement of a ser-
vant of Cabada, who, after the doctor's arre&t, en-
deavored to extort money from hb family; and fail-
ing to do so, trumped up this? fal&c and entirety
trifling charge. The other charge was that he at-
tended a banquet! held by insurgents and insurgent
sympathize!.-, as to which Dr. llouard proved that
at the time he was many miles distant from the
