1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL <£L©&I.
tain modifications of the revenue laws, and as
this petition contains some very valuable sug-
gestions, I think it would be well to have it
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri asks for the printing of the peti-
tion presented by him. The Chair hears no
objection, and that order will be made. The
petition will be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not like to interpose
an objection to the printing of memorials,
and I shall not in this case; but the practice
is becoming very frequent here of having
memorials printed. The memorialists almost
always ask to have them printed. It is against
the rules of the Senate, and I think the prac-
tice is of evil example. I shall not object,
however, in this case, but I hope Senators will
recollect that it puts a great deal of duty on
the Printing Office, crowded as it always is
■with morning business, and it is contrary to
the rules of the Senate.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of citizens
of Arkansas, praying that a part of the Little
Rock land district be attached to the Harrison
land district; which was referred to the Com
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of Cap-
tain Isaac V. Dennis, praying to be allowed a
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. WINDOM presented a petition of James
T. Smith, now a resident of Washington city,
asking that the homestead laws may be so mod-
ified that the time the soldiers and sailors
served in the Army or Navy of the United
States during the war of the rebellion may,
after two years' actual residence, be deducted
from the time of five years' residence now
required ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Louisa Normandin, praying the payment of
arrears of pension due her son; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Mary
Mudgett, of New York, praying arrears of
pension due her son; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of alargenum-
ber of soldiers, citizens of New York, praying
a bounty of $8 33J per month to each soldier
for the time he served, and an amendment to
the twenty-fifth section of the act of July 15,
1870, so as to allow the soldiers and sailors to
enter the land therein allowed without the
requirement of settlement and cultivation;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of cigar
manufacturers and cigar makers, citizens of
the tenth congressional district of Indiana,
praying an increase of the tariff on imported
cigars to the extent at least of three dollars
per pound, and fifty per cent, ad valorem, set-
ting forth that the increasing value of paper
currency, the high price of domestic tobacco,
and the internal revenue tax on domestic
cigars have brought foreign cigars into danger-
ous competition with the industry of manufac-
turing cigars in the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Indiana, praying the enactment of aspecial act
for the relief of Richard M. Rucker, late second
lieutenant seventy-first Indiana volunteers, by
granting him a pension as second lieutenant;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
George W. Trneheart, praying an increase of
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
the Grand Army of the Republic of Wisconsin,
praying a modification of the law in relation
to discharged soldiers so as to dispense with
the necessity of actual residence for any par- |
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 31.
ticular period of time on their part before
receiving title to the lands located by them,
and an extension of the time for application
for pensions; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SAWYER presented a resolution of
the Legislature of South Carolina in favor of
the removal of the political disabilities of
H. W. Carter and Andrew J. Stringer of that
State; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of South Carolina in favor of the re-
moval of the political disabilities of W. F. Col-
cock, of that State; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
Theodore Lyman Moody, heir and for the
co-heirs of Joseph Moody, deceased, of Ken-
nebunk, Maine, praying indemnification for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the year 1801; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. COLE. I present a petition signed by
the Governor of California and several ex-
Governors, by the mayor of San Francisco and
several ex-mayors, and by nearly all the pub
Ushers of newspapers there, as well as by most
of the leading merchants and citizens of San
Francisco, asking Congress to„ establish a two-
dime coin, and setting forth the great incon-
venience that is suffered in that State by reason
of the present denomination of the coinage
issued under the laws of the United States.
I move that this petition be referred to the
Committee on Finance, and I hope that it will
receive prompt and favorable action.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Eleanor C. Ramsey, praying to be allowed
arrears of pension; which was referred to the
C<sfamittee 011 Pensions.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of Wil-
liam II. Bryant, of Pensacola, Florida, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CORBETT. I am requested to present
Some fifteen memorials from citizens of vaii-
ous portions of the State of Oregon, all in the
following langage:
To the Senate and House of Representatives in Congress
We, the undersigned citizens of the State of Ore-
gon, would respectfully represent that, under color
of declarative pretense, in pursuance of the act of
Congress approved March 12, 1890, the Legislature
of the State of Oregon, at its last session,passed an
act providingfor thoselection and sale of the swamp
and overflowed lands belonging to the State of Ore-
gon ; and that under the provisions of the said act
of the Legislature, land speculators, members of the
Legislature and their confreres, made out prior to the
passage of said act filings to cover nearly all the
lands claimed to be of the eharactcr denominated
swamp and overflowed lands, thereby creating a
monopoly to the great injury of landless and labor-
ing citizens; and further, by the acts of the commis-
sioners appointed to make the selections of swamp
and overflowed lands, preemptors and homestead
settlers are being deprived of their just rights, in
direct violation of the spirit of the said act of Con-
gress, and in opposition to the genius of republican
institutions.
The greater part of the lands thus claimed are
made valuable only on account of the overflow,
thereby producing the finest of hay lands, without
which large districts of country would be rendered
wholly unfit for settlement.
Therefore, believing that the grant of Congress
has lapsed, and the subject-matter fallen under the
directpower and control of Congress, werespectfulJy
ask for sueh legislation as will secure to actual set-
tiers, in limited quantities, under the provisions of
the homestead and preemption rights all lands that
are of sufficient value to justify such settlements.
And your petitioners, as in duty bound, shall ever
pray, &c.
I have also received from other citizens of
the State letters in which they set forth that
this district of country embraces high rolling
lands, and that it is necessary for these lands
to be held in connection with the dry lands
from which to cut hay in the winter, and there-
fore they desire that the homestead and pre-
emption laws should be extended to them'. 1
move the reference of these petitions to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.' . • '
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of:citi-
zens of -Newcastle, Pennsylvania, bookseller^,
stationers, and job printers, protesting against
the sale of stamped envelopes by the 'Govern-
ment ; which was referred to the 'Oommittfee
on Post Offices and Post Roads. ! '  •*
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented the memfcrisU
of Hampton B. Den man J superintendent of
Indian affairs for the northern superintfend-
ency, praying the passage of a bill granting
him relief on account of certain public moneys
stolen from him at Omaha, Nebraska; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I present the petition
of Mary Ann li. Lee, touching the Arlington
estate. The petitioner states that the Arling-
ton estate was devised to her by her father,
George W. P. Custis, for life, and at her death
to her eldest son. She states that during the
war the whole estate was sold for taxes, for
ninety-two dollars; that the sale was irreg-
ular. She says in her petition that she under-
stands the property is devoted by the Govern-
ment to the purposes of a national cemetery;
that she does not desire to disturb the United
States in the possession of the property for
that purpose, and simply asks that her claim
be investigated, and that if found good the
United States Government pay her'for the
property. I move that the petition be printed
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Senator from Virginia also asks that it
be printed. If there is no objection to that
motion, the printing will be ordered. The
Chair hears no objection, and that order ia
made.
Mr. WEST presented a petition of the Mer-
chants' and Manufacturers' Board of Trade
of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, setting forth the
advantages of that locality as a suitable place
for a navy-yard on the Mississippi river, and
earnestly calling the attentionof Congress to
that fact; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of citizens 6f
Baton Rouge., Louisiana, praying aid" to estab-
lish an iron-ship and boat building yard in the
Mississippi valley; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of Abi-
gail Warner Hank, heir and for the co-heirs
of Benjamin Connor, deceased, of St. Louis,
Missouri, praying indemnification for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a petition of F. L. Ridg-
lfty and other underwriters of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, praying that aa amendment be made to
the present law in regard to the safety of life
and property on board of steamboats, requir-
ing all hay that may be transported on steam-
boats, that is stowed on the forecastle, on the
guards, or in the deck-room of the steamboat,
to be baled and securely covered with tar-
paulins ; which was referred to the Committee
ou Commerce.
Mr. LEWIS presented a petition of citizens
of Virginia belonging to the German Reformed
church of Winchester, Virginia, asking com-
pensation for damages inflicted on their church
during the late rebellion ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petitions of Mann
Spitler, of Page county, Virginia; of Dr. A.
M. Newman, of Rockingham county, Virginia;
of Gilbert S. Meem, of Mount Jackson, Shen-
andoah valley, Virginia; of Charles A. Yancey,
of Rockingham county, Virginia; and of James
H. Ballard, of Roanoke county, Virginia., pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities;
