1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4065
under the tariff act of 1846, which Senators all
know was a low tariff, was twenty per cent.
ad valorem. The duty under the act of 1801
was twenty per cent, ad valorem. But since
that time we have levied an enormous tax on
whisky which enters into the composition of
quinine, and the tax on the whisky used, ac-
cording to the testimony before us, amounts to
at least ten per cent, ad valorem of the article
produced. The result is that if we reduce it
to the tariff before the war, twenty per cent.,
it would substantially destroy the American
manufacturers, they using whisky, which paid
in this country a very large tax, while the
whisky exported by the foreign manufacturer,
as a matter of course, is exported free of tax.
The result is that the chemists in France and
England, having the benefit of free whisky,
can manufacture quinine at ten per cent, less
than the inanufaciurers of our own country, all
other things being equal. Consequently, a
duty of ten per cent, only puts them on a
•footing of equality to compensate for the tax
on whisky. But it was shown clearly that
this industry did not thrive, that it could not
even be established in this country at a duty
of twenty per cent, ad valorem. The present
duty ot forty per cent ad valorem has substan-
tially given the American manufacturer the
monopoly of the market.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is forty-
five per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told the piesent
duty is forty five pei cent. That has substan-
tially given the American manufacturers the
market. But it was admitted on all hands
that the American product was a great deal
better than the foreign product, and that it
would be to the interest of our people to use
the American rather than the foreign manu-
facture even at the same cost. Now, sir, you
cannot maintain the manufacture of quinine
in this country, the tax on whisky remaining
as it K at much less than twenty live per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And that
will bring them in active competition with the
foreign supply.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes. sir. As a matter
of course the people of Ohio are consumers
of quinine to a large extent. All the western
States are more or less subject to fevers, and
in ihat class of diseases quinine is an indispen-
sable article, and we wanted to reduce the
duty just as low as we could, because all the
western States are consumers of quinine, Ohio
as much as Mississippi. It is manufactured
only in large chemical establishments in the
large cities in the East.
I say to I educe it to twenty five per cent.
ad valorem is to reduce it as low as the duty
ever was in this country, is to reduce it as low
as it was before the war, because then it was
twenty per cent ad valorem, and when you add
ten per cent, ad valorem for the cost of the
whisky we have actually reduced it below what
it was before the war. Under these circum-
stances, while our people have no interest in
the manufacture, yet I think it is for tile benefit
of the consume)s to levy such a duly on this
article as will maintain in active operation the
chemical manufactories in the East and en-
courage the use of our home production rather
than the use of the foreign production, which
is ad milted to be of infer ior quality.
Mr. CONKL1NG. What did the House
put it at?
Mr. SHERMAN. The House Committee
of Ways and Means left it at forty-five per
cent. ; they did not lower it at ail; but the
House, in a hurry, and without debate, with-
out any opportunity for explanation, when all
debate was cut off, put it oil the free list, ex-
pecting us to correct it, at the same time put-
ting the raw article at ten per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. CONKLING. How did the Committee
on Finance put it?
Mr. SHERMAN. We put it at twenty-five
42d Cong. 2dSjess.—No. 255.
per cent. We put it as low as we thought the
industry could be maintained at. My judg-
ment is that with a duty of twenty-five per
cent, the American manufacturers can main-
tain their existence, but with close competi-
tion with foreign manufacturers. I have no
doubt that with a duty of twenty-five per cent,
a great deal ot imported quinine will come in
competition with our own product. I think it
is the interest of the consumer to maintain a
rate of duly that will maintain the manufac-
ture in this country. If we should fix the duty
at twenty-five per cent., that is a reduction of
nearly one half. I thought the duty was forty
per cent., but the Senator from Vermont in-
forms me that it is forty five. So we have
reduced io fiotn forty five to twenty-five per
cent., and I think beyond that we ought not
to go.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will trouble the Sen-
ator from Ohio to state, if he will, what is the
peculiar advantage which he supposes the
foreign manufacturer of quinine to have over
the American manufacturer?
Mr. SHERMAN. In the first place, they
have free whisky, because, as a matter of
course, whisky exported from this country
can be laid down in France at twenty or
twenty-five cents per gallon, while in this
country the manufacturers of quinine have to
pay at, least ninety cents for whisky. That is
equivalent to about ten per cent, on the result
of the product.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And then
there is the difference in the price of the
labor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; as a matter of
course there is the difference in labor. It is
sufficient to say that by the act of 1846, which,
as ihc Senator knows, established a very low
tariff, the duty was twenty per cent. Under
the act of 1861 it was twenty per cent.; and
even with that duty the industry did not spring
up in this country until during the war, when
quinine like everything else was protected by
the high pi ice of gold and by the practical
exclusion of the great body of fore.gn fabrics
from competition with American industry.
Then these large establishments sprang tip
and commenced making an article of superior
character and supplied the American market.
The present rate of duty seemed to be too
high because it practically excluded the for-
eign article.
Mr. SCOTT. Permit me to call atten-
tion to the fact that when the duty was fixed
at forty-five per cent., the duty on the cin-
chona bark was also fixed at that time at
twenty percent., so that when the act of 1870
made the cinchona bark free the reduction on
quinine ought to have been made at that time,
but the reduction now made is simply sufficient
to bring it back to where it was before that duty
was put upon cinchona bark, and not even
equivalent to that considering the advanced
price of labor.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the Senator
from Ohio in staling the advantage of the
foreign manufacturer to be that he gets his
whisky at twenty cents per gallon has put
whisky lower than Ins constituents in Ohio
would be willing to sell it for. _ •
Mr. SHERMAN. We can make whisky
to s'ipply the world at seventeen cents agallon
wiihout any tax.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am very sure that
nobody has ever succeeded in getting good
whisky at- that price. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. We do not make good
whisky at that price, but we make the kind
that they use in chemicals. The price of
whisky before the war was fourteen and
fifteen cents per gallon. I have seen great
quantities of it sold by the barrel at that price.
We can manufacture any amount ot whisky
in Ohio now at twenty or twenty-two cents a
gallon without tax at the present price of
corn.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will allow
me—-
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to finish
the few words I have to say without five or six
interruptions from as many different Senators.
That from the Senator from Ohio of course I
invited ; nor do I complain of the rest except
that I should like to fiuish. Did I understand
the Senator from Ohio to say that there is no
excise or duty on imported whisky in France?
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that
in France as well as in England—I know it
is so in England, but I am not sufficiently
familiar with the French laws to say as to
France—on all articles imported from foreign
countries which enter into manufactures for
exportation a drawback is allowed. They
always allow a drawback in England where
foreign articles are used, and I presume they
do so in France.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the excise in
England is about eight shillings and sixpence
a gallon on their own whisky, and it seems to
me almost inconceivable that they should let
in American whisky free under those circum-
stances even for the purpose of a manufac-
ture to go abroad. To let in American whisky
free while they tax their own whisky more
than two dollars a gallon would seem to be a
thing too incredible for belief except upon the
most authentic testimony.
Now, Mr. President, the statements made
in debate here on this subject, both on the
last evening when it was discussed and this
evening, seem to me to establish one thing
abundantly: that at a duty as low as fifteen
pei cent, this industry commenced, took root,
and held its own ; and I suppose it to be a
perfectly well understood fact that in the
preparation of drugs and chemicals of cer-
tain classes the American manufacturer is
able to bold his own against the world. The
medical preparations of Philadelphia are cele-
brated in this country both for their excellence
and their cheapness, and 1 am not in the least,
afraid that the reduction of the duty upon qui-
nine to the figure fixed in the House bill will
ruin or much interfere with any of the manu-
factories now in existence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island to the amendment
made in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think we
had better have the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Mes«rs. Anthony,Buckingham,Chandler,
Cole, Crjgm, Fenton, Ferry ot Mietng.in, Freling-
huyson, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nyo, Osborn,
Potneroy. .Ramsey, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stew-
art. ami Wilson-—19. .
NAYS —Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, isl air,
Caldwell. C:is>erly, Clayton, Conkling, Cooper
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Hill, Johnston,Kelly, Lewis, Norwood, Ran-
so in, Robertson, Stevenson, Stockton, Tnuruian,
Tipton. Xruuibuii, and West—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreuian.Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky Davis of
West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry ot Connecticut,
Gilbert, G-oldthwaite, Hamlin, Harlan, Hwchcoek,
Howe, Kellogg, Logan. Morrill ot Maine, Patterson,
Pool, Pratt, Kice, S.HiWmi j, Sawyer, Schurz, bpen-
eer, Sumner, Vickeia, \Vindoin, and Wright 30.!
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I now move to make the
duty twenty per cent.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected ; there being, on a division—ayes 14,
noes 25
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
' The Chief Clerk. The next reserved
amendment is on page 321 section [nine]
ten 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before that
question is put, I ask consent to offer an amend-
