430
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 17,
Ila. OF HEPS.
Frauds in the District—Mr. Maosevdt.
42u Coxu....2d Sess.
"Answer* The sewer was eighteen feet below the
purtVe of the street at my house. 1 bad to connect
my hewer with it, and it cost me a good deal. I had
to <li£ eighteen feet to reach it. The gewer is now
nine or ten feet below tfce street.
"Quedion. So that the change of gya4e has not
necessit.ited any change in the sewer?
"Aivticer. No. sir."
"Question. Whftt benefit, if any, is this change of
grade to the drainage of P street?
"An*\oer. I do not know that it is any benefit,
because the surface water all ran off before there
was a sewer.
"Queniion. "What effect does this change of grade
have upon your property?"
Answer. There is now no means of getting to the
rear of the lots. I suggested to Mr. Soepherd that
we should be allowed to cut the whole way so as to
get access to the rear. Everything has to be taised
nine teet to be got into the house."
The cutting down of F street is justified
under a resolution of the old city councils,
passed in the time of Mayor JSmory, just
before the new government was established.
It authorized the * 'trimming and grading"
of F street, and appropriated $G00 tQ cover
the expense. Mayor Emory testified that be
understood this to mean merely the regulating
of the street without any alteration of the
curbs; and he agreed with the contractor for
the work at sixteen cents a yard, or a total
expense of unde? $300. By circumstances to
which it is unnecessary to refer that contract
was never signed by the mayor, ^nd the new
government just then coming into existence,
the work was taken charge of by the Board
of Works; but nevertheless that was the only
contract and that the only appropriation,
although'the amount expended has already
reached $230,647 69, and will, before it is
finished, exceed $300,000, in all probability.
In other words, in disregard of law, in spite
of specific and positive statute, $600 had been
augmented into almost a quarter of a million ;
and this vast amount of work has been done
without any contract whatever. There was a
dispute between Mayor Emory and the con-
tractor whether the latter should receive six-
teen or twenty cents per cubic yayd, but one
of the first acts of the board was to allow
forty cents per cubic yard for the first t^o
feet of excavation, and thirty cents for the
softer earth below, thus actually paying him
more than he demanded. Nor was this all,
but the grade ^as changed three times, being
made first two feet, then five feet, and then
almost ten feet; and lest the fact should seem
incredible I will read from the evidence of the
contractor himself:
"Question. Who made the arrangement with you
to pay you twenty cents a cubic yard V*
This was thirty cents, but the contractor
seems to have forgotten the fact. (Page 72.)
"Answer. Mr. Forsyth recommended it first, and
the board adopted it and paid it. Subsequently
when I came to find the immense haul that I had to
make, and that X was losing money, they allowed
me forty cents a yard for the first two feet in depth.
That rule was adopted all over the city.
"Question. Was that by a bargain made with the
Board of Public Works, or by g,n order made by the
board?
"Answer. It was a general order.
"Question. Have you ever seen the order ?
"A'/imcer. Yes.
"Qup«tion. |s it on tl)e record of the Board of Pub-
lic Works?
"Answer. I believe if is.
"Question. Where did you see it?
"A aswer. I saw it with the auditor.
'"Question. Was it on the records?
"Answer. It was in his scale of prices which had
bepn adoptecj.
"Question. They agreed to allow you forty cents a
cubic yard for the first two feet?
"A)\ntoer. Yes,
" Questwn. Is that anything more or less than a
reasonable price?
*'An$we)\ It is hardly a fair price. The first two
feet on qll the old streets in Washington is nearly
all gravel. Jt has to po broken with picks, and can
scarcely be plowed with six horses. 'ihe work is
very expensive until you get through that.
"Question. Js it because of that character of the
first two teet that the forty cents a cubic foot was
allowed?
"Ansxcer. Yes; and it is only allowed on such
streets.
"Quefion. Did you wake application to the board
for that? ' ' - • • •
"Ammr.Sl did.
"Question, At what time was tlj(Lt allowance of
forty cents made?
"Antwer. My impression is thatitwas made in the
last of July or the first of August.
"Question. Vas it before or i^fter sou bad Son® thp
work ?
"Antrteer. It was after I liad done a good deal of
the work.
" Question. Was there any change made in thq
directions from the grade given by Mr. Jforsyt^'?
"Answer. None but wh&t lie made himself.
" Quest ion. Did he give you a different grade at
first from that which he gave you at''Q[ward 'I
"Answer. The grade was changed, I believe. In
fact. I know it was.
" Quextioh. When was that?
"Ansioer. I do not refiollect the time; it wa$
either in July or August.
" Question, How deep did he tell you at first to
cut it?
"Answer. That would bft ^ pretty hard matter to
tell. It was a pretty long time before I could get a
grade at all. I think it was three and a half feet, or
something near that, at first, on F street, and it was
subsequently changed to five feet.
" Question.' Did he at any time direct you merely
totriin thestreet?
"Answer. No, sir; the first dip I made at it was
two feet deep at Seventeenth street."
So that the excavation was made by degrees,,
each dip requiring a, fresh change of water
and gas pipes, on the idea probably that the
residents would become used to it like the dag
whose tail was cut off inch by inch instead of
all at once so that he might learn to like the
operation.
Whether there w^s actual corruption in
this proceeding I will leave to inference. Ho
money was paid for it to my knowledge. Wq
can presume it was an act of supreme folly if
we would be very charitable. It is true that
the vice president of the Board of Wo.rks,*
who was mainly instrumental in having the
work commenced, (page 14,) owneda valuahle
row of houses on the street, and they alone
of all the property affected were benefited,
but this may have only been 3 coincidence—^
strange one, and fortunate for the qwner, but
still only a coincidence. Nevertheless the ruin
wrought by such blundering is none the less,
and in determining the nature and motives of
the operation it must be examined in the light
of otlipr proceedings. And here let me ex-
plain one contrivance which was exceedingly
ingenious in quieting opposition. In most
cities local improvements are paid for by assess-
ments on the premises improved, but under
the management of matters in Washington
only one third falls pn the property, while two
thirds are put upon the people at large, leaving
no one especially interested in protesting or
opposing. In this ease, however, there was
no benefit whatever, hut simple, unrelieved
injury instead, not a single independent resi-
dent on either street approving of the change
or failing to reprobate and denounce it. The
expense and loss, the public and private dam-
age, and cost, direct and indirect, of this one
remarkable and indefensibe performance can
hardly fall short of $1,000,000, while the
excuses for it are little less than ludicrous.
Mayor Emory in originally contracting for
the work believed that it would cost not to ex-
ceed $300, and the evidence all shows that the
rate for grading allowed by him was the usual
and customary one. He testified as follows:
"Question. You understood that the work which
you directed tp be dope in F street wag merely tQ
tnm> the street and to grade it slightly, without
altering the grade or bringing it down "to the line
which it now occupies ?
'■ Answer. I knew that the street wag too high in
the center, and that it was to be altered.
. Question. That is all which you considered the
city government and yourself to be responsible for?
'Answer, yes. That was to be done at the instance
of one ot the members of the Bojird of Pub}"|p \Yo'rks.
It was he who had the bill passed and who brought
".to me and asked me to have the trimming done.
^ Question. That is the \ya^ you understood it?
Answer. I had no contemplation o? thought of
anything else. If I had, I should not have approved
the bill.
** Question. By whom was the order made ?
Answer. By the auditor. The jaw requires that
jn any improvement, to be made by the corporation
the mayoi- shall request the auditor'in writing td
issue the order. *" • *
Question, You spoko of approving the bill: What
bill WM.tliat? "i 
Answer. The bill which had passed the old coun-
cil. appropriating 860U for thn work.
" Ouettton. And you say that Mr. Shepherd pro-
cured tho bill to be passed and biought it to
you J
" Answer. Hewasamenjber of the board of alder-
men at the tiinq, and he brought me the bill, saving
that he was in A hurry to have the work done, as
his bouses were nearly completed."
And Jill tliis in direct violation of law,
without a contract of any sort, practically
without estimates, fjltliough the organic act
is so positive that no work shall be commenced
till after a contract has been made out and
signed, find in pursuance of appropriations
previously ifladg. On ihe 10th of July, it is
true, a plan for the general improvement of the
city was li^de'dut by the board and approved
by t^e legislature, which made appropria-
tions for this improvement to the amount of
$90,QQ(). pr i>bptit one third of the actual cost,
and which at the same time authorized the
raising of $4,000,000 by loan, and the gentle-
men responsible for this operation hesitated
Vhgther they should not claim that this particu-
lar improvement was commenced under that
apt ^ther th^n the authority of the former city
councils, but they finally abandoned this idea
for two reasons: first, work was commenced
long befqje July 1Q, ap<j secondly, the appro-
priation as applied to that street and asked for
under the general plan was for a different pur-
ppse and a tqtijfly insufficient amount. So
that there is no excuse or justification what-
ever for this enormous and most indefensible
expenditure. 1|Yhetber in the light of law or
reason it was purely a willful, wanton waste
of money, benefiting nobody unless it be one
of the members of the Board of Works, and
doing damage which is simply incalculable.
And here it is proper to speak of the system
adopted by the board, which was as unwise as
it was corrupting. Instead of advertising for
proposals and accepting the lowest offer for
whatever was to be done, they placed their
own prices on grading, filling, paving, &c.,
usually far more than were previously paid
by the city, and then they distributed the
work among their favorites. Instead of having
open competition it was purely a question of
favoritism, and the men who were most useful
and subseryient were those who were selected,
and who received the highest rewards. Never
was anything so brazen attempted by the late
corrupt administration of New York city,
even iii its halcyon days, for there there was
at least a pretense of open competition, while;
here there was simply a division of the public
patronage among political adherents.
I will now take up th*e next great improve-
ment, that of Seventh street road, extending
trom the limits of the city to the boundary line
of the District, five miles in length. It i"s the
principal thoroughfare into the city from the
north, running from Washington on one end
to a farm owned by Mr. Alexander H. Shep-
herd on the other ; but this also, like the house?
on E street, may be only a coincidence. The
original appropriation for putting it in order
was $2,500, which the Board of Public Works
claim was a misprint for $25,000. But it has
already cost $166,000, or over thirty thousand
dollars a mile for a country road macadamized
sixteen feet wide, and graded for the purposes
for which it was to be used. Thirty thousand
dollars a mile! Did any farmer, did any en-
gineer, did any man accustomed to such work
ever hear of such extravagance ? That money
would "have built a railroad and almost stocked
it. Upon an appropriation of $'2,500, or at
most $25,000, au expenditure already reach-
ing $165,000 has been made, and the work
not half done, the road still impassable, and
continuing so ever since early last fall. I.say a
railroa,d could have been laid for less money;
why, a double line of greenbacks like railroad
tracks could have been laid the entire distance
and not cost go much. This is a question
eyery fawner!can. eousider wWa .ha' has to
