1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
necessary in order to give a thorough trial to a policy
long needed.
"X ask for all the strength which Congress can
give ma to enable me to carry out thereforms in the
eivil service recommended by the commissioners,
and adopted, to take effect, as before stated, on
January 1,1872.
'* The law which provides for the convening of a
commission to devise rules and regulations for re-
forming the civil service, authorizes, I think, the
permanent organization of a primary board, under
whose general direction all examinations of appli-
cants for public office shall be conducted. There is
no appropriation to continue such a board beyond
the termination of its present labors. I therefore
reoommend that a proper appropriation be made to
continue the services of the present board for another
year, and in view of the fact that three members of
the board hold positions in the public service, which
precludes them from receiving extra compensation
under existing laws, that they be authorized to
receive a fair compensation for extra services ren-
dered by them in the performance of this duty."
So highly important were these repeated rec-
ommendations of the President regarded that
they received the especial recognition of the
Speaker, that gentleman having promptly ap-
pointed a special committee, to whom the con-
sideration of the whole subject was referred.
And in the organization of that committee,
as if to still dignify more highly the importance
of the subject, the Speaker, with rare discrim-
inatien and good judgment, selected gentlemen
to compose it who have justly won the respect
and confidence of the country, not less through
their abilities, learning, and experience, than
through the faithful and conscientious manner
with which they have heretofore discharged
their' official duties. I have been thus careful
in setting out in detail at the expense of laying
myself liable to be charged with prolixity,
these several messages and acts of the Presi-
dent, the laws enacted by Congress, and the
action of the Speaker with regard to this sub-
ject, for the purpose of showing that, in the
mind of the President, at least, it was believed
that the country was suffering great wrongs,
which were chargeable to and grew out of the
defective system under which the civil service
of the country was then organized and per-
formed, and that a remedy against the evils
complained of was imperatively demanded, to
provide which the prompt and energetic action
of Congress was invoked.
When, therefore, I contemplated the gravity
with which this subject had been treated by
the Executive and the Speaker of this House;
when I recollected that the same subject had
been made the theme of eloquent tongues at
the other end of the Capitol; when I recalled
the names of the distinguished gentlemen to
whose judgment the consideration of the
whole subject had been committed; when I
reflected upon the extraordinary and astound-
ing declaration contained in the report of the
commission which had been convened and
organized under the direction of the Presi-
dent, that because of the imperfections in the
civil service as then organized '' more than
one fourth of the revenues of the country were
now lost to the Government," amounting to
the enormous sum of more than $100,000,000
annually, I could not, Mr. Speaker, in com-
mon with other gentlemen on tins floor, avoid
feeling a deep solicitude that the labors of the
committee raised in this House would result
in speedily restoring efficiency to the civil ser-
vice, and in securing to the Government the
revenues of the country.
I need_ not say to this House, Mr. Speaker,
how patiently I, with others, have waited to
hear a voice raised on this floor from that
committee that would bring "fruition to our
expectant hopes." Hours passed into days,
days into weeks, and weeks into months, and
yet they "made no sign." But I err. On
Saturday, the 17th day of last month, the
" House being in Committee of the Whole for
debate only, no business whatever to be trans-
acted," my colleague, [Mr. Pekry,] for whom
I entertain feelings of the greatest reverence
and respect, and my colleague, the distin-
guished chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, [Mr. Shei.labarger,] for whose abili-
ties I have the highest regard, broke the long
silence which had already become painful,
not by the introduction of a bill that would
bring "healing upon its wings" to the
suffering - civil service of the country, and
which we had been led to hope would be
done, but by the introduction of a series
of resolutions and the delivery of speeches
which are distinguished rather for a rela-
tion of the difficulties they have encountered
in their attempts to devise a remedy for the
evils which afflict the civil service than for the
hopes they inspire of ever being able to attain
success.
I must confess, Mr. Speaker, that I experi-
enced a feeling of downright disappointment
on reading their speeches ; and especially was
I no longer hopeful when I read from that of
my colleague [Mr. Perry] the following de-
spondent remarks concerning the action of the
committee in regard to this subject. He says:
" The committee being composed chiefly of men
of extended experience and great eminence in this
House, who are constantly pressed by other duties,
ha3 not made rapid progress. I suppose I shall vio-
late no rules, however, in stating that it has had
meetings at which a quorum was present, and has
transacted business; if not of the utmost importance,
yet business."
And again, in speaking of the prospects of
being able to obtain legislative action Upon
the subject of the reform, asked, he speaks dis-
couragingly thus:
" Considerable individual interest among mem-
bers appears to be felt in it; but the tendency to
legislative action upon it is not vehement."
For the first time, Mr. Speaker, since this
question has been brought to the attention of
this House, did I, after reading these remarks,
begin to think that probably I had overrated
the importance of these questions, and that I
had exaggerated, as had, I doubt not, many
others on this floor, the existence of an exi-
gency to control which "all the strength that
Congress can give " had at least been " vehe-
mently" demanded; but which, it seems, has
not inspired a corresponding "vehemence
toward legislative action" in the mind of Con-
gress.
And while my mind was engaged in resolv-
ing the doubts which had thus been created, as
if to purposely still further shake my faith in
the success of reformatory measures in this
direction through the action of Congress, while
the " bill to regulate the employment and com-
pensation of clerks of committees," reported
to this House from the Committee on the Re-
organization of the Civil Service of the United
States by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Willakd] was under consideration, the dis-
tinguished gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] also a member of the committee, in
his remarks made while this bill was the sub-
ject of discussion, after indulging in a merci-
less criticism of the bill itself, in addressing
himself to the general subject, held the follow-
ing language:
" But, Mr. Speaker, I repeat thatthis whole ques-
tion of clerks of committees in the House of Repre-
sentatives is comparatively of no importance what-
ever. I do not believe that th e people of this country
will be satisfied and contented that the Congress of
the United States shall thus trifle with so grave and
important a question as is now agitating the public
mmd. I believe that the public attention is directed
throughout the length and breadth of this land to
this great question of official corruption. I do not
believe that when our whole executive department,
the whole range of the public service, so teems with
corruption, profligacy, waste, and extravagance,
which has attracted the public attention, and is
now agitating the public mind all over the land,
the people of the country will be content with sim-
ply having us legislate upon a subject'so trifling and
of such comparatively small importance as that
involved in the bill under consideration."
Alter indulging in some general remarks not
necessary to my purpose now, he continues, as
follows:
" In my judgment a change must come over the
American people. In ray judgment the time is not
far distant when, entirely subversive of the politi-
cal influences which have heretofore controlled the
country, the watchword must be universal purifica-
tion and an elevation of the official standard; when
men whose public lives, whose private lives, whose
whole career have been pure and without reproach,
must take possession of the Government of the Uni-
ted States and conduct it upon a more elevated and
a higher moral standard than exists to-day through-
out our land.
" Can Congress remedy this defeot ? I am one of
those who fear that it is not within the power of
Congress to remedy this evil. I do not believe that
by any legislation we may adopt we can take away
from the chief executive officer, not only the power
to appoint as he pleases, but also the responsibility
for the conduct of every subordinate official under
him."
From what I have here quoted from the re-
marks of my colleague, [Mr. Perky,] and from
the remarks of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood,] I think the fact is made reason-
ably plain that there is little hope that Con-
gress will be able to devise any remedy for the
evils existing in the civil service of the coun-
try. I think, too, that we may reasonably con-
clude that in the minds of the committee, or
at least in the minds of a portion of them, it
is "not in the power of Congress to remedy
the evils," but that the remedy lies only in a
"universal purification and an elevation of
the official standard, when men whose public
lives, whose private lives, -whose whole career,
have been pure and without reproach, must
take possession of the Government of the Uni-
ted States and conduct it upon a more ele-
vated and a higher moral standard than
exists to-day throughout our land."
I think, too, another thing is equally appar-
ent, from what has already been disclosed on
this subject by the President, the commission,
and the members of the committee, and that
is that the "hue and cry" which has been
shouted into the ears of the people of the
country over this subject of civil service re-
form is but the merest sham, intended for
no other purpose than that of diverting the
attention of the people from the real causes
which have contributed to the inauguration of
the widespread demoralization which it is con-
ceded exists in every department of the Gov-
ernment: thatthis "vehement" demand for
a reform of the civil service of the Govern-
ment has been made with the full purpose and
intent of concealing from public view the
weak and wicked manner in which this ser-
vice has been managed by those who have in
charge its care, direction, and control; and I
undertake to say, and I think I will be able
to prove to the satisfaction of every unpreju-
diced mind, that there has not been a time
within the last twenty years, and I believe I
might add with equal truth within the last
thirty years, when the President and heads of
Departments were not invested with as full
and absolute legal power and control over the
whole civil service of the Government as is
granted by the act under which the present
commission has been organized; and further,
that the evils resulting and existing are not
caused by reason of any defect in or want of
legal power, but are attributable and charge-
able to the absolute violations of existing laws
by those who have charge of this service, and
whose sworn duty it is to obey and carry out
these laws.
The President in his message to Congress,
dated December 5, 1870, and to which I have
already referred, makes use of the following
language in speaking of the character of the
reform which the civil service required :
" I would have itgo beyond themere fixing of the
tenure of office of clerks and employes, who do not
require the advice and consent of the Senate' to
make their appointments complete. I would have
it govern, not the tenure, but the manner of inaking
all appointments."
it will be seen that the President would have
the reform extend, not to the tenure of the
office, but to the manner in which the appoint-
ments have heretofore been made; and, as a
reason for' demanding this change in the
"manner" of' making those appointments,
he in the same message, and in the same
connection, says:
"The presentsystem does not secure the best men,
and often not fit men for publio plaoe.
