1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2275
Havens. Hays, Hereford, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kel-
logg. Killinger, Kinsella, Lansing, Lynch, Mar-
shall, McGrew, McKeo, McKinney. Monroe. Leon-
ard Myers, Nesley. Niblack, Orr,Packard, Packor,
Percc, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Potter, Price,
Prindie, Ritchie. William R. Roberts, Robinson,
Roosevelt, Scofield, Seeiey, Sessions, Shellabarger,
Slocura, Sloss, R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Storm,
St. John, Sutherland, Synher, JDwiprht Townsend,
Turner, Tuthill, Vaughan, Waddell, Walls, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and "Wood—94.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
port huron and lakk michigan railroad.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move that the rules be
so suspended as to discharge the Committee
on the Public Lands from the farther consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 235) confirming
to the Port Huron and Lake Michigan Rail-
road Company the lands heretofore grautedto
the State of Michigan to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Graud Haven to Flint,
and thence to Port Huron, and providing for
the manner of issuing patents therefor, and for
other purposes.
The bill, which was read, provides that, the
lands heretofore granted to the State of Michi-
gan to aid in the construction of a railroad
trom Grand Haven to Flint, and thence to
Port Huron, shall be confirmed to the Port
Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad Company,
and ihe patents therefor shall be issued to said
company upon the certificate of the Governor
of the State of Michigan that the said com-
pany has completed the several portions of
its road in accordance with the provisions of
law.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, which have been considering this
bill, have prepared a report upon it, I would
like to have it read.
Mr. DUNNELL. There is no report, but
1 Jiave here a statement which can be read.
The Clerk read the following:
Port Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad Com-
pany. Case on application for confirmation of grant
of certain lands in the State of Michigan. The
lands involved were originally granted by Congress
by act of June 3,1856, to the State of Michigan, to
aid in the construction of a line of road between
Grand Haven and Port Huron. The Legislature of
Michigan conferred the grant upon the Detroit and
Milwaukee Railroad Company and the Port Huron
and Milwaukee Railway Company. TUe amount
of laud is about thirty-five thousand acres. The
Detroit and Milwaukee Railroad Company con-
structed its line beUeeir Owasso and Grand Haven
within the time limited by the act of Congress, but
the Governor of the State made no requisition for
the lands, as by the terms of the act he was entitled
to do, and the railroad company finally declined to
receive the lands upon the terms imposed by the
Legislature. The Port Huron and Milwaukee Rail-
way Company undertook to build a line between
Port Huron and Owasso, but failed and went into
liquidation.
The citizens along the line purchased all the
property of that company and the franchises of the
Port Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad Company,
and organized under its charter in 1865. The grant ol
lands expired by limitation in 1866. The difference
in the name of the organization rendered legisla-
tion requisite to transfer the grant Irom the thst-
named companies to the new organization. There
are only biennial sessions of the Michigan Legisla-
ture, and between the date of the new organization
and the lapseot the grant there was no opportunity
to apply lor the necessary legislation. The board
of control of railroadlands of the State ol Michigan
have unanimously recommended that the grant be
confirmed to this company.
The Detroit and Milwaukee Railroad Company
have also recommended that it3 proposed share in
these lands be applied to this company. That com-
pany (the Detroit and Milwaukee) clearly earned
these lands, but surrendered their rights to a com-
pany building a road upon another portion of th e line
intended to be aided under the act. The Port Huron
and Lake Michigan Railroad Company is the only
organization that can legally take the lands and use
them in the construction of the line of railroad in-
dicated in the act of Congress. That company has
•finished sixty-six miles, and are now completing
the remaining portion of rood on the line intended
to be aided,.namely, from Grand Haven to Flint,
and thence to Port Huron; and as this small amount
is all that can be realized from the grant to aid the
State in building a road on the line proposed, there
is justice in confirming it to a company completing
this link in the line, and that through the least set-
tled portions of the line where the Government has
already received double price for the previously
unsold land in the alternate sections.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that the com-
pany that first organized failed to complete the
road, or declined to take the land on the terms
proposed by the Legislature of Michigan.
Mr. CONGER. The company that first
organized completed almost one hundred miles
of road within the time prescribed, and the
Governor was about to make a requisition for
the land4 when the Legislature of Michigan
imposed a tax of one per cent, upon the capi-
tal of the company that should take this land.
The company declined to take it on that con-
dition. Another company took hold of the
work, expended a considerable sum upon it,
and then failed. Then the citizens bought up
the two charters, organized under one of them,
and proceeded to finish sixty-six miles of the
road.
Mr. HOLMAN. Did this latter company
complete enough before the time expired to
entitle it to the thirty five thousand acres of'
laud?
Mr. CONGER. It completed more than
enough had the land been there ; but there
was not this amount along the portion of the
line that they had completed.
Mr. HOLMAN. How much land has the
company now completing the road already
received ?
Mr. CONGER. Not an acre.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does this land lie within
t,he limits of the original grant?
Mr. CONGER. All of it, and it has been
reserved in the Land Office at the request of the
united Michigan delegation in Congress, be-
cause in justice it belongs to this company.
But by a mere change ot'name iu its organiza-
tion, there is needed an actof Congress to con-
firm. the title to this land which has lapsed. I
have here a resolution of the board of control
of the State of Michigan, which is composed
of the Governor and other State officers, in
which they urge the passage of this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will you have the resolu-
tion read ?
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman propose to
debate this bill ?
Mr. CONGER. I do not wish to go into any
debate upon it. This is but a small pittance
of land, which will go to citizens alone aud to
no monopoly.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand that the
Committee on the Public Lands unanimously
recommend this bill as equitable?
Mr. DUNNELL. I do not say that the
committee were unanimous in reporting the
bill; but by a vote of the committee I have
been' directed to report it, and it is in my
hands for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. Did the committee agree
to the report on the ground that this company
is equitably entitled to this grant?
Mr. DUNNELL. Yes, sir. The committee
have directed me to report the bill on the
ground that this company, although bearing a
diiferent name from the one named in the
original legislation of the State, has built the
road in good faith and is really entitled to the
grant.
Mr. HOLMAN. •Then I understand that
if other corporations had gone on and com-
pleted the road on the same terms they would
have been entitled to the grant, if they had
done it within the same time?
Mr. DUNNELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. So that the committee
think the equity of the case is in favor of this
company ?
Mr. DUNNELL. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
mo'ion of the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr.
Diwnell,] to suspend the rules and pass the
bill.
Mr. OOX. If the gentleman making this
motion will allow me, 1 would like to offer an
amendment repealing all these grants. They
are so confused that if we are to sanction any
of them we ought to begin de novo. I do not
understand that this grant stands on any bet-
ter ground than any other.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. DUNNELL. I object.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Ddnnell, to suspend the rules in order
to pass the bill, there were—ayes 67, noes 44;
no quorum voting. :
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. DoNNEUi
and Mr. Cox were appointed.
The House agam divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 52.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the motion to suspend the rules was
not agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee on Public Lands have
leave to report this bill at a time when 1 may
have an opportunity to make an explanation.
If afier such statement the House should not
see the justice of passing the bill, I shall have
nothing more to say. I did not dream that
there would be a single objection to this meas-
ure. This company has earned these lands
long ago.
Mr. COX I understand this to be like all
other grants. There is no such thing as a
company "earning" these lands.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands,
the request of the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. OoUGErJ for unanimous consent is
objected to.
Mr. CONGER. I move to suspend the rules
in order to allow the Committee on Public
Lands to report this bill on next Thursday
after the morning hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman from
Michigan can obtain from the Commissioner
of Public Lands a statement showing the
equity of this case the bill would stand in a
very different position from what it does now.
We ought to have an official statement on
which we might act with safety.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
now adjourn. •
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that the
motion to adjourn will not be agreed to. I desire
to report back from the Committee on Appro-
priations the Senate amendment to the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill, and to ask, after some other business has
been transacted, that we go info Committee of
the Whole to act upon those amendments.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, it was not agreed to, there being—
ayes 53, noes 71.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs t>n
the motion of the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Conger] to suspend the rules so as to
allow the Committee on Public Lands to report
this bill next Thursday after the morning hour.
Mr. CO)f. I object to that. We have
enough business already before the House.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Conger, there were—ayes 79, noes 45.
Mr. CONGER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Conger and
Mr. Hoi.max weTe appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 49.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the motion of Mr. Congeb was not
agreed to.
james 0. p. buunside.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I move that the
rules be so suspended that the Committee of
the Whole may be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 309) au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
refund certain moneys to James 0. P. Burn-
side, and that the bill be passed.
The bill, which was read, empowers and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
James O. P. Burnside, out of any money not
otherwise appropriated by law, the sum of
§6,783 79, being the one fourth part ofjhe
proceeds of two lots of cotton sold in New
York in the year 1865, by H. A. Risley, super-
vising special agent of the United States
