4S2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 17,
Ho. of Reps.
Frauds in the District—Mr. Roosevelt.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
spccial privilege—the scorching warmth of
southern sunlight. His labors were over, for
he had voted and was entitled to a holiday for
the rest of the day. A gentleman who was
with meapproached him and iuquired: " Sam,
have you voted?" "Yes, sir, 1 done voted,"
was the reply, with a roar of laughter that
could have been heard half a mile, and a dis-
play of ivory that would have put an ordinary
elephant to shame. "Well, Sam, for whom
did you vote?" "I dunno massa, but I jis
voted," with another outburst of laughter
which shook him from head to foot and made
the fence quiver. " But did you vote for Jones
or Brown ?" "I dunno," with a fresh peal of
merriment. "I dunuo nothing about dat,but
I done voted." "You must have voted for
somebody. How did you know whether you
were right." " I dunno, massa, but I jes voted
de yaller ticket," which wise announcement
was accompanied with a greater display of de-
light than any that preceded.
It so happened there was a yaller ticket"
in this instance ; for the color not only guided
the negro who could not read, but enabled
his master to detect him if he tried to play
false. The blacks were used in a twofold
capacity; one was to elect such candidates as
the Board of Works approved, and in this
matter the latter were absolute dictators;
and the other was to carry the loan, as will
be explained hereafter, against the property-
holders, who had already begun to be alarmed
at the reckless proceedings of the Board of
Works. For the loan the authorities had
charge of printing ballots on both sides;
hut not relying even on their hordes of black
supporters, they so managed that no adverse
ballots wcie to be had on election day, and
easily procured an overwhelming majority in
its favor; so that grading and leveling and
excavating helped to effect these purposes if
they did no good in another direction.
And what was the object of this leveling pro-
cess? In a mercantile city, where there are
heavy loads to drag, where there is much travel
and transportation, there is reason and pro-
priety in such operations, but in* city preemi-
nently of residences, with so little commerce
that it scarcely has or needs a water-front,
almost without drays capable of carrying large
loads, and with no omnibuses except private
ones running to hotels from railway stations, in
a city so circumstanced, the mad desire for level
streets and easy grades has no justification in
common sense; it is a useless outlay of money,
injurious if anything by diminishing the natu-
ral rapidity of surface drainage arising from
sleep slopes. With as much propriety might
this hill on which the Capitol stands be cut
down and the main beauty of the building be
saenliced to the needs of trade which exists
only in imagination, and which manifestly never
will become a reality; for whatever Washing-
ton may hereafter be it will never attain rank
as a "busy mart of commerce."
I will now turn to the principal cause of
expense in these so-called improvements for
which the people were earnestly invited to
vote last November: the repairing of the old
cobble stone streets, and doubtless all who hear
me will be surprised to learn that every pave-
ment being putdown in the city of Washington,
with the exception of two blocks of Seneca
stone and Belgium blocks, respectively, is
either of wood or concrete. This city with its
wide avenues, entailing a heavy expenditure at
best, with its moderate wealth, its trivial trade
and large proportion of poor inhabitants, is
made the theater of costly experiments in new
pavements. Every species of wooden or con-
crete patent has been tried or is in process of
being tried. The Nicholson, Stowe, Scharff,
Stafford, Ballard, Kvans, Scott, Scrimshaw,
Pan&ien, Miller, Prismatic, and Vulcanite,
some fifteen different patents, (page 208,) all
come in for their share of the public money
and their grab at the public treasury. Old
worthless styles and new untested ones were
alike favored.
The rotten poultice of Fifth avenue in New
York is reproduced on Pennsylvania avenue
in Washington; wooden abominations that
are proved utter failures, and strongly sus-
pected of being generators of typhoid poison,
compete for favor with concrete plasters,
which are full of holes at one end of a block
before they are completed at the other. Let
the members of the House of Representatives
use their eyes as they walk through the city
of Washington along the miles of public
thoroughfares wantonly torn up, and now be-
ing coated with a thin layer of asphalt or eoal
tar, and observe the stuff called a pavement,
already disintegrated and brittle, crushing
beneath the foot and almost between the fin-
gers, full of .holes and so soft as to be easily
indented by a boot heel, and determine for
themselves whether such vile abortions should
have been paid for at $3 20 a square yard.
For all this work the contracts, when made at
all, (which was not always by any means,)
were totally disregarded; a few inches of dry
stone covered with a skin of tar and sand were
accepted and paid for by a blind and confiding
Board of Works in lieu of eight or ten inches
of solid concrete. It seemed really as though
these gentlemen were trying to see how reck
less they could be in wasting the money of
the people whom they were appointed to pro-
tect.
The engineer of the board testified that he
knew of no concrete pavements which had
stood severe wear, and no wooden one, except
that in Chicago, which, from the dampness
of the soil, is always kept wet, and thus pro-
tected from decay; but he said that he was
not consulted and bis opinion was not asked.
He had had much experience in New York,
and was aware that both these pretentious
humbugs disappeared within a year usually,
and at most in two under the heavy travel of
that city. But what answer does the board
make for this criminal negligence? Why, it
says the contractor is bound to keep the streets
in repair for three years. He receives his
money, his bondsmen are often men of straw
or move away, no portion of the amount is
retained to meet emergencies, but this inno-
cent, simple-hearte'd body of gentlemen hopes
that he will carry out his bargain. Such pure-
minded artlessness may not be too good for
this world, but it is certainly unfitted for ordin-
ary business transactions, and should not be
trusted to guard public affairs. It can only
be equaled by the board of audit in New
York, which passed upon over six millions of
claims by authorizing the clerk to make them
up and pay them. Such want of guile is re-
freshing in these modern days, although it is
an open question whether it would have been
so gushing had the liabilities involved the pri-
vate interests of the parties. Clearly, how-
ever, these babes in the woods had better
retire " to the private station," which is man-
ifestly with them "the post of honor."
Already the concrete pavements are going
into holes large enough, as one witness testi-
fied, for a man to lie down in and be concealed
from view; in other places the whole com-
position is falling to pieces and resolving itself
into its original elements, and some of it has
already been taken up and replaced, including
as much as entire squares at a time. The
contractors were examined, and with praise-
worthy uniformity they each testified that no
patent was worth anything but their own ; but
they totally failed to give a single instance in
which any specimen ot this pavement had been
thoroughly tested with heavy travel and had
stood; they were unanimous m apologizing for
their own and condemning all other kinds.
It must not be forgotten in this connection
that nearly if not quite all these pavements
were laid without any specific legislative au-
thority at all, and not in pursuance of any
appropriation.
DISTRICT DEBT.
Precisely what the debt of this District in
its various forms now is nobody accurately
knows. Questions on the subject were ad-
dressed to all the parties who were supposed
to be informed concerning it, but without any
satisfactory results and with very dissimilar
auswers. In determining the amount of the
debt different views may be taken. If the sum
total of bonds issued is to be the sole criterion
a certain result would be reached, while if all
the contracts are estimated a vastly different
one would be obtained. It isapparent, however,
that streets which have been dug up must be
paved, that sewers which havebeen commenced
must be finished, and that grading once under-
taken must be carried out to completion ; so
that the real financial condition of the city can
only be determined by taking these all into
account, and to the bonded and floating debt
must be added all estimates for work com-
menced or contracted, all liabilities for im-
provements actually undertaken or inevitably
necessary, as well as all liabilities authorized
and which may be confirmed.
Soon after the organization of the new gov-
ernment, and on July 10, 1871, the Board of
Works submitted to the Legislative Assembly
what was called a " comprehensive plan " of
improvements throughout the city, covering
many changes, and computing the estimated
expense. At the same time the board asked
that $4,000,000 should be raised by permanent
loans to meet this cost. The Assembly ap-
proved the plan, and directed the money to
be borrowed, but an injunction was obtained
against the negotiation of the bonds, for the
reason that the loan had not been submitted
to the people. So a second loan to the same
amount was authorized, which was to be sub-
mitted to the people. Afterward, the injunc-
tion was set aside as to the first loan, and that
was negotiated, but the second one was still
submitted to the people and approved by them,
thus authorizing double what was originally
asked.
By the organic law, in the fourteenth section
which I have read, the debt is never to exceed
five per cent, of the assessed valuation of
property, unless the proposition for the in-
crease shall have been submitted to the people
and approved by them. The assessed valua-
tion of property when the act was passed was
less than $03,000,000, which has been since
increased to $89,225,615, an augmentation of
nearly fifty per cent, in one year, and upon the
latter sum it is claimed that the percentage
shall be computed, although many residents
complain of it as excessive.
The old debt .of the cities of Washington and
U-eorgetowii is    $3,750,381
First $-1,000,000 loan negotiated  4,000,000
Second $4,000,000, approved by the poopie,
but not negotiated  4,000,000
Piedmont railroad subscription  GOO.000
Water loan  450,000
Market bonds  300,000
Chicago bonds    100,000
Total  S13,206,3S1
Of these it is alleged that there is no inten-
tion of issuing the second $4,000,000 loan,
although there was nothing to prevent its issue,
as it had been regularly approved by the peo-
ple, while the first loan had been adjudged valid
by the courts. But m reality most or all of it
will have to be used unless the work under-
taken by the officials of the District is discon-
tinued or greatiy modified. The estimates as
made by thein are $8,282,996, of which they
put one third on the property-holders benefited
by the improvements, instead of either placing
the whole where the advantage accrues, or at
least two thirds, as is done in many cities.
This plan, as I have said, was simply an ingen-
ious contrivance to prevent objections, and
