2276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
Treasury, said cotton having been purchased
by the said James O. P. Burnside, in the State
of North Carolina, for delivery under a con-
tract made in December, 1864, between Burn-
side and Risley, supervising special agent of
the United States Treasury, in pursuance of
an act of Congress, approved July 2, 1864,
entitled " An act in addition to the several acts
concerning commercial intercourse between
loyal and insurrectionary States, and to provide
for the collection of captured and abandoned
property, and the prevention of frauds in.
States declared in insurrection," one fourth
of the proceeds of the sales of the cotton having
been withheld by H. A. Risley, and by him
paid into the Treasury of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported from
the Committee of Claims, and was sent to the
Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar on the point of order that it
contained an appropriation. The motion of
the gentleman from New Yprk who reported
the bill from the Committee of Claims is that
the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill, and that it be
now passed.
Mr. RANDALL. I think we should have
some explanation of the bill before we take
any such action.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I desire to state in a few words that General
Burnside, this claimant, was a loyal soldier in
the military service from the breaking out of
the war to the battle of Gettysburg. Being
disabled in that battle, he was appointed in
the confidential service of the Treasury De-
partment. He was given the first certificate
under the act of July, 1864, allowing the pur-
chase of cotton in the rebel States to supply
the want of our manufacturing interests. By
that act tbe Secretary of the Treasury was
instructed to issue regulations for conducting
the business, to be apprqved by the President.
Those regulations were made, and tbe execu-
tive order issued by the President, but by
reason of the neglect of the Secretary of the
Navy to promulgate that executive order it
was not received by Commauder Macomb,
commanding the squadron in Albemarle sound.
General Burnside's cotton was seized, his agent
arrested without any sort of an imputation
against him ; his cotton was sold at a loss to
him of upward of sixteen thousand dollars.
Twenty-five per cent, of the proceeds of that
cotton are now in the Treasury. This claim
was critically examined m the Committee of
Claims, and I beg to remind the House there
are no more faithful guardians of the Treasury
in the House than there are upon that commit-
tee. I hope the House will pass the bill.
The Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar was discharged from the
further consideration of tbe bill, and it was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
ANACOSTIA AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
Mr. COTTON. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee for the District
of Columbia a bill (H. R, No. 2247) giving
the approval and sanction of Congress to the
termini route of the Anacostia and Potomac
River railroad, and to regulate its construc-
tion and operation.
There was no objection ; and the bill was
received and read a first and second time.
The first section provides that the approval
and sanction of Congress is hereby given to
the construction, operation, and maintenance
of a street railroad by the Anacostia and Poto-
mac River Railroad Company, of Washington
city, District of Columbia, a company duly
incorporated under the act of Congress of May
5, 1870, along, upon, and over the following
route in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia, namely, commencing for the east-
ern terminus of said road at or near the north-
ern end of the Navy-Yard bridge, in said city,
on Eleventh street east; thence upon and
along said Eleventh street east, to M street
south; thence upon and along said M street
south to Third street east; thence upon and
along said Third street east to N street south ;
thence upon and along said N street south to
Water street; thence upon and along said
Water street to Twelfth street west; thence
upon and along said Twelfth street west to
Ohio avenue; thence along and upon said Ohio
avenue to Fourteenth street west; thence
along and upon said Fourteenth street west to
t.he western terminus of said road at the inter-
section of Pennsylvania avenue and said Four-
teenth street west, conforming to the grades of
said streets and avenues, as the same are now
or may hereafter be established by law.
The second section provides that in the
■matter of laying their tracks and furnishing
accommodations for the public said company
shall be under the control of the Board of
Public Works for the District of Columbia,
and that they shall pave their tracks and the
spaces between them, and for the space of two
feet beyond the outline thereof, and keep the
same in good order without expense to the
United States or the District of Columbia;
and that said pavement shall be as prescribed
by said Board of Public Works; and that the
rate of fare to be charged and received by said
company shall not exceed five cents a passen-
ger for any distance between the termini of
said road.
The third section provides that Congress
may at any time modify or repeal this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COTTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
R. NELSON GERE.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan,
by unanimous consent, House bill No. 1228,
with Senate amendments, was taken from the
Speaker's table.
The amendments were read, as follows:
In line two strike out the word "directed" and
insert the word " authorized."
In lines sis and seven strike out the word *' there-
from " and ins rt " from further liability under the
same; this not _ to authorize the payment of any
percentage retained or due upon the work already
done as security for the performance of the con-
tract."
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan. I move that
the House non-concur in the amendments of
the Seuate and ask for a committee of confer-
ence.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES P. TRACY.
Mr. HOAR. I ask unanimous consent that
the bill (H. R. No. 546) for the relief of
Charles F. Tracy be taken from the Private
Calendar and passed. The bill was sent to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar on my objection.
There was no objection ; and the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar was
discharged from the further consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 546) for the relief of
Charles F. Tracy, and the same was brought
before the House for consideration.
The bill was read. It appropriates $14,650,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to enable the Secretary of
the Interior to indemnify Charles F. Tracy for
losses by depredations eommicted by Apache
Indians in May, 1870.
Mr. HOLM AN. Has that bill been reported
by any committee?
Mr. HOAR. It was reported from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and was sent to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar on my objee'ion, which I nowwithdraw.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOAR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RELIEF OF PREEMPTION SETTLERS.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the bill (H. R. No. 1022)
for the relief of aged or infirm preemption
settlers be passed.
The bill was read. It provides that in cases
where sickness, infirmity, or great age renders
it difficult for preemption claimants to attend
before the local land offices to make affidavits
in preemption cases, such affidavits may be
made before any officer authorized to admin-
ister oaths, and, on being filed in the land
office, shall have the same force and effect as
if taken by the officers thereof; and effect shall
be given to this act by regulations to be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should like to hear the
bill read again ; I think it applies to preemp-
tors only, and not to homesteads.
Mr. SARGENT. It applies to preemptors.
But I have no objection to extending it also to
homesteads.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to have the bill
again reported.
The biil was again read.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I would
suggest to the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] the propriety of applying the pro-
visions of his bill to all homesteads.
Mr. SARGENT. I thiuk myself that that
would be very proper, but it would take some
time to modify the bill so that it should have
that application. I prefer that the bill should
pass as it is.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I have no
objection to the bill. Only I think that its
application should be extended.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill was passed.
COMMISSIONERS OF CLAIMS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I move to sus-
pend the rules, to allow a joint resolution
relating to the commissioners of claims, ap-
pointed under act of Congress, approved March
3, 1871. to be reported from the Committee of
Claims, and passed.
The joint resolution was read. It author
izes the commissioners of claims appointed
under the act of Congress approved March 3,
1871, entitled "An act making appropriations
for the support, of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872 and for other purposes," to
make further reports of their proceedings under
said act whenever, in their judgment, they
shall deem it expedient or advisable to do so.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted in favor thereof;) and the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 131) was received and passed.
TIIOMAS 3?. SPENCER.
Mr. HOLMAN. S ome time since, on a
point of order made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. IIoar,] on a bill appro-
priating $100 for the use of a horse taken and
appropriated for the public seivice duiing a
raid into the North, it was taken from the
House and sent to the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar. Thegentleman from
Massachusetts having withdrawn his objec-
tion, I move that the rules be suspended, and
that the Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1274) for
the relief of Thomas F. Spencer, of Indiana,
and that the same be passed.
The bill was read. It, authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to 'Thomas
F. Spencer, of Indiana, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of $100, for one horse taken and appro-
