4068.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to ask the Senator
from Maine a question before he takes his seat.
When stores are purchased in a foreign port
by an American vessel and brought into port
here unconsumed. is it usual for them to go
into bonded warehouses?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
Mr. SCO IT. The language authorizes them
to be withdrawn from the bonded warehouse.
Mr. HAMLIN. I see that. There is some-
thing in the point. I do not ask that they
shall withdraw foreign goods from the bonded
warehouse and receive them free of duty. Let
the qualifying words follow, if you wish, " vic-
tualing the vessel, purchased in a foreign port."
That 1 think will meet the objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Maine
and I have been talking about entirely differ-
ent things. He lias been talking about goods
taken on shipboard in a foreign port and com-
ing to this country. They do not pay duty un-
less they are entered lor consumption in this
country. This section does not affect them at
all. Any American vessel can buy anything
she can in any port of the world, and unless it
is brought here and enters into consumption
at the custom-house or goes into warehouse,
it does not pay duty under the law. If the
Senator will look at ihe law, he will find that
certain ship stores are fiee, but this section
does not apply to tht-rn.
This section authorizes these ships to take
out of our warehouses here at home foreign
goods. It does not refer to those that are
brought from abroad; they can bring them
now under the law ; but it authorizes them to
go into warehouses here and to withdraw from
home consumption goods subject to duty,
upon which the duty has been actually levied,
and upon wlneh a bond is given for the pay-
ment of ihe duty, and take those on ship-
board. There is the danger.
The Senator from Maine and I were talking
about entirely different things. I am in favor
of allowing American ships to victual where
ever they can and in any port in the world,
and to impose no duty upon them forsupplies
on shipboard, unless they are actually entered
for consumption in ports of the United States.
That is one thing. This clause provides,
however, that they may go to the Government
warehouses and take goods subject to tax,
domestic supplies of all kinds which are there
for exportation, place them on board without
paying the tax, without giving bond tor the
payment ot the duties, and under the name of
ship stores, without limit, and then they inay
dribble back, after the ship has thus supplied
itself with goods from our warehouses, thiough
a hundred seamen or the great number of
people on shipboard, free of duty, thus
evading and defeating the revenue laws. The
Senator and I took an entirely different \iew
as to what ship stores mean. As for ship
stores that come in vessels, they ought to be,
and I think they are under the law—I am try-
ing to look it up—duty free.
Mr. CHAN DLER obtained the floor.
Mr. Til (JKMAN. Will my friend from
Michigan allow me to ask a question of my
colleague ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the committee whether goods
imported into this country and put into bond
may not be taken out of bond and exported
without |«aying duty ?
Mr. SllBRMAN. They may be taken out
under cettain circumstances undoubtedly;
they may be entered for exportation in Gov-
ernment warehouses; they may be exported
under bond.
Mr. THURMAN. And then no duty is
paid ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No duty is paid.
Mr. THURMAN. If that is the case, why
should they not be allowed to be taken out of
the warehouses for the use of our ships that
are eugaged in foreign commerce?
Mr. HAMLIN. Will my friend from Ohio
allow me to make a suggestion to him right on
that point?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes.
Mr. HAMLIN. Why should notour ves-
sels stand as well as the foreign vessel that
does come here with her ship stores and go
away ? Why should not our stores be pur-
chased upon the same basis and our navigation
be upon the same footing ?
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ohio
is correct; this section was taken chiefly from
the first section of the bill reported by the
Committee on Commerce with alterations.
The Committee on Commerce intended to
allow these supplies to be taken from bond
where ships were exclusively engaged in for-
eign trade ; but this provision as it comes from
the House permits these vessels to engage in
the domestic and coastwise trade.. It reads,
"including the trade between the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts of the United States." That is
coastwise trade. That is an exclusive monop-
oly. No foreign ship can touch a single pound
of freight going from an Atlantic to a Pacific
port. 1'his opens the coastwise trade ; and
hence it is entirely wrong in this absolute
monopoly to permit ship stores to be with-
drawn from warehouses free of duty or a draw-
back to be allowed on vessels engaged in that,
trade.
Then again, further down in the same sec-
tion, I shall move to strike out the clause which
says they sh ill not engage in domest ic or
coastwise trade more than three months iu a
year. If they are engaged three months, or
two months, or one month in a year, there is
no reason on earth why they should take a
single dollar's worth of goods out of store
while thus engaged in the domestic and coast-
wise trade. Hence I prefer the bill as pro-
pared by the Committee on Commerce, which
confines this donation exclusively to the foreign
trade. The coastwise trade is as strictly and
rigidly a monopoly as the manufacture of sew-
ing-machines under a patent. There is and
can be no competition from any ship on earth
that is not under -the American flag in this
domestic and coastwise trade, or iu this trade
between Pacific and Atlantic ports. Hence,
when the proper time comes, I shall move to
strike out the words "including the trade be-
tween Ihe Atlantic and Pacific ports of the
United States," and likewise the clause " mote
than three months in any one year," because
there is no reason on earth why they should
avail themselves of this donat'ou where there
is no competition with any foreign vessel. I
agree with my honorable Iriend from Oregon
oti this subject. If this were confined exclu-
sively to the foreign trade, as it should be, I
should be willing to allow them to take stores
out of bond, and all the stores they require;
but I am not willing that they shall do it while
they are engaged in the coastwise trade.
Mr. MORTON. I had supposed ihat the
words "ship stores" had a definite significa-
tion, that they meant those stores necessary for
the subsistence of the crew and the navigation
of the vessel. I find that, definition given iu
Webster: "In commercial navigation ihe sup-
plies of different articles piovided for the sub-
sistence and accommodation of the ship's crew
and passengers."
It has been said that even if we could build
iron ships we could not navigate them in com-
petition with the ships of European Powers;
that they had advantages in navigation as well
as in construction ; and so they have; and our
ships will not be on equal footing with them
unless they are allowed to ship their necessary
stores free. The levying of a tax upon the
stores necessary for the navigation of our
ships is a direct, discrimination against, out-
own commerce. I am informed by the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Jlottniu.] that it has
been the policy of England and France for
more than two hundred years to enable all
their ships to supply their stores without ex
cise duties of any kind. They are allowed to
take them free for the purpose of giving their
marine the power of competing with the ships
of other nations; and we know how England
has succeeded.
If we are going to build up American com-
merce, let us do a complete and thorough
thing, not a half-way thing. If we allow the
materials to build the ships to come in free,
then let the stores necessary for their naviga-
tion also be free. It seems to me it would be
a very short-sighted policy to require these
ship stores to pay duty. You might just as
well require the materials necessary to build
ships to pay duty. The same reason that
applies iti the one case applies in the other. I
am in favor of allowing ship-building materi-
als to come in free. I am in favor of allow-
ing all the stores necessary to navigate ships
in the foreign trade to be put upon that ship
free.
The Senator from Ohio says they will drib-
ble back. Well, they will dribble back from
foreign ships that come in in the same way,
will they not ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at, all; they cannot.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly there is always
danger of that sort of smuggling; but there
is no more danger in the one case than in the
other.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, they cannot export anything from a Gov-
ernment warehouse unless they give a bund,
and then they must show that they delivered
the identical goods at the foreign port desig-
nated, and they must produce a consular cer-
tificate to the fact that those goods were de-
livered at that port, to fall within the privilege
granted by our exportation laws.
■Mr. HAMLIN. Will my friend from Indi-
ana let trie make one remark right there?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. This law is to be adminis-
tered under the rules and regulations estab-
lished by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
he will define precisely what ship stores shall
go on board.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. CORBE1T. I should like to suggest
to the Senator from Indiana that these foreign
vessels come in now and they have their liquors
on board and people go on board and drink
them. Just as much will diibble back from
tiiem as our own ships, and there is no greater
risk.
Mr. MORTON. 1 have only got five min-
utes and I will go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Senator fiotn Indiana
declines to yield further.
Mr. MORTON. It is a thing that can be
governed by regulation. The Treasury De-
partment can fix the maximum of ship stores
for a crew of twenty, or a cre w of thirty, or a
crew of fifty men. There is no difficulty upon
that subject. Now, if we want to make a com-
plete and thorough measure for the revival of
American commerce, let us provide for ship
building and for ship navigation ; lei us make
them both as free as possible, and enable ours,
to compete with foreign ships.
Mr. MORRILL, ot Maine. I should like
to ask my honoiable frtend from Michigan,
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
whether 1 under.-tood him as objecting to tins
particular proposition in regard to ship stores?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir, I do not.
Mr. MORRILL, of .Maine. I supposed not,
for 1 find the same thing in the bill reported
fiom the Committee on Commerce, and I did
not suppose the honorable Senator was rising
to object to it.
Mr. MORTON. I think the Senator from
Michigan is rigiit in his suggestion as to cer-
tain wortls that, should come out of the section.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly I want to
strike out all reference to the coastwise trade
and confine it to the foreign trade, and then 1
am for the amendment.
