3172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7, 1
commander to present to Congress the above reso-
lutions.
6. That the Senators and Representatives from
this State are respectfully requested to assist the
above committee, and secure the passage of the
measures thus approved.
HOWARD J. RUED BR,
JNO. F. IIARTRANFX,
LOUIS WAIiiVER,
GEO. N. CORSON,
ROBT. B. BEAT II, .
Committee.
FRANK REJSDER,
Department Commander.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, that paper is signed by the most
eminent soldiers of the State which gave more
soldiers to the war than any other State in the
Union, with perhaps one exception. One of
them is the Republican candidate to-day for
the Governorship of Pennsylvania ; another
is the surveyor general of the State of Penn-
sylvania, elected last year by the soldiers by a
large majority. They solemnly and earnestly
protest against this Congress giving to the
soldiers one hundred and sixty acres of land
with any condition annexed to it save that of
actual settlement. They know that it will be
of no benefit to them. They know that it
will take four hundred million acres of the
public land, and that under the provisions of
this bill, if there be but one agent, to each one
hundred and sixty acres, or if there be four
to each six hundred and forty acres, it will
require over two million agents in-order to
take up that land.
Now, those two million men, by the pro-
visions of the bill as reported here to night,
will have to go and settle upon these lands.
Two million actual sottlera, Mr. Speaker,
could not be found in twenty years. There
will be an endeavor to get rid of the certifi-
cates as fast us possible. There will be but a
small rnarkot, and there will be a large sup-
ply-;' and the result of it will bo that these
certificates will be sold at ten cents per acre.
For these reasons, and in obedience to the
resolutions of the Grand Army of the Repub-
lic, I shall vote agiiinst this bill.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I yield now to the
chairman of the committee, the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. ComuiN.]
Mr. COMJKN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Townsknd] desires half a minute,
and [ yield to him for that time.
Mr. TOVVNS1SND, of New York. I do not
think that, thaimmense and stupendous results
of this bill are fairly understood by the House.
The fact of such an enormous grant of land
as this, amounting to five hundred million
acres, is of such magnitude that 1 do not think
the House is justified in acting upon such a
proposition. I therefore move to strike out
the enacting clause.
Mr. COBUHN. I did not yield to the gen-
tleman for the purpose of making that motion,
but simply to allow him to make a speech.
1 desire to say a word or two in relation to
the Grand Army petition which has been read
to the House, It seems to be signed by some
officers holding high rank and receiving good
pay; but we are looking here in this bill to
the benefit of soldiers who did not get quite so
much money.
But let me call the attention of the House
now to these resolutions. They are not at all
in conflict with this bill. They set forth :
" That tlio department of Pennsylvania earnestly
protests against the passage of any law granting
one hundred and sixty acres of land to honorably
discharged soldiers or sailors, or their legal repre-
sentatives, without actual residence thereon, as
being adverse to a sound public policy in the dis-
tribution of the public lands."
Why, this bill contemplates actual residence.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Not
of soldiers.
Mr. COBURN. Suppose somebody else
foes and settles on it, what is the difference ?
[ow much better is it if a soldier settles on it
than anybody else? Why do these gentlemen
want to compel the soldiers, all of them, to
emigrate to the West? If a soldier can sell
to a citizen why should he not do it? I am a
soldier and want to sell my right, why cannot
I do so to a neighbor, and let him go and
move to the West and settle upon the land?
And he is to do that in a year. The whole
thing is as plain as daylight. The title is
forfeited if the settlement is not made within
the year.
Gentlemen talk about this immense domain
that is given away, about three or four hun-
dred million acres being given away in a year.
Why, sir, that cannot be._ And they contra-
dict themselves even while they are making
the announcement. They say that it cannot
be done in a year. One gentleman says that
it will take forty years to do it. Suppose it
does; what will be the population of this coun-
try at the end of that period of time, and what
will be the amount of land we will necessarily
occupy ; and what will be the value of this
unoccupied land, which will be gradually fall-
ing into the hands of the soldiers? Why,
in forty years from the present time there
will be from eighty to one hundred million
people in this country; and the vast tide of
emigration that will have passed the Missis-
sippi on to the Rocky mountains and filled up,
the intervening valleys and plains, will be
incalculable in its power and wealth and influ-
ence.
I say now. that in view of that fact great
value will be added to these lands, and it is no
unsubstantial thing that this bill will give to the
soldiers. Gradually these certificates will fall
into the hands of soldiers, as the officers of the
Government can issue them, as population
incicasus, and as the tide of"wealth and power
goes toward the West. 'These things cannot
be done in a day. Gentlemen talk as if the
whole continent would be swallowed up in a
littlo time by the passage of this measure.
And they talk about this beinaa grab game.
Sir, what is a grab game? I will tell the gen-
tlemen. It is giving to a railroad corporation
a strip of territory a hundred miles in width
and extending across this continent. That is
a grab game. And when that was done we
did not find half as many men protesting
against it, as we find upon this floor to-night
fighting this bill to give a lit tle gratuity to our
soldiers. Sir, what these Pennsylvanians of
the Grand Army of the Republic voted against
was the issuing of land warrants and not the
issuing of assignable rights like these. 1 am
opposed t.o issuing land warrants to soldiers,
to be floating around the country aud of little
or no value to the actual settlers. But the
rights under this bill will be of value to the
actual settlers. The pensioner with one arm,
or one leg, perhaps unable to walk, and com-
pelled to rely upon the assistance of friends
to wheel him around, a mere scrap of human-
ity, can send somebody out there who will
settle in good faith upon the land.
Sir, this is a measure that will promote set-
tlement, that will give an impulse to the pros-
perity of the country, that will accelerate the
tide of emigration toward the West. I see
nothing in this bill that endangers the fair and
bona fide settlement of our western States
and Territories. Geutlemen are alarmed at a
bugb«ar of their own creation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now call the pre-
vious question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 47, noes 36; no quorum voting.
Mr. SLAT13R. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. OOBDRN. I hope not.
Mr. BIGGS. There is evidently no quorum
present, and we may as well adjourn, as it is
now late.
Mr. DONNAN. I suggest that the pre-
vious question be considered as ordered, and
then we can adjourn.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of New York. I object
to that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
field.) The question is upon the motion to
adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 64, noes 39.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. Sl'OUGHTON called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers : and there were seventeen in the affirma-
tive.
So (the affirmative not- being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
So the motion of Mr. Slater was agreed
to; and accordingly (at ten o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, aud referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CONNER: The petition of citizens
of Wise county, Texas, in relation to mail
service.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio: The memorial
of Richard Joqua, a soldier of the war of
1812, praying a pension.
Also, the petition of John H. Norman and
Samuel Face, of Sandusky, Ohio, asking pay-
ment for labor done and materials furnished
the Government during the occuDaney of
Johnson Island as a camp for prisoners of
war.
By Mr. McHENRY: The petition of Cath-
arine Maredoch, late postmistress at Hawes-
ville, Kentucky, praying additional compen-
sation.
POST ROUTE BILL INTRODUCED.
The following was introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. CONNER: A bill to establish cer-
tain post routes in the States of Texas.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 8, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
REPORT OF COM MISSION EH OF AGHICULTBUE.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives ; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing: ;
llesolvedby the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed of the annual '
report ot the Commissioner of Agriculture for 1871
two hundred and fifty-five thousand extra copies;
one hundred and eighty thousand of which shall be
for tho use of the House, fifr,y thousand for the use
of the Senate, and twenty-five thousand for distri-
bution by the Commissioner of Agriculture.
REPORT OF INDIAN COMMISSIONERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before
the Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ato concurring,) That there bo printed five thousand
extra copies of the report of the board of Indian
commissioners for 1871, of which thirty-five hun-
dred copies shall be for the use of the House, ana
fifteen hundred copies for the use of the Senate.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER OF EDUCATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before •
the Senate the following concurrent resolu-
tion from the House of Representatives ; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed twenty thou-
sand copies ot the second volume of the report oi
the Secretary of the Interior containing the report
of the Commissioner of Education; five thousand
copies of which shall be for the use ot the benaw«
ten thousand for the us>e of the House of !
atives, aud five thousand for the use of the iiureau -
of Education. -
'/M
