1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227.7
priated to the service of the United States by
troops under the command of General Hobson
on the 13th day of July, 1863.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds
voting in favor thereof;) and the bill was
uniform kates of transportation.
Mr. KENDALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2249) to require
uniform charges for transporting freight and
passengers by the railroad companies and
other common carriers, and to prevent and
punish unjust discrimination in favor of or
against particular persons or places; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
representatives of george fisher.
Mr. ARCHER. I move that the rules be
suspended to allow the introduction and pas-
sage ofa bill to prevent an appropriation therein
mentioned' from lapsing in consequence of
delay in adjustment.
The bill was read for information. It au-
thorizes and directs the Secretary of War to
carry out the award of the Department made
in pursuance of a resolution of Congress, ap-
proved June 1, 1860, in favor of the heirs and
legal representatives of George Fisher, de-
ceased, for military spoliations by United
States troops during the war of the Creek
Indians, and provides that the appropriation
contained in the first section of the original act
passed for the relief of the claimants, approved
April 12, 1848, shall not be allowed to lapse
in consequence of delay in adjustment, but that
the same is reenacted and made available, any
law, resolution, rule, or regulation of any
Executive Department to the contrary not-
withstanding.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. G-ARFIELD, of Ohio. I must object
to that; it is a claim twenty-four years old. I
cannot yield for a motion to suspend the rules
and pass it. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1060) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending Juue 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
I also move that all general debate shall close
upon the said amendments in one minute after
the committee shall proceed to the considera-
tion of the same.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave ofabsencewas
granted to Mr. Farnsworth for one week.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. Crebs for two weeks, on
account of sickness in his family.
surveyor general of new mexico.
By unanimous consent, sundry papers from
the surveyor general's office of New Mexico,
which had been referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims, were ordered to be
printed.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
1000) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 80,
1873, and for other purpose's.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amend-
meu&s o£ the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is impossible for us to
tell what the recommendations of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations are.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest that
the Clerk read the amendments in order, and
unless there be objection wherever the recom-
mendation is for concurrence, it shall be under-
stood that concurrence is had, so that when an
amendment is read in which the committee
recommends concurrence and no vote is asked
upon it, it shall be considered as concurred in.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
that order will be pursued. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the com-
mittee will allow me, I will say a word before
we pass to the next amendment. This bill
came back from the Senate with ninety-three
amendments. The committee recommend
concurrence in twenty-nine of those amend-
ments. They recommend non-concurrence in
fifty-nine. We recommend concurrence with
amendments- in five others.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read to the end of the seventh amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. G A RFIELD, of Ohio. Before the eighth
amendment of the Senate is read, I am author-
ized to offer the following amendment, so as
to make the bill conform to what has been done
heretofore:
In lines forty-five and forty-six, after the word
"dollars,"in line onehundred andforty-five,amend
so that the clause will read, "clerk at Speaker's
table at $5 76 per day, and private secretary to the
Speaker $2,102 40."
That simply takes out the per diem and makes
it an annual salary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The eighth amendment was read, as follows:
Insert after the following clause, " Sergeant-at-
Arms, $4,320," this proviso:
Provided, That hereafter he shall receive, direotly
or indirectly, no fees or other compensation or
emolument whatever for performing the duties pf
the office, or in connection therewith, otherwise
than as aforesaid.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not this the law now ?
My impression is that in the last Congress we
passed a law of this kind, which has been
operating ever since.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My impression
is that it is the law now, but in order to make
it perfectly certain we thought we would agree
to the amendment of the Senate.
The following amendment was read :
Insert the following: .
And the compensation of the foreman of printing
and the foreman of binding, at the Government
Printing Office shall be g2,100, to commence on the
1st of July, 1872, and a sum sufficient to pay the
increase of salary hereby provided is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appro pt'iated.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence in the amendment of
of the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This is the first
of a class of amendments made by the Senate
to this bill which relate to salaries. A large
number of the Senate amendments propose
changes in salaries. If the Committee of the
Whole is inclined to raise salaries in this bill,
there is probably no more meritorious case
than the two named in this amendment. The
Committee on Appropriations have recom-
mended non-concurrence in all the various
amendments throughout this bill that propose
an increase of salaries If we are going to
non-concur generally in those amendments,
this amendment should also be non-concurred
in with the rest. If, on the other hand, the
Committee of the Whole intend to increase
salaries, I think the increase asked for in this
amendment, is probably as reasonable and just
as any in the whole bill. But I hope the Com-
mittee of the Whole will not concur in it.
Mr. L. MYERS. Is this increase recom-
mended by the Secretary?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I believe it is
recommended not by the Secretary, but by the
Public Printer, and very urgently recommended
by him.
Mr. L. MYERS. I think that where the
Department recommends an inqrease, with,
their knowledge of all the facts of the case,
we should regard their recommendation.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Th'e twenty-fifth Senate amendment was "
read, as follows:
After the words "for publishing the laws in pamph-
let form, $12,000, "insert " and in newspapers #60,000:
Provided, That all laws requiring the publication of
the laws and treaties in newspapers are hereby
repealed."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence in the amendment of the
Senate with an amendment to strike out the
words "in newspapers $50,000; provided,
that;" so that it will read, "and all laws requir-
ing the publication of the laws and treaties in
newspapers are hereby repealed."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
we will not amend this bill by putting in _ it
legislation which shall repeal the law requir-
ing the publication of laws and treaties in
newspapers. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by striking out the proviso,
which reads as follows:
Provided, That all laws requiring the publication
of the laws and treaties in newspapers are hereby
repealed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire not
to reawaken the discussion upon this subject,
but simply to say that after all the discussion
which has been had in the House, an oppor-
tunity is now presented by this Senate amend-
ment to vote upon the question of continuing
the laws now m force requiring the printing
of laws and treaties in the newspapers. If
the amendment of the Senate shall be con-
curred in, with the amendment recommended
by the Committee on Appropriations, the
laws requiring the printing of statutes and
treaties in newspapers will be repealed. The
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] leaves the laws
in forfie, and appropriates $50,000 to pay for
that pubiication.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment, so that my colleage [Mr.
Hoaii] may renew it.
Mr. HOAR. I renew the amendment. I
desire to ask the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations [Mr. Garfield] what seems
to me to be a very important question ; and
that is whether his committee approve the pol-
icy of permitting the Senate to amend appro-
priation bills by inserting new legislation. I
am perfectly aware that the rules of the Senate
and their practice have heretofore permitted
that to be done. But I am also aware that my
colleague, [Mr. Dawes,] the late chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations in the last
House, expressed his profound disapprobation
of that policy.
Now, the effect of concurring in this amend-
ment of the Senate, as recommended by the
Committee on Appropriations, is to permit
the Senate to force the House to pass that
which they do not approve, or leave the Gov-
ernment in a condition in which its ordinary
functions cannot be performed. The Senate
will be permitted to do with appropriation bills
what the House will not by its own rules per-
mit itself to do. The House has adopted a
rule that no new legislation in an appropria-
tion bill shall be proposed by even its own
Committee on Appropriations, thinking that it
is unfit that any matter of new legislation shall
be considered under the bias of the fact that 11
it does not do so the appropriaton bill may
fail.
Now, it seems to me, that the House should
not permit itself to entertain or consider favor-
ably any amendment put upon an appropria-
tion bill in the other branch which it refuses to
allow one of its own members, or even one ot
its own committees to propose. I believe that
