1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 516) for the relief of George W. Morse;
■which was read twice by its title, referred,to
the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
517) to authorize assignments of pay of Army
officers to-life insurance companies; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
acquisition of cuba.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer a resolution and ask
that it be read, printed, and laid on the table ;
and I give notice that at some early day I
shall make some remarks to the Senate upon it.
Leave was granted to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. K. No. 6) in favor of the acqui-
sition by purchase of the island of Cuba;
which was read a first time, as follows:
Whereas the island of Cuba is no longer necessary
to the safety of any continental dominions of Spain,
and is of vast importance to secure the southern
shores of the United States from invasion, and the
commerce floated from the groat rivers of tho conti-
nent into the Gulf of Mexico, from depredation;
and whereas the acquisition of Cuba by the United
States would enhance its commercial importance
not only to the United States, hutto all thecommer-
cial nations of the world, and especially to Spain,
and for the same reason that the incorporation of
the colonics of England, France, and Spain, under
the Government of the United States, has promoted
the development of their commerce with their
mother countries; and whereas tho acquisition of
Cuba would free the American continent from the
last vestige of slavery by tho operation of tho Con-
stitution of tho United States, and would open for
emigration, to the frocmen of African descent now
residing in tho United States, a congenial climate
and rich soil adapted to their physical Constitution,
where their intelligent labor would find its richest
rewards, promoting the improvement of tho race,
and guarantying their prosperity and equality under
free institutions: Therefore,
Be it re-solved l>y the Senate and Houne of Ilcprcsent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and is hereby, requested to open negotiations
with Spain for tho purchase and cession of the island
of Cuba.
The resolution -was ordered to lie on the
table, and be piinted.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is now again before the Senate, being
the amnesty bill, and the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] asks that it be informally
passed over for the purpose of calling up the
resolution offered by himself some days since.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Meaning no discourtesy
to the Senator personally, I cannot consent to
that, for one, and I will state to the Senator
my reason. I will not object to his moving at
any time to take up his resolution; indeed, I
am not sure that 1 will not vote with him to do
it 5 but when it is taken up, I want it to be
within the control and power of the Senate.
I say frankly that I wish to submit some ob-
servations upon it myself. I wish to have the
power to offer, unless some other Senator
shall offer, amendments to the resolution, and
the opportunity to obtain a vote upon them,
if it is taken up thus informally it will be con-
tinually in the power of any single Senator, by
demanding the regular order of business, to
carry it entirely beyond our control. There-
fore, I repeat, meaning no discourtesy to the
Senator, the resolution is of a character so
extraordinary, that I object to its being taken
up except by a vote of the Senate postponing
the regular order of business and bringing it
within our control, so that other Senators,
like the Senator from Kentucky, may have the
privilege of being heard, and of offering such
amendments and of presenting such questions
as may seem to them fit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again state the condition of business. The
unfinished business is before the Senate, being
what is known as the amnesty bill, and the pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] The
Senator from Kentucky asked that it be in-
formally passed over to take up his resolution,
and he also stated that atone o'clock he would
move to set aside the unfinished business. That
motion is in order if the Senator now makes it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. To meet the
very proper suggestion of the Senator from
New York, I will make the motion in a form
that will suit him. I move to postpone tho
pending and all prior orders for the purpose
of taking up the resolution that I offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky first made the motion in that shape,
and then at the suggestion of the Senator from
Massachusetts yielded and asked that it should
be informally taken up. He now renews the
motion that the pending question, the amnesty
bill, be postponed, with all other orders, for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the resolution offered by him. It requires
a majority vote of the Senate to set aside the
pending business.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I ask leave to
modify ray resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be in
order after it shall have been taken up. It is
not yet up.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate that the modified
resolution, as I intended to offer it, be read in
lieu of the original resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
not yet being taken up, the Senator from Ken-
tucky asks unanimous consent to modify it;
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I ask that it be
read for the information of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator cannot ask"
to take up a resolution that lias not yet been
offered. The resolution which he asks to take
up is the resolution lying on the table, and
that, I submit, is the resolution that must be
reported.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky asks that what he proposes to offer, if
the resolution shall be taken up, as a substi-
tute for,what he formerly offered, may be read
for information, that the Senate may know
what they are required to vote upon.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. By general con-
sent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the Chair
understands the Senator from Ohio, the Sen-
ator from Kentucky desires the modification to
be read for information only, giving notice
that he will so modify his resolution. The
Secretary will report the original resolution
on the Calendar to which the motion applies,
and afterward the modification which will be
proposed by the Senator from Kentucky if the
resolution should be taken up.
The Chief Clerk read the original resolution
offered by Mr. Davis, of Kentucky, on the
20th of December last, as follows:
Rewired, That tho Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment inquire, ascertain, and report
whether Ulysses S. Grant,President of the United
States, now has, or heretofore has had, any interest,
certain or contingent, in any contract to do work lor
the United States, or to iuraish any material to be
used in any public building; and if he has, or has
had, any such, interest, whether it camc to him by
purchase or gift. That said committee inquire,
ascertain, and report whether any persons have
made donations of money or property to the Pres-
ident, and he has bestowed upon the donors, or their
relations, oitices or places of public trust and profit;
and if so, the names of the donors and of tho per-
sons on whom, such offices or trusts were bestowed,
designating the trust or office in each case. That
said committee also inquire, ascertain, and report
whether tho President has bestowed any offices or
places of public trust or profit on his relations, or
the relatives of any member of his family; and if
&o, the names of all such persons, tho offices and ■
trusts bestowed upon them, and tiacu\ relationship j
to the President or member of his family, i'hat !
said committee also inquire, ascertain, and report j
whether there has been any contract arrangement, j
or understanding by or among any officers or persons (
in the civil, military, or naval service of the united •
States, that they or others were to have any part or J
interest in any money, bonds, land, or other prop- ;
erty, to be paid or acquired consequent upon any j
treaty between the republic of Dominica and the j
United States ; and if so, the namrs of all such per- j
sons, and the nature of their connection with the j
affair; and whether the ships, sailors, or marine :
foroes of the United States have taken any part in j
the conflict between Baez and Cabral, or did any act t
to favor or injure the cause of either; and if so, what
was the part or act, and by what authority or order
done. And that said committee also inquire, ascer-
tain, and report whether the President and heads of
Departments, or any of them, have absented them-
selves lrom Washington city and the performance
of their respective duties to make electioneering ex-
cursions and spccc-hcs through the country, and to
spend their time at places of pleasure and dissipa-
tion; and if so, how frequent were such absences by
those officers or any of them, and how long did eacn
continue. And in prosecuting these several inquiries
said committee is empowered to send for persons
and papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report for the information of the
Senate what the Senator from Kentucky, if
this resolution shall be taken up, proposes to
have inserted in its place as a modification.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Rejoiced, That the Committee on Investigation
and Retrenchment do inquire, ascertain, and report
whether there is or has been any contract, arrange-
ment, or understanding by or among any officers or
persons in the civil, military, or naval service of
tho Uni'ed States, or citizens thereof among them-
selves, or with other persona not citizcns, that they,
or any of them, were to have any part or interest in
any money, stock?, bonds, lands, or other property
to be paid or acquired consequent upon any treaty
between the republic ot' Dominica and tbe United
States; and if so, thenames of all persons connected
with any such transaction and its nature: and
whether the ships, sailors, or marines of tho United
States have taken any part or done any act in the
conflict botween Baez and Cabral to favor tho causo
of either, and if so, what was the part or act, and by
what authority or order. Also, whether Ulysses S.
Grant. President of tho United States, now has or
heretofore has had any interest, certain or contin-
gent. in any contract for work to bo porformed for
the United States, or to furnish material to be used
in any building or other public works; and if he has
or has had any suchinteiest in buikliugor material,
its naturo and extent, and whether it come to him.
by gift or purchase. Also, whether any persons have
liiiidodonations of any money or properly to thosaid
Ulysses 3. Grant, and ho has bestowed on the donors,
or their connections, offices or places of public trust
and profit, or public contracts; andif so, the names
of such donors and their connections, and the offices,
places, and contracts obtained by them, an' tho
amount and value of the money or property given
tho said Ulysses S. Grant. Also, whether Ulysses S.
Grant, President, by himself or his subordinate offi-
cers, has bestowed upon his own connections, or the
connectionsof any member of his family, any offices
or places of public trust or profit, or used the patron-
age and power of his office for their pecuniary profit;
and if so, the names of all such connections of him-
self or any member of his family, and their relation-
ship, and tho offices, places of profit, contracts, and
patronage and power of which they were the recip-
ients. Alsothatthecommitteereportupon tho expe-
diency of Congress passing an act to prohibit thegift
of money or property to any officer or person in tho
servioe of the United States, and for the forfeiture
thereof, except in consideration of blood, marriage,
ui relationship; and also tho expediency of an act
to prohibit the appointment to any office or place of
trust or profit under the United States of any person
who has any relation or connection within certain
specified degrees holding another office or place of
trust or profit under the United States; and said
committee is empowered to send for persons and
papers, and to take testimony.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amnesty bill
being before the Senate, the Senator iiora
Kentucky moves to postpone the present and
all other orders for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of the resolution first
reported by the Secretary, and which he pro-
poses, if taken up, to modify. Under the rules
of the Senate the merits of the question can-
not be debated on the motion to take up the
resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the amnesty bill
will not be postponed. That is a very import-
ant measure, upon which we ought to have
early action. 1 cannot object, of course, iu
courtesy, to the Senator from Kentucky calling
up his resolution and submitting his remarks
upon it, because that courtesy lias been ex-
tended to several other Senators ; but I hope
we shall not postpone the amnesty bill. Lei
it be laid aside informally, as it was in the other
cases. That will answer the Senator's pur-
pose probably.
Mr. CONKLING-. That cannot be done
except by unanimous consent"."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know that it requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. I must object, if no
other Senator does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course each Sen-
