1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4069
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on concurring in the amendment, and
declared that, the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for a division. This
is the amendment striking out " ship stores."
Mr. SCO T I1. Before the vote is taken, I
must say that it seems to me there is some
misunderstanding about this matter. Do I
understand the Senator from Maine as acced-
ing to the suggestion of the Senator from Mich-
igan to strike out those portions of the section
which relate to the coastwise trade?
Mr. HAMLIN. The question is now on
striking out ''ship stores."
Mr. SCO 1'T. I understand that; but it turns
upon that point.
Mr. CHANDLER. It does turn upon that,
and therefore, perhaps, I had better make my
motion first to strike out the coastwise trade
and see whether that will carry, because if it
does not I am utterly opposed to putting in
ship stores.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will only say that with
the ship stores in, and striking out the provis-
ion with regard to the coastwise trade, I cer-
tainly would not vote for this provision.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should vote against
it if it applied to the coastwise trade, of course.
I will therefore ask to suspend the vote on the
pending amendment,, and will move to stiike
out in hues six, seven, and eight, the words
"including the trade between the Atlantic and
Pacific ports of the United States." That is
coastwise trade. I move to strike out that
clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The immediate question
before the Senate is on concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole. The Senator can afterward move the
amendment he now suggests, because it is an
amendment to the text of the bill. The first
question, uniess the Senate by unanimous con-
sent decide otherwise, is on the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. -If the Chair
will allow me, the section as amended by strik-
ing out from line sixteen down to line twenty
shows that the committee intended to do the
very thing now proposed by t.he Senator from
Michigan, but omitted it in the former part of
the section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the words '"ship stores or."
Mr. THURMAN. I think the Senate had
better give unanimous consent to allow the
Senator from Michigan to move to strike out
the first proviso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection interposed the Chair will enter-
tain that motion.
Mr. THURMAN. I think so because the
vote on other questions will depend very much
on ihat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan desires a vote on his
amendment to strike out from line six, afier
the word " trade," all the words down to the
word " States," in line eight.
Mr. TIIURMAN. No; it is to strike out
the first proviso.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; to strike out
the words "including the trade between the
Atlantic and Pacific ports of the United
States." That is a coastwise trade.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
Mr. COLE. I hope these words will not be
stricken out. That is as much a foreign trade
as any other.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a strict monopoly
to the American flag, the same as the coast-
wise trade oti the Atlantic.
Mr. COLE. It is very different from the
coastwise trade on the Atlantic. Ihe trade
either goes around Cape Horn or is carried
on across the Isthmus, and necessarily goes
through foreign countries.
Mr. CHANDLER. No foreign flag can
touch a pound of it; it is a strict monopoly.
Mr. COLE. Every oue knows it is a very
long voyage—eighteen thousand miles if you
go by Cape Horn, and if by the Isthmus, some
six or seven thousand miles at the shortest,
Mr. CORBBf T. I do not think it would
touch the vessels going to the Isthmus if that
language is stricken out. These are vessels
sailing from New York to a foreign port, and
also from San Francisco to a foreign port. It
only affects those going around the Horn as
far as that is concerned.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Michigan to
meet the objection that he makes. Let us add
to the clause that contains the words " ships'
stores" that he proposes to strike out:
Provided, This Joes not apply to ships engaged in
the coastwise trade.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us take a vote on
this amendment, which is entertained by unan-
imous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question is on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Michigan, striking out the words
which have been read.
Mr. MORtiILL, of Maine. It is manifest
enough, i\lr. President, that this is a very im-
portant and substantive proposition, so far as
the revival of commeice is concerned. Now
there may be a sense, taking a very technical
sense, in which this may be a coastwise trade ;
but when you come to say that a ship depart-
ing from New York or the State of Maine and
running down the entire length of the Amer-
ican continent, and rounding the Cape and
coasting up alongside of South America, be-
cause it touches San Diego, a port iu our coun-
try, is engaged in the coasting trade, is abhor-
rent to all common sense. What do these
ships do? These ships are of the character
of foreign sea-going vessels, all of them. None
of our small ships can navigate those seas;
they are, therefore, a class of foreign-going
ships necessarily. Where do they go / They
trade all along down the coast of South Amer-
ica on the east side, and so on the west side.
They may very likely, and often do, touch at
American ports on that side; and now, upon
the construction proposed to be given by my
honorable friend, that makes it a coastwise
business. Although they have been sailing
thousands of miles iu foreign waters all the
time, if they land at one of the sea ports on
American soil, that makes it a coastwise busi-
ness. That is substantially incorrect, of
course.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will my friend allow
me to ask liiui a question?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is not that strictly a
coastwise trade? Is it not confined to the
American flag and American bottoms? That
is what I mean. No ship can touch one sin-
gle pound of freight going from here to Cali-
fornia and Oregon except an American ship.
That being the case, why do you grant this
great boon to a ship engaged iu the American
trade that already has a monopoly?
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 will answer the Senator's
question, with my colleague's permission.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With pleasure.
Mr. HAMLIN. If I can get the attention
of the Senate lor a single moment I think I
can give a very good reason why this language
should be in this section, and 1 will begin by
saying that if it goes out you will not build the
first vessel under this law. Why? Here is a
voyage, it is coastwise technically, but it is
more than six thousand miles. 1 ask the
Senator from California what the distance is?
Mr. COLE. The, distance by the Isthmus
is six thousand miles, and by Cape Horn it is
seventeen or eighteen thousand miles.
Mr. HAMLIN. Here is a coasting voyage
passing half a dozen different countries on the
Pacific and ou the Atlantic coasts. Techni-
cally it is a coastwise voyage. But here is
the point in controversy, or here is the neces-
sity of keeping this language in : A owns a
ship in New York ; he freights her tor India ;
he takes a return freight for San Fianciscu ;
when he gets back there he is under a regis-
ter ; the owners of that ship are in New Yoi k ;
he has got to go all the way around to New York
m ballast to come home, and he cannot get, his
vessel home. There is eighteen thousand
miles difference. Why can he not get it home ?
Because you will not let him put cargo in for
a coastwise traffic so as to pay the expenses
of getting the vessel home. It, is not really a
coasting trade. Here I will make the same
remark which applies to the words "three
months' coasting" below. A vessel is char-
tered in New York for Liverpool, and she is
chartered from Liverpool to New Orleans,
and when she has got to New Oileans she Las
no freight, but wants to go to New York and
get a return freight to Europe or India or any
other part of the world. If you will not allow
that vessel to take'a domestic catgo that will
pay her coastwise expenses until she caiA-each
a port where she will hud her return cargo to
someforeign port,yon may just as well abandon
the section first as last.
Mr. WEST. I rise, Mr. President, to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
what is the object of introducing these articles
that enter into the const! action of American
vessels free of duty? Is it not for the pui-
pose of cheapening the construction of Amer-
ican vessels 1 Then why should we not extend
precisely that same provision to coastwise
vessels as we do to vessels engaged in the for-
eign trade? Because unless we make such a
provision, and allow all our vessels that same
benefit, we have to pay the increased cost of
their construction of the domestic trade as
well as in the foreign trade. I think that the
whole restriction in this bill excluding vessels
in the domestic trade is not advisable. It
ought to apply to all our vessels, to every ves-
sel that we construct.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Louis-
iana forgets one thing, that vessels engaged iu
the coastwise trade have a monopoly. No
foreign vessel is allowed to engage m the
coastwise trade. Having a monopoly, they
may very well build their ships of American
material, eveu of Pennsylvania iron and Ohio
white oak.
Mr. WEST. I did not forget that. I have
known it a long time. I propose that we shall
build the ships and navigate them as cheap as
foreigners.
Mr. THURMAN. The same idea that has
struck the Senator from Louisiana struck me
at first; but on reflection I saw that there was
that difference between the two cases. This
is a provision to enable us to build ships to
compete with foreign ships. In regard to our
coastwise trade there is no such compelition,
tor we have a monopoly ; we exclude foreign
sbips from that competition.
But the amendment offered by the Senator
from Michigan to strike out these words, "in-
cluding Ihe trade between the Atlantic and
Pacific ports of the United States," does go a
good deal further than mere ship stores when
you come to consider it. At first I was inclined
to support that amendment, and yet it seems
a little strange that a vessel should leave New
York and come under the benefit of this sec-
tion if she stops at Valparaiso and should not
have the benefit of the law if she goes to Sun
Francisco. That does strike me as a little bit
strange ; but it does seem to me that the pecu-
liarities of the case are sogieat that on the
whole we had better leave these words in the,
section. "
llr. CASSERLY, I think it is always a
good thing in a statute of the United States
to tell the truth it' you say anything on a sub-
ject. The words which the Senator from
Michigan pioposes to strike out in lines six,
seven, and eight, simply state a great and
undoubted fact; that is to say, that the trade
