4070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
between the Atlantic and Pacific ports of the
United States is not a coastwise trade; it is
a foreign trade. That very question was pre-
sented to the Secretary of the Treasury as
long ago as 1862, certainly not later than
1803, and was decided by him precisely accord-
ing to the purport of this section. In other
words, he held that the trade between New
York and San Francisco by way of the Isth-
mus, the goods passing between two foreign
ports on the way, was not a coastwise trade in
any sense of the word, but was a foreign trade.
\ And now, sir, the difficulty is that if you strike
out these words in lines six, seven, and eight,
you do leave the question open whether that
trade is a foreign trade or a coastwise trade.
It will be contended, because such undoubt-
edly has been the tendency of the practice of
the Treasury of late, that the trade between
New York and other Atlantic ports and our
Pacific ports, San Francisco, San Diego, Port-
land in Oregon, or any other, is a coastwise
trade. What would be the result of that?
The result will be if the proviso stands in
lines twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, and
sixteen, that vessels built under this section
and enjoying these advantages will not be
allowed to engage in trade between New York
and San Francisco by way of the Isthmus, and
it may be very doubiful whether they can be
allowed to engage in it though they go around
the Horn under the peculiar effect of striking
out the language in lines six, seven, and
eight, because any trade which is between the
Atlantic and Pacific ports of the United States,
whether by way of the Isthmus or by way of
the Horn, must be regaided as foreign trade,
and will be so for the purposes of this act,
unless indeed the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan should prevail, and then it will
leave a very grave doubt whether that is not
a coastwise trade within the meaning of the
proviso denying to vessels built under this act
the benefit of that.
In the interest of our coast, of that inter-
communication, and of the intercourse which
should prevail between both sides of this great
continent now-united under the same flag, and
for many other reasons too obvious for me to
occupy time in stating them, 1 hope that so far
as the present quesuou is concerned the sec-
tion will remain precisely as it is.
The PRESIDING OFhTCEH. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan, to stiikc out the words which have
been read.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly evident
that there is a misapprehension about this
whole question. This traffic between the At-
lantic and Pacific ports is confined to the
American flag, and this is really giving a
bonus to ships at present holding a monopoly.
If this is not stricken out 1 shall then offer the
following at the end of the section :
I'mvided, That trado between the Atlantic and
Pacific ports shall bo open to ships of all nations.
If you are going to pay this bonus, then let
Dutch, English, and EVench ships come in
and take part of it. If this is not American
commerce, then let us open it and permit
French, Dutch, and English ships to take
part in it. I propose to have a fair thing. If
we are going to pay this great bonus, let us
give the benefit of it where it belongs. If that
passes, then I shall move to open this traffic
to the flags of all nations.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the idea sug-
gested by the Senator from Indiana will cover
the principal objection to this clause, and I
hope, therefore, it will not be stricken out.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
oays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 39; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Chandler, Clayton,
Ferry of Michigan, irclinghuysen, Harlan, Ram-
sey. beott, biTugue, and Viekers—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Borcman, Casserly, Cole, Con tiling, Cooper,
Corbett, Cragin, Kenton, Flaragan, Uoluthwaito)
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Norwood, Pomeroy, Robertson,
Sawyer, Sherman, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, West, Wilson, and
Wright—39.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow. Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert,
Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ransom, llioe, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Spencer, Sumner, and Windom—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER, I now offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the
section in order that there may be no misap-
prehension 
Mr. HAMLIN. I think we had better finish
the amendments of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on concurring in the Senate
with the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole to strike out "ship stores or."
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
done now.
Mr. MORTON. Before that vote is taken,
I suppose it is in order to amend the sentence.
I therefore move to insert 
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator desires to amend the words proposed to
be stricken out, it is in order. *
• Mr. MORTON. I propose to amend the
sentence
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will state his amendment.
Mr. MORTON. After the word "pre-
scribed" I wish to insert "provided that this
shall not apply to ships while engaged in the
coastwise trade."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is
adding to the text. It will be in order after the
amendments made in Committee ofthe Whole
have been concurred in. It is not in order
now.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to move an
amendment before the words are stricken out,
to accomplish what the Senator from Indiana
proposes; that is, after the words "ship stores"
and between those words and the word" or " to
ineert:
Provided, That the provision as to ship stores
shall not apply to such vessels when engaged in the
coastwise trado.
I will move that amendment, if it is in order,
before the motion to strike out is taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the words "ship
stores" be stricken out, and then afterward
a proviso can be added.
Mr. CORBETT. My point is here, that it
is proposed to strike out " ship stores," and
that is the very thing I want to guard against.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can move
to restore them with other words afterward.
There will be no trouble about that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It -will be
in order for the Senator to move a substitute
for the whole paragraph afterward.
Mr. CORBETT. Do I understand that it
is not in order to perfect this amendment
before the question is taken on striking out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order to perfect the words proposed to be
stricken out 5 but the manner of perfecting it
is the objection.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Michigan
obtained consent of the Senate to make his
motion intending to follow it, so that the whole
coastwise trade question might be disposed
of by a motion to strike out lines fourteen and
fifteen. That has not been done ; and so that
we may have that question disposed of, under
the same consent I move to strike out in line
fourteen the words beginning with "more,"
and running to the word "allowed," on line
sixteen; so as to read :
That vessels receiving the benefit of this section
snail not be allowed to engage in tho coastwise
trade ofthe United States except upon the payment
to tlie United States of the duties on which a rebate
is herein allowed.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no ob-
jection be made, the question may be first
taken on that amendment. The Chair heara
none, and the question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say a word in
relation to that, and I invite the attention of
my friend from Pennsylvania. I assure the
Senate and the Senator that the amendment
which he proposes is fatal to any good pur-
pose that will ever be expected to flow from
this section. You freight a vessel to a foreign
port and she returns to a distant port. There
are no voyages upon the ocean that that ves-
sel can perform and reach a distant port
and then be obliged to go in ballast to her
own home port with any profit. You must
allow just what has been the practice of the
commerce of this country in all time ; you
must allow the vessel to change her register
to a license for the purpose of taking a
domestic cargo from the port which she may
enter home to her home port ; and there is
no traffic, and there is no commerce upon the
seas by which our vessels can live if you will
not give them that privilege ; and if you do
not, you may as well abandon the section first
as last. It cannot be done.
Take the case I stated a few moments ago.
You send a vessel to India with an excellent
freight, A 1, and she has an excellent freight
from India to California, A 1; and when she
gets back, what? She wants to go to her
home port, where her owners reside, to re-
pair; and she has got to go sixteen thousand
miles in ballast. She has not made enough
in the round trip to pay for sailing that voyage
in ballast. Abandon the section if you adopt
that amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, you are
voting perhaps $10,000,000, certainly not less
than that, within the next year or two out of
the Treasury of the United States as a boon,
and you are diminishing the value of your
shipping now afloat to the exact extent of the
boon that you now pay to ship-builders. The
coastwise trade is a strict monopoly; no for-
eign flag can touch a pound of it; and there
is no more reason why you should pay a bonus
to vessels engaged in the coastwise trade than
there is why you should pay a bonus to the
manufacturer of reapers or sewing machines.
You are voting this vast <ium out of the Treas-
ury of the United States into the hands of men
who propose to use this bonus in competition
with ships now existing, and the very moment
you pass this bill you diminish the actual cash
value of the ships now built to the full amount
of the bonus that you vote to ships that are to
be built.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will my friend answer if
he is in favor of burning up or sinking half
of what we have got so as to increase the
value of what remains?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; I am in favor
of protecting them.
Mr. HAMLIN. That would be a counter-
vailing argument.
Mr. CHANDLER. But, sir, if you require
one single ship more in your coastwise and
domestic trade than you have got, it will be
built instantly. As quick as men and mate- .
rials can put it together, just so soon you will
have that ship. What we have been trying to
do was to increase our foreign commerce, and
not our domestic commerce. I have been
fighting this very thing for fourteen years and
never have failed until now.
Now, I see you are to vote a bonus of not
less than $10,000,000 out of the Treasury,
for what? Not to build up your foreign
commerce, and you do not touch it; you pay
this bonus to put these ships into your domes-
tic and coastwise trade; you let your ship sail
for three months in the year in the coastwise
trade, and that is all she wants. She takes a
cargo from here to Charleston, from Charles-
ton to New Orleans, from New Orleans to
Liverpool, and from Liverpool somewhere
else, and for three months in the year she is
engaged in the domestic coastwise trade, and
