2278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
in the last House my colleague [Mr. Dawes]
opposed all such amendments of the Senate,
except one or two which he specially liked.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Let me
inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations whether the House has not,
at an earlier stage of the session, when this
subject was under discussion, refused to adopt
this very amendment?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The House has
refused to suspend the rules by a two-thirds
vote to insert the amendment; but the major-
ity of the House has been in favor of this propo-
sition every time we have had an expression
of opinion upon it.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, to the
amendment of the Senate, there were—ayes
CO, noes 55.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Holman were
appointed. .
Mr. RANDALL. The practical position of
this question, as I understand, is this: if we
vote to sustain the Committee on Appropria-
tions we save the Government $50,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And pre-
vent the people from having the laws pub-
lished.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes; where they are
never read.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes 78.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
i3 rejected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And the
Democratic party is successful. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly; we always try
to save money. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, save
money in fa^or of ignorance.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, we arenotso stupid
as to give away money for useless services.
The question was then put on agreeing to
the amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations to the amendment of the Seifote, and
it was declared agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. So far as I could gather
the position of the question amid the noise
I understand that it was in the first place pro-
posed by the Committee on Appropriations to
amend the Senate amendment by striking out
the first clause and retaining the" proviso.
Mr. SARGENT. That is right.
Mr. MAYNARD. Upon that question I
asked a division.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order.
What is the motion before the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
agreeing to the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, that the Senate
amendment be concurred iu with an amend-
ment.
Mr. COX. Has that question been dis-
posed of?
Mr. MAYNARD. It it is upon that ques-
tion I asked for a division.
The CHAIRMAN. Did the gentleman call
for a division before the result of the vote was
announced ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I did.
Mr. COX. I submit it is too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Tennessee having declared that he called for a
division before the result was announced, the
Chair accepts his declaration.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the Chair puts the
question, I submit that the amendment pro
posed by the committee has not been sub-
mitted as a distinct proposition to the House.
It should be so submitted before the House is
asked to vote upon it as amended.
_ Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It has been dis-
tinctly submittted. We recommend that the
House concur in the Senate amendment, with
an amendment striking out the appropriation
of $50,000. That is the question on which we
are now voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations will be read by
the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the Senate amendment by striking out the
words " in newspapers, $50,000: Provided, That;" so
that the paragraph will read:
.For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, $12,000 ;
and all laws requiring the publication of the laws
and treaties in newspapers are hereby repealed.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, there were—-ayes, 65, noes 68.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Maynard
and Mr. Holman .were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 78, noes 72.
So the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was agreed to.
The question then recurred on concurring
in the Senate amendment as amended ; and it
was concurred in.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the committee rise. I think we have
done mischief enough for this afternoon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the com-
mittee to sit awhile longer.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, there were—
ayes forty, noes not counted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion that the committee rise was
not agreed to.
The Clerk read the thirty-third amendment
of the Senate, as follows :
Strike out the following:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to pay to the Register of the
Treasury, out of the money appropriated to defray
the expenses of the loans, such compensation as he
may deem just and proper for the additional labor
performed by the said Register under the laws fund-
ing the public debt, not to exceed SI 2o per hundred
bonds signed by him, under the authority of the acts
of July 14, 1870, and January 20, 1871, providing for
the refunding of the public debt; and that the same
rate shall be allowed the said Register for all bonds
hereafter signed by him: Provided, That the whole
amount of compensation thus allowed hiin, in addi-
tion to the amount of salary now allowed bylaw,
shall not exceed $1,500.
The CHAIRMAN. TheCommittee on Ap-
propriations recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the provision will
be stricken out. If we concur in the Senate
amendment it will result iu the saving of
$1,500.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 56, noes 58.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The House
put in this provision. The Committee on
Appropriations did not put it in. We did not
feel like recommending the striking out of
what the House had put in the bill.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 66, noes 55.
So the Senate amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the thirty-fourth amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
Insert as follows:
And from and after the passage of this act the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall have power to employ
not more than three persons to assist the proper
officers of the Government in discovering and col-
lecting any money belonging to the United States,
whenever the same shall be withheld by any person
or corporation, upon such terms and conditions as
he shall deem best for the interests of the United
States; but no compensation shall be paid to such
persons except out of the money and property so
secured.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee on Ap-
propriations recommend concuirence with the
following amendment:
Strike out Senate amendment, and in lieu thereof
insert as follows:
The joint resolution to enablo the Secretary of the
Treasury to collect wrecked and abandoned prop-
erty, dereliet claims, and dues belonging to the
United States, approved June 21, 1870, is hereby
repealed.
The amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations was agreed tc; and the Senate amend-
ment, as amended, was concurred in.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia, moved that the
committee rise.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 65, noes 82.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler
reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the amendments of
the Senate to a bill (H. R. No. 1060) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30,1873, and for other pur-
poses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
leave of absence.
Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous consent, was
granted a leave of absence for two weeks.
And then, on motion of Mr. GARFIELD,
of Ohio, (at four o'clock and fifteen minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Charles
B. Hitchcock, and 75 others, praying an appro-
priation of $50,000 for the harbor at Havre de
Grace.
By Mr. BANKS: Resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts, condemning thegrants
of public lands to corporations, and request-
ing the Senators and Representatives of that
State in Congress to use their influence to
prevent measures of that character.
Also, the memorial of James O. Curtis, J.
F. Foster, Silas F. Wild, P. P. Hallowell,
James Bean, G. W. Gardner, and P. R. Litch-
field, selectmen^ of Medford, Massachusetts,
Godfrey Rider, jr., and numerous other citi-
zens of that town, asking the passage of House
bill No. 1738, entitled A bill allowing totally
and partially disabled soldiers and seamen
increased pensions."
By Mr. BUFFIN CON: The petition of
Richard Borden and 296 others, citizens of
Fall River, Massachusetts, praying the passage
of House bill No. 1738, which provides for an
increase of pensions to those permanently dis-
abled by the loss of limbs or eyes in the late
war.
By Mr. BURDETT: The petition of A. Y.
Hull and 11 others, citizens of Pettis county,
Missouri, for tariff reform.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of Thomas DaJton. lather cf Henry Dul-
ton, private company E, ninth Tennessee cav-
alry.
By Mr. FORKER: The petition of E. N.
and J. L. Townsendand others, of Wheatland,
Ocean county, New Jersey, C. C. Bowman, Wil-
liam Wilson,Robert Montz, and others, ofTren-
ton, New Jersey, manufacturers and woikmen
engaged in the manufacture of earthenware,
stoneware, and clay pipes, remonstrating
against the proposed reduction of duty on
earthenware or stoneware.
By Mr. GARHLLD, of Ohio: The peti-
tion of J. S. Goff, of Bellefoutaine, Ohio, for
a pension.
By Mr. HARMER: The petition of Captain
Joseph Saulenbacker, piivate William Zane,
and 70 other soldiers, asking a bounty of $8 33J
per month for the entire time served, deducting
all Government bounty heretofore paid, and
praying that soldiers and sailors be allowed
benefit of the homestead law without settle-
ment and cultivation.
