1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
Senator has referred, to putting in the rules of the
Senate, to go in the Manual, a standing title of a
committee to which all this should be appended;
and therefore I voted to preserve the resolution of
the Senator from Rhode Island as he offered it,"&c.
The day afterward my honorable friend from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] used this language in a
debate on the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, cither in its original form
or after it had been modified :
" X take occasion also, in saying that I will vote for
this resolution, to call the attention of the country—
a phrase frequently employed here—to the fact that
there is no difficulty in getting at an investigation of
any fact demanded by any Senator under the ordin-
ary rules and usages of the Senate; and according
to the practice of the Senate, the courso that is now
boing pursued is the one that has always been pur-
sued heretofore; and never before, nor now. has
there been a suppression of any investigation that
was desired. What has been the usual course pur-
sued in this body? First, a committee is organized.
If a standing committee is organized, it is organized
by itself, and in due time, as occasion arises, it is
charged with various duties and with sufficient power
to perform them. A select committee is organized
and instructed to perform special duties during the
session. It seems, from the readiness with which
those resolutions are introduced and passed, that we
have been wasting two or three days in a rather
unnecessary debate."
Now, Mr. President, I regarded these gen-
tlemen as opening wide the door to any invest-
igation that any Senator might desire. I pro-
posed the original resolution upon my own
responsibility. No party, no man but myself,
is responsible for it. Whatever there is ex-
traordinary in its features, in its subject, what-
ever of obloquy, or scandal, or censure may
be justly imputed to it, I am ready to receive.
Sir, I want the entire political forest, with all
of its lesser beasts, and with the king of tfie
forest also, to be investigated by this commit-
tee. I want the " lion to be bearded in his
den, the Douglass in liis halland for one I
am disposed to march up and to meet that lion
in his den. Sir, the chief executive magis-
tracy has been said to be the fountain of honor.
It is now the fountain of all abuse, and of all
corruption in our country. I want it purified
by free, manly, unfettered, and unfaltering
investigation.
Why, sir, what have we seen within a few
days? We have seen the President of the
United States published as a defaulter since
the Mexican war to the amount of four or five
thousand dollars, for upward of twenty years.
I present it in my resolution. The newspapers
opened upon him. We have some response
to the responsibility that was thereby attempted
to be asserted. It has been published m the
newspapers that after twenty or twenty-live
years of default the President has been scourged
by the denunciations of the papers, or by some
other cause, to come forward and to pay up
his defalcation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to my friend
from Kentucky whether he is not making his
speecha little before the Senate have consented
that he should do so ? No doubt he will have
an opportunity after awhile, but it is out of
order now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I will not pro-
ceed in that line of remark.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from
Kentucky is aware that it is not within
the rules to discuss the merits of a question
on a motion to take it up.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I will simply
make this single remark: I came to the House
of Representatives in the year 1839. A short
time before I took my seat in the other branch
of Congress there was a man by the name of
Tobias Watkins who was a defaulter, and how
was hetreatedasadefaulter? He was indicted
and sent to the penitentiary, and I think that
is the good, ol.i-fushioned and safe way of !
managing such thir.gs. j
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall vote to allow the j
Senator from Kentucky to proceed and discuss ;
the resolution ho has introduced ; I shall vote j
to postpone any other question to enable him !
to do so; but he must be aware that when he i
has spoken upon a resolution arraigning in the
strongest terms the President of the United
States, the chief executive officer of a great
nation, the head of our Government., a discus-
sion of that kind cannot end with his speech.
A subject of this kind, naturally exciting so
much interest and so much excitement, will
lead to considerable debate. I shall vote,
therefore, to postpone the amnesty bill, with
the distinct understanding that this subject, to
be brought before the Senate by the Senator
from Kentucky, does thrust aside all pending
business in the body, even when it extends to
amnesty for thousands and tens of thousands
of citizens of the United States. When apart
of the legislative body seeks to arraign another
great department of the Government in away
so strong, so marked, so distinct as is now pre-
sented to us, it necessarily suspends the ordin-
ary topics of debate and compels us to pause,
to put aside the business of the people of the
United States until that matter can be disposed
of. That is the inevitable effect.
While I am up I desire to say another thing.
While I am in favor of amnesty, and in favor
of this bill granting amnesty, yet until the
friends of the bill have made up their minds
to stand by it and sit it out without such pro-
longed, and, it seems to me, unnecessary dis-
cussion as we have had in the past, they
might as well regard the case as hopeless. I
myself will not vote to take up the amnesty
bill again until the friends of the bill are
ready to sit it out and end it, because every
member has made up his mind as to how he
will vote.
I do not agree with the Senator from
New York, who says he is willing to take up
the amnesty bill as soon as this political topic
is disposed of. I will not vote to take up
again until the friends of that bill say they
are willing to bring it to a final end, because
it stands in the way of all the business of the
country. The amnesty question has been so
often debated that it is no longer as fresh as
it was five or six years ago. Now, until there
is a probability of a prompt conclusion on that
bill I will not vote to take it up ; but whenever
it does come up, and whenever a vote is had
on it, I shall be found recorded in its favor.
I hope, then, that as the Senator from Ken-
tucky has appealed to our courtesy, and asked
us to allow him to make a speech on his
resolution, we will take it up in form, and
then undoubtedly his remarks will lead to a
long discussion. It cannot be avoided. It
might as well be met promptly in the outset.
Mr. THUH.MAN, Mr. President, 1 rise to
make an appeal to ray friend from Kentucky
to withdraw his motion. I concur with my
colleague's remarks so far that I believe witii
hiin that whenever the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky shall be taken up a gen-
eral debate upon it is inevitable. I have no
doubt whatever of that. I have no doubt that
that resolution is of such a character that the
Senate will not consent to debate it by install-
ments, an installment one day, and another
installment the next week, and so on and so
on, but that it will give rise to a general dis-
cussion. It is an extremely important resolu-
tion. It revives in my memory an old ques-
tion : the question whether the Senate should
originate an investigation into the conduct of
the President which might result in a verdict
that would subject him to impeachment. We
all recollect the protest sent in by President
Jackson against the passage of the resolution
in regard to the removal of the deposits; and
although I never have been able to satisfy my
mind that theSenatemight not make an investi-
gation which even had the effect to implicate
the President where such investigation was
necessary for purposes of legislation, yet the
line between that and an examination of charges
that could have no other result than impeach-
ment is one that requires some skill to draw,
and upon which every one ought to have time
to reflect.
But what I wish to say now is that it is per-
fectly manifest that if this resolution shall be
taken up the debate on it will proceed—per-
haps, from the tone of the remarks already
made, a very heated debate. It will postpone
other legislation, postpone the amnesty bill.
1 hope that my friead from Kentucky, there-
fore, especially in view of the declarations of
Senators that they are willing to take up his
resolution at some proper time, that they will
not put it off, that they will not prevent its be-
ing taken up by any legislative skill or artifice
whatever—in view of the certainty that he can
get up the resolution, and that at a short day,
I hope he will withdraw his motion for the
present.
Mr. DAVIS, of Keutucky. Mr. President,
I was not so stupid as not to suppose that the
resolution would give rise to a most lengthy
and heated debate. I expect nothing else. I
desire nothing else. 1 want the fullest, freest
debate that the Constitution guaranties to the
members of the Senate. I am indisposed that
this resolution shall in any way antagonize the
bill thatmy honorable friend from South Car-
olina [Mr. Robertson] has under his charge,
in regard to which I feel so deeply, or any
other important measure. As was suggested
by the honorable Senator from New York, I
want a time of comparative leisure, when
there is no important measure pressing on the
attention of the Senate, and I want to avail
myself of that time of leisure for the purpose
of having the fullest, freest., and, if you please,
the most excited debate upon this proposition
that can possibly take place. I therefore with-
draw iny motion for the present, but give gen-
tlemen to understand that at some convenient
time before long I shall call it up, with the
hope that its consideration then will meet
with no opposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does_ the
Senator from Kentucky withdraw his motion ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Yes, sir.
MESSAGE FItOM Tills ItOCSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekSon', its Clerk,announced
that the House had passed the bill (H. R. No.
1183) to relieve certain citizens of Georgia
from political disabilities; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
political disabilities.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (II. R. No. S80) for the removal of
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
third section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Sumxeb, as modified by him on the
18th instant, being to add the following as
additional sections to the bill;
Sbo. —. That no citizen of theUnited States shall,
by reason of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude, be excepted or excluded Irom the full and
equal enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished by innkeepers; by
eommou carriers, whether on land ov water; by
licensed owners, managers, or lessees of theaters or
other places of public amusement; by trustees, com-
missioners, superintendents, teachers, and other
officers of common schools and other public insti-
tutions of learning, the same being supported by
moneys derived from general taxation or authorized
by law; by trustees and officers of ctiureli organiza-
tions, cemetery associations, and benevolent institu-
tions incorporated by national _ or State_ authority.
But churches, schools, cemeteries, and institutions
of learning established exclusively for white or col-
ored persons, and maintained respeetivety by the
contributions of such persons, shall remain accord-
ing to the terms of the original establishment.
BhC.—. That any person violating any of the pro-
visions of the foregoing sect-ion, or aiding in their
violation, or inciting thereto, shall, for every such
offense, forfeit and pay the sum of >y)0 to the person
aggrieved thereby, to be recovered m an action on
the case, with full costs and such allowance for coun-
sel fees as the court shall deem just, and shall also,
for every such oilense, be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined
not less than 650') nor more than §1,000, and shall be
imprisoned nor. le.-,s than tnirty days nor more than
one year; Provided, That the party aggrieved shall
not recover more than one penalty; and when the
offense is a refusal of burial, the penalty may be
recovered by the heirs-at-law of the person to whose
body burial has been refused.
