1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2279
By Mr. HILL: The petition of William
Cuthbert and 98 others, of Paterson, New
Jersey, asking fur the passage of House bill No.
1738, allowing increase of pensiou to perma-
nently disabled soldiers.
Also, the petition of VV. S. Hudson, jr., and
120 others, of Paterson, New Jersey, asking
for the passage of House bill No. 1738, allowing
increase of pension to permanently disabled
soldiers.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of 17 Phila-
delphia manufacturers of earthenware, stone-
ware, and clay drain and sewer-pipes, remon-
strating against reduction of duty on earthen-
ware and stoneware, and asking certain duties
to he placed on all foreign earthenware, stone-
ware, &c.
By.. Mr. KEKR: The memorial of Miss
Elizabeth Henson, of Clark county, Indiana,
for compensation of $280, for services for
fourteen months as a teacher of colored chil-
dren in Richmond, Kentucky, under employ-
ment of the Freedinen's Bureau, together with
several official papers connected with the evi-
dence of said service, and a letter from D. M.
Hood, esq., her attorney.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Sarah C.
Moran, for widow's pension.
Also, the petition of Emanuel Klauser, late
a private of company K, fifty-fourth Illinois
volunteer infantry, asking to be relieved from
disabilities imposed by the decision of a court-
martial.
By Mr. PALMER: The petitions of citizens
of Wayne and Polk counties, Iowa, in favor
of an increase of pensions to Union soldiers
who were permanently disabled by the loss of
limbs or eyes in the iate war.
By Mr. PARKER, of Missouri: Thememo-
rial of Benjamin W. Gilbert, administrator of
the estate of Abel Gilbert, deceased, in rela-
tion to a claim against the Government of the
United States for damages on a contract with
the Government.
Also, the petition of Frederick Postboff, in
relation to stores taken by Colonel Mulligan
at Lexington. Missouri.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of General
John Hammond and 22 others, citizens of the
town ot Crown Point, New York, for the pas-
sage of House bill No. 1738.
By Mr. STOUGHTON : The memorial of
Mrs. William H. Polk, asking payment for
certain damage done and materials used by
the United States troops during the late war.
Also, the petition ot Major Samuel Martin
and 109 others, late soldiers in the Union
Army, and citizens of Kentucky, asking the
passage of a law equalizing the bounties of
soldiers by money or a land grant without the
requirement of actual settlement, in person.
By Mr. SWANN : The petition of Joseph
Owens, late captain fifth United States infantry,
praying an additional pension.
By Mr. STRONG: The memorial of the
Land Reform Club of Jersey City, and of John
R. McPherson and 201 others, praying the
enactment of a law to prevent the further
absorption of the public lands of the United
States by railroads or other corporations,
and to have the residue of said public domain
forever set apart for the exclusive use of actual
settlers in limited quantities.
By Mr. WALDEN: The petition of A. F.
Page and 135 others, citizens of Poweshiek
county, Iowa, praying that a law be enacted to
prevent unjust discriminations on the part of
railroads.
Also, a memorial and joint resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in relation to the Niagara
ship-canal.
By Mr. WALDRON : The petition of N. G.
Terrill and 60 others, citizens of Salem and
Plymouth, in the State of Michigan, asking the
passage of House bill No. 1738, for increasing
pensions c4' disabled soldiers.
By Mr. WHirrHORNE: The petition of
Jo. J. Green, of Williamson county, Tennes-
see, for removal of disabilities.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petition of Car-
los Carpenter, and others, of Barre, Vermont,
praying the passage of House bill No. 1738.
post itoute bills introduced.
The following were introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads :
- By Mr. CROSSLAND: Abill declaring the
road from Mayfield, Kentucky, via Cuba and
Dukedom to Dresdon, Tennessee, a post route.
By Mr. MANSON : A bill to establish a post
route from Lafayette, Indiana, via Oxford, to
Bloomington, Illinois.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 9, 1872.
Prayer by'the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, I). D.
• The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the 3d of
April the Chair presented a bill from the
House of Representatives for reference, being
the bill (H. R. No. 2187) to confirm the action
of the board of aldermen and common coun-
cil of the city of Washington, designating a
depot site for the Baltimore and Potomac
llailroad Company, and for other purposes.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Pat-
terson] moved to refer it to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and the Sena-
tor from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] moved to
amend that reference by inserting the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
when, by unanimous consent, it was passed
over, and the Chair was directed on this day,
at the close of the reading of the Journal, to
preseut. it to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the ques-
tion of the reference of that bill will give rise
to some discussion, perhaps the morning busi-
ness had better be gone through with first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
presented in accordance with the direction of
the Senate, and the Senator from Vermont
asks a postponement until the close of the
morning business.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we had better go
on with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now before
the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Can it be proceeded with
in advance of the morning business?
The VICE PRES1DEN f. Certainly. The
Chair submitted it oil the 3d of April, and two
motions were made in regard to it. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire moved to refer it
to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and the Senator from Vermont moved to amend
that motion by inserting the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and the Chair
was then directed to reserve the bill until to-
day,at the close of the reading of the Journal,
and then present it. Of course it can be post-
poned or it can be laid on the table, both of
which motions have priority of the motion to
refer; but the motion to refer is now before
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is quite
immaterial to me what course shall be pur-
sued, but I know the discussion of the question
of reference merely will take some time, and
therefore I merely suggest as a matter of con
venience to the Senate that it might be better
to pass it over until the morning business is
concluded. I suppose the discussion will take
at least twenty or thirty minutes now.
The V ICE PRES1DENI. Does the Senator
move to postpone it until the conclusion of the
morning business?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will do so
if there be no objection; if there is objection,
I will not.
Mr. CAMERON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania objects. The only motion,
then, under the eleventh rule, is to postpone,
which is until to-morrow, in parliamentary
language. The question of reference is now
up under the twenty-fourth rule.
Mr. POMEKOY. Does that involve the
merits of this whole question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT, It does. If it
gives rise to debate to the interruption of the
morning business, a motion can be made to
lay the.motion to refer on the table, to be called
up at some time when it will not interrupt the
morning business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
desire to appropriate or to carry any business
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds that does not legitimately belong
to them ; and I will say in the outset that I
have as much confidence in the opinion of the
chairman of the Committee on the District
ot Columbia as I have in my own in relation
t,o this question. I have not canvassed the
opinions of that committee, nor have I that of
my own committee, the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds ; so that, so far as
that question is concerned, I merely desire
the Senate to hear a statement of facts, and
then vote to refer the bill to the committee
to which in their judgment it legitimately be-
longs. If it does not belong to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, the Lord
knows 1 do not want to have anything to do
with the question ; but if it is part aud parcel
of the duties of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds to look after every-
thing that belongs to or interferes with the
public buildings or grounds, then I think I
shall be able clearly to demonstrate that this
is a matter that belongs solely and exclusively
to that committee.
In the first place, it is true that this new
government of the District of Columbia have
passed a legislative act by which they give, or
pretend to give, to this road a portion of what
is usually denominated the public park. They
have authorized this corporation to come in
with a double track on Sixth street twenty-four
feet wide, and they have given them in addi-
tion outright, without any consideration what-
ever, one hundred and twenty thousand feet
of the public park, to which they have no more
title than had the devil when he offered all the
kingdoms of the world to the Saviour of the
world. [Laughter.] They have no more title
to this strip ot' the public park than they have
to any other one hundred aud twenty thousand
feet of the public grounds. They might as
well attempt to cede a portion of Mr. Cor-
coran's farm out here, or of the farm of our
old and distinguished citizen, Frank P. Blair.
But, sir, this was a very cheap way for the city
to manifest its generosity.
Now, Mr. President, allow me to show you
precisely where the title of this land lies, and
1 will give you the page of the laws of the Dis-
trict ot Columbia from which I quote, so that
Senators, if they desire to do so, can follow
me and see whether I am right or wrong. On
page 88 of the Laws of the District of Colum-
bia will be found " An act vesting in the cor-
poration of the city of Washington all the
rights of the Washington Canal Company, and
for other purposes." In that act it will be
seen that the Government gave up almost the
entire park to the city of Washington as far
as Fifteenth street or further, but that grant
was coupled with this condition: that they
were to build this canal with a depth of four
feet below low-water mark, and a width vary-
ing from eighty to one hundred and twenty
leet, with three'large basins, aud complete it
by the 1st day of March of the next year, or in
default of doing that, the law says ''all the
rights and privileges thereby granted shall
cease and determine." It is notorious that
they did not fulfill the condition of that grant,
and if there were no other law in relation to
this matter whatever, by the iery terms of ths
