1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3175
elections. If they go to one they will omit
the other.
I will state another reason that will com-
mend itself to the judgment of the Senator
from Massachusetts. By the law of Congress
we have now certain provisions to protect the
voters at congressional elections, securing in-
spectors to prevent frauds, and making certain
provisions to favor a fair election. Those pro-
visions will operate on Monday, but they will
not operate on the next day, the day of the
presidental election; so that the force and
violence which have prevailed in the South,
and which it was intended by two laws that
we have passed to prevent, can operate on
Tuesday, the day of the presidential election.
If, however, the presidential election shall
come on Monday, the same day with the eon
gressional election, then the protection thrown
around congressional elections by the act of
Congress will also go to the benefit of the
presidential election. I see no objection to
it. 1 think the bill ought to pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the reason last
given by the Senator from Indiana should be
conclusive against the passage of the bill. He
admits that the object of changing this da}', or
one great object, is so that Congress can con-
trol the election for electors of President and
Vice President, of the United States indirectly.
We know that directly Congress has no busi-
ness to interfere in any shape or form with the
election of electors of President and Vice
President, none whatever. The only thing it
can do is to fix a time when the election shall
take place ; but the Senator from Indiana says
we have got a law by which Congress under-
takes to supervise other elections, and now we
want to put the presidential election on the
same day, so that we can supervise the election
of electors of President and Vice President,
which is a direct violation of the spirit of the
Constitution of the United States.
What you cannot do directly in a matter of
this kind, you cannot do indirectly; but now
the Senator from Indiana avows that the ob-
ject of changing this time is that he may bring
to bear on the election of electors the action
of Congress through its legislation. The Con-
stitution of the United States has said in to
many words that electors of President and
Vice President shall be chosen in each State
in such manner as the Legislature thereof shall
provide ; and Congress has no business to in-
terfere in any shape or form with that elec-
tion ; and if the object of this bill be, as the
Senator from Indiana now avows, to control
the State of Louisiana in the election of its
electors, then it is certainly a violation of the
spirit of the Constitution.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, did I admit
that it was the object to allow Congress to
control the election? i admitted no such
thing, but what I said was that if the elections
were held on the same day and the votes
should go into the same box, the presidential
election would indirectly have the benefit of
the security for fair elections that has been
thrown around congressional elections. Now,
what does the Senator want? Does he want
the scenes of 1868 to be renewed in Louisiana ?
Does he want the presidential election to be
held under such circumstances that it can be
controlled by the Ivu Klux, as it was in 1868,
when perhaps one half of the Union voters
were driven from the polls throughout the
State of Louisiana; when in some towns there
were scarcely no votes cast except upon one
side? If the Senator wants those scenes to
be renewed : if he wants this election to be
held there without the protection of the law,
so that what was done can be done again, then
he ought 10 oppose this bill. Sir, the boot is
on the other foot. It is not that Congress
may control the election, but it is that there
may be a fair election, that there may be in-
spectors appointed in the city of New Orleans,
one man on each side, who shall be present
and see the votes cast, and see them counted,
and never to leave the ballot-boxes until they
are counted. If the Senator is in favor of an
honest election, then there is nothing in his
objection ; but if he prefers that the scenes of
1868 shall again be renewed in the State of
Louisiana, he ought to oppose this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator has_ not escaped, by his statement, from
the position which his first declaration placed
him in. He says the object is not for Congress
to control the election, and then admits that
the object is to place this election under the
protection of a law of Congress that we have
passed. What business has the Senator from
Indiana or the Congress of the United States
to place the election of electors of President
and Vice President of the United States under
the protection of an act of Congress? The
Constitution reads:
" Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and Repre-
sentatives to which the State may be entitled in the
Congress."
That is what the Constitution says, and yet
the Senator proposes to place the election
of electors under the protection of an act
of Congress ! Where does he get the author-
ity to place the election of electors of Pres-
ident and Vice President under the protection
of an act of Congress? I understand, Mr.
President, what this protection may mean—
the protection that is to be afforded by the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus, and a
military power stationed in the States to super-
vise elections.
The Senator asks me if I am not for an
honest election. Certainly I am for an honest
election ; and because I am for an honest elec-
tion by a free people, I am opposed to con-
gressional supervision where there is no right
to supervise. I want an honest election; bu-
I shall have very little hope of an honest elec-
tion with a military force stationed at every
precinct under an act of Congress to super-
vise when the presidential election comes off.
I want the people to be free to vote for whom
they please, and not that sort of freedom which
Louis Napoleon gave to the subjects of France
when they voted for him as emperor.
Now, sir, it having been avowed by the
Senator from Indiana that the very object
and purpose of this change, of holding an
election for President on one day in one State
and in another State on another day, is to place
this election of electors with which Congress
has no right to interfere under the protection
of an act of Congress, he admits that he is in
favor of doing that which the Constitution of
the United States gives him no right to do.
The only thing that the Constitution of the
United States authorizes Congress to do is to
fix the time. I agree that we may fix the time,
though I think it somewhat questionable (I
will not express a decided opinion about that)
whether when the Constitution says that Con-
gress may determine "the time" of chousing
electors, we can determine times, and fix one
day in one State and another in another, I
am not clear about that; I think it would be
a question of very considerable doubt. But
when the avowed object of fixing different
times, if Congress has the authority to fix dif-
ferent days, is to place the election under the
sujjervision of Congress, then T say it is an
attempt to control a free people by a power
that has no right to intervene.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says he i3 in
favor of an honest election ; but he is opposed
to the use of the means by which it can be
obtained.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say that.
Mr. MORTON. That is quite as consistent
as the man who was in favor of the Maine liquor
law, but was opposed to its execution. The
Senator has not forgotten what transpired in
the city of New Orleans, in 18C8, at the last
presidential election. He has not forgotten
the murders, reported at three thousand, that
occurred in the State of Louisiana before that
election took place, and only a few weeks be-
fore. And now he is opposed to this change,
because what? Because under a law of Con-
gress the judge of the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States could appoint one man on each side,
a Democrat or a Liberal Republican, if you
please on one side, and a Republican, on the
other, to be present and see that there is a
fair election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that all they can do 1
Mr. MORTON. That is all that would, be
allowed, and the Senator says 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator know
that beyond that, under your election law,
there may be appointed, as there were in the
city of New York, escaped convicts from the
penitentiary ad libitum ?
Mr. MORTON. I have heard that said, but
I never heard it proved, and I do not believe
it. It is one of those innumerable calumnies
that have been told.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the law
authorize the appointment of deputies ad
libitum ?
Mr. MORTON. The law authorizes the
marshal of the United States to preserve order,
and that is all it does do.
But now, Mr. President, one word further.
The Senator says we want this election held on
the day before, so that the President may sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus. Does not the
Senator know that the Ku Klux law is one that
operates on every day as well as election days ?
The question of the power of the President to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus where rebel-
lion may exist is one that has nothing to do
with the election, and does not refer to the
election law at all. The Senator's ideas are
somewhat confused upon this subject. He has
got another law in his mind that has no refer-
ence whatever to elections.
I made the statement, first, that it was desir-
able that the people should not be kept away
from their business for elections for two days,
instead of one day, that the State of Louisiana
might be saved the expense of fifty thousand
or one hundred thousand dollars for a second
election ; and second, that it might have the
benefit of protection from those acts of murder
and violence that dishonored our nation in the
eyes of the whole world only four years ago.
The Senator is in favor of fair elections, but
opposed to the means by which they may be
obtained. If he wants a renewal of the scenes
that took place in 1868, he should oppose this
bill. If iie wants murders and violence to
prevail throughout the whole South, he should
have been opposed, as I believe he was, to the
enactment of the Ku Klux law only a year
ago.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Indiana has sought to refresh the
memory of the Senate and of the Senator
from Illinois by what occurred in New Orleaus
in 1868. Would it not be also well to remind
them of what occurred in 1871, when the Fed-
eral authorities, the military authorities of
the United States, deliberately interfered
with the councils of one party in the State of
Louisiana by force of arms? Let me further
remind the Senator from Indiana that when
the proposition was made in the committee on
investigation, as appears by their journal, to
have those affairs in the city of New Orleans
investigated, that .there might be a committee
or even a sub-committee appointed to go to
Louisiana, they voted it down. When it was
proposed to have these affairs in New Orleans
investigated, and to know by what right the
armies of the United States were paraded
therefor the purpose of terrorism, of intimid-
ation of the free action of men within even
the ranks of the Republican party itself, the
records will show that the committee by a
party vote refused to have that investigation
made. It will not do for the Senator here to
raise his cry of Ku Klux in regard to Louis-
iana. His party and his party friends upon
that committee, by a strict party vote, voted
