488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22s
Sec. —. That the same jurisdiction and powers are
hereby conlerred and the sameduties enjoined upon
Ihe courts and officers of the United States in the
execution of this act as are conferred and enjoined
upon such courts and officers in sections three, four,
five, seven, and tenof anactentitled "Anacttopro-
tect nil persons in the United States in their civil
rights, and to furnish the means oftheir vindication,"
passed April 9,1866. and these sections are hereby
made a'part of this act; and any of the aforesaid
officers failing: to institute and prosecute such pro-
ceedings herein required, shall, for every such of-
fense, forfeit  nd pay the sum of $300 to tbo per-
son aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by an action
on the case, with full costs and such allowance for
counsel fees as the court shall deem iust, and shall,
on conviction thereof, bo deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, nnd be lined not less than $1,000 nor more
than $5,000.
Sec.—. That no person shall be disqualified for
service as juror in any court, national or State, by
reason ofruco, oo)or, or previous condition of servi-
tude: Provided, Thatsuch person possesses all other
qualifications which are or may be by law prescribed;
and any officer or other persons charged with any
duty in the selection or summoning of jurors, who
shall exclude or fail to summon any person for the
reason above named, shall, on conviction thereof,
bo deemed guilty of a misdemennor, and be fined not
less than SI,000 nor more than $5,000.
Sec.—. That every law, statute, ordinance, regu-
lation, or custom inconsistent with this act, or
making any discriminations against any person on
accaunt of color, by the use of the word "white,'Ms
hereby repealed and annulled.
Skc. —. That it shall be the duty of the judges of
the several courts upon which jurisdiction is hereby
oonferred to give this act in cbargeto thegrand jury
of their respective courts at the commencement of
each term thereof.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not well to-day and
Lave just concluded a speech in another part
of the Capitol. I ask to be excused from going
on to-day, and let the bill proceed. If I am
able to say anything before it gets through, I
shall say it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to suggest an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, for the purpose of perfect-
ing his proposition and getting it as near right
as possible. I desire to call the Senator's
attention to this clause, beginning in the elev-
enth line of the first section: ''By trustees
and officers of church organizations." I sug-
gest that that portion be stricken out.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Massachusetts presents to the Senate,
as an amendment to th<5 pending bill for the
relief of political disabilities, his measure for
securing more thoroughly their constitutional
rights to the colored citizens of the United
States. .He urges, with that ability and zeal
which so eminently characterize him, its pas-
sage at one and the same time with this pro-
vision for amnesty. He has spent nearly two
legislative days in impressing his views upon
the Senate, and endeavoring to demonstrate
the imminent necessity of coupling these two
bills together. He will not be satisfied to
have the Senate pass his bill by itself. It
must go hand in hand with amnesty. What
he calls a measure of justice to the black
 an _mu8t accompany this measure of recon-
ciliation to the white man. Pari passu, and
only so, must they find their way to the slat-
«te-bo°k. The Senator insists that neither
Bhall stand on its own meiits, but that to-
gether they shall stand or fall. For the sake
° n'n which I mean no disrespect in
calling fanciful, he would jeopardize, or most
certainly delay, not only tlie measure of am-
nesty, but equally put in peril his great meas-
ure of protection to the colored men of the
country. He would forego the great grati-
fication he would feel at the passage of the
supplementary civil rights bill by a majority
■vote, and subject it to the hazard of depend-
ence upon a vote of two thiids of each House
of Congress. And all this because he would
see two things united which he thinks the
complements of each other, but which are
much more speedily and much more naturally
secured separately.
The Senator from Massachusetts may see
wisdom in this kind of parliamentary tactics;
but to men less awake to those bidden rela-
tions which may exist between things super-
ficially dissimilar, to those who see only the
obvious bearings of the case, it may be for-
given if, be.ing friendly to his bill, they decline
to subject it to the risk of attachment to a
measure which can only pass by a two-thirds
vote. It may perhaps also be forgiven if the
friends of his bill suggest that prudence re-
quires that so important a measure as this
supplementary civil rights bill should pass the
ordeal of a reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and be reported by them to the
Senate. When we pass a measure of that
character we wish that it should be so framed
as to be effective for its avowed purposes, and
at the same time consistent with the provisions
of the Constitution.
We wish this supplementary civil rights bill
to be a complete supplement, leaving nothing
to be done hereafter. We have seen that the
efforts heretofore made in this behalf have
not fully served their purpose j that they have
needed patching and repaiiitig and supple-
menting. Let us be sure that no addenda will
be required when we shall have again under-
taken the task to which the Senate sets us;
or, at least, let us see to it that no haste and
inconsiderate action shall be charged on us.
Otherwise, year or two hence the Senator
may be reading us again the contents of his
letter-book, and a new batch of excerpts from
the newspapers of the country, in demonstra-
tion of the need of a supplement to the sup-
plementary civil rights bill.
I do not know that a line should be erased,
an i dotted or a t crossed in the Senator's bill.
It may be the best bill possible for the pur-
poses it aims to accomplish. I pass no judg-
ment on it in this or any other regard. I
have great confidence in the judgment and
wisdom of the Senator from Massachusetts;
but I think I say nothing in any way disre-
spectful to him when I assert that we should
all feel more confidence in voting for the bill
if it had been passed upon by our Committee
on the Judiciary, Even a Senator so careful
and conscientious as the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts with regard to infractions
of constitutional provisions in legislation by
Congress may, in a matter so delicate as this,
leave some room for criticism by those who
are in a sense our guides on such questions.
I yield no point to the Senator in zeal in
behalf of the equal rights of all citizens before
the law. I shall not permit any Senator to
question my devotion to those great principles
of liberty and equality which, underlie our
Government, and which, having passed through
the ordeal of rebellion and revolution, have by
their heat been branded into the Constitution.
In a humbler way, with a weaker voice and a
less potent pen, but as truly as the Senator
from Massachusetts, have 1 in my words and
by my votes stood up in this body for the
strictest measures of justice to our colored fel-
low-citizens, and perhaps the record will show
that on some of the great questions affecting
those rights which have been discussed and
decided in this Chamber my vote was given
when the Senator's was withheld.
This is said with no wish to detract from
the Senator's well-won fame as the life-long
defender of the doctrine of equal rights; it is
said merely t,o remind the Senator that though
others may have been less conspicuous than
he in the work which it iias fallen upon us to
do heie, others may have been equally faithful
in their way.
And I cannot permit the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, or any other Senator, to pi.ice me
in a false position in this matter. I shall not
allow hiin to class me, even by implication,
among those who oppose, or among those who
coldly support, a measure for most completely
securing to every class of our citizens their full
rights. The comments of anonymous contrib-
utors to newspapers are quite indifferent to me ;
but I shall protest, as I have a right to do,
against the indorsement by thehonorable Sen-
ator of any charge of want of zeal on my part
in the work he has so much at heart.
But, with all due respect for the opinions
and counsel of the Senatorfrom Massachusetts,
I must nevertheless be permitted to choose
my own modes of action. I must decide for
myself when and how I must act, not only on
the supplementary civil rights bill, but 011 the
pending and every other measure. The light
which guides my steps is doubtless a very poor
sort of medium in comparison with that purer
light through which truth finds its way to the
intellect of my honorable friend ; but it is the
only light I have, and to it I must trust. I
must crave the indulgence of the Senator from
Massachusetts, theretore, if I fail to see as
clearly as he does that my course on this bill
is "unreasonable," as he chooses to charac-
terize it.
Senators must act hereon their own respon-
sibility ; their burdens cannot be shifted oti to
other shoulders, however unworthily their own
may bear them. Each must be the judge of
the "reasonableness" or " unreasonableness"
of his votes and his words. Our object is a
common one, that of shaping the legitlalion of
Congress in such tashion as shall most effect-
ually secure the proper ends of government.
Qui- modes and times of action, our methods
of arriving at the detired results, our paths
toward the common goal, will frequently vary,
and^ yet none has the right to question the
motives of any oilier. It is far pleasanier for
me to follow in the Senator's path than to
separate from it and attempt to trace one out
for myself. Yet earnest as are the Senator's
convictions, mine are not less so. As much
respect as we all cheeifully render to my hon-
orable friend for his zeal and earnestness in
the work he assumes, just so much is he bound
to accord to the humblest of his fellows here.
I earnestly desire the passage of an amnesly
bill. 1 have desired it for three years. I have
let no opportunity pass to aid in biinging about
this consummation. It can pass only by a two-
thirds vote of each House of Congress. That
obtained, it is an accomplished fact; it needs
no approval by the President, though he has
in advance given that approval. To secure
this object I wish to have the bill presented in
its simplest form. I wish to avoid all entan-
gling alliances. Let us vote on the question
pure and simple. Nobody doubts our power to
pass it if we have votes enough. No question
of constitutional obstacles arises on this bill.
The very article in which the disabilities are
imposed provides a mode of relief. The v?ay
is clear, plain, unobstructed. I am thoroughly
opposed to attaching to it the bill of the Sena-
tor, or any other bill which will draw toward it
attacks which may be fatal to it ; which will
repel votes which would otherwise be given
for it. The Senator may think that inasmuch
as his bill is a good one, one which every friend
of justice and humanity should approve, it will
give strength to the amnesty proposition. Such
is not my opinion ; such is not the opinion of
wiser Senators than I am—nay, not of those
whose opinions the Senator himself is wont to
respect. Desiring to see the amnesty bill pass,
who says my conduct is "unreasonable?"
Again, sir; I desire the passage of a bill to
secure effectually the rights of alt citizens,
those_ lights^ guarantied to them by the Con-
stitution. Ihe attempts made even now in
vaiious parts of the country to ignore the
provisions the establishment of which has cost
so much, and the maintenance of which is so
dear to the heart of every true republican,
are evidence that the Government should
stretch ont its arm in protection and defense
over that class of citizens whose rights are
