4072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
between Galveston and Aspinwall, except that
there is a letter a in each of them. Galveston
is an American port; Aspinwall is a foreign
port. Fluellen, in his comparison, said, "There
is a river in Macedon; and there is also,
moreover, a river at Monmouth and really
that is all the resemblance there is between
these ports. Bach of them is on the sea;
each of them has an I, each of them has an
n, and each of them has an a.
I trmt my friend from Ohio, who I know has
always the best intentions, will not press his
amendment. We have not had the advantage
of having had him hear the discussion over
the motion of the Senator from Michigan to
strike out those words, in which the subject,
was spoken of at large. The result of the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio would
be to defeat the whole object of that part of
the section.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know how you
get to the Pacific coast except around Cape
Horn ; and Aspinwall being a foreign port,
and Panama being a foreign port on the other
side, unless this amendment would be con-
construed as excluding those ports, I do not
see how the amendment would affect the case
one way or the other except by simple con-
struction. Therefore, 1 hope the Senator will
not insist on this amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. If the amendment is so
perfectly harmless, not to say ridiculous, as
my friend from California supposes 
Mr. CASSERLY. No, 1 did not say the
amendment was ridiculous. I only criticised
the illustration of the Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, Mr. President 
Mr. MORTON". Allow me to suggest that
the Senator would include a vessel going from
New York around to San Francisco, which
might be called coastwise trade, and exclude
a ship that goes from New York to Aspinwall,
a foreign port, and stops there. I think the
statement is contradictory.
Mr. THURMAN. That is precisely what
has been said already, that Aspinwall is a
foreign port. So it is a foreign port, and
therefore a vessel trading between New York
and Aspinwall is engaged in foreign commerce,
and there is no necessity for this amendment
to apply to such a vessel as that. But that is
not all, by any means. If this shall become a
law you may have vessels trading to Galves-
ton, and those vessels being engaged in a trade
between the Atlantic and the Pacific coast may
come under this provision, whereas other ves-
sels trading between New York and Galves-
ton, and not destined for any such trade as
that, may not come under the provision, and
may be subject to the laws as they now stand.
However, if the amendment is unacceptable
to the gentlemen of the Pacific coast, I will
cot insist upon it, especially after they have
got the laugh on me; and so I withdraw it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to ask the indul-
gence of the Senate for hardly more than a
moment. I listened with very great pleasure
to the suggestions made by the Senator from
Ohio at ttie commencement of this debate.
He alluded to the magnitude of this subject.
It is a vast one. It is one which under other
circumstances I would be very glad indeed to
ask the Senator to hear me upon. Indeed, I
should have done so if we were not thus lim-
ited in our time. But the intimation which
the Senator gave me at that time has finally
drawn me to this conclusion: this section in
my judgment is in the right direction to ac-
complish what every American must desire to
see again, our commerce supreme upon the
ocean. It is not what I would like; and I be-
lieve that if I had the time I could satisfy the
Senate that there are other provisions quite
as wipe, if not more wise, that are omitted.
But this has met the approbation of the House
of Representatives, it has passed the inspec-
tion of our Committee on Finance who have
brought the bill back to us with their amend-
ments.
Now, as a matter of compromise and as a
step in the right direction, inasmuch as there
seems to be an objection to the little clause
about ship store, if we strike that out we
shall then take the section in the precise form
the committee have brought it back to us;
andl think on the whole we had better do it.
Then what will be the result? It will go first
to a committee of conference ; they will con-
sider it, and if they shall concur then with the
Senate that it is wise not to have it in, they
will strike it out; if they shall not, then it will
come back in the nature of a report from the
committee of conference and it will be again
before the Senate. So under all the circum-
stances I think, this being the only amend-
ment reported by the committee that we have
not concurred in, we had better concur in it,
and I suggestthat, as one of the friends of the
section.
Mr. CORBETT. In looking this over very
carefully I see that this clause as to ship
stores applies when the vessels are exclusively
engaged in foreign trade. It now provides that
all articles of foreign production needed for
ship stores, or the repairs of American ves-
sels engaged exclusively in foreign trade, may
be withdrawn from bond.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same words are
used at the top of the section. All these
vessels are to be built exclusively for foreign
trade.
Mr. CORBETT. But the stores can only
be used when exclusively engaged in foreign
trade. Therefore, there is no necessity of
any proviso. There is no amendment neces-
sary except to keep in the words "ship stores"
and they will be allowed when exclusively en-
gaged in foreign trade to withdraw those ship
stores and use them. It seems to me we ought
to keep those words in, and I hope for my
part the words will not be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole striking out the
words " ship stores or " in line twenty-two.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
reserved amendment is in the same section to
strike out the word "sail'' before " vessel."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to offer another
amendment to the section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
in order when the reserved amendments are
through.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask consent, then, to offer
an amendment, of which I gave notice when
the section was first read, and in doing so I
desire to state that I sympathized so much
with the purpose of this section that in the
Finance Committee I voted for the section for
the purpose of bringing it before the Senate,
although I did not approve all its provisions.
And therefore I wish to test the sense of the
Senate by offering the amendment of which 1
gave notice:
Provided, also. That where American material is
used in the construction and repair of such vessels
there shall be allowed and paid as aforesaid an
amount equivalent to the duties imposed on similar
materials and articles of foreign manufacture when
imported.
I will not discuss it. I simply ask a vote
of the Senate. I do not suppose there will
be much objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being interposed, the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania will be received.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. The Senator thought
there would not be much opposition to it.
Why, sir, this is a proposition to pay bounties.
In the other case the section takes no money
out of the Treasury, or if it does, it takes only
money that has been paid in on the same
materials, but this would take money out of
the Treasury that had not been paid in on
those materials at all but paid in from other
sources. It is a mere bounty to use American
materials. It would be to that extent a 16ss
from the Treasury. I am willing to grant
drawbacks, but iu this case we have lost noth-
ing. To pay bounties for the use of Ameri-
can materials is to pay out money where
nothing has been received on the same article,
an entirely different thing from a drawback.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I did not pro-
pose to discuss this question, but this just
presents the principle that is involved in it.
We desire to protect American industries,
and for that purpose we place a duty upon all
importations of iron, and of mamla, and of
hemp, and so forth. Now, this proposes to let
in, in competition with these industries which
we propose to protect, those articles which we
protect. The Senator says it is a bounty.
Some people call all duties bounties. But I
have here, if I were disposed to take up the
time of the Senate in reading them, communi-
cations showing that this section will at once
as soon as it goes into operation probably
close two establishments that are engaged in
the very business of manufacturing the article
that goes into the construction of iron vessels.
I have one here sending ine the illustrations,
the drawings of all the various classes of iron
that they make that go into the construction
of vessels. If the principle is sound in any
respect, it is worth preserving in all respects.
This section simply invites the purchase of
foreign iron at a low price duty free, whereas
I propose that the ship builder shall have his
choice of taking foreign iron duty free, or if he
uses American iron, paying him the same
amount that would have been paid in duties.
I do not propose to discuss it; I ask for the
yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. Is it in order to perfect
this amendment? If so, I wish to offer an
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment can be amended.
Mr. CORBETT. Well, I propose to strike
out "such" and insert " used in the construc-
tion of vessels," and then will follow the words
"engaged exclusively in the foreign trade;"
so that it shall apply to vessels that argi con-
structed and used exclusively in the foreign
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania accept that?
Mr. SCOTT. I do not see that it is neces-
sary at all.
Mr. CORBETT. My reasons are the rea-
sons given by the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce. Under this provision where
they import these articles free they are a por-
tion of the time for three months engaged in
the coasting trade. Now, this drawback should
be given only to vessels built exclusively for
the foreign trade; to cross the Atlantic, for
instance. The Committee on Commerce, as
was stated by the chairman of that committee,
prepared the two provisions for giving draw-
bticksand forgiving premiumson material used
exclusively in vessels engaged in the foreign
trade, and they should only apply to those
vessels. I hope this provision will be so
amended.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOTT. The word "such" refers to
the word " vessels " used in the preceding sec-
tion, and that means vessels engaged in foreign
trade.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not want the Senate
to labor under a misapprehension. We under-
stand what are the vessels named in the sec-
tion. I want to strike out "such." Thesec-
tion, as it now stands, provides for vessels
engaged iu the foreign trade, and also in the
coasting trade for three months of the year.
If we give this additional bounty, I do not
want to give it to any but vessels constructed
