3176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May-8,
down the proposition to let that State be
investigated; and so of the State of Texas.
We will meet the issue at the right time, and
the Gountry will see, if it be in the power of
the minority of that committee, the precise
truth without extenuation, without palliation,
as to what the cry of Ku Ivlux does amount
to, and what it is intended to cover. But
when the Senator from Indiana talks of what
has occurred in New Orleans, I think he had
better embrace in the statement what has
occurred directly within the ranks of his own
party, and what has been the action of the
Executive of this country by interfering thore,
without one shadow of warrant or law, in
interparty matters in tho Republican ranks.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a word ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. There were probably some
distiirbances-in Louisiana last, fall or the early
part of the winter ; but I believe the authors
of them have now joined the ranks of the Sen-
ator's friends, and I suppose he will have but
very little to say on that subject hereafter.
Mr. BAYAUD. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to refer to my friends—my party friends
or personal fi iends ?
Mr. MORTON. I do not say the Senator's
personal friends, but his political friends.
Mr. BAYAUD. If he speaks of my polit-
ical friends, my answer to the Senator is that
he must be very ignorant of what my political
fellows did, or else he is exceedingly reckless
in his charges—one or the two. A revenue-
cutter of the United States was used for tho
purpose of breaking upaquorum of the Louis-
iana Legislature by the collector ol' the port,,
a gentleman who holds office now, and holds
personal relations with your Executive also.
Whatever may have been the difficulties last
fall and winter in New Orleans, a committee
of the other House was appointed to investi-
gate them, and they have not yet mado their
report. I do not know more than this, that
they existed solely and entirely within the
ranks of the party of which the distinguished
Senator from Indiana is so great an ornament.
It was among his friends, men who hold their
power because of the influence of him, and of
such as lie is in the country, that tho difficul-
ties there occurred; and the solution for all
these difficulties was the very prompt and
Bitnple one of military forco. That is the doc-
trine that is to supplant the checks and bal-
ances of the American Constitution 1 That
is to be tho solution of all political questions
and of all difficulties ; and that, forsooth, is to
procure honest, elections I
N o, Mr. President, the discussion this morn-
ing in regard to this Louisiana bill has let the
cat out of the bug completely. It is not the
innocent bill to save the cost and trouble of
the community of Louisiana being compelled
to meet, at the polls on two different days to
cast their votes first for their Slate officers and
then again for Federal ofliccrs. That is not it.
The object and intent simply is to rope in the
State election of Louisiana and place it under
the same military machinery that has been
devised by the Senator and his party friends to
control elections throughoutthe United States.
That is the object of it; not that the people
of Louisiana are to be allowed to exercise
their own will in their own way in regard to
their elections, but that it is to be secured by
military force, and tho scene, I suppose, re-
enacted there, with whatever additions may be
found_necessary, that was enacted in the fall
of 1870 in New York, when the spectacle was
presented to the world and to the American
people of armed ships moored at the foot of
the streets of that city in time of profound
peace, decks cleared for action, guns loaded
ready for what? To sweep the streets of that
city of political opponents, of those who de-
sired to have the will of the people expressed
by legal methods instead of under the authority
of the military ! Nay, further, military expe-
ditions marched to the center of that city,
under regular military orders issued, with so
many days rations cooked and uncooked, and
so many rounds of ammunition ; as regular a
military expedition as ever was ordered during
the late war carried out against the city of
New York in 1870, in a time of profound
peace.
I am reminded by my friend from California
[Mr. Casserly] that he proposed here and
proposed in vain a resolution of inquiry to
know precisely by whose authority and under
what details this order was carried out, and
the Senate choked the resolution and never
permitted the facts to appear before the people
of the country. Now, we all know that this
game is proposed to be repeated and intensi-
fied, and intensified at a time when the Exec-
utive of the nation is to be the direct recip-
ient of the benefit of his own violent action.
I am not sorry that this question is brought
up to-day, and 1 hope it will be kept up until
the people of this country are aroused to the
true condition of the facts. Your law was bad
enough at any time ; it was unconstitutional at
anytime; it was shocking to the sense of a
civilized people who propose to live under a
Government of laws at any time. When now
it is proposed to be revived, and these meth-
ods reproduced, when the candidate himself
is to begin these measures of violence that
may tend to secure his success, surely the peo-
ple of this country had better arouse and had
better see to their liberties, for undoubtedly
they are in great danger.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, one word.
The Senator says the object is to " rope in,"
to use his own elegant phrase, the State elec-
tion and bring it under the military supervision
of the Government. I suggest to the Senator
that his ideas arc somewhat confused. He
ought to know that now, as the law stands in
Louisiana, the State election and the con-
gressional election are to be held on the same
day, and tho State election does have the ben-
efit of any protection that Congress may have
thrown around the congressional election.
Now, what the President of the United
States did do there was to preserve order and
to prevent bloodshed, and he has the thanks
of every honest man in Louisiana for having
done it.
In I860 the power of the Government was
so managed that a riot was allowed, and three
hundred colored Republicans were shot down
in the streets of New Orleans. Does the Sen-
ator want those scenes to bo renewed ? I sup-
pose so, because he complains so bitterly of
the means used by the President to prevent
the repetition of that bloody massacre.
But the Senator, when 1 suggested to him
that the author of these recent disturbances
had joined the ranks of his Liberal friends,
says that I am ignorant of his position. If
we are to infer anything from his remarks, it
is that those who have gone into this Liberal
movement are not his political friends. We
shall understand by and by, in the course of a
month or two, whether that is the Senator's
position or not. We know what hopes have
been held out to those who went to Cincinnati,
that the Democracy would father their little
enterprise, would adopt their candidates. We
are to infer this morning that the Senator dis-
claims that. Whether he will do so a few
weeks hence we shall know better then than
now.
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir; the Senator
from Indiana may be a great deal wiser three
weeks hence than he is now, and I trust by
that time he will be able to do two things: in
the first place, to know the position of the
great Democratic party, for whom I make no
pretense to speak, but of my place in whose
ranks I am exceedingly proud. He may learn
then, and only then, when their accredited
representatives have spoken, what that great
organization intends to do for the benefit of
this country. Perhaps by that time he will
learn better to appreciate the motives of a
political opponent whose only object in legis-
lation is, not that laws shall be made to benefit
by indirection and by wrong the party with
whom he acts, but that laws shall be made
which shall conserve the liberties of the entire
people, whether they are his political oppo-
nents or not. It seems to be almost impos-
sible nowadays to hear the Senator from
Indiana discuss any question here upon the
basis of constitutional principle. With him
there is but one idea, as it seems to me, and
that is party and party success ; and he cannot
appreciate the fact that a roan may go for a
law because it is right, whether itshall happen
at the time being to run with the success of
the party to which he is attached or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend
from Delaware a question ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ He speaks of unconsti-
tutional laws. If he is willing, 1 wish he would
inform the Senate whether in his opinion the
bill now under consideration is unconstitu-
tional?
Mr. BAYARD. Not as it now stands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the way we are
going to vote for it.
Mr. BAYARD. It is not as it now stands.
I was speaking more of the course pursued
by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. BLAIR. It is proposed by this bill to
change the law of the United States fixing the
time for the election of members of Congress
so as to make it conform to the time fixed by
the State Legislature of Louisiana for the elec-
tion of State officers and the electors of Pres-
ident and Vice President. The Legislature
of Louisiana fixed that time with a full knowl-
edge that Congress had fixed a different time.
They must have had some reason for fixing
the time differently. If they had desired to
have their election on the same day and
escaped the inconvenience which is now com-
plained of, they would have conformed to the
time previously fixed by the action of Con-
gress; but they saw proper to fix a different
time, and now they ask Congress to change
the time for the election of members of Con-
gress, and thus make a different day in Louis-
iana from that which has been fixed for the
elections throughout the country.
This argument is much stronger in the case
of other States where different times for State
elections are fixed than that which is fixed for
the election of members of Congress and of
electors of President and Vice President of
the United States. I believe Indiana, Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, and other States have different
days of election, and yet their Senators and
Representatives do not ask Congress to change
the time to conform to that of the States.
They do not complain of the additional ex-
pense and inconvenience. They do not ask
Congress to vary it, because they know tbis
time was made the same and uniform through-
out the country for the purpose of preventing
voters from going over from one State to
another, as it was alleged was the habit in
former times.
That is a danger quite as great as the one
to which the Senator from Indiana alluded.
I will not say that this bill is offered here for
that purpose, but in my judgment it certainly
opens the door for that kind of fraud. It was
to prevent that fraud that the uniform time for
the election was fixed by the Congress of the
United States. I hope it will not be changed
to suit the convenience of a State which had
it in its power to make its election on the sproe
day as that which had already been ordained
by Congress for the congressional election.
The Senator from Indiana alludes to the
riots that took place in 1866. Does he not
know that the military commander in New
Orleans, New Orleans and Louisiana being
then under military government, before^ any
regular civil government had been organized,
telegraphed to Secretary Stanton and asked
