1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2281
sir, the whole question relates to the interests
of this District. There is only one ground on
which the Senator can found a claim to have
the bill referred to his committee; and that is,
something which he finds in the act of May 31,
1832, as amended by a section of the act of
March 2, 1833. Now let us see if, according
to those two acts, the ground on which it is
proposed to locate this depot belongs to the
Government. The eighth section of the act
of May 81, 1832, reads as follows :
"And be it further enacted, That all the right, title,
property, interest and estate, in law or equity, of
the United States, of, iu, and to that part of the
public reservation in the eity of Washington known
and designated as the Mall, which is bounded as
follows: lying between Sixth and Fifteenth bfcreets
west, and extending from Canal street two hundred
and fifteen feet south to the continuance of A street
north, and all that part of the said reservation on
the south side of the said Mali, extending from B
street south three hundred and sixty-two feet to A
street south, and lying between Sixth and Fifteenth
streets west, and all the right, title, interest, and
estate, which is now, or ought to be, vested in any
trustees, commissioners, or other person, for and on
behalf and in trust for the benefit of the United
States, be, and the same are liereby, vested in the
said mayor, aldermen, and common council, in fee,
for the purpose, and to be by them sold and applied
for the purposes aforesaid, or so much thereof as
they shall deem it advUablo to sell for the said pur-
poses, and the said residue to hold and use for the
benefit and convenience of the said city."
Now, it is claimed by the Senator that by
the act of March 2, 1833, that eighth section
is repealed. Well, suppose it is. The eighth
section simply says lhat that part of the public
grounds south of the canal shall be given up
by the General Government to the city of
Washington for the purpose of making this
canal. The act of March 2, 1833, repeals that
in consideration of $150,000 which were paid
the city to build the caual; but mark you, the
spot on which it is proposed to locate this
depot is north of the canal, every foot of it;
there is not one foot of it south of the canal,
where the public Mall is, or where the Armory
square now is, the Smithsonian grounds and
the Agricultural grounds—not an inch of it.
It is all on the north side of the canal, and
belongs to the city of Washington ; and I have
a line here from one of the Board of Public
Works, Mr. Magruder, saying:
" The prouerty given the Potomac railroad in the
House bill belongs to the eity of Washington."
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to ask the
Senator what this bill is doing here if the city
of Washington owns the land?
Mr. PATTERSON. It is merely to confirm
the action of the city government.
Mr. THURMAN. Why does it want any
confirmation?
Mr. PATTERSON. Because it is necessary
to be confirmed.
Mr. THURMAN. Why is it necessary if
the land belongs to the city?
Mr. PATTERSON. To get the right of
way through these streets.
Now, sir, that is the only ground, I believe,
on which the Senator from Vermont claims
that the bill should go to his committee. I do
not care a fig what committee it goes to, only
I think the limits of the duties of committees
should be defined in the Senate. If this is a
matter pertaining to the interests of this city,
let it go to our committee. If it is a matter
pertaining to public buildings and grounds, let
it go to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds ; but I apprehend it belongs ex-
clusively, and only, to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The Senator apprehends that in a few years
other railroads may come in here. He says
we cannot hide from our eyes the fact that
other railroads will come into the city. In
God's name, I hope they will. Everybody
knows that more railroads should come into
this eity, that some business may spring up
and give prosperity to the District of Colum-
bia, and I am not frightened by the vision of
half a dozen railroads coming into the District
of Columbia in the future.
Now, sir, I think this bill which came from |
the Committee on the District of Columbia in
the House of Representatives should be re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia in the Senate. My friend says that
the action upon this bill in the House was not
altogether such as we could approve, and there-
fore the inference is that the bill should not be
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia in the Senate. Well, sir, if there
are any evil purposes in the Committee on the
District of Columbia in the House, I do not
know of any umbilical cord by which the pulse
of that committee is communicated to the com-
mittee in the Senate. If they have got any
wicked purposes or any unjust desires I do not
know that it follows that the Committee on the
District of Columbia in the Senate have got
to be actuated by such motives; and I am
hardly prepared to say that they are actuated
by any improper motives.
1 have formed no opinion about the location
of this depot, and I do not believe it is my duty
to do it until the question is brought before
me fairly by reference of the Senate to be con-
sidered by the committee, and then I will con-
sider it on my judgment as a Senator to do
what is best for the interests of the country.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, when this
question was brought up I thought the merits
were not to be discussed at all. I thought it
was a mere question of reference, but I am
perfectly willing that we shallgo into the whole
question and settle it now.
My good friend and nearest neighbor here,
the Senator from Vermont, began his remarks
by in some slight way charging me with hav-
ing a personal interest in this question. I dis-
claim all that. I do not own one dollar of
stock in this company, I have not oue cent
in its securities, nor have I any pecuniary
interest iu it at all; but I have a pride, as I
think every member of the Seuate ought to
have, in building up this city, and in building
a great railroad which shall connect the North
and the South together by such bonds that
hereafter no one shall attempt to sever them.
The gentlemen who now ask to come into this"
city and have a landing-place for their traffic
and their passengers hawe already completed
arrangements by which in two years more a
freight line will start from New Orleans with'
cotton or any other of the products of the
country, and reach the city of New York in
fifty-eight hours, carrying freights so cheaply
that no water communication can compete
with the railroad.
The Senator from Vermont has not lived as
long as I have, nor has he, I fear, thrown his
vision so far ahead as a man of his great intel-
ligence should do when he thinks to confine
this city to a little bit of a park. I am proud
of his efforts to adorn this capital, and I will
go as far with him as any other man will to
expend money and give the results of my
brains toward improving the public parks and
the surroundings of the capital. Every time
the question of those improvements has come
up, 1 have voted in favor of the improvements.
I have a love in seeing everything which nature
has made adorned as much as the art of man
can adorn it. Iu my own home I have never
ceased to plant a flower when I could get it.
I have always brought to my house and to my
lands the finest fruits that 1 could find; and 1
have been glad to share the result of my culti-
vation there with my fiiends whenever they
called to see me.
I have aided in building railroads from the
commencement of the railroad system in this
country; nay, before railroads were dreamed
of, I helped to make the canals; and for that
reason 1 come here now asking you to give to
this company, which has expended in getting
into this city five or six million dollars, not
any assistance, to treat it not with liberality,
but with courtesy and with the hospitality
which is due to those who come into your
house to help you. They comc here now ready,
so soou as they shall have completed a tunnel
of a mile or a mile and a half in length in
Baltimore, to come here with an uninterrupt-
ed passage from the ocean to the Gulf. They
ask no money from you. They are willing to
adorn that ground. They simply wish a piece
of ground which will enable them to carry oa
their trade and their commerce without in-
terruption and without the interference of anv-
body.
For twenty years I have tried to get a rail-
road made from the city of Baltimore to the
city of Washington. I have always been met
by an adverse power, one which thought only
of looking to its own interests and never did
anything for the improvement or the benefit
of the city of Washington. When you finish
this railroad communication the coal which
costs you now ten dollars a ton in Washington
will be landed at your doors or at the railroad
depot for five dollars. I believe the house-
keepers of this city are now paying eight or
nine dollars a ton for coal. The other day,
within the last ten days, I paid a bill of coal
in my own house for four dollars a ton. It is
but oue hundred and thirty miles from Harris-
burg to the city of Washington, and coal ought
not to cost more than one cent a mile for
tonnage to bring it. The saving upon the
coal now used for domestic purposes in this
city would more than pay for all the land
which these people ask you to allow them to
occupy. They bind themselves also to im-
prove it, or to alter their improvements, just
as the Government may desire.
They did not come and ask this. The city
of Washington invited them and compelled
them to go a mile and a half or two miles out
of their road, to come around by the Eastern
branch of the Potomac. They came up there,
spending large sums of money making a tun-
nel of several hundred feet to get up on Vir-
ginia aveuue, then looking only to their south-
ern communication; but the corporation of
Washington, the business men, the intelligent
men of trade here, came to them and said,
" We want you to come up into the center of
the town to benefit us. not to benefit you."
These men have come here at their invitation.
Why, then, should not this question be
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia? Have they not had charge of
the subject from the beginning? From the
beginning every step in legislation has come
through that committee. And now my good
friend from Vermont, in the pride of his pet
project—I mean that not disrespectfully, for
it is creditable to him—would drive us away
out of this city for fear that a locomotive may
frighten some gentleman's horses as he rode
along. Why, sir, we have three railroads pass-
ing with double tracks through the great park
at Philadelphia. That park has twenty-eight
hundred acres of laud in it; and on one of
those railroads I have seen a single engine
carrying one hundred and fifty cars behind it
in that park, and nobody was frightened at it.
Indeed, everybody was proud of it, for it was
a beautiful triumph of art over nature.
The Senator talks about General Washing-
ton. My God 1 it took that good old man ten
days to go from Mount Vernon to Philadelphia
with four horses to his carriage. Would he
not be delighted to come here now and see
locomotives thus loaded, as I have seen them,
whistling past, not disturbing his horses at all;
for I take it for granted he would have been
there several times before and the horses would
have been accustomed to it. I wish he could
come here now and see these changes, I am
sure he would be glad to see how men have
advanced.
Why, sir, when I began to endeavor to get
people to make a railroad from the little town
where I lived to Lancaster, some thirty miles
distant, everybody said that I was mad. "How
could we ever get carriages to travel oil rails,"
tbey said. The Senator from Vermont is almost
as far behind the times as my good old friend
Abram Harueiy was. I have told th« story in
