2282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
the Senate before, but I suppose tlip Senate
have forgotten it, and my friend from Vermont
reminds me so much of Abram Harnley that
I will tell the story again.
Once when I was traveling through the vil-
lages of the neighborhood and trying to per-
suade the people that railroads might be made
and to get them to subscribe to stock, I said
in a few remarks that 1 believed the time would
come when some of the people who were then
listening to me would see a railroad car start-
ing from Harrisburg in the morning after hav-
ing taken breakfast, go to Philadelphia, get
dinner there, attend to their business, and
come home the same night. That was one
hundred and ten miles. Abram Harnley in
his day and neighborhood was considered an
exceedingly intelligent old gentleman. He
came up to me and said, "Well, Simon, I am
glad you told these people about that going to
Philadelphia;" and then, putting his fingers to
his nose, he said, "but you and 1 know better
than that." [Laughter.]
Now, 1 have no doubt that the gentlemen
■who are so afraid of these locomotives dis-
turbing horses and carriages, and interfering
with the infants who pass across there, will
live to see the day when they will look on with
pleasure and pride and say what a wonderful
country this is, and what a wonderful people
ours are to be the authors and constructors of
such great works as these.
Mr. President, I have a few practical rea-
sons why this thing should be done which I
have put down on paper, and which I will ask
the clerk to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The question of giving the Baltimore and
Potomac railroad necessary facilities tor the
transaction of business in the city of Wash-
ington presents the following practical con-
siderations :
1. The capital of the United States has de-
pended up to this time upon a single line of
railway for its connection with the East, West,
and Northwest; and in consequence of this
monopoly line every one coming from the
West, North, and Northwest has been sub-
jected to every inconvenience that obstruct-
ive management, could devise, or a helpless
public could endure.
2. No relief being possible by any arrange-
ment with this Baltimore and Ohio monopoly,
the Pennsylvania railroad have been forced
to expend ,$0,000,000 to loosen the glip of
the monopoly from ihis city. The road con-
structed for this purpose is now very near
completion, and it asks for such depot facil-
ities as will secure to the people of Washing-
ton the advantages which this great expend-
iture should entitle thein to.
3. When the necessity for building the new
road into Washington was accepted a new and
a comprehensive project was conceived, which
also promises incalculable advantages to Wash-
ington. Capitalists havesecured control of an
entire line ol railroads from New Orleans to
Baltimore, and these are in full accord with
the line from Baltimore to New York, thus
securing a railway trunk line from New York
to New Orleans, thiough Philadelphia, Balti-
more, Washington, Richmond, Danville, Char-
lotte, Atlanta, Montgomery, and Mobile, to the
emporium of the South. To this is to be added
the fact that this line must be the eastern term-
inus of I he Southern Pacific lailway, which
by two routes will tap it in Georgia. Crossing
the Mississippi at Vicksburg and also at, Mem-
phis, the Southern Pacilic railroad will find a
thousand miles of its line to New York at
work. And for the success of so grand a
scheme, the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company is now, as it has heretofore been,
forced to oontcst every inch with its implac-
able enemy, the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
The one road proposes to make Washington a
very important point on the great highway of
commerce between the Pacific and the Atlantic;
the other aims to obstruct everything neces-
sary to so desirable an object, and it proposes
nothing but obstruction.
4. Every ingenuity of opposition has been
resorted to and has failed until now. The Legis-
lature of Maryland, and the Congress of the
United States have, in the face of continual
and bitter opposition, granted a charter for the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad. The city
of Baltimore under like opposition has granted
the right of way through its limits. The House
of Representatives has, within a few days,
given the very grant now asked for, by a ma-
jority of more than two to one, to wit, 115
to 55. The city of Washington, in a spirit of
liberality and progress, has given this very
right. And the Senate of the United States is
the last hope of those whose only aim is to
keep the capital of the nation isolated from the
nation.
5. By granting this right, approved by every
other authority having power to grant or refuse
it, the projects for the benelit of Washington
and the whole South are successful. By deny-
ing this the earnest efforts already made must
prove abortive, and the vast capital already
invested for the regeneration of the southern
region is lost. Yon now pay eleven dollars
per ton for coal; we aid to reduce it to six
dollars by cheaper freights. You now spend
nine hours and a half going to New York;
we propose to run that in six and a half. It
is now seven hours to Richmond ; we will put
you there in four. New York to New Orleans
is seventy four hours ; we will land passengers
in fifty-two. Freights are now excessive; we
will carry freight at thirty per cent, of the rail-
road rates of to-day, and at much lower figures
than it is carried by sea. In short, every ad-
vantage which a continuous line, ample capi-
tal, energy, and a regard for the convenience
of the public can give, is now offered by the
road that asks this right. And against this it
is argued that a grant so beneficent in its
consequences will, in some way or other, be
unjust to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company.
Mr. CAMERON. I have only to add that
I look upon this question now entirely as one
of reference. Whether the city of Washing-
ton has a legal right to this land or not is a
question which can be decided afterward. If
they have none, they cannot, give it to a rail-
road company ; but certainly they have a right
to designate where a railroad shall come in or
go out of the town. That is a municipal reg-
ulation entirely, and one, I think, which no
other authority can or ought to interfere with.
The city government and the people here are
the best judges of that; and it is entirely a
question for the city of Washington to decide,
and for nobody else.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Allow me
to ask the Senator what document that was
that was read by the Secretary.
Mr. CAME HON. It. was part of my speech.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not desire
to go into a discussion of the real merits of
this question at the present time. The ques-
tion now is, as the Senator says, a question
of reference.
It is contended on the part of the honorable
chairman of the Committee ot) the District of
Columbia that the title to this land is not in
the United States; and yet he reads from the
act granting all the rights which the city of
Washington has to the land, which were to
cease and determine provided they did not
perform certain conditions-precedent, and it
is also apparent, that the $150,000 were paid
on condition of the return of all the lands that
were ceded.
I admit the ground contended for by the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania and the
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, that if this is not tlie land of the
United States, the bill ought not to be referred
to tho Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds. I say that it is the property of the
United States; and I do not believe that any
lawyer who will examine the statutes on this
subject will decide otherwise. At all events,
I do not believe that on a mere question of
reference, the Senate will be ready to decide
in advance that we have no title to it; and that
is the question that we are called upon to de-
cide if we refer.it to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to ask
my friend a question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. 1 ask the Senator from
Vermont, if the city of Washington has not
since 1834 collected rents on this very land ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
believe that the city of Washington has ob-
tained any title by occupation at all. If that
is the title of the city of Washington, allow me
to say with all respect, it is a very dirty title.
Mr. PATTERSON. Very well; it may be
a very dirty one, but some dirty titles are very
strong ones. The Senator, however, did not
answer my question. I asked him if the city
of Washington had not collected rent on this
very land since 1834.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not the
whole of it; on a portion of it.
ordeit of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The morning hour hav-
ing expired, the Indiau appropriation bill is
before the Senate. In consequence of the
order made by the Senate, fixing to-day at one
o'clock for the consideration of bills reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs, the
Chair will recognize the chairman of that com-
mittee, the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] \o enable him to take the sense of
the Senate by moving to lay the appropriation
bill on the table.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will allow us to finish this ques-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only desire
to occupy a few moments more.
Mr. CAMERON. It will tiake but a little
while.
The_ PRESIDING OFFICER If there be
no objection, the Indian appropriation bill
will be passed over informally for the purpose
of taking a vote on this question.
Mr. WILSON. I do not object to a vote
being taken.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say a word or two more.
Mr. THURMAN. And I wish to say a
word on this question of reference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is in
the nature ot an objection. The Indian appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Then I move that the In-
dian appropriation bill be passed over for the
purpose of taking up bills from the Military
Committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion of the Senator should be to lay the appro-
priation bill on the table.
Mr. 'WILSON. Very well; I make that
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts moves to lay the Indian
appropriation bill on the table for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of bills
reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON. Cannot I amend that
motion by saying "for the purpose of con-
cluding this question of the railroad depot?"
lhe PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to lay on the table cannot be amended, and is
not debatable.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 29, noes 15.
Mr. WILSON. I now move 
Mr. SPENCER. Allow me to make a
motion.
Mr. WILSON. I hope I shall be permitted
to go on.
