438
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
good of master and man and of the Com-
monwealth.
proposed reduction.
With our annual surplus revenue, over one
hundred millions, and a rising balance in the
Treasury of over one hundred and twenty mil-
lions, what reduction is proposed? The Secre-
tary of the Treasury suggests that we may
reduce thirty-six millions, and retain sufficient
for necessary expenses, the sinking fund, and
to pay fifty millions of the debt per annum.
His estimate leaves out of consideration the
probable increase of revenue.
The Committee of Ways and Means, after
protracted deliberation, reports a bill which
falls short of the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. The minority of this
committee seeks to erect itself above the com-
mittee on the ground of consistency and har-
mony. The only drawback on this claim is
that of the two gentlemen in minority: each
presents a bill. Whether the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] _ agrees with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
as to the bill of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania we know not. But we may presume
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania does
not agree with the gentleman from Tennessee
as regards the bill of the gentleman from
Tennessee, because the bills differ. And who
ever knew the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to agree with any one who differed from him ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] is very facetious, and
very amusing, and very delightful 
Mr. STEVENSON. I am happy to de-
light the gentleman. I did not think him so
easily delighted.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will say that there is no discord
or dissonance of view between myself and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. The two bills
were introduced for reasons which, when I
have the honor to address the House, I will
explain. They do not differ at all. The bill
I have introduced is simply the portion of the
bill relating to internal revenue, and discon-
nected from that portion which relates to the
duties on imports.
Mr. BURCHARD. May I ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee which bill does he agree
with—whether the one introduced on the 10th
or that introduced on the 22d April, as the
two bills materially differ ? On which of those
two bills is it that he and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania agree?
Mr. MAYNARD. There was none intro-
duced on the 16th. There was none permitted
to bo introduced. There was a scheme of a
bill offered and printed by order of the House,
but erroneously and inaccurately printed, as it
turned out, with many mistakes which had not
been corrected, because the friends of the bill
had not time to revise it.
Mr. BURCHARD. I would desire to ask
the gentleman from Tennessee further 
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot yield for these
gentlemen to settle their chronic differences.
It seems that three bills or schemes of bills
have been introduced by the two gentlemen
in minority, and one by the majority. But
does any of these meet the necessity by re
ducing taxes in the amount required by the
public interests?
We have seen no proposition from any part
of this committee which remits more than one
half the amount which should be yielded to
the people. In the last Congress there was
an attempt to reduce revenue from tariff.
The gentlemen who then controlled the action
of the House were told that their measure
would not reduce receipts, but they would be
larger than they had been before. Experience
justifies that prediction, and we may venture
to say that the bill as reported bythe majority
of the committee, or the minority tariff bill,
if passed, will not reduce receipts from imports
below those for the current year. The pro-
posed reduction is not sufficient to cover the
margin of growth, and consequent accretion
of receipts. Some of the changes—and with
such I have no quarrel—are in the interest of
revenue, reducing rates so as to bring more
money, relieving the people for the benefit of
the Treasury. The committee falls short of
the measure of relief reluctantly conceded by
the Secretary. This "organ of the House "
submits to the Secretary's proclivities against
his advice, and seems to consult his private
wishes against his public expressions.
faying the debt.
The Secretary says we should retain
$50,000,000 annually for the payment of
the national debt, and he is supposed to desire
that we should retain a larger sum, and the
committee retains more than sixty millions
a year. Why should we yield to this policy?
One feature of the present condition of pol-
itics is grateful to me; the increasing inde-
pendence of the Departments of the Govern-
ment. The President and his Secretaries
properly exercise greater independence of Con-
gress than has been customary. I wish they
had withdrawn further in that direction, and as
they have taken this honorable attitude we
should maintain our independence as legis-
lators. Congress should stop the collection
of enormous taxes, and the hoarding of sur-
plus gold. The country would not be injured
by shearing down the revenue to the level of
the necessities of the Government and the sink-
ing fund, throwing off the entire burden of
needless taxation. We could afford to look to
the growth of the country, annually increasing
receipts for the payment of the debt. We have
nearly one hundred million dollars above all
claims on the Treasury ; suppose we have no
surplus beyond the sinking fund for the next
two years, this balance would pay $60,000,000
of the debt a year, or if presently applied
$100,000,000, and relieve the country of
$6,000,000 annual interest. It is a miserly
policy which keeps a mountain of gold in the
Treasury while burdens oppress the people.
Mr. AMBLER. Is the gentleman entirely
certain that that statement is correct?
Mr. STEVENSON. As to what?
Mr. AMBLER. That there is $100,000,000
in the Treasury beyond all the debts of the
Government?
Mr. STEVENSON. I mean demands for
gold in the Treasury.
Mr. AMBLER. There has been quite a
different impression on the part of myself and
some of my associates upon this floor.
Mr. STEVENSON. The balance of gold
and currency in the Treasury is over one hun-
dred and twenty-three million dollars, and the
coin certificates are about twenty-five million
dollars.
Mr. MERRIAM. I would ask the gentle-
man what he considers as belonging to the
Government of the $30,000,000 of gold cer-
tificates out to-day. As I understand it, there
are $30,000,000 of gold certificates out, issued
against gold that is held by the Government
in New York, for the benefit of importers in
paying their duties. It is a sacred trust, as
much so with the Government as it would be
with any individual.
Against this $120,000,000, there is also
$21,000,000 of called-in bonds, the interest
on which is stopped, and which are liable to
redemption on demand, and may be presented
any day. There are also $2,000,000 of old
indebtedness of the Government now due and
liable to be called for at any moment. There
are also $6,000,000 of interest due on the 1st
of April which has not been paid, and which
is liable to be called for at any time. That
reduces the amount to $61,000,000. Then
there is also $32,000,000 of interest, a part
of which is to be paid on the 1st of May. Then
there are twelve or fourteen million dollars of
three per cent, demand certificates ; and as
the Government has not the currency to pay
with, it must sell gold to obtain it for that
purpose. Therefore, the amount of gold is
brought down to so small a sum that in order
to have a proper control of the money market,
the gold market of New York, they must hold
at least the amount that would be left, less
than twenty million dollars.
Mr. AMBLER. I had so understood it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am glad the gentle-
man stopped where he did, before he brought
the Treasury in debt; he had almost pro-
duced a deficit. It seems singular if there are
so many claims on the Treasury which must
be paid on demand, that there should have
been for so long a time a running balance of
$100,000,000 in the Treasury.
Mr. MERRIAM. If the gentleman will
allow me 
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir; I cannot
yield further. If I err in my figures, there
are gentlemen on both sides of the House who
can correct me in their own time. I do not
agree, however, that the Government should
keep every dollar of gold in its vaults for
which it issues a certificate. For what are
these certificates issued; merely for the ben-
efit of the holders? We do the printing, the
safekeeping, the handling, the insuring, and
they have all the advantage I We can safely
assume that not all of the certificates will
be presented immediately for redemption.
The amount is more likely to increase; any
banker would feel secure in using half or two
thirds of these deposits in his business. There
is a continual surplus coming in from taxation.
One object of keeping this money in the
Treasury is to control Wall street; and so far
as it may be necessary to do that it may be
well; but I do not consider the weighting
down of the Treasury with masses of gold
necessary for that purpose. Twenty millions
would be as good as a hundred, unless you
mean to frighten Wall street brokers, and
they are not alarmed by such inertia.
Mr. MERRIAM. If it does not belong to
the Government, then it has no right to use it.
Mr. STEVENSON. If it does not belong
to the Government, then let the Government
get rid of it by paying it back to those to whom
it does belong.
Mr. MERRIAM. You cannot force the
holder of Government obligations to present
them for payment.
Mr. STEVENSON. Why keep $100,000,000
in the vaults of our Treasury tempting thieves
and defaulters? It is the money of the Gov-
ernment. There may be claims against the
Treasury, as stated, but they are such as have
run on and will run on. It is not necessary to
keep all this treasure to meet them.
Mr. MERRIAM. There are Government
bonds that have been called in, which are due
and liable to be presented at any moment.
Mr. STEVENSON. They cannot come in
faster than money will come in to pay them,
and let them be paid; that is what I ask. But
I do notstickle about amounts. If gentlemen
will agree with me on the proposition that
the Secretary of the Treasury redeem bonds
with whatever sums can be spared for that
purpose from this enormous balance, let us
pass a resolution to that effect, and leave it
to the conscience of the Secretary of the
Treasury to say how much can be spared.
Mr. AMBLER. Perhaps we could all
agree as to that. The question seems to be
as to the amount of surplus that shall be kept
on hand.
Mr. STEVENSON. Leave that to the
conscience of the Secretary.
