3178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
thfi landn constituting the Fort Collins mil-
itary reservation, in the Territory of Colorado,
subject to preemption and homestead entry,
as provided for in existing law.
The message also announced that the House
had passed, without amendment, the bill (S.
No. 671) to authorize the West Wisconsin
Railway Company to keep up and maintain a
bridge for railway purposes across Lake St.
Croix, at the city of Hudson, in the State of
Wisconsin.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, with amend-
ments ; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 448) to establish a system of
deposits, to prevent desertion, and elevate the
condition of the rank and file of the Army ;
and
A bill (S. No. G07) to establish the pay of
the enlisted men of the Army.
post office appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. It. No. 1070) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
for the year ending June 80, 1873, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr.
Nye, which was to add to the section adopted
on the motion of Mr. Casseuly relative to the
continuance of the steamship lino between
New York and San Francisco via Panama:
Provided, That said requirement shall in all re-
spects apply to any party contracting tor thoscrvice
between San Francisco, China, an<l Japan, as well
as to the Pacific Mail Stoamship Company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This refers to a
previous amendment adopted by the Senate
yesterday afternoon.
Mr. NYE. 1 understand that was accepted
by my friend from California.
Tlio VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that, the Senator from California with
drew his objection, but a Senator not now in
his seat renewed the objection, and on the vote
being taken no quorum voted, after which the
Senate adjourned.
Mr. WiNDOM. I think there is no other
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again state, and then possibly there may be no
further objection, that this follows the amend-
ment agreed to on the motion of the Senator
from California, and after debate the Sena-
tor from California last evening withdrew his
objection to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was not present when
the debate occurred and the vote was taken.
My intention was this morning to move to
reconsider the vote if possible on the amend-
ment of the Senator from California. I do
not regard it as very important, but I will
suggest to linn the idea that occurred to me
when I read it in J.he Globe.
idaho and washington elections.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator to give way
one moment. I desire to appeal to the Sen-
ate to do one other thing. I gave notice
yesterday that I should ask for a vote this
morning on the question of the elections in
Idaho and Washington Territories. I seethe
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Corjktt] who is
opposed to the bill in his seat. The subject
has been fully discussed. I hope, therefore,
we may be allowed to simply take the vote
on that, question.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the con-
sideration of the Post Office appropriation bill,
the Senator from Nevada asks unanimous con-
sent to allow the vote to be taken on the pas-
sage of the bill in regard to elections in Wash-
ington and Idaho Territories, previously dis-
cussed iti the Senate. Is there objection ?
Mr. CORBMT. I shall not object to a
vote on thatquestion. I have heretofore stated
my objections to the bill, but I do not wish to
prevent a vote and a decision upon i
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thai
That is what
the Senator from Nevada asks, simply to have
a vote as it has been discussed and explained,
without superseding the Post Office appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. WINDOM. If it gives rise to no dis-
cussion, I will not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be reported, after which
the Secretary will call the roll on its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear what it is
first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Vermont reserves the right to object.
The bill will be reported subject to objection
or to a demand for the regular order.
The Chief Clerk rend the bill (H. R. No.
1030) to regulate elections in Washington and
Idaho Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of this bill. It was previously
passed and reconsidered, and unanimous con-
sent is now asked that without further debate
the vote be taken on its passage.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to state that
some one has said to me that he was informed
that I had withdrawn my objection or thought
it, was not so important as at first stated. I
wish simply to say that I stated fully my ob-
jections to the bill, and that I still adhere to
those objections, i am opposed to the passage
of this bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, liuys 18; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Caldwell,
Cameron, Caysorly, Uoooer, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert,, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Norwood, Nyc,
ltico, Sanlsbury, lawyer, Stevenson, Sumner,
Tipton, Trumbull, Vickors, West, Windom, and
Wright,—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Borcinaii, Carpenter, Chandler,
Clayton, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Jlamlin, (ioldthwailo, Harlan, Morrill
of Maino, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pool, i'ratt.
Sherman, anil Sprague—18.
ABSKNT — Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Brownlow.
Buckingham. Colo, Conkling, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, FreliuKhuyscu, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton ot Texas, Hill, llowe, Kellogg, Morton,
Patterson, Pomeroy, llamscy, Ransom, Robertson,
Sehurz, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Thur-
mitti, and Wilson—27.
So the bill was passed.
l'OKT OF KICK A Pl'ltOPKI ATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the hill (H. R.
No. 1070) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of lho Post, Office Department for the
year ending June 80, 1873, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
Mr. SHERMAN. In my judgment the amend
ment of the Senator from California, with
the amendment of the Senator from Nevada
attached, would defeat the very object the Sen-
ator from California had in view. The amend-
ment of the Senator from California provides
that the China Mail Steamship Company shall
ajso run aline from Panama to San Francisco.
That is all right enough. They ought to be
required to run that line. Then the amend-
ment, of the Senator from Nevada requires any
other company bidding for this new service to
undertake to run the same line. The result
of these two amendments together will be to
give to the Pacific Mail Company the abso-
lute, exclusive right to bid on this contract.
That is the effect of it, because, as a matter of
course, no new company could undertake for
this subsidy of a milliou to run both lines.
The effect of this amendment will be to defeat
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] which invited com-
petition and gave to the lowest bidder this new
service.
I have no special knowledge about it, except
that we can see very well that these two amend-
ments combined defeat anything like competi-
tion for this service. You might just as well
insert the name of the present company, the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company, and give
them the contract in so many words. That is
the effect of these two amendments. I simply
wished to call the attention of the Senate
to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have but a word or two
to say on this subject. There is no possibility
of any competition now, without my amend-
ment, on the part of any other man or body
of men with the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany for the new service. Why is there no
possibility of it? Because there is no body
of men that has at command at this moment
a sufficient number of first-class American
sea-going steamships of not less than three
thousand tons each. That is what your law
of 1865 requires, and that law is now in
operation.
In addition to that, the new steamships,
according to the amendment of the committee
adopted by the Senate, are to be American
steamships of not less than four thousand tons
register. The Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] was perfectly right when he ssid
that though according to the form of words
there was to be a competition, yet in fact there
would be none. Without my amendment
there would be none; and if with my amend-
ment and with the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada added there will be none, then
it does not alter the situation so far as compe-
tition is concerned, while it does confer a very
great benefit on the coast and on the whole
country in insuring the continuance of the
steain line between New York and San Fran-
cisco, which no longer ago than this very year
demonstrated its essential usefulness to the
commerce of the country in a very signal man-
ner.
1 withdraw my objection to the amendment,
and I hope it will be adopted if we can thereby
end the debate.
Mr. HARLAN. I concur in opinion with
the honorable Senator from California, and in
stating that concurrence, I desire to call the
attention of the Senate to an additional fact
on this subject, particularly of the honorable
Senator from Minnesota, who seemed to have
some doubt in relation to the fact that this
company had already provided for a semi-
motulily service. I have in my hand now a
newspaper published in California, the Daily
Alta California, in which I find an advertise-
ment that I desire to read :
" For Japan and China.—Steamers leave on the
first of every month, punctually at noon, for Yoko-
hama and llong Kong, connecting at Yokohama with
the company's branch line for Shanghai, via Hiogo
and Nagasaki.
*]May 1.—America, Captain Doane.
' From May to October, inclusive, an extra steamer
will be dispatched on the sixteenth of every month.
When the sailing date falls on Sunday the steamer
will sail the preceding Saturday.
''Apply at tho Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
office, at their wharf, corner of First and lirannan
streets. ELDRIDGE & IRWIN, Agents."
This advertisement appears to be dated April
19; I find the letters "April 19." The paper
itself is published on the 29th of April. This
advertisement is signed by parties that claim
to be the agents of the company, dated April
19, inviting the public to apply at their office
for passage and an opportunity to send freight
across the Pacific on semi-monthly steamers.
Now, take this in connection with the market
news report that was read yesterday, and
the advertisement of an earlier date, caused
to be read by the honorable Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Kelly,] and it does seem to
me that there can be no doubt on the mind
of any Senator that this company have already
procured the ships, that they will begin to run
on the 16th day of the present month, and
that the appropriation of five additional mil-
lion dollars is not necessary to secure this
service.
Mr. WINDOM. All I have to say in answer
to that is that I stated the other day that
during the tea season for two or three months
they do run an extra ship. I do not wish to
reargue the question.
