1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
bill is disposed of, move to strike out the
exceptions.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, some three
weeks ago, very much to my own astonish-
ment, I was drawn into a colloquy with the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. SumxerJ
upon his favorite policy. I had no anticipa-
tion of any such discussion, nor did I at the
time or after it was over attach to it any very
great consequence; certainly I gave so little
to it that I did not take the pains to have
printed what I said on that occasion. But, as
Lord Byron, I believe it was, said of himself,
alluding to his sudden rise in the literary world,
" I lay down to sleep, woke, and "found my-
self famous." I thought what took place
on that occasion was but a very innocent com-
parison of views between the Senator from
Massachusetts and myself, I intervening in a
simple way, from my practical knowledge of
the character of the colored people of the
South and my life-long association with them,
to state what I thought was most expedient to
be done, and the Senator rebuking with some
severity many of the opinions that I advanced.
But that day's work has become importaut
history. Ot course it has gone into the Con-
gressional Globe and it lias gone abroad over
the land. The colored men of the United
States, and the colored women and the colored
children, wherever they could read, have read
what was said here that day, and I find that
among that class of population in my own State
and also among some others who are white, I
am being rebuked for the heterodox senti-
ments that I uttered on that occasion. Now,
I have thought with some deliberation upon
what I did say, and I find that I am misrepre-
sented by some persons in their intemperate
zeal in attiibuting to me remarks which 1
never made and thoughts that, 1 never enter-
tained. I will endeavor to allude to them
before I conclude.
The Senator from Massachusetts, on a more
recent occasion reviving this subject upon
which he is so enthusiastic, has brought to our
attention, among other things, the action of
a great public meeting of colored persons in
the city of Macon, Georgia, where there figured
an individual known as llev. Henry M. Tur-
ner, of whom the Senator said gome very kind
and complimentary things. I have only to re-
mark that if the Senator knew the subject of
his eulogy as well as the Georgians in this city
know him he would have saved any expres-
sions of thai sort. He is a leverend gentle-
man by profession, but I assure the Senator
that with the better class of the Senator's own
admirers in the State of Georgia who know
Henry M. Turner he is not regarded as a de-
cent man, and that is putting it in a moderate
point of view.
They sent here a series of resolutions, and
I will advert to one of them, for I want the
good will oL these people ; I have no con-
tempt for them, as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would insinuate—very far from it;
none in the world toward them or any other
class of human beings. But I have no more
admiration for them than I have lor the lium-
bie of any other class on God's earth. I have
never sought to make any capital out of them
by flattering tlieir vanity, nor have J ever done
it to any other race, nor do I think I ever will.
The colored people of this country are no bet-
ter, 1 take it," than they ought to be, any more
than the white people are. I do not look upon
them as being so much the superiors of the
imm grant class in America, about which
nothing has been said in this debate; and while
there is such an outpouring of sympathy, such
a gush of generosity for this afflicted class, 1
think that something might have been said for
the hundreds of thousands of foreigners who
inhabit this country to day and are daily arriv-
ing upon its shores, that something might have
been invoked in the way of protection and
shelter and sustenance and equality ot rights
for this neglected class.
This Macon meeting adopted a preamble in
which the authors of it are pleased to say of
myself that I stated, on the occasion to which
I have referred, that the colored people of
Georgia did not desire the passage of the Sen-
ator's bill, but were terribly anxious for the
passage of the amnesty bill. I said nothing
about what the people of Georgia desired,
whether they wished the Senator's bill passed,
or whether they did not wish the amnesty bill
passed, or whether they wished both to be
passed. I neither thought about it, nor did I
speak of it in any way. These words, there-
fore, are interpolated.
It is said that there were four thousand of
these people at this meeting. Yes, that is
likely. This demagogue, Henry M. Turner,
does nothing else but perambulate Georgia.
Going about with a memorial of this sort, to
the workshops, plantations, &c., he could very
easily, as I know it would be very congenial
employment lor him, say to every laborer he
found, " Here is a great measure that is to do
wonders for you, you poor laborer in the corn
and cotton fields of the South. If this bill of
Senator Sumneb's can only become a law, you
will find yourself some day or other, to your
amazement, like Christopher Sly," (if he ever
read of him,) "a guest at the Kimball House,
in Atlanta, one of the finest hotels in the Uni-
ted States." That would bo perfectly bewil-
deiing to some of them. " You will be on an
equality with the foremost gentleman in the
State. Therefore give me your name." "Cer-
tainly; take the name down," the innocent
man will say ; " put me down for one, because
I want to be there." That is all very natural.
He might get fifty thousand of them as easily
as four thousand—any number. You have
only got to ask for them, and if you do notget
enough an inventive mind can supply the
deficiency.
Then this distinguished Mr. Turner goes
on and writes a letter in which he gives a
most pathetic, heart-rending story of a poor
woman, a highly educated lady, he says, from
Massachusetts, whom he came across at Fort
Valley, south of Macon, Georgia, having abso-
lutely traveled from the time she crossed the
Potomac river at Washington, three days and
nights, without tasting a mouthful of food,
through the inhospitable Soutti; that he at-
tempted to get, for her some little refreshment,
even a cup of tea, or something of the sort, at,
a wayside hotel, and was refused after it was
found out she was colored. This may all be
so: but it smacks of the marvelous.
Now, I will put a bit of history against that.
I will take one of my own household, an old
colored woman of over fifty years of age, who,
as I came here in December, came on with me.
She had been laying by little sums of money
all the summer, telling me she intended to
make a visit to see some children she had at
Fiedericksburg. She was no traveler, did not
know how to take care of herself, and she said
she would rely upon me to do this. She had
a good many household goods; she expected
to spend a year, and she wanted to take them
all along with her. I consented, with the ex-
ception that I did not allow her to take anything
that would not go very well as baggage, but
bedding and thingsof thatkind she could carry.
The railroad companies were very kind, on my
suggestion, all went with a trunk, &e., with-
out, any extra charge at all. She being com-
pelled to spend one day in the city of Augusta
by a detention, I met her in the afternoon when
I was ready to resume the journey, and she told
me that she had had troops ot friends that, met
her ; she had never been treated more kindly
in the world ; she had been pressed by invita-
tions here and there among the colored people,
and she had fared sumptuously. She came on
to Charlotte, North Carolina, where she had
not an acquaintance, spent one day there, and
at the close of that day the same thing was said.
She was called on, taken to church by a col-
ored person, dined, kindly cared for, and was
ready to resume the journey that afternoon.
I do not say what would have been the case had
this woman of mine had to depend on the hos-
pitality and kindness of the white people, but
she did not have that to do ; the colored people
seeing her a stranger sought her out. I give
one story to rebut the other.
I will say one thing in regard to the colored
people. They areamong the most hospiiable
people of all the world. If they have any-
thing to eat or to drink, and one is hungry
or thirsty, and comes where they are, he is
very apt to be invited to partake of it, and it
matters not whether he be white or colored.
They are generous in the extreme in that
respect.
Mr. President, on the occasion of my dis-
cussion with the Senator from Massachusetts
1 advanced the idea that his bill would confer
no substantial rights on the colored people that
would be available. I am still of that opin-
ion. I did not enter into a discussion of the
bill with a view of showing its unconsiitu-
tional character. I waived that for the time
because the discussion was sudden, was un-
expected, and I did not wish to protract it.
Indeed, Senators around me were hoping for
a vote, and were insisting that I should not
prolong the debate on the amendment. A
month has elapsed, and we have not yet reached
a vote.
As 1 understand, at present the Senator him-
self is in doubt, to say the least, whether there
are not many portions of his amendment that
would be bettered by alteration. Suggestions
have been made to htm which I understand
him to be entertaining. Whether ho will adopt,
those of the Senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Frelinghuysen] or some others, and so mod-
ify the measure as to commend it to myself, I
do not know. But I beg to assure him and to
assure everybody else who feels any interest
in the question, that he does me gross injus'ice
in supposing that I am lingering over nothing
but an old feeling of caste, that there I cannot
get out of the groove. It is because I know
that if all the rights that he would give to the
colored people of the South or of the entire
nation by his amendment were granted and
offered to them, practically in the South tliey
would amount to nothing. If 1 am asked why,
I answer that if you make the distinction on
railroads, there is not one firsi-class passenger
out of fifty or one hundred who would bo col-
ored. If you go to first-class hotels, where
board is four or five dollars a day,-or even three
dollars, if the hotels were thrown open without
distinction to all classes of guests, you would
not have one colored man out of two hundred,
but you might have just enough to disgust a
class of people to whom the Senator alluded,
and who are to be found everywhere, not only
in the South but in the North, in Ihe East and
in the West, and who would make it a pretext
for abandoning a hotel, while it would do no
good to the colored guest that had gone there.
Nay, sir, in all the principal towns of the
South there is ample and good entertainment
to be found for colored people in houses kept
by colored hosts. There is no hardship on
that subject.
On the former occasion I said, in relation
to railroad accommodations, that I would give
the colored people the same that I would the
whites, without insisting that there should
be an admixture. There I stand yet. The
Senator maintained that equivalents were not
equality. There is the great point between
him and myself, I maintaining the converse
of his proposition that they are substantial
equality.
If the Senator could devise an amendment
that would secure to every colored laborer in
the South fair and just remuneration for his
toil, that would secure an honest settlement
betwoen him and every employer for whom he
labors, he would do a work for the coloied
race far superior to this mere theoretical human-
itarian project about which he seems to have
