1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T38f
done in the dry? Jf such open and barefaced
and impudent contempt for loyalty and the
Government can be practiced right under the
shadow of Washington and under a Repub-
lican administration, what would be done all
over the South by these traitors should the
Democratic party obtain control of this Gov-
ernment? And I would most fervently ap-
peal to Republicans to lay aside all petty
jealousies and differences, and unite as one
man to the rescue. By the memory of
the soldier who offered up his life upon
the altar of his beloved country; by the
memory of scores of thousands of our brave
boys who were cruelly starved to death in
southern Democratic prisons; by the memory
of the hundreds of thousands of widows and
orphans made by this Democratic rebellion ;
by the memory of the blood that flowed, and
the gigantic debt, ami by the memory of the
terrible catalogue of unnumbered woes which
this Democratic party entailed upon this fair
land, I beseech all Republicans to unite upon
the Philadelphia nominee, whoever he may
be. I tell Republicans that the Philadelphia
nominee will be elected, or the Democratic
party will elect a Democrat President. There
is, there can be no middle ground. This Cin-
cinnati convention is all a trick to play into
the hands of'the Democratic party, and honest
Republicans will not be deceived by any such
sham.
Mr. Speaker, the southern Democratic
party are as much in rebellion to-day as
ever. During this session of Congress Sena-
tor Charles Sumner received the following
letter from one of the southern States:
Charles Scmnek:
Tour infamous civil rights bill if passed will seoure
your death within six months. Beware 1
I swear your life shall be the penalty.
Tours, with supreme disgust, K. K. K.
The following extract from the Mobile Daily
Tribune shows pretty clearly what the south-
ern Democrats would do in the event of a war
with England. The editor of said Tribune is
a graduate of West Point and an ex-general in
the confederate service:
"But the modesty of our contemporary does not
stop here by a great deal. The Herald hints in no
measured terms that in the event of any difficulty
arising in consequence of the indulgence of presi-
dential rapacity in that direction, southern blood
and valor may be drawn upon to fight it out. Lay
not the flattering unction to your soul that in such
an enterprise any true southern man will raise a
finger to help. Never (if we oan have anything to
say in the matter) will a southern sword be drawn
or hand lifted to defend this nation or maintain a.
single one of its national rights, so called, so long as
we know its Government only by its hate, its cruel-
ties, and its oppressions. Wo will obey the laws;
but until we are invested with the habiliments of
peers, as men, and as States, peers of the proudest
and most favored, our swords will remain in their
scabbards and our bayonets unfixed. "We know
whereof we speak, and commend to tho considera-
tion of the Ilerald and all who think with it, tho
following extract from Scripture, and with that dis-
miss the subject:
"' Lo, thou trustestin the staff of this broken reed,
whereon, if a man lean, it will go into his haad and
pierce it.'"
And, Mr. Speaker, although the rebels have
for years and are this very day murdering and
assassinating men, women, and children all
through the South, because they were and are
loyal, and because they vote the Republican
ticket, yet the Democratic party have persist-
ently denied these things, and have persist-
ently denied that there was any such organ-
ization in the South as the Ku Klux, and
when the President became compelled for a
partial protection to the inhabitants to declare
martial law and to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus in a part of the land, the Democratic
party again, true to its disloyal instincts, sent
up the howl that the President had by so
doing "violated the Constitution."
Mr. Speaker, has the Democratic party
changed its principles since the first disloyal
gun was firi^d on Bort Sumpter? If so, I ask
again, at what time and place, in what plat-
form? From the first to the last that party
has persistently denied that there was any
such organization as the Ku Klux, and still
adhere to such denial notwithstanding that
great Democratic leader, Reverdy Johnson, at
the late trial of some of the members of this
Klan, in their defense used the following lan-
guage :
" Neither my distinguished friend, Mr. Stanbery,
nor myself are here to defend or justify or palliate
any outrages that may have been perpetrated in
your State by the association of Ku Klnx. I have
listened with horror to some of the -testimony which
has been brought before you. The outrages proved
have been shocking to humanity: they admit neither
of justification nor excuse; they violate every obli-
gation which law and nature impose upon men.
These men appear to have been alike insensible to
the obligations of humanity and religion; but the
day will come, however, if it ha3 not already arrived,
when they will deeply lament it. Even if justioe
should not overtake them, there is another tribunal
from which there is no escape. It is their own con-
science; that tribunal which sits in the breast of
every living man; that still small voice that thrills
through the heart, and as it speaks gives happiness
or torture, the voice of conscience, the voice of God.
And if it has not already spoken to them in tones
which havo waked them up to the enormity of their
conduct, I trust in the mercy of Heaven that a voice
will speak before they shall be called to the dread
tribunal to account for their transactions in this
world."
At what particular period within ten years
did , that party become loyal? Now, Mr.
Speaker, I desire that Republicans should un-
derstand one thing: that the Republican party
in the coming campaign will require all its
strength. The Republican party cannot run
two candidates for the Presidency and win.
If the convention at Cincinnati nominate a
Republican for President and the convention
at Philadelphia nominate a Republican, and
the Democratic party nominate a Democrat,
the country will be put in jeopardy. I desire
the Republican party to realize that it is as
all-important to elect a Republican President
to-day as it was in 1864, or again in 1868. It
makes no difference whether it may be Grant or
some other good, honest, and true Republican.
Mr. Speaker, there are only two roads to
the Presidency. These roads are Republican
and Democratic. Every other road is a by-way
that leads to the Democracy. The Labor-
Reform convention at Columbus and the Cin-
cinnati convention are these by-ways; and both
conventions were devised and are in the inter-
est of the great Democratic party. It is a by-
play by sore heads and by Republicans who
desire to break down the Republican party.
It is a wicked scheme of ambitious Catalines
to rule or ruin, and any Republican who in-
dorses either convention is opposed to the
Philadelphia convention; and when Judge
Davis, who was appointed by Abraham Lin-
coln one of the judges of the Supreme Court
of the United States because the judge was a
Republican, accepted of the Columbus nom-
ination he raised the club to strike down
the Republican party, and by accepting of
such nomination he abandons the Republican
party. And if tho Cincinnati convention nom-
inates Davis, and the Democratic party in-
dorses that nomination, and if Davis should
be elected President on that ticket, then he
will be the President of the Democratic party.
This. Government, Mr. Speaker, cannot be
carried on without party; and, as I have said,
if Davis becomes the nominee of these two
conventions, indorsed by the Democratic
party, then that party will run Davis. If he
unfortunately should become President, that
party will allow no divided love. They will
exact of the President all that his position on
the ticket promised. They will not abate a
hair's breadth. Therefore, I declare again
that there are but two roads to the Presidency,
and they both lead through either the Repub-
lican or the Democratic party.
Mr. Speaker, we are not worshipers of
men, but of principles. The Republican party
elected Grant in 1868, not to honor him par-
ticularly, but because the party and the country
must have his name and his services. And
this great loyal Republican party on the 5th
day of June, at Philadelphia, will again nomin-
ate General Grant if he is the most available
Republican that the party can run, and if
some other good and honest Republican shall
be found who will be more available, then he
will be nominated. It is inevitable that this
Republican party must carry on this Govern-
ment ; and if the Republican party become
and remain united, the ides of November
will usher in another glorious victory for
loyalty, and our flag of liberty will continue to
wave over the land of the free and the homo
of the brave.
Mr. STEVENSON obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. DUELL, who said: I have prepared
some remarks upon a bill introduced by rfe
some time since, to provide for the erection
of a public building at the city of Syracuse,
New York. I will not detain the House at
this late hour by delivering, but will ask leave
to have them printed in the Globe.
No objection being made, leave was ac-
cordingly granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and seven minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of soldiers
in Kansas, Illinois, Ohio, and other States,
asking Congress to enact such laws as will
pension every soldier and widow of the war
of 1812, without exception; pay $8 33J per
month bounty to those soldiers of 1861 who
never received any bounty; grant a land war-
rant as promised by the people, and as every
other Administration has done, to every soldier
of 1861 who served ninety days; and, finally,
pay the back pensions due those disabled sol-
diers whose claims for the same have been
barred by unjust laws.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The petition of C.
B. Marchant and 73 others, merchants and
ship-masters, of Edgartown, Massachusetts, in
aid of thepetitionof Jonathan Bourne, jr., and
others, praying the protection of walrus in the
Arctic sea.
Also, the memorial of Samuel B. Tuck and
17 others, merchants, of Nantucket, Massa-
chusetts, praying the enactment of a law to
provide for French spoliation claims.
Also, the petition of Dennis Wood and 92
others, merchants and ship-masters, of New
Bedford, Massachusetts, in aid of the petition
of Jonathan Bourne, jr., and others, praying
the protection of walrus in the Arctic sea.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Ira H. Wil-
liams, John A. Nutting, Guy A. Clarke, and
41 others, citizens of Onondaga county. New
York, protesting against the reduction of
duties upon foreign salt, and setting forth
that the incidental protection afforded to the
domestic manufacturers of salt during the
last ten years has furnished an article equal
to the best in the world, and at more uniform
and reasonable prices than would have ruled
had we been dependent upon foreign supplies.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 4, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. G. D. Chenoweth, of Wash-
ington.
The Journal of the proceedings of Saturday
last was read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, received from the Housa
of Representatives, were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 1238) to remove the
charge of desertion against Daniel Orner, late
private in company H, ninety-first regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers;
