1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S89
Mr. SHERMAN. What I said has been
quoted in the papers in Detroit and Chicago,
and all the western papers. Whatever change
will be made in the tariff will not take effect
before the 1st day of July next.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is all I ask. I
move the reference of the petition to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of B.
H. Randall, of Minnesota, praying to be reim-
bursed for expenses incurred by him while
under arrest, and brought from the city of St.
Paul to Washington city in 1865, which arrest
and imprisonment were illegal; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM presented three petitions of
citizens of Minnesota, praying the passage of
an act equalizing bounties by giving soldiers,
sailors, and marines who served in the war
of the rebellion $8 33J per month for the
entire time served, deducting from that sum
all bounties previously paid ; whisk were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition _ of
citizens of Arkansas, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Arkadelphia to
Magnolia, in that State, and a post office at
Rosston; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan,_ presented six
memorials of citizens of Michigan protesting
against the passage of the Chicago relief bill;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petition
of Henry Chandler and others, merchants of
Louisville, Kentucky, praying that if the bill
for the repeal of the duties on tea and coffee
should become a law, it shall not take effect
for at least ninety days after its enactment;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a memorial
of residents of Sutton, Clay county, Nebraska,
praying Congress to take such action as will
compel the Burlington and Missouri river rail-
road in Nebraska to stop at that point for mails,
passengers, and freight, so as to accommodate
the inhabitants of that district; _ which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, presented the
memorial of the mayor and board of alder-
men of the city of Galveston, Texas, praying
an appropriation for the improvement of the
harbor at that place; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the memorial
of C. C. Kromer, publisher of a newspaper
known as the Union, in the county'of Scho-
harie, State of New York. This petition re-
cites that twelve hundred of the newspapers
in the United States are printed on one -side
■ at one office and then transmitted to another
office to be mailed from there; that it is a con-
venient and good mode of issuing newspapers;
that it has been adopted since the postal laws
were fixed, and that by the decision of the
Post Office Department, the use of the mails
is denied for this purpose, they being treated
as a commodity. I move that the memorial
be referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I also present a petition
numerously signed by citizens of the State of
New York, setting forth the evil and injury
daily and hourly resulting from the uncer-
tainty touching duties upon tea and coffee,
growing out of the bill passed by the House
of Representatives, and lying here not acted
upon. They set forth that dealers in New
York, Boston, and New Orleans, for exam-
ple, have an interest contrary to that of deal-
erselsewhere; in the one case, it being desira-
ble that the diminution or dismissal of duty
should occur at once if it is to occur at aU;
and in the other case, the interest being that it
should be postponed until a day distant.
In presenting this petition, Mr. President,
I wish to say that I am very glad the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance has said
for himself what the intention of his commit-
tee is in this regard, and I venture to hope,
as I receive a great many letters and dis-
patches on this subject, such as would not
be written except they were written out of ac-
tual distress, that in, a very short time action
will be taken upon that bill, in order that
dealers may know what disposition is to be
made of it, and also the time when any change
in the law is to take effect. I ask that this
petition be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the permission of
the Senator, I will remind the Senate that this
subject is set by special order of the Senate
for Monday next, this day week, and 1 hope
the Senate will be prepared then to go on
with its consideration. I give notice again, so
that all Senators may prepare themselves ac-
cordingly, and I hope we shall then take up
the subject and dispose of it one way or the
other.
Mr. CONKLING. I concur in that hope,
and I hope that nothing, not even an appro-
priation bill, will stand in the way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The petition
will be referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also two other
similar petitions, numerously signed by citi-
zens and dealers in the State of New York,
and move that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also the memo-
rial of the Chamber of Commerce of the State
of New York in reference to the site now oc-
cupied by the New York post office; and I
wish to state very briefly the contents of this
memorial.
Years ago the Government, needing a post
office site in New York, a church on Nassau
street, near Wall street, was deemed themost
desirable property. The sum to be paid by
the Government was limited, and so limited
that it could not command those premises.
Thereupon merchants and citizens in New
York came forward and voluntarily contrib-
uted the residue to purchase the property.
From that day to this the Government has
occupied it;" but now the requirements of the
service needing more extensive premises the
post office site is about to be moved into the
Park, where it will occupy property which I
think cannot be worth less than two millions,
but which has been sold to the Government
for one fourth of that sum.
This memorial, to which is appended a list
of the contributors to the deficiency which I
first spoke of, sots forth these facts and others,
and prays that the Chamber of Commerce, a
public and most useful body, may be permitted
to purchase of the Government the poBt office
site about to be abandoned, paying the Gov-
ernment for it precisely what the Government
paid, and arguing that such a disposition would
be wholesome, and that it would be equitable,
the citizens of New York having contributed
to purchase it originally, the occupation of it
by the Government having been more than the
interest upon the outlay, so that if reimbursed
the Government can properly, as the memo-
rialists think, make a grant of it to a public
institution of this sort which has so much to
do with the best interests of the country. I
move that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a peti
tion of citizens of Maine praying that a bounty
of $8 33J per month be granted to all soldiers,
sailors, and marines who served in the war of
the rebellion, deducting all bounties already
paid them; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. _ _
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition oi
Rev. Jeremiah Moyniham, pastor of St. John s
church, New Orleans, Louisiana, _ praying
Congress to authorize and permit the importa-
tion of a set of marble altars free of duty from
Ireland into the United States ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BOREMAN presented a petition of
citizens of West Virginia, praying a change
in the homestead law so as to permit soldiers
and sailors to dispose of land or land war-
rants by settlement or otherwise; which was
referred to the Committee oh Public Lands.
transportation in bond.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Sherman", Trumbuij,, and Blair, the commit-
tee of conference on the part of the Senate,
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
1330) to amend the thirty-second section of
an act entitled " An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved July
14, 1870.
withdrawal op papers.
On motion of Mr. BOREMAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of D. W.
Dakon be taken from the flies of the Senate and
referred to the Gommittee on Pensions.
Mf. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Commit-
tee for the District .of Columbia of the House
of Representatives have sent a communica-
tion to me asking that a petition which was
presented in the Senate and referred to our
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
praying that the name of East Capitol street
be changed to Lincoln avenue, be sent to them
for their temporary use. I ask that the con-
sent of the Senate be given for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the order suggested by the Senator
from Vermont will be made. The Chair hears
no objection.
amendment of rules.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Rules,
to whom were referred several resolutions and
suggestions, have instructed me to make a
report, which I should be glad to have read,
and if there is no objection, I should like to
have the rale adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read subject to objection.
The Secretary proceeded to read as follows:
Resolved, That the standing rules of the Seaate
be amended as follows:
First. Add to the sixth rule: and all appeals
tetfcen, when *n nftdebatabie proposition is pefitfing,
shall also be {temped without debate."
Second. Add to the fifty-first rule, after the date
"July 2, 1862:" uorif applicable to the oath pre-
scribed by the act of July 11,1868."
Mr. POMEROY. That is simply requiring
that in cases where disabilities have been re-
tnoved from a person who is elected as a Sen-
ator he shall only be required to take the oath
prescribed by the act of July 11, 1868, apply-
ing to such persons.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not that the law now ?
Mr. POMEROY. It is not the rule.
Mr. CONKLING. It is the statute.
Mr. POMEROY. It is the statute, but not
the rule.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
report, as follows:
Third. Add to the forty-seventh rule: "and Glen-
eral of the Army, Admiral of the Navy, members of
the national legislatures of foreign countries, pri-
vate secretaries of Senators, duly appointed m
Writing, not chairmen of committees entitled to a
clerk."
Mr. POMEROY. That is simply an addi-
tion to the list of persons who are now enti-
tled to the privilege of the floor under the
rule. The vice President informed us that he
should enforce the rule strictly, and it was
therefore thought best to enlarge it by adding
two or three classes of persons. .
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will allow
me to remind him that the Vice President
expressed considerable doubt the other day
whether the rule as it now stands embraced
clerks of committees, saying he was not sure
they were officers of the Senate. It is possi-
ble that this language designating special sec-
retaries of Senators not chairmen of commit-
tees might be held to work an exclusion or to
