1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
the contributions of " protection," and she is
indebted to that policy for her present prop-
erty, estimated at $4,000,000,000, and for an
unknown sum used by her people since pro-
tection began. In the beginning she was poor.
She said she could not live without " protec-
tion;" she has had it, she is now superabun-
dantly rich. Is she not then indebted r,o protec-
tion for what she has? She would be ungrateful
to deny her obligations.
And unless excited in argument "protection-
ists" admit the great advantages which pro-
tected interests have had, and even attribute to
this cause development which is due rather to
relaxation of the policy of restriction than to its
enforcement. Considering Pennsylvania as an
example, can we suppose that she would have
prospered as she has if she had not enjoyed
unrestricted trade with her sister States of
the Union and freedom to export her sur-
plus productions? Protection has kept com-
peting articles not only out of Pennsylvania,
but out of the Union, or raised their prices,
while her protected products have been free
not only in Pennsylvania, but in all the
States. Thus she has enjoyed the advantages
of both systems, and probably her prosperity
is due to each about equally. We have an
example of the benefits of unrestricted com-
merce within the Union in the State of New
York, which, though pampered by tariff's in
the purchase of foreign articles, has had the
privilege of selling freely to all parts of the
Union; and the result is the accumulation of
great wealth. We cannot admit that the pros-
perity of any State, even Pennsylvania, is due
to protection alone. It is probable that not
more tban half her present wealth, say $2,000,-
000,000, comes from that source. If she would
pay the national debt the account would be
about square.
But if we accept the claim of "protection" as
the giver of wealth, and begin to cast accounts
with favored interests and States to see what
they have gained by the policy, its advocates
turn about and indignantly deny that it in-
creases the price of protected articles, and
denounce those who assert or assume the fact.
If the opposite theory be true, then how can
the reduction or the repeal of duties on imports
injure domestic manufactures ? And why do
manufacturers come to Congress on every
rumor of a change of duties? What fills our
committee-rooms and lobbies and this Hall
with interested men? What prevents ourpro-
ceeding at once to adjust the tariff to a revenue
standard? If duties do not aid the American
producer, surely we should consult the wishes
of consumers and the interests of the Treasury.
It is evident and confessed by act, if not by
word, that" protection " does increase prices,
and thereby enhances the profits of manufac-
turers, and that is why producers ask for duties
on competing articles. If it were not so they
would not trouble us, nor vex our committee.
If it were true, as some of their advocates
assert, that" protection'' cheapened commodi-
ties, the manufacturer would be found on the
other side of the question. Indeed, when the
proposition is to reduce or raise the duty on
raw material, or machinery used by manufac-
turers, we find those who use the article asking
reduction of duty; and if they do not succeed,
then they insist that the duty on the material
should be added to that on the completed pro-
duct ; and we recognize the justice of this claim.
But why argue a question so plain? It must
be admitted that the tendency and usual effect
of a duty on an article of import is to increase
the market price of the article, and of its
equivalents, by the amount of the duty. And
in a healthy condition of trade, in which the
foreign producer, the carrier, the importer,
and the merchant all make fair profits, this
must be the result. Of course there are fluc-
tuations of market values by which prices rise
and fall, so that whoever happens to hold an
article for sale may lose or gain by it. -If he
lose, theu he pays a part or all the duty ; if he
gain, then the purchaser pays it, and so on to
the consumer, who is the last purchaser. A
duty may be so high as to take away part or
all of the profits; that discourages its import-
ation, and may check its production abroad,
and thus raise the price, by diminishing the sup-
ply. The duty may be so high as to exclude
the article entirely. This is "prohibition,"
and gives the domestic producer the monopoly
of the home market, and prevents revenue.
To confirm the truth that the duty tends to
increase the cost of the imported article and
its domestic equivalent by the amount im-
posed, let any one go to New York city and
enter the market. He will find iron, salt,
woolens, linens, cottons, silks, laces, dia-
monds, sugars, wines, and all other articles of
import for sale, either free or in bond, and
that in bond will be offered him for about the
price of the same or equivalent article free,
less the duty. Here is a statement as to
salt:
Price of salt in New York. April 27, 1872.
i'F American salt, per sack of 240 lbs.
(currency) 
IT foreign salt, in bond, por sack
of 240 lbs. (currency)   $1 50
Duty at 24e. (gold) per 100 lbs  57 3-5
Premium on gold, at 11 per cent... 6 1-5
Total currency cost of foreign salt  2 13 4-5
Why is the duty on salt remitted to fisher-
men? Why can we buy salt, coal, lumber,
iron, textile fabrics, and other articles in the
British provinces over the line cheaper by the
duty than on this side? Why do we remit the
duties on foreign materials used in articles of
domestic manufacture exported? Why do
shipbuilders'ask us to remit the duty on im-
ported materials to build American ships?
Why has that measure been proposed, and why
do protectionists resist it? Why did Congress
pass the bill for the relief of Chicago,remitting
the duties on building material? And why
did the Michigan lumber dealers oppose that
measure, and prevent its passage until lumber
was excepted, and then assist in passing it?
Why did Congress pass a similar act, including
lumber for the relief of Portland, Maine?
The obvious answer to all these questions is,
because duties increase prices.
HOME COMPETITION.
Protection may and often does operate in
the long run to produce more abundant sup-
plies by enhancing prices and encouraging
domestic competition, which by taking the
place of foreign competition reduces prices
again, and thus restores the natural level of
values. This is the check on protection with-
out which it would become intolerable, the
cure time brings for temporary evils, enabling
nature to reassert her sovereignty. It limits
the powers of monopoly over the markets for
products, the supply of which is easily and
rapidly increased up to or beyond the demand,
as common wool, which can be produced in
this country so widely, generally, rapidly, and
cheaply, that every attempt to " protect" it
by duties on imports has failed, and no tariff
has had enduring power to uphold the market.
On the other hand, if an article cannot be
generally, readily, and rapidly produced, either
because the material is limited, or because
it requires heavy capital, or great skill and
knowledge, or if the demand increases more
rapidly than the supply, in these cases the
producer may gain great advantages by tariffs,
which give long-lived monopolies. Thus we
have seen saltinakers controlling the fountains
of saline waters, combining to raise the price,
make inordinate profits, which they are now
anxious to continue; and iron smelters get-
ting greater gains to add to fabulous fortunes
accumulated during the war; and textile manu-
facturers amassing immense riches, which they
seem willingto increase at thegeneral expense.
It is not my purpose to deny that reasonable
encouragement to domestic manufactures is a
means of growth and development, or that, to
the extent of relieving us of dependence oa
foreign producers for articles of necessity and
comfort, such encouragement should be ex-
tended and maintained. We should by no
means establish or tolerate foreign monopoly
of our markets. We should tolerate no monop-
oly, foreign or domestic. Yet the policy of
keeping out foreign products may easily be
carried too far.
EXCHANGE.
The notion that every one who sends or
brings commodities into the country injures
us is antiquated and absui'd. He may be
doing us great service. If the article be
good, we need it, and the price be reason-
able we are benefited.
If in return we send abroad what we do not
need but our neighbors want, both are bene-
fited. Exchange of surplus products is not
hostile or injurious, it is friendly and mutually
beneficial. The theory that no nation can
gain by exchange except what another loses is
a relic of the barbarous days when all naiions
regarded each other as enemies. Nations are
natural neighbors and friends, and the best
and easiest way to command prosperity and
happiness is for all to develop their own re-
sources, and exchange their surplus products on
reasonable terms. Thus all the energies and
productions of each may be utilised and turned
to common account. If one has more bread-
stuffs than her people want, and another has
more iron than her people need, exchange on
fair terms does not injure either but benefits
both. If not exchanged the iron would lie
useless and rust while the grain would molder
and rot. The principle does not differ from
that practiced by two neighboring farmers.
If one has more fruit and the other more veg-
etables than he can use, an exchange is a
mutual kindness and advantage, and there is
no occasion for either to defraud the other.
Of course nations will sometimes take advan-
tage of circumstances to wrong each other in
commerce, as individuals seek to overreach
each other in trade ; but with nations, as with
men, fair dealing at reasonable prices is best
for all.
THE GROWTH OV NATIONS.
The advocates of the exclusive policy are
apt to claim for their system what is due to
other causes. They see a prosperous nation
which has adopted and long enforced a meas-
ure of protection, (and indeed all nations have
done so,) and they hastily conclude that pro-
tection must be the cause of prosperity. They
forget that thegeneral growth of modern nations
which has been so rapid during this century
has been accompanied by a gradual relaxation
of restrictions on commerce, and by ever-in-
creasing and more unshackled intercourse.
We do not, attribute this prosperity exclusively
to commerce; that would be to err on the
other side. We must look for deeper and
stronger causes than either the prohibitory or
the liberal policy to account for the wonderful
development of the nations, especially of
Europe and America.
The following statement shows the increase
of population in Europe: population of Ku-
rope in 1787 is said to have been 144,000,000 ;
at the peace of 1815, 180,000,000; in 1833,
(accordiiigto Balbi'sestimate,) '227,000,000; in
1854, (Encyclopedia Britannica,) 259,000,000;
in 1870, (Almanach deGolha,) 300,000,000.
We know the rapid increase of our o#n
coun'try from 8,000,000 to 40,000,000 people.
The increase of the wealth of Europe aud
America has been as rapid and wonderful aa
that of population. The causes have been
chiefly those discoveries and inventions which
