1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
3181
: message recommended to Congress that they
carry out what has been supposed to be the
policy of the party. I will read what the
President said in that message on this subject:
"More than six years having elapsed since the
' last hostile gun was fired between the armies then
arrayed agfiinst. each other, one for the perpetua-
tion, the other for the destruction of the Union, it
may well be considered whether it is not now time
! that the disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
' amendment should be removed. That amendment
d^es not exclude the ballot, but only imposes the
disability to hold offices.upon certain classes. When
the purity of the ballot is secure, majorities are sure
to elect officers reflecting the views of the majority.
I do not see the advantage or propriety of excluding
men from office merely because they were, before
the rebellion, of standing and character sufficient to
be elected to positions requiring th em to take oaths
to support the Constitution, and admitting to eligi-
bility those entertaining precisely the same views,
butof less standing in their communities. It may
be said that the former violated an oath, while the
latter did not. The latter did not have it in their
power to do so. If they had taken this oath, itcan-
not be doubted they would have broken it as did
the lormer class. If there are any great criminals,
distinguished above all othersforthe part they took
in opposition to the Government, they might, in the
judgment of Congress, be excluded from such an
amnesty."
Then follows this sentence to call the atten-
tion of Congress particularly to this subject—
"This subject is submitted for your careful con-
sideration."
This is what the President said to us at the
beginning of the present session ; and, sir, in
accordance with what seemed to be the policy
of the party, in accordance with the recom-
mendation of the President of the United
States carrying out that policy of the party, I
■ think now it is proper to pass some bill on this
subject, but, as the President says, not a bill
for universal amnesty. The greater offenders
against the laws and the Constitution of the
country may well be excepted, and I think
should be excepted, for I have no hesitation
iu saying that I will not vote for universal
amnesty. I thick it well to say that I do not
vote for this bill as a matter of magnanimity,
nor do I vote for it for the reason the Senator
from Massachusetts not now in his seat [Mr.
Wilson] some weeks since gave forsupporting
a similar bill, that he voted lor it on the ground
of mercy. Nor do I vote for it as a matter of
right due to those who are about to be relieved.
Notatall. But with me (although it seems to
be treated very lightly by those who havehereto-
fore discussed this subject) it is simply a ques-
tion of policy and expediency, not a question
of right, not a right that these men can demand
at our hands, but a matter of policy and expe-
diency for the purpose of quieting the country,
and of bringing about a better state of feeling;
to bring about a state of homogeneity, it I may
so speak, in the political and civil relations of
these people to the Government. In that
view, 1 think it is right and proper now that
the people of this country shall be put upon
an equal footing in relation to these different
offices; not that I abate one jot or tittle of my
condemnation of the great offense these men
committed against the country, against the
Constitution and laws of the country, and
against the civilization of the age. But, sir,
the war has passed; years have gone by; and
it seems to me now as a matter of good policy,
as a matter of propiiety and expediency, that
these disabilities, so far as the great mass
of these people are concerned, should be
removed ; that the sources of irritation that
exist should be removed, and that the people
of the southern States should select their offi-
cers from those in whom they wish to confide.
_ Many of the persons who are laboring under
disabilities are guilty of great indiscretion,
even up to this time. There is 110 question
about that; and if we allowed such considera-
tions^ control, it may be that we should pass
no bill of a general character. But., sir, we
must look beyond that; we must look to the
peace, quiet, and harmony of the country.
Not as being an enthusiastic advocate of
amnesty, for I make no such pretension, but
for the reasons 1 have stated, I expect to vote
for this bill. I should like to see it put on its
passage as it came from the House, as it is a
House bill, without subjecting it to any mate-
rial amendment, without having it encumbered
with amendments that may endanger or ob-
struct its passage, or prevent us from carrying
out the spirit of the measure as it is now
before us.
This, I believe, sir, is all I have to say on
this subject at this time.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have no
desire to discuss the general question of am-
nesty, nor to discuss any other question ; but
as I am about to make a motion I shall state
in one word why I do it.
I propose to move to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert what is generally
known as the civil rights bill, being the bill
on which the Senate has already voted several
times, and which, as is known, is now pending
in the other House, but owing to the rules of
the House no decision upon it there has yet
been reached. I shall take the form of the
bill which is now pending in the other House,
which in substance and almost precisely in
language is that on which the Senate acted.
There are one or two verbal changes, but not
important in principle or in any way affecting
any principle of the bill.
I do this, sir, intending to follow it up by a
second motion to strike out the enacting clause,
which requires a two-thirds vote, and insert the
ordinary enacting clause ; and then, in the third
place, to'strike out the title and to insert the
title of the civil rights bill.
I do this as a practical way of giving to our
friends in the other House an opportunity of
acting on the civil rights bill wneu they shall
be on an equality with those in this Chamber
who are in favor of amnesty.
As is weil known, the amnesty bill has
already passed the other House and only waits
a vote in this Chamber, with the signature of
the President, to be a law. My anxiety is that
the civil rights bill shall, so far as possible, be
in the same situation, that it should pass the
Senate, and I hope then that it will pass the
other House, and I cannot doubt that it will
receive the signature of the President.
With this brief explanation, and without
one word of argument, content as I am with
what has been said already during this session,
I send to the Chair the substitute which I ask
to have come in after the enacting clause.
Mr. MORTON. Before the question is
taken on that, is it in order to perfect a sec-
tion in the bill proposed to be stiioken out?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Then I offer an amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The substitute
will first be reported.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I wish to
make a point of order, and the point of order
is that the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts is out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not entertain that point until the amendment
is read. The Chair does not know yet what
it is.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Sumner, which was to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill, and in lieu
thereof to insert the following :
Sec. —. That no citizen of the United States shall,
by reason of race, color, or previous condition ol
servitude, be excepted or excluded from the full and
equal enjoyment of any accommodation, advan-
tage, facility, or privilege furnished by innkeepers;
bycommon carriers, whether on land or water; by
licensed owners, managers, or lessees of theateis or
other places of public amusement; by trustees, com-
missioners, superintendents, teachers, and other
oliicers of common schools and other public institu-
tions of learning, the same being supported by
moneys derived from general taxation, or author-
ized bylaw; by trustees and ofiiceis of cemetery
associations and benevolent msuumons incorpor-
ated by national or State authority. liut private
schools, cemeteries, and institutions of learning
established exclusively tor white or colored persons,
and maintained respectively by voluntary contribu-
tions, shall remain according to the terms of the
original establishment.
See. . That any person violating any of the pro-
visions of the foregoing section, or aiding in their
violation, or inciting thereto, shall, for every such
offense, forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to the per-
son aggrieved thereby, to be recovered in an action
on the case, with full costs, and shall also, for every
such offense, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not less
than $500 nor more than $1,00,), or shall be impris-
oned not less than thirty days nor more than one
year: Provided, That the party aggrieved shall not
recover more than one penalty; and when the
offense is a refusal of burial, the penalty may be
recovered by the heirs at law of the person whose
body has been refused burial.
Sec.—. That the same jurisdiction and powers are
hereby conferred and the same duties enjoined upon
the courts and officers of the United States in the
execution of this act as are conferred and enjoined
upon such courts and officers in sections three, four,
five, seven, and ten of an act entitled "An act to
protect all personam the United States in their civil
rights, and to furnish the means of their vindica-
tion," passed April 9,1866, and these sections are
hereby made a part of this act; and any of the afore-
said officers failing to institute and prosecute such
proceedings herein required shall, for every such
offense, forfeit and pay the sum of 4500 to the person
aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by an action on
the case, with full costs, and shall, on conviction
thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
be fined not less than $1,000 nor more than §5,01)0. '
Sec. —. That no citizen possessing all other quali-
fications which are or may be prescribed by law
shall be disqualified for service as juror in any
court, national or State, by reason of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude; and any officer or
other persons charged with any duty m the selection
or summoning of jurors who shall exclude or fail to
summon any citizen for the reason above named
shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor and be fined not less than $1,000 nor
more than $.3,000.
.Sec. —. That every discrimination against any
citizen on account of color by the use of the word
"white," or any other term in any law. statute,
ordinance, or regulation, is hereby repealed and
annulled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut makes a point of order that
this is not, under the usage of the Senate, an
amendment which the Presiding Officer can
entertain. The Chair would like to hear the
Senator on the point of order.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. I wish to
make a remark in the first place as to my rea-
son for raising this point of order. It wjis
made on a former occasion, and decided by a
very small vote of the Senate. That, I think,
is the only occasion upon which the point has
been raised. It is a matter that may be of
grave consequence in the future, and I think
it should be determined upon somewhat more
deliberation than it was on the former occa-
sion by the action of the Senate itself.
It is obvious that if an amendment requir-
ing a mere majority to attach it to the bill can
be attached to a bill requiting a two-thirds
vote, so that the whole bill as amended would
have to be passed by a two-thirds vote, this
mode of attaching such an amendment could
be effectually employed to destioy all chance
ofthe passage of such an original bill; because
every such amendment would require for its
final passage the two-thirds vote required by
the original bill. It seems to me, therefore,
that the intent of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution or of the Legislature in
reference to any act that may require a two-
thirds vote may be at all times entirely frus-
trated by this species of parliamentary ma-
chinery, attaching to the bill, by a simple
majority, an amendment which is incapable,
under the circumstances in which the Senate
is placed, of obtaining a two-thirds vote ; and,
therefore, where the question is so nearly new
as this, the most appropriate and the wisest
decision to make upon the point of order
raised would be to decide that such an amend-
ment cannot be received to be attached to the
original bill.
Mr. PO.MEROY. The Senator does not
make his point of order under any particular
rule of the Senate or under any particular
provision of the Manual, I think, but only
oil the common law practice of deliberative
bodies. I do not care to discuss the question ;
I only want to say that under our rules all
amendments to treaties or anything that re-
quires a two-thirds vote, anything short of the
