1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2285
after street dug up, hills cut down and valleys
tilled up, it does seem to me that for the sake
of a contract they would dig down the Mount
of Olives and fill up the valley of Jehoshaphat.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. STEWART. I do not rise to object to
filling up the valley of Jehoshaphat. I have
no objection to tilling that up if the city is dis-
posed to do it, or to filling up the canal down
here. I merely wish to suggest, after hear-
ing this eulogy of Washington, that the great
objection to Washington has been the want
of communication to it. It has cost the Gov-
ernment more, and created .more dissatisfac-
tion on account of the want of railroad com-
munication than all else. It has even created
the feeling that made people talk aboutremo'v-
ing the capital. That seemed to the great
majority of people as insane talk, but it never
would have been talked about if it had fair
railroad facilities. Here is a railroad that
proposes to come in. I do not propose to
attack the railroad or to make an opposition
to a fair chance to a railroad coming in. I do
not see that there is any particular occasion
to make a speech against any paiticular rail-
road ; but one thing we want in this city if it
is to be a capital: we want railroads ; we want
to get to it. That isabout as important as any
other consideration in regard to the capital.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. The half hour is out now.
[" Vote!" "Vote!"] I have no objection to
a vote.
Mr. HAMLIN. I only rose to express the
hope that the Senate would vote, and not dis-
cuss the merits of the question, which is alto-
gether out of order on this motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The thirty
minutes have expired; but if there be no objec-
tion the vote will be taken.
Mr. MORTON. What is the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont to the motion which
was made to refer this bill to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, the amendment
being to strike out "Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia" and insert "Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On thatl ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr OSBO RN. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Maryland, Mr. Vickbrs.
He would vote "yea" if here, and I should
vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 38 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Buckingham, Cole, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood,
Sautsbury, Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Xburman,
and Trumbull—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Carpenter,Casserly,Chandler, Clay ton.Cragin.
Sorry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Hill. Hitchcock. Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly,
Logan, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Scott, Sherman, Spencer,
Stewart. Stockton, Tipton, West, Wilson. Windom,
and Wright—38.
AJ3SUNX—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Browniow, Conkling, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky,
Fenton, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Harlan, Lewis,
Osborn, Rice. Sawyer, Sumner, and Viekers—17.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs oil the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 838.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts that he allow from now to
two o'clock for morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio will be acquiesced in. The Chair will
therefore receive petitions and memorials.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Coleman Bohannon, a loyal citizen of Ala-
bama, praying to be indemnified for thirty-two
bales of cotton wrongfully seized and taken
from him and appropriated by the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. THURMAN presented two petitions
of citizensof Ohio, late soldiers of the United
States, praying for an equalization of boun-
ties and for bounty land, without the require-
ment of settlement -and cultivation; which
were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. CRAGIN presented two petitions of
citizens of the United States, praying that the
A. B. Wilson's patents for sewing-machines
may not be extended ; which were referred to
the Committee on Patents.
He also presented a memorial of the Uni-
ted States and Brazil Mail Steamship Com-
pany, asking increased mail steamship service
between the United States and Brazil ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
a petition of ship-owners and others, praying
the passage of an act creating a board of ship-
ping commissioners for the merchant marine ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of Am-
brose N. Dunn, praying compensation for
timber taken to build defenses; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ALCORN presented the petition of
Partain Burgess, of Iuka, Mississippi, praying
the removal of his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of
M. G. L. Claiborne, praying compensation for
property used by the Army, and for property
destroyed as a miltary necessity; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a peiition of citi-
zens of St. Louis, Missouri, praying that a
survey of the Mississippi river be ordered
between that city and Cairo; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
soldiers of the late war, praying an increase
of pension to those who are permanently dis-
abled by loss of limhs or of both eyes ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, soldiers of the late war, praying for
the equalization of bounties; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Spencc,
pravms compensation for property taken and used
by the Army of the United States in tile years 1862
and 1863, be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTERS.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
936) relinquishing certain wharf property to
the city of New Orleans, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Appropriations, to whom was referred the
memorial of William Wheeler Hubbell, of
Pennsylvania, praying an appropriation to
satisfy the unpaid balance of the verdict ren-
dered in his i'avor under the joint resolution
of Congress, approved June 3, 1864, for the
use of several million of his patent fuses for
explosive shells by the Army and Navy of the
United States, and the transfer of his patents
to the United States in pursuauce of said joint
resolution, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
881) to provide for the abatement or repay-
ment of taxes on distilled spirits in bond de-
stroyed by casualty, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, reported a bill (S. No. 944)
to provide for the claims of the Pottawat.tomie
Indians residing in Michigan and Indiana;
which was read and passed to the second read-
ing, and he submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 886) to incorporate the New Mexico
Central Railroad Company, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 887) to authorize
the building of the New Mexico and Gulf rail-
way, and for other purposes, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 162) to
refund certain moneys now standing to the
credit of the Navy pension fund, reported it
with an amendment, and he submitted a report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1720) to confirm the title of John
Boyer to certain lands therein described, have
directed me to report it favorably. I will state
that this bill is simply to correct an error, and
the passage of the bill is recommended in a
letter accompanying it from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office. I ask that it be
put on its passage at once.
Mr. WILSON. I do not want anything of
that kind to be done this morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be placed on the Calendar.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 945) for the removal of the political disa-
bilities of Levi S. Russell, of Savannah, Geor-
gia: which was read twice by its title, referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities, and ordered to be printed.
liEUBEN B. HATCH.
Mr. LOGAN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
jResolved, That the Secretary be directed to return
to the Secretary of the Treasury the papers in the
case of Reuben J3. Hatch, formerly assistant quarter-
master, they having been examined, in accordance
with a resolution of the Senate of Match 28, 1872.
DCLUTII IIAliBOR.
Mr. WINDOM submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unauiuious
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate such information as
may be in possession of the War Department re-
specting the canal and dike at Duluth, Minnesota,
and their effect upon the harbor of Superior, Wis-
consin.
ENLISTMENT OF MINORS
Mr. WILSON. The mornins; business being
over now, I move to take up House bill No.
838.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 838) to provide
that minors shall not be enlisted in the mili-
tary service of the United States without the
consent of parents or guardians. It provides
that no person under the age of twenty-one
years shall be enlisted or mustered into the
military service of the United States without
the consent of his parents or guardians, if
such minor shall have parents or guardians
entitled to his custody and control. In case
any officer knowingly violates the provisions
of the act by the enlistment or muster of
a minor, he shall be liable to be arrested and
tried by a court-martial, and, upon eonviction,
shall be dismissed from the service, or sutler
