1390
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
add to the doubt under which before clerks of
committees might have been excluded. I sug-
gest to the Senator whether he had not better
say in addition " and clerks of committees,"
so as to avoid any doubt.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that report had
better be printed,and go over. I do not know
that I have any objection to it; but I want to
see the precise effect of it.
Mr. POMEROY. Let them all be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. ' I think we ought not to act
on a rule without seeing it in print.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Were they all read?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They were
read. The report will lie over, and be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution submitted by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] have
directed me to report it back and recommend
its passage, with an amendment. I ask for its
present consideration.
The resolution was read as follows:
Meaolved, ThatRule24 is hereby amended by add-
ing thereto the following: "Petitions and memo-
rials, other than the memorials of a State Legis-
lature, shall be presented to the Secretary, and shall
be entered on the Journal and referred or laid on
the table, as the Senator presenting them may re-
(|U68t
Mr. TRUMBULL. That hacl better be
printed along with the rest7 and then we can
see all these changes to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. That last is a very import-
ant change in the rules of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think well, probably,
of the suggestion, but I should like to see them
all in print
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will be printed, and lie over.
nkw land district in nevada.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 486) to create an additional land dis-
trict in the Stat# of Nevada, have directed me
to report it back without amendment and to
recommend its passage. The bill was con-
sidered by the committee several weeks ago,
but I overlooked it and neglected to report it.
Mr. NYE. I should like to have the bill
acted upon now.
Mr. POMEROY. It simply creates an
additional laud district in Nevada. It has
passed the House, and I neglected to report it
after the committee agreed upon it several
weeks ago.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee ofthe Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to constitute all that portion
of the State of Nevada embraced in the follow-
ing-described limits, to wit, commencing at
the corner common to townships twenty-four
and twenty-five north, range forty-four and
forty-five east, Mount Diablo base and me-
ridian ; thence running due east to the eastern
boundary line of the State of Nevada; thence
north on the eastern boundary of the State to
the north boundary of the State; thence west
on the north boundary of the State to the
eastern boundary of the Carson land district;
thence south along the eastern boundary of
the Carson laud district to the place of begin-
ning, a separate land district, to be called the
Elko land district, the office of which is to be
located at Elko; in Elko county, State of Ne-
vada, which location may be changed by the
President of the United States from time
to time, as the public interest may require.
The President is to appoint, by and witfi the
advice and consent of the Senate, or in the
recess of the Senate, a register and a receiver
of public moneys for the district; and those
officers are to reside in the place where the
land office i3 located, and have the same pow-
ers and receive the same emoluments as the
same officers now receive in the other land
districts in the State.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
order of business.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have here a bill of the
same character precisely, which has passed
the House and was reported by the Committee
on Public Lands some time since, and I hope
it will be taken up. It is House bill No. 1324.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Are reports
of committees in order?.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They are
first in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. Allow me to get up this
bill, and then I will give way for morning busi-
Tlie PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont rises to make a report,
which is in the nature of an objection.
reports of committees.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom were referred various petitions and res-
olutions of citizens of Albany, New York, in
relation to the erection of a public building in
that city, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, the committee having
acted on the subject; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 651) to change
the name of East Capitol street, in the city of
Washington, to Lincoln avenue, and to pro-
vide for the improvement of the same, together
with a petition on the same subject, reported
adversely thereon, and moved their indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referredthe letter of Henry R. de la Rein-
trie, submitting a proposition to ventilate the
Senate Chamber, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 664) to provide
for the erection of a public building at Keo-
kuk, Iowa, for the use of the United States
courts and Government offices, reported it
adversely, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 709) making an
appropriation for the erection of a custom-
house and post office at Shreveport, Louisiana,
reported it adversely, and moved its indefinite
postponement,; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S, No. 363) to provide
for a building suitable for a post office, for the
accommodation of the revenue officers, and
the United States courts and their officers, in
the city of Parkersburg, West Virginia, re-
ported it adversely, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 376) to provide
for _a building for the use of the post office,
United States circuit and district courts, and
internal revenue offices, at Utica, New York,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Utica,
New York, praying an appropriation for build-
ing a post office and United States court-
room in that city, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 382) to provide
for a building for the use of the Federal courts,
post office, internal revenue, and other civil
offices, in the city of Little Rock, Arkansas,
reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 467) to provide
for the erection of a building suitable for the
use of the United States courts, post office,
and other necessary Government offices, at
Raleigh, North Carolina, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution of the board of
supervisors of Monroe county, New York, I
favoring the erection of certain Government
buildings at Rochester, in that State, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
sites tor public buildings.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom were referred petitions of citizens of
California, and various memorials from the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, the attorneys-at-
law at Harrisburg, and citizens of the city of
Harrisburg, in relation to public buildings in
that city, have instructed me to report a bill
_(S. No. 745) relatingto a site for public build-
ings in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and Sacra-
mento, California.
The biU was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr, COLE. I think that bill might be put
on its passage now. It merely asks for inform-
ation, I believe.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It merely
asks that the Secretary shall examine and
report what a site can be procured for at Sacra-
mento and at Harrisburg. They are capitals
of States, and on the principle on which the
committee have acted, that as soon as may be
a reasonable number of public buildings should
be put up at the capitals of States, this bill
merely provides for an examination, without
any expense, as to what the cost will be at
these respective capitals.
Mr. RAMSEY. Senators probably are not
aware that I have been trying for some time to
get up a bill.
Mr. COLE. This will take but a moment.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read the
second time and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to make an examination and re-
port to Congress of the terms upon which suit-
able sites can be obtained for the erection of
any needed public buildings at Harrisburg,
Pennsylvania, and Sacramento, California.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 746) granting a pension to
the widow of the late Admiral Farragut; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 747) for the relief of B. H. Randall; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. <
No. 748) to grant the right of way only for a
railroad from Tualatin valley to Tillamook bay,
in Oregon ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersou, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1759) to relieve certain persons therein named
from the legal and political disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes, in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
The bill was read twice by its title, and
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
new land district in minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Chair has probably
forgotten that some time ago I asked the Sen-
ate to consider House bill No. 1324, being of
the same character with a bill which had just
then passed the Senate. I hope it will now be
taken up.
