3182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
final vote is carried by a majority; and this
would come under that general provision that
any amendment to a bill or treaty that requires
a two-tkirds vote to pass it can be placed upon
it by a majority. That is clearly established.
A two-thirds bill can read three times by a
majority vote, but 011 its final passage it re-
quires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. CONKLING. Lest somebody may fol-
low my friend, I should like to inquire wheilier
the point of order is debatable before the de-
cision has been made 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
Chair was about to decide it, but disliked to
ask Senators to stop 
Mr. CONKLING. Can I relieve the Chair
from that unpleasant necessity by expressing
the hope that my friend will not debate the
point of order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sired the Senator from Connecticut who pre-
sented the point to explain it, so that it should
formally come before the Senate and be re-
corded in its proceedings.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 only desired to say a
word, as the Senator from Connecticut did.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
notified that the point of order would be made
on this proposed amendment, and that is the
reason why the authorities are upon his table
now. The Chair may say, in reply to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Connecticut,, by
which he enforces this point of order, that
constitutional law and parliamentary law are
often quite different. The Chair will not state
what his own opinions would be if he were a
voter upon the bill presented 'by the Senator
from West Virginia, though they are probably
known to the Senate; but the Chair decides
this question solely upon the parliamentary
law applicable in this body; ami upon that,
although the decision may appear strange to
the Senator Irom Connecticut and to other
Senators, there appears to the mind of the
Chair to be no question whatever. The Chair
would like to have Senators follow him as he
rends from the Manual. On page the
thirty-lifth section of .Jefferson's Manual de-
clares:
" Amendments in ay bo in ado t;o as totally to ultor
tlio nature of tho proposition ; and it is a way of pot-
ting rid of a proposition, b.v making it boar a senso
ditl'oront from what it was intended by the movers,
bo llmt they votu against it themselves. (2 Hats., 79.
4, 82, 8-1.) A now bill may ho ingrafted, by way of
timondinout, on tho words ' JJo it onuctod.'" (1 Grey,
100,10a.)
Which assimilates to tho proposition made
to-day. Now, tho Chair desires to add to this
that by tho parliamentary law as practiced in
tho House of Representatives, which is the
parliamentary law as generally understood by
Legislatures and parliamentary bodies in tho
United States, this amendment would bo to-
tally out of order. The Chair will read from
Cushing's Manual, because that is even bet-
ter authority than to read from the rules of
the House, in reference to the rule of the
House of Representatives which absolutely
forbids an amendment of this kind in that
House ; Cusliing, paragraph thirteen hundred
and sixty-six, says:
"This rule, adopted in March, 1822, reaffirmed by
every succeeding Congress, .and extensively adopted
in other legislative assemblies, is as follows: ' No
motion or proposition on a subject different from
that under consideration shall bo admitted under
color of amendment.'"
But the Senate have refused always to adopt
any such rule. They have neither adopted
it as a_ rule nor as usage and practice, and
the Chair, in confirmation of that, will read
further from Cushing's Manual, paragraph
thirteen hundred and sixty-three:
The inconsistency of a proposed amendment
with the proposition to be amended, either in idea
or in words, is, as has already been seen, no objec-
tion to it in a parliamentary souse, or as a matter
of order."
It would be in the House of Representatives
because they have a specific rule to that effect;
but it is no objection to it in a parliamentary
sense that it is inconsistent with the proposi-
tion to be amended.
" And it is ordinarily no objection to a proposed
amendment that it is inconsistent with the meas-
ure to be amended. This is very commonly, though
not universally, the case in the American legisla-
tive assemblies; as, for example, in the House of
Representatives, but not in the Senate, of the Uni-
ted States. "
Cushing draws the clear distinction which
the Chair has made between the specific rule
forbidding amendments of this kind in the
other House and the absence of it and the
uniform practice to the contrary in the Sen-
ate. The Chair,' however, does not rest his
decision upon that, but lie has gone back to
the authority of Mr. Vice President Dallas
when a matter of a great deal of excitement
was pending in this very body in 1849. The
Army appropriation bill was pending in the
Senate, and Mr. Baldwin, of Connecticut, one
of the predecessors of the Senator who makes
this point of order, moved to add to the
appropriation bill:
And be it further enacted. That tho inhabitants
of tho Territories of New Mexico and Oalitornia
respectively shall bo entitled to the benefits of the
writ of habeas cnrpui in all eases of unlawful deten-
tion or restraint," &c.
The Chair need not read tlie whole of it. .
''Mr. Yulkk. This I understand to bo an appro-
priation bill for tho support of tho Army, and tho
Sonator moves ail amendment in relation to tho
government of tho peoplo of California. I can con-
ceive of no two subjects more dissimilar."
Which seems to be like the present case.
"Tho l'UKSiniNO Oi'FiCEit. Tho rule in'thelfouso
of Representatives is not to admit amendments
incongruous to the subject-matter of tho bill. There
is, liowover, no such rulo here."
After debate this amendment, which was
distasteful to a majority of the Senate, but was
ruled in by tho Presiding Officer because, he
said, there was no rule forbidding it as there
would be in the House, was rejected by nearly
two to one, by a voteol'27 to 17, showing that
the amendment was rejected in spirit and in
its terms by nearly two thirds of the Senate ;
and yet in accoidance with the rule pievail-
ing here it. was admitted. Among the Sen-
ators then present iu the Senate, none of
whom appealed or questioned the opinion of
the Chair thus positively stated, were Mr.
Corwin, Mr. John Davis, Mr. William L. Day-
ton, Mr. Hamlin, Mr. Daniel Webster, Mr.
Benton, Mr. Berrien, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Roveidy
Johnson, Mr. Maugum, and others.
The Chair could read from Hatsell, but he
does not desire to weary the Senate ; hut he will
read one precedent from page 84 of the second
volume of Hatsell, which is the standard
authority in Great Britain, and also here, in
regard to parliamentary law generally, where
there is no restrictive rule :
"Tlio other raodo of avoiding a quostion is by
altering it by amendments till it boars a sonso dif-
ferent from what was intended by tho proposers.
This perhaps is not quito fair, but has been often
done, and the instaneo minting to the Diiko d'Arem-
bcrf?, <>t tho 10th ol A pi il, J7-11, is a. very lomarkable
one. So on tlio 20th of January, 1705, on a question
moved by Sir William Moredith, relating to genoral
warrants, the opposcrs of tho question amended it in
such a manner that it was impossible for any ono to
agreo to it."
These are the precedents. Coming back,
however, to Jefferson's Manual,the Chair reads
from page 255. The Chair has only alluded
to these precedents of Cushing, Vice Pres
ident Dallas, and Hatsell as confirmatory of
this parliamentary law, not in the House,
where they have a specific rule to the con-
trary, but in the Senate where there is none :
"Amendments may bo made so as totally to alter
tho nature of the proposition; and it is a way of
getting rid of a proposition, by making it bear a
senso ditloront from what it was intended by the
movers, so that they vote against it themselves. (2
lints., 71), 4, 82. Si.) A new bill may b« uignifted, by
way of amendment, on the words ' Be it enacted,'
&c. (1 Grey, 10U, 192.)"
The Chair desires to add one thing further
in making this ruling, that the argument of
the Senator from Connecticut is a very Btrong
argument as to the merits of the proposition
and as to the proposal to substitute this for
another proposition of a different character-
but the Chair could read other authorities'
which he does not consume the time of the
Senate in reading, showing how jealous the
House of Commons, as well as this body, have
felt in regard to presiding officers suppressing
important amendments upon a question of
order, when by parliamentary law proper, or
by the usage of the body, the body have a
right themselves to determine as to whether
they should or should not be agreed to.
The amendment, therefore, is, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, in order under the parlia-
mentary law. But the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] moves, previous to the vote on
this, to perfect the original bill, which is first
in order and has priority of the substitute.
Mr. MORTON. 1 offer the following
amendment to come in before the word "said,"
in the sixth line 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog.
nizes the Senator from Illinois then in prefer-
ence to the Senator from Indiana. The Sen-
ator from Illinois appeals from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand the
Chair and the authorities read, they do not
affect what seems to me to be the point before
the Senate. The question is not, as I view it,
one of relevancy or irrelevancy in the charac-
ter of the amendment. The objection to the
amendment, and the reason why it is out of
order, if out of order at all, is because by the
Constitution of the United States the matter,
pending must be passed by a different vote
from that which is proposed iu the amend-
ment.
The Constitution provides that treaties can
only be ratified by two thirds of the Senate,
and it, was deemed necessary, in order to allow
an amendment to a treaty to be adopted by a
majority, to make a rule to that effect. It
would be competent, doubtless, for the Senate
to adopt a rule that an amendment may be
made to a bill that requires two thirds of the
Senate to pass it, just as it is to make a rule
that a treaty may be amended by a majority
vote. But in the absence of that rule of the
Senate authorizing a treaty to be amended by
a majority vote, I apprehend that a treaty
could not have been amended except by avote
of two thirds of the Senate.
The philosophy of the thing is, the reason
of it would seem to be, that a bill which could
only be passed by a two-thirds vote should not
be amended by anything less than a two-thirds
vote. The question is not as to the character
of the amendment any further than this : that
the character of the amendment must be one
that does not require a two-thirds vote. It
would be competent to amend the bill un-
doubtedly by adding to it another clause to
relieve somebody else that is not relieved by
the bill, because that would be an amendment
in harmony wiih the bill. But it seems to me
that there is great force in the suggestion of
the Senator from Connecticut, that you may
destroy 
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question for information at
that, point?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
_ Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose an amnesty
bill is pending here, and an amendment is
offered to it to add disabled persons in another
State or of a different classfrom those already
in the bill, could that be incorporated ou sucli
a bill by a mere majority vote?
Mr. 1RUMBULL. I think perhaps it might.
Mr. SUMNER. The habit has been so.
Mr. CARPENTER. Does not that surren-
der the point ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, I do not think it
does, because that is a matter which can only
be passed by a two-thirds vote. I should think
that the test would be that you could add any-
thing that it required a two-thirds vote to pass
