1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2287
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 228) for the relief of James Murphy was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs tlie Secretary of War to cause to be
paid to James Murphy, of Maine, who was
improperly arrested as a deserter and forced
to serve as a soldier in the fifteenth regiment
of Maine volunteers, although never enlisted
or mustered into the military service, the pay
aud bounty of a private from, the 22d day ot
August, 1863, until the date of his discharge,
such payment to be made out of any money
appropriated for the pay of the Army.
"The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
KMKKIC SZABAD.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 486.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill
(S. No. 486) for the relief of Brevet Colonel
Emeric Szabad was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Paymaster
General to allow and pay to Brevet Colonel
Emeric Szabad the lull pay and proper allow-
ance of ail aid-de-camp oil duty m the field,
■with the rank of captain, from the 1st day of
April, 1862, to the dale of his muster, the
same being for actual services rendered in the
field.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to bceugrossed for a
third reading, -read the third time, and passed.
sale of property at augusta, georgia.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 026.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of tne Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 626) to authorize the
sale of certain public property at Augusta,
Georgia. It authorizes the Secretary ot War
to effect the saleol a tract of one hundred and
sixty-eight acres of land, more or less, situ-
ated about two and a halt miles from the pres-
ent United States arsenal at Augusta, Georgia,
which comprises the site ot tlie old United
States arsenal and the adjoining land purchased
by the so called -confederate States, which tell
to the United States as captured propeity, and
of all the material aud buildings of the powder-
works'erected by the so-called confederate gov-
ernment thereon, on the most advantageous
terms to the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
claims foll additional bounty.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 1180. • '
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (Id.
R. No. 1180) to extend the time for filing
claims for additional bounty, under the act ot
July 28, 1866, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It extends the tune for
filing claims for additional bounty, under the
act of July 28, 1866, which expired by limit-
ation January 13, 1871, until the oOth day of
January, 1873 ; and all claims for such boun-
ties filed in the proper Department after the
13th day of January, 1871, and before the
passage of the present act, are to be deemed
to have been hied in due time, and be con-
sidered and decided without filing.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SOLDIliUS' MONUMENT AT MOUND CITY.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 108.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. It. No. 108)
granting condemned cannon for the^erection
of a soldiers' monument at Mound City, Illi-
nois. It authorizes the Secretary of War to
deliver to the Governor of the State of Illinois
four pieces of condemned brass cannon, and
thirty round shot of proper size, to be used in
the erection of a soldiers' monument at Mound
City, Illinois.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
disposition of military reservations.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 608.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 608) to correct an error in the act approved
February 24, 1871, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that so much of the act entitled
"An act to provide for the disposition of use-
less military reservations," approved February
24, 1871, as locates the military reservation of
Fort Walla-Walla, in ''Oregon," is amended
so as to read "Washington Territory," the
actual location of the reservation.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
destruction of soldiers' property.
Mr. WILSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 618) authorizing com
pensation to the members of company B,
fourteenth infantry, for private property de-
stroyed by fire on the Nashville and Chatta-
nooga railroad, to report it back without
amendment, and ask for its present consider-
ation.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to^ con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of War
to cause to be ascertained the actual value of
the private property belonging to the officers
and men of company B, fourteenth infantry,
as well as the company property belonging to
the company, and the camp and garrison
equipage and stores belonging to the United
States, that were destroyed by fire on the
Nashville and Chattanooga railroad, ou the
14th of August, 1869, and to certify the value,
when so ascertained, to the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury, who shall thereupon
proceed to state an account in favor of the
persons to whom any money may be so ascer-
tained to be due, and to pay the sumssofound
due out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated. The aggregate sum
so paid for private property is not to exceed
§5,723 29, whatever may be the certified value
of the property. The Secretary of War is
authorized to institute proper proceedings,
either in the courts or otherwise, as he^ may
deem best, to recover for the United States
the value of the property so destroyed from
the person, company, or corporation found
liable therefor.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the'third time, and passed.
military reservation at fort stanton.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 609.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 609) to reduce the limits of the military
reservation at Fort Stanton, New Mexico, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It authorizes atid in-
structs the Secretary of War to reduce the
limits of the military reservation at Fort Stan-
ton, in New Mexico, to a tract not exceeding
sixteen square miles. The new limits of the
reservation are to embrace a strip of land
eight miles in length, and to extend one mile
from each bank ot the Rio Bonito ; the bound-
aries thereof to be determined by tbeSecreiary
of War, and the residue of the reservation to
be thrown open to settlement and occupation
under the homestead laws of the United
States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
soldiers' monumental associations.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 1781.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the hill (li. R. No. 1781) authorizing
the Secretary of War to deliver condemned ord-
nance to certain soldiers' monumental associa-
tions. It authorizes the Secretary of War to
deliver (if the same can be done without detri-
ment to the Government) four condemried can-
non and sixteen cannon balls, for the purpose
of ornamenting the grounds surrounding sol-
diers' monuments, to each of the following
associations, namely, to the Jefferson coumy
(Ohio) Monumental Association ; to the Wash-
ington County (Pennsylvania) Monumental
Association ; to the Soldiers' Monument As-
sociation at Cortland village, New York ; to
the Hancock County (Ohio) Soldiers' Monu-
mental Association ; to the Soldier's Monu-
ment Association at Greencastle, Indiana; to
the Buchanan County (Iowa) Soldiers' Mon-
ument Association ; to the Youngstown (Ohio)
Soldiers' Monument Association ; and a like
number to the superintendent of the naiional
cemetery at Andersonville, Georgia, to be
placed in said cemetery.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
burning of storks at glasgow, missouri.
Mr. WILSON. I move now .to take up
Senate bill No. 369.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 369) for the relief of
certain citizens of Glasgow, Missouri, and for
other purposes. It authorizes and directs the
Secretary of War to cause to be examined and
audited the claims of William D. Matthews,
Horace Walker, August Hannaed, T. W.
Digges, Henry Joseph, John G. Eberly, Joseph
Stettmund, and John Chamberlain, of Glas-
gow, Missouri, for losses sustained by them
from the burning of Government stores at that
place on the 15th of October, 1864, by order
of Colonel Chester Harding, United States
Army, to prevent -them from falling into_ the
hands of the enemy; and when so audited,
they are to be paid out of any moneys appro-
priated for the regular supplies of the quarter-
master's d -partment of the Army. The sec-
ond section directs the Secreiary of War to
cause to be investigated and audited all claims
of counties in the loyal States for the destruc-
tion of court-houses and county buildings while
in the use and occupation of the United States
and resulting from such occupation, or which
were burned by rebel forces in destroying
Government supplies stored therein, or the
quarters therein of Federal troops, and to pay
these claims out of any money appropriated
for the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department of the Army.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was. to insert after
the name of ''John Chamberlain," in fine
seven, the names of " Simon Hobenheiiner
and Joseph Rook."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second section of the bill, in the following
words :
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of War be, and hereby
is, authomed and directed to1 cause to be investi-
gated aud audited all claims of counties m tne loyal
States for the destruction ofeourt houses and county
buildings while in the use and occupation oi the
United States and resulting from such occupation,
or which wore burned by rebel forces m destroying
Government supplies stored therein, or the Quarters
therein o> Federal troops, and pay said claims oat
of any money appropriated lor the regular supplied
of the Quartermaster's department of the Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
