1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
into this body with thoir tongues out from ex-
haustion; and yet we mast not consult, we must
not argue, we mast not discuss at all a perti-
nent amendment, because these people are in
such a hurry to hold office! They should,
had I my way about it, go till their hair was as
long as Nebuchadnezzar's before they should
have the privilege of holding office in this
country. But I was not going to make a fuss
about it. I was willing to let this thing go. I
am willing to defer my judgment to that of
others if they will take an amendment with it
that carries healing and balm on its wings; but
that they will not do. There you touch the
pride of the old offender, and lam utterly sur
prised to see men stand here and detend such
a proposition as that. Unconstitutional it is,
we are told, to protect the citizen in his rights!
Who made it so ? And when was it written in
the Constitution ? I find it written in every
line of the Constitution, it is its life, it is its
soul, it is its breathing part, that it gives pro-
tection to every citizen, from the highest to
the lowest in the land. That is the spirit of
the Constitution as I understand it; that is
the spirit of the Constitution in which I shall
vote.
But I am told it is not popular politically.
Sir, if a man thinks his popularity depends
upon wiping out the obstacle to rebels holding
office I wish him much joy. They will do
with this as they have done by everything we
have done for them, and the honorable Sena-
tor from Mississippi who is now absent [Mr.
Alcorn] revealed the whole thing in a single
expression the other day. He said it was not
becoming in them to ask for amnesty, and he
informed us that had it not been volunteered
to him he never would have asked for it. How
grateful do you suppose he feels to the Repub-
lic, and to the people at large, standing and
boasting that it was volunteered to him, that
he never would have bent the knee or stooped
to ask for it? Sir, the whole plan of forgive-
ness lies in asking. It is not the act of for-
giveness itself, but the direction is to "ask
and it shall be given." If I had outraged the
laws and Constitution of my land, if I had
attempted to tear down the very temple of
libirty here, and now, professing to be its
friend, have not sorrow and regret enough in
my heart for my bloody deeds to ask patdon,
I do not deserve to be forgiven. So, I take
it, that these friends who want to get imme-
diately into a position to hold olficc had bet
ter conclude to let a negco ride in the cars
with them. I think these men who are in such
a hurry to again get at the flesh-pots of pol-
itics had better let the negro cotne in the same
train with them or they will not get here, or
if they do, they will be in an awful minority!
Now, what is the objection to all this? "Oh,
the Constitution!" says my friend from Ohio.
He always scares me when he talks about the
Constitution, for he knows so much about it
that I never enter the arena to discuss it with
him ; but when he will convince me that it is
unconstitutional to give protection to the sub-
ject. then I shall want a seventeenth amend-
ment, or some other amendment to the Con-
stitution. [Laughter.] I would have it amend-
ed and amended until the poorest subject of
this Government, its poorest citizen, shall be
exempt from insult in public places and on the
highways, and shall receive that consideration
that is due to the ennobling position of an
American citizen.
Sir, it takes the world a good while to change
its prejudices. In formertimes, when the Dem-
ocratic party had rule, when a slave asked for
freedom they riveted his bands yet stronger.
"When he asked for freedom or sought it in
flight he was pursued with the venom of the
hound. Now a change has come over the
spirit of our country and our countrymen,
thank God ! They said these bonds should be
knocked off. How loudly did they cry that it
was unconstitutional! There was not a Dem-
ocrat, from the leader, (my friend from Ohio
being their acknowledged leader,) but what
shouted that it was unconstitutional! Why,
sir, from the Supreme Court came the word
that the negro had no rights that a white man
was bound to respect.
Mr. THURMAN. It never did any such
thing.
Mr. NYE. AVfell, nearly that. I refer to
a decision in which you will find that spirit.
Mr. CONKLING. The language was that
such was the public opinion.
Mr. NYE. Such was the public opinion.
Sir. the people appealed from that decision,
and its reversal was inevitable. While the
decision may live, its reversal is written in
letters of blood.
Now, Mr. President, there is a hurry about
this amnesty business, and we are told by every
advocate of it that there are only a few to be
affected. Well, let that few wait. If liberty,
protection to the citizen, needs that fulcrum
over which to pry, I hope the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois will not take it out from
under it. I want something to pry on. We
have pried over their affections, and their
affections have failed us; not a word of thanks
has been uttered to a generous Government,
not ail exhibition of gratitude to a more than
magnanimous and generous Government have
I ever seen come from the mouth of one for-
given. Have you ? No one. When by mil-
lions they have sinned, and were by millions
forgiven, it awoke no echo in their hearts, hut
a spirit that seemed to say "You dared not
withhold it longer."
I am not exactly willing to let up such gen-
tlemen so easily. They ought to bo pretty well
satisfied to live under laws that are made by
loj-al men. Having forfeited everything, from
their property to their lives, they ought to sing
every day in their heart, "Oh, to grace how
great a debtor." [Laughter] Instead of that,
when we propose to put an amendment 011 to
this bill that makes practical the liberty of the
black man, and to make all equal before the
law, it is a violation of the Constitution ! Sir,
I have heard that here for years. We shall
hear it more. If a few are to suffer, let those
suffer who deserve it.
Mr. President, I have taken more time than
I meant to do on this question. I think my
friend from Illinois is mistaken when he says
that the public pulse is beating very high for
amnesty. I know a great many men are going
to sit silently by and aid him; but I think their
own judgments condemn them for so doing.
You will do it, of course, but what do we ask
you to do at the same tiriie? Why. to give
these new-born citizens their equal rights. Are
the South in earnest about this thing? If so,
they need and require this law to protect them
and to describe exactly the status of all.
First, let us have the lesson that all men,
and women too, are equal before the law.
What does that mean ? Does it mean that I
am to be kicked from the cars because I am
not blessed with a white skin. No,sir; it does
not mean any such thing. If these men read
carefully, on the brow of every negro they will
find the United States authority stamped for
freedom, and if they will examine his uniform
they will find that it is the uniform of a citizen
of the United States. I want to come to that
point. Then I am as anxious to forgive as
they. I harbor no malice; but, sir, 1 would
proteci this Government against _ a future
rebellion. I do not know how long it will be,
and I trust it will be a good while before you
sec bills introduced to pay men for what they
suffered while under this ban until this
amnesty bill is passed. That it will be done
I have no doubt, but not by me. I undertake
to say that that man is recreant almost to his
duty who does not seize upon this, the first
good opportunity to make this matter a little
reciprocal. We give you amnesty ; you give
what you ought never to have withheld, a full
communion upon the broad ground of equal
rights with your fellow-men. Then, sir, it
appeara to me that the time of peace will
have arrived. It seems to me that until that
is done peace is imperfect, for I think it is
trifling with the slave 1o make him free in name
to be degraded through life.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, the
Senator from Nevada made use of an expres-
sion which seemed to be legitimate as coming
from one of the Nye family, with reference to
unfair dealing—dealing the cards from under
the bottom. Sir, I play cards sometimes, and
I always deal from the top. This motion on
my part was made in good faith. I propose to
leave it to the voice of the Senate to say
whether they prefer the bill lately passed by
the House of Representatives or the one now
under consideration.
I wish it distinctly understood that I have
gone as far as the farthest in defense of the
rights of the colored man. I have braved pub-
lic opinion in that matter. I live in a town the
population of which is about ten thousand.
During the election canvass of 1868 not more
than fifty white men iti that town would speak
to me on account of my advocacy of the recon-
struction acts. I braved it all, and I am here
now the representative of the people of South
Carolina, the colored people and the white
people. I propose to vote for the bill of the
Senator from Massachusetts when it is prop-
erly presented, and by itself; but I cannot see
the justice of that honorable Senator jeopard-
izing his bill by a motion to attach it to this
bill. 1 am unwilling to vote for it as an
amendment to this bill, or to jeopardize its
passage by attaching it to a measure which
requires a two-thirds vote for its passage.
A good deal has been said about the mem-
bers of conventions that adopted secession
ordinances. It is true the members of those
conventions voted for the ordinances of seces-
sion, but they were merely the representatives
of the people. They were sent there by the
people to vote for secession. Those people
were stirred up by their leaders, and those
leaders in a great measure were the men who
left the Halls of this Capitol to engage in
rebellion. By the passage either of the bill
now before the Senate or of the one which I
seek to bring up the men who left Congress
at that time are excepted from the benefits of
the amnesty. But, sir, if it is the voice of the
Senate that the members of the conventions
shall be excluded from the benefits of amnesty,
1 shall readily acquiesce in it. 1 hope the
friends of amnesty will vote for my motion
that the bill last passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives be taken up.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I am not
accustomed to attempt impossibilities. It
would be unwise in one who has far more abil-
ity than I have, and it certainly would be very
foolish in me to attempt to do an impossibility,
and therefore I would never attempt to make
the Senator from Nevada understand a con-
stitutional argument. [Laughter.] That is a
thing that would be perfectly hopeless. The
Senator has but one answer to any constitu-
tional objection. I have heard it again and
again since I have been in the Senate. It
is simply to tell the Senate that he has heard
other measures opposed on the ground that
they were unconstitutional, but that the objec-
tion was overruled, and ergo every objection
that is made on the ground of unconstitution-
ality ought to be overruled likewise.
If the Senator had been here long enough
ago he might have heard objections made to
the constitutionality of the fugitive slave law
bill and which were overruled, and his argu-
ment would have been just as strong afterward
when a constitutional objection was interposed
to the p.assage of a bill. " Why, was it not
said that the fugitive slave law bill was uncon-
stitutional, and did not the Senate overrule
the objection, and therefore the Senate ought
to overrule the objection to this bill?" and so
it is to the end of the chapter. That is the
kind of constitutional reasoning we have I
