4080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
pelled by water, and there is a flood or some-
thing that prevents it from being worked, that
is not provided for here; if it is worked by
Bteam and the boiler bursts, that is not pro-
vided for here. The suspension spoken of
here is a voluntary suspension, and it does
therefore seem to me that it was a very harsh
construction of the law ever to make a man
pay at all under such circumstances where
there was no voluntary suspension, where he
did not intend to suspend work, but where he
was prevented by some act over which he had
no control whatsoever. It seems to me to
be a very harsh construction of the law to
make him pay up the tax Cor the days when
he could not work and his distillery could not
work by reason of an unavoidable accident
which was as much against his will as any
thing could be.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I am told that in
ull cases where the suspension was by the act
of God, where it was fiom causes beyond the
distiller's power, the penalty has always been
remitted. But what is an unavoidable acci-
dent? Mere carelessness? Confining it to the
act of God or the king's enemy, as a flood or
the like—in such cases as that the penalty is
never enforced, as 1 am informed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wonder that
any objection is made to this, if I understand
it. I understand that it is thought to be so
unfair a provision to levy this tax or per diem
where there is an involuntary suspension of
work, that we have actually repealed and
changed the law. We have pronounced our
judgment, upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Notatall. We repealed
all that class of taxes. That, is all.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We repeal all
that class of taxes, the Senator says.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have repealed all
per diem taxes.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
that there is a special repeal for the case of
involuntary suspension.
Mr. SHKRMAN. On the contrary we have
repealed all the per diem taxes.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like
to know how that fact is, because there cannot
be any question about ic if I am right in my
supposition.
Mr. SHKRMAN. We have repealed all
per diem taxes of every kind and only assess
the tax at the still.
Mr. FRIiLINGHUYSEN. Is there no
special repeal in regard to where there is an
involuntary suspension ?
Mr. MO It TON. I will read the provision
of ihis act:
That section twenty-two be amended by striking
out the words " bavins; paid the special tax" and
inserting in lieu thereof the words " having given
the bond required by law," and by adding the fol-
lowing: " FtoviUrd. That nothing m this section
shall be held to apply to suspensions caused by un-
avoidable accident."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is it. So
we do express our opinion that it is unjust.
Why should we hesitate to say that, we will not
insist upon the penalty where it has accrued
in the pasi and lias not been collected?
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to offer an
amendment io the pending amendment; after
th<; word u accident" to insert "and no taxes
• upon incomes."
Mr. HITCHCOCK. 1 move that the Sen-
ate proceed to t,ha consideration of executive
business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator troni Louisiana to the amendment of the
Senaior from Indiana. The Senator from
Nebraska moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of execuiive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall vote for the
amendment offered by the Seuator from Louis-
iana ; and every reason that can be assigned
for the other amendment applies to tliH, and
additional reasons. My honorable friend from
New Jersey says we propose in this bill now
before us, which we are in the act of perfect1
ing and amending, to repeal for the future all
taxes in such cases; and he argues from that,
I- do not see how, that ergo we ought to exempt
men who while the tax prevailed became
unmistakably liable to it. Why? I am sure
I do not understand that. Why should you
not say just as well in the case of stamps, as
you are going to repeal all stamp taxes, that
everybody who has incurred a penalty provided
for under the stamp act shall be exonerated
from it? That confounds entirely the distinc-
tion between a prospective and retroactive
bill. Therefore, I cannot agree with my friend
on that point.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suppose if
there was a penalty for any want of a 1 tamp,
and we repealed the law, the penalty would
fall with it without any action.
Mr. CONKLING. Does my friend mean
that? Here is a penalty of fifty dollars in one
case for willfully omitting to put on a stamp ;
does the repeal of the act in any respect, equit-
ably or otherwise, entitle theparty whose rights
are fixed, whose penalty has been incurred, to
a remission of that penalty? If so, why should
we not go back—and I do not speak of unde-
termined cases—why should we not go back
in the case of all the men upon whom this pen-
alty has been inflicted, who have been ad-
judged to pay it, and have paid it, and refund
to them ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
from New York and myself do not disagree. I
do not speak of determined cases, but only of
undetermined cases.
Mr. CONKLING. This applies to every-
thing.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Theamendment
is modified in that regard.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to have the amend-
ment read.
The Chief Ci.erk. The amendment is:
And -provided further, That any deficiency or per
diem tax heretofore assessed during an involuntary
suspension caused by unavoidable accident shall
not be collected.
Mr. CONKLING. Ntfw there is a propo-
sition that where a tax has accrued, where it
has been levied, where it is due, where it is
fixed in a ease, 110 matter how incorrigible,
the party shall be exempted.
Now, I see a great, many reasons for repeal-
ing the income tax. In the first place, it is
of very doubtful constitutionality; in the next
place, it is a very pernicious tax ; in the third
place, it subjects Congress to the charge of
bad faith, because it was laid originally with
an express understanding that it should expire
at a ct-rtain time. It has been extended, and
I never have been able to see how we vindi-
cate ourselves for doing that. There is a very
marked case of equity ; and no portion of the
Senator's constituents are suffering from this
tax as much as my constituents are suffering
from the continuance of the income tax.
Therefore, I beg him to join with us in adopt-
ing this amendment to the amendment, and
then we will vote for the amendment as
amended, and let people fare alike who have
equal equities existing in their favor.
Mr. (JRAGIN. I understand that several
millions of the income tax assessed this year
have already been paid-. If this subject is to
be discussed I think the Senate had better
adjourn. I therefore move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion recurs 011 the amendment of the Senator
from Louisiana to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I wish to say in
the remainder of my time, in answer to my
friend from New Hampshire, that this amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana contains the
same ingredient. This tax has been levied and
in part paid, and will have to be refunded.
This is a proposition that has never been ex-
amined by- a committee, whereas in the case
of the income tax this body has repeatedly
voted to repeal it. We know what that means.
This is a jump in the dark.
Mr, MORTON. My amendment involves
the repeal of a tax assessed where a distillery
has been suspended by unavoidable accident,
a clear case of hardship where there is 110 con-
sideration whatever for the tax. What rela-
tion or comparison can be made between that
and the income tax, which expires by its own
limitation, and part of which has been paid
and part of which still remains due, due for last
year? If there can be any sort of comparison
made between them, it has not been made yet.
That is very certain.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend is never en-
abled to see anything in favor of abolishing
the income tax.
The question being put, there were, 011 a
division—ayes '26, noes 20.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays, and i wish to say a word now.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have seen one tariff
bill defeated at this session by a question as to
this remnant of the income tax, the most just
and honest tax ever assessed by the Govern-
ment of the United States or any other Govern-
ment. Now, 1 hope in ail conscience this bill
will not be endangered at this period of the
session by this attempt to repeal an expiring
tax of which I am informed two thirds has
been already paid.
Mr. CONKLING. What bill was that which
was defeated by it,?
Mr. SHERMAN. The tariff bill of March
last was defeated at this hour of the night.
Mr. CONKLING. Not by this amendment.
Mr. MORTON. This was one of three
amendments that did it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 18 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony. Buckingham,
Caldwell. Casserly, Chandler, Clayton. Cole, Conk-
ling, Cooper, Coibett,' Fenton, Flanagan, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, Norwood, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Ransom, Roberison, Saulsbury, Stevenson, Tiuin-
bull, and Vickers—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Cragin,
Frelinghuysen, Hitchcock, Howe, Kelly, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Ramsey, Sherman. Stoekton. Thurman. and
Wright—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Davis of Kentucky, D.ivis of West Vir-
ginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan, Patterson, Prate, Rice, Sawyer, Schutz,
Scott, Spencer, Sprasrue, Stewa,rt, Suuiner, Tipton,
West, Wilson, and Windom—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. WRIGHT. I should like to have the
amendment read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
And provided further, That no deficiency or per
diem tax heretofore assessed during an involuntary
suspension occasioned by unavoidable accident, and
no tax upon a incomes, shall be collected.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no amendment
on this bill so far as I know but what the
House of Representatives can fairly agree to ;
but we know they never will agree to this.
It will create controversy and delay. Why
provoke a controversy? Why put this on the
bill when no Senator feels in his heart that it is
just to do it? Would you like to see the
Ireasury of the United States replenished by
money collected from citizens when we per-
haps have paid our income tax? Is it just
or right? I hope the Senate will not load
down this bill with this amendment, and thus
involve us in delay and trouble.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I suppose the reason
for this amendment is a very good one. It is
said to be because men have been prevented
from paying their taxes by some unavoidable
accident. That unavoidable accident consists
in an unwiliiugness to pay!
