'2288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Tiie bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
The title was' amended so as to read, " An
act for the relief of certain citizens of Glas-
gow, Missouri."
PAYMENT OF WOMEN NURSES.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 778.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 778) to provide for
the payment of women nurses during the war.
It authorizes and requires the Secretary of
War to receive and examine the claims of all
volunteer women nurses who rendered service
during the war in the field or in hospital,
under the direction and control of the medical
authorities of the Army. He is to establish
regulations for the reception and examination
of such claims, and to require satisfactory-
proof of service rendered, which shall be veri-
fied as far as possible from any records on file
in the War Department,. Compensation for
each claimant whose proof of service is found
satisfactory shall be calculated at the rate of
twenty dollars for each month of service, which
shall be in full of all claims and demands
against the United States for the period for
which payment is claimed. The Secretary of
War is from time to time to report such
claims to Congress for final action, with his
recommendation thereon; and he is not to
receive for examination any claim not pre-
sented before the 1st day of July, 1874
The bill was ieported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SOLDIHUS' BOUNTIES.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 1782.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as m Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the hill (li. R. No. 1782) in
relation to bounties, the pending question
being on the amendment of the Committee
on Military AffUirs, to strike out all af:er the
exacting clause, and in lieu thereof to insert
the following:
That every volunteer, non-eoinmissionod officer,
pnvuto, musician, mid artificer who enlisted into the
military service of the United States prior to July
22.18D1. under the proclamation ot tlio l'rosident of
the United States of May 3, ISlil, and the ordcis ot'
tlio War Department issued in pursuance thereof,
and wa.s actually mustered into any regiment, com-
pany, or ba,ttery which was accepted by tlio War
Department under such proclamation and orders,
shall ho paid the full bounty of $100, under and by
virtue of the said proclamation and orders of the
War Department in force at tho tiuio of such enlist-
ment and prior to July 22, 18(H: ProokUd, That the
same has not already been paid.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to withdraw
the amendment and take the vote on the bill
as it came from the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will b<3 considered as disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 should like
to hear some explanation of this bill.
Mr. WILSON. It has been lying here four
years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How much money will
it take?
Mr. WILSON. The pay department reports
that the probability is that it involves about
two million dollars. Tho President of the
United States, on the 3d of May, 1801, issued
a proclamation raising troops. He had no
right to do any such thing, but he did it for
the safety of the country. In that proclama-
tion he promised $100 to all who would enlist
and who should be honorably discharged. On
the 22d of July, 1801, an act was passed pro-
viding that volunteers should serve two years
in order to get the bounty. This proclama-
tion of the President was sanctioned by act
of Congress on the 6th of August following.
The proclamation promised that persons who
were mustered into the service under it and
under the orders of the War Department relat-
ing thereto should receive their.bounty of $100
on being honorably discharged. The payment
was refused by the Department. The case was
then taken to the Supreme Court, and the court
decided that the Government was liable to pay
the bounty. The Government had mustered
into the service eighty-two regiments, and could
not tell to which of these regiments the call
should be applied. Therefore the bill pro-
vides that all those persons enlisted daring
this period who were honorably discharged
shall receive their bounty under the proclama-
tion ; and the pay department make an esti-
mate—it is only a guess, they cannot tell cer-
tainly—that it may reach to something like
two million dollars.
Mr. COLE. I think it is more likely to
amount to twice that.
Mr. WILSON. Twice that would assume
that half the men enlisted were discharged.
The number of men enlisted was about eighty
thousand under that call. If twenty thousand
were honorably discharged, one fourth of the
whole, it would make §2,000,000 ; if forty
thousand of them were discharged, the expense
would be twice that. There is no probability
that it will be even $2,000,000. I am told by
the Second Auditor that he thinks that is a
very large estimate indeed ; hut it makes no
difference if it is $100,000,000, it is a sacred
obligation, a promise, and ought to be carried
ou'. Ten years have passed away without its
being carried intoetfect.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DEPOSITS OF SOLDIERS^ ETC.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 448.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 448) to estab-
lish a system of deposits, to prevent desertion,
and elevate the condition of the rank and file
of the Army.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There isan
amendment pending, suggested by the Senator
from New Jersey [Sir. Frblinoiiuysbx] when
the bill was last up, after the word "heirs,"
in line thirteen of the lirst section, to insert
" representatives," and at the end of the sec-
tion to insert "and that such deposit be ex-
empt from liability for such soldiers' debts."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EAST TENNESSEE UNIVERSITY.
Mr. "WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 490.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in a Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 490) for the relief
of East Tennessee University. It provides
for the payment to the trustees of the East
Tennessee University §18.500, in full compen-
sation for all claims which could be made by
the university for all damages caused to its
buildings at Knoxville, Tennessee. Before
this sum shall be paid a release in full of all
claims against the Government for all dam-
ages that might or could be claimed by the
university on account of its buildings is to be
executed in due form by the proper officers,
and deposited with the treasurer, along with
the receipt for the money appropriated.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
NEW ORLEANS WHARF PROPERTY.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up a bill
reported to day, Senate bill No. 986.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in a Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 936) relinquishing
certain wharf property to the city of New
Orleans. It directs the Secretary of War and
the Secretary of the Navy to relinquish posses*
sion of the wharf and landing now occupied
by the Government of the United States in the
city of New Orleans and to tarn over the same
to "the authorities of that city.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and read the third time.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN. I should like to
know from the chairman of the committee
what the value of this property is, and whether
it is intended by this bill to convey the title
to it?
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Louisiana
introduced the bill, and will explain it.
Mr. WEST. The Senator from New Jersey
asks whether it is intended to relinquish the
title to the property. There is no title to this
property, except as has been reported by the
Secretary of War, the right of capture. It is
a piece of property that was occupied for the
convenience of the Government during the
prosecution of the war in connection with
other pieces. Those other pieces have been
gradually surrendered as the necessities of the
Government were abated in that quarter. This
is about one hundred and fifty feet along the
river front that is really the property of the
city, and always has been. It is merely to
enable the city to carry out her system of
wharf improvements.
The bill was passed.
PRESIDIO RESERVATION.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 310.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S, No. 310) leasing
the Presidio reservation to the city of San
Francisco for a public park.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That bill I hope will not
be acted upon at this time.
Mr. COLE. I hope it will be acted on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Be good enough to wait
until I am through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, subject to debate or amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why I wish to save
taking up time about it is that we have sent
to the Secretary of War, by a vote of the Sen-
ate, a resolution calling for information as to
this reservation, its value, and all the circum-
stances which might guide our judgment in
respect to the disposition of it if it is to be
disposed of. I think, therefore, it, is unjust to
any Senator who feels a doubt about the pas-
sage of this bill that it should be forced upon
the attention of the Senate until we shall get
all that information in an authentic and com-
plete form, and I submit that consideration to
my friend, the chairman of the committee.
Now I am through for the time being.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Vermont
is very kind in permitting me to have a word
to say on the subject. Tt the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs desires to say
anything on the subject, I will yield to him.
But the substitute proposed for this bill is one
drawn up at the War Department, and is satis-
factory to them. The information the Sena-
tor desires,ifit be in addition to the information
we now have, is as to the value of the property,
which I suppose the War Department cannot
very well give. The Senator's resolution, I
know, was sent to that Department, and a
reply, I think, has not yet been furnished. I
am not certain about that, however. If it has
come, I have not seen it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has not been. That
is why I say the bill ought to go over.
Mr. COLE. But that relates to an imma-
terial point, as to the value of the property.
We do not desire that the property shall be
