1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
497
granted to him until he asked for it it never
would have been granted, and the Senator
from Nevada spoke of that as a defiant re-
mark. He spoke of that as a remark which
showed that the Senator from Mississippi had
no gratitude for amnesty granted. He spoke
of it as a scornful remark. The truth of the
matter is, that the spirit of that remark, as I
think every other Senator than the Senator
lrom Nevada appreciated it, was one that did
the highest honor to the Senator from Missis-
sippi. What was he speaking of, and what did
he mean by saying that if he had not been
amnestied until he asked for it ho would be
without amnesty yet? Why this, which he ex-
plained, that in his judgment a man who had
been a leader in the rebellion oughtto stand with
the rest of those who were in it, upon the same
platform, and not get any advantage; that the
same fate which was meted out to them should
be meted out to him, and that no special excep-
tion ought to be made in his favor. What the
Senator from Mississippi was contending for
was in fact this: that no special amnesty bills
ought to have been passed at all, but that there
ought to have been one general amnesty for
all, or else no amnesty for any, and that what
lie would have been willing to do was to stand
with the rest of his countrymen ; if they were
amnestied, he to be amnestied ; if they remained
disfranchised, he to remain disfranchised. In
other words, he would seek no better fate for
himself than for the soldiers who had followed
him in the battle-field; and there was not a
man but the Senator from Nevada who heard
that remark who did not honor him for the
sentiment.
Mr. President, I have nothing more to say
on this subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
from Ohio a question just there ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator whether
in his opinion there are not degrees of guilt in
treason against the Government which would
justify granting amnesty to one person on a
particular occasion and not to another?
Mr. THURMAN. I think there are.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; then what
becomes of the argument about the Senator
from Mississippi ?
Mr. THUIIMAN. This becomes of the
argument, that that Senator may have felt that
he was not of those categories that ought to be
more favorably dealt with than others ; and if
I had been, as he was, I believe, a general in
the confederate service, I would tell you as he
did, that until you amnestied my soldiers you
would not have amnestied me.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Arkansas moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and thirty-two minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 22, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. TJnder this c8.ll rcieuio-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order. The morning hour
now begins, at ten miuutes p&st twelve 0 clock.
42d Cong.. 2d Sess.-— No... 32.
albert ii. daniels.
Mr. BELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1079) for the relief of Albert H. Daniels, sur-
viving partner of the late firm of Daniels &
Co. ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
amendatory act.
Mr. POLAND introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 86) amendatory of joint resolution
passed July 7, 1870; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
american fisheries.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1080) to promote and sustain
American fisheries under the treaty of Wash-
ington ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
bridge over tiie ohio.
Mr. BANKS introduceda jointresolution (II.
R. No. 87) authorizing the building of a rail-
road bridge over the Ohio river at Cincinnati,
Ohio ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
international telegraph company.
Mr. BANKS also introduced bill (H. R. No.
1081) to incorporate the Southern International
Telegraph Company; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be priuted.
steam sloops-of-wau.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1082) to authorize the con-
struction of ten steam sloops-of-war; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
reform school, district of colombia.
Mr. STARKWEATHER introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1083) relating to the reform school
of the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
Mr. STARKWEATHER also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1081) to confirm the action of
the authorities of the District of Columbia
in designating a depot site for the Baltimore
and Potomac Railroad Company; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
repeal of income tax.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1085) to repeal the income tax ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
calee coiwing.
Mr. LAMPORT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1086) granting a pension to Caleb Corving,
a soldier of the war of 1812 ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War of
1812, and ordered to be printed.
duties on imports.
Mr. COX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1087)
to declare the meaning and intention of the
eighth section of the act to increase the duties
on imports of June 30, 1864 ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered'to he
printed.
seizures for customs duties.
Mr. DUELL introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1088) to regulate seizures for the violation of
the laws of the United States relating to cus-
toms, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
public building at syracuse.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1089) to authorize the erection of a Gov-
ernment building at Syracuse, New York, and
appropriating $250,000 for that purpose ; which
was read a firstand second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
bankrupt law.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a hill (H. R.
No. 1090) to amend the bankrupt law and to
reduce the expenses of proceedings there-
under ; which was read a firstand second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
home industry.
Mr. MERRIAM introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1092) for the protection of home indus-
try ; which, was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
united states courts in new yqrk.
Mr. GOODRICH introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1093) to fix the times and places for hold-
ing the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States, for the northern district of New
York; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
charles a. wagner.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1094) for the relief of
Charles A. Wagner; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Claims, and, with the accompanying docu-
ments, ordered to be printed.
charles edwards.
Mr. HARMERintroduceda bill (H. R. No.
1095) for the relief of Charles Edwaids; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
homestead law.
Mr. NEGLEY introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1096) to amend an act entitled "An net to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain," approved May 20, 1862 ;
which was read a iirst and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
naval construction.
Mr. NEGLEY also introduced a hill (H. R.
No. 1097) authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to dispose of vessels, machinery, ord-
nance and other materials, now at the navy-
yards and naval stations, which may be sold
without detriment to the public service, and
appropriating the proceeds thereof to the con-
struction and equipment of other vessels;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be priuted.
charles iieat0n.
Mr. STORM introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1098) to pay Charles Heaton, inventor of de-
fensive armor for shij)s ; which was read a_first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be priuted.
international arbitration'.
Mr. STORM also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (II. It. No. 81) i-elating to international
arbitration ; which was read a firstand second
time, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
sphcte payments.
Mr. SHERWOOD introduced a bill (H. B.
No. 1099) to provide for the resumption of
specie payments, and for the reduction of the
public debt; which was read a first and second
