1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4081
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to correct one
impression that, the Senator from Ohio unin-
tentionally conveyed. He jsays it would be
very singular if, when we have not paid our
income tax, we should do so and so. We took
care to repeal our income tax sometime ago.
No Senator pays any income tax on his salary
as Senator.
Several Senators. Oh, yes.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I did the
other day.
Mr. CONKLING. Does he, indeed? I will
yield to the whole Senate at once to set me
right on this statement that we have written
down expressly in the statutes an amendment
so that our salaries are no longer taxed.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, I assure
the Senator that under the law—I have asked
the Commissioner if I am not right—our sal-
ary has to be returned as a part of our income
as citizens.
Mr. CRAGIN. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only difference is
that formerly it was deducted from the salary;
now it is left to us to return it-
Mr. CONKLING. Nobody is denying that.
Every Senator, if he is honest, returns his
income just like any other man, but the Sena-
tor from Ohio spoke of it as if we paid upon
our salary an income tax which was deducted
from our month's pay as it used to be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say so.
Mr. CONKLING. No ; but I say the Sen-
ator's remark was calculated to make that
impression. It is no such thing.
Mr. BLAIR. How many speeches can the
Senator from New York make ?
Mr. CONKLING. I have not made any
speech on this amendment before. The Sen-
ator from Missouri made four or five to-day
on salt. Having made but one speech on this
amendment, and that I am in the act of mak-
ing now, I hope this will not come out of my
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York has spoken two minutes since
the proposition came in with regard to income,
and he is now entitled to three minutes, as
the amendment is a different proposition from
what it was when he spoke on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana, pure and
simple.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if the Chair will
be kind enough to deduct this from the time
of the Senator from Missouri, and not from
mine, I shall be very much obliged to him. I
was going to say that it is incorrect to suppose
that we pay our income tax as we used to upon
our salaries.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not say that my
friend said so. Evidently my friend is afraid
that I shall be permitted to make a statement,
and therefore he keeps interjecting. Now,
Senators, like all other citizens, if they are
honest, return their income, and it is no more
tiue of Senators than of anybody else that
they have not paid that tax. They are
just like other people, the tax upon sal-
aries no longer being deducted when the salary
is paid as it used to be. Therefore I do not
think we need have any hesitation in voting to
repeal an unjust law because of any idea that
it does not apply to us.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I am a
little surprised at the honorable Senator from
Ohio. He has advocated every reduction
that could possibly be conceived. He was
for taking nine millions off tobacco, which, if
I get my honest deduction, will save me, I
think, seven or eight shillings a year; but it is
very doubtful whether I shall receive the ben-
efit of it. Then he was for taking off the duty
on salt. Then he advocated the payment of
eight or ten millions upon vessels engaged in
the coasting trade. After going through the
list and showing an extreme anxiety to get
money out of the Treasury, he is now shocked
and alarmed for fear the Treasury will suffer
42b Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 256.
from cutting off this income tax. Why, Mr.
President, I am perfectly astonished at t-be
Senator from Ohio. I thought his chief anx-
iety was to get off taxation. I supposed if he
could only reduce taxes he would be happy in
any event. He took nine millions off tobacco
that does not help anybody. So on salt.
Mr. SHERMAN. I tried to vote with the
Senator from Michigan on the tobacco ques-
tion. If 1 have done wrong I have been with
him all the time.
Mr. SAWYER. I suppose it does not create
any sense of injustice to the minds of Senators
to think that two thirds of the people on whom
income tax was assessed for the year 1871
have paid it and the other third have not,
when we propose to forgive the third who have
not paid it.
Mr. CONKLING. And refund it to the
others?
Mr. SAWYER. No; you propose by this
amendment to forgive the third who have de-
layed the payment of the income tax to this
time, and to keep the money which has been
paid by those who have been prompt. That
is the position.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I take it that
the Senate of the United States desire to do
the fair thing in relation to this matter, and the
proposition here is a perfectly monstrous one,
for the reason that all the revenue that has been
collected as taxes from banks and railroads
and bonds has already gone into the Treasury.
There is a very large amount of money that
has already been paid in on dividends, cou-
pons, railroad dividends, and bauks. Many
parties derive their entire income in that way,
and many pay more than they would be obliged
to as income tax because they cannot get an
exemption, as all their property is in such
stocks and bonds. Now, to bring in at this
hour of the day a proposition to remit the tax
upon such as have not paid, seems to me per-
fectly monstrous.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to say in answer
to my friend from South Carolina that it is
the people whom he and I especially represent
who are benefited by this amendment. It is
the large corporations in the large centers
where the income tax has been collected ; but
as a general thing where it has not beeu col-
lected it is among the people that he and I
especially represent.
Mr. CRAGIN. Is this amendment now open
to amendment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then I move to add "ex-
cept in cases of members of Congress who
have not paid their income tax for the year
1872."
Mr. THDRMAN. That would not do, for
there is no income tax for the year 1872.
Mr. CRAGIN. "For the present year."
Mr. THURMAN. There is no income tax
for the present year. The income tax was for
1871.
Mr. CRAGIN. Say "except what is due
from members of Congress."
Mr. THURMAN. I do not rise to debate
this matter, but only to. call the attention of
the Senate most distinctly to the fact that this
amendment does not propose to refund to
those who have paid the income tax for the
year 1871 the amount they have paid, but sim-
ply to exempt from payment those who have
not paid. That would be very clever to me,
for 1 have not paid mine yet.
Mr. CONKLING. It is very easy for my
friend to add such a provision. I hope we
shall add that.
Mr. THURMAN. When thatis added, then
we will vote on that; but this proposition now
before the Senate is to keep the money you
have got from those who have paid their in-
come tax for 187), and relieve those who have
not paid it from any payment. That is the
way it now stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire to the amendment, to add the
words—
Except in cases of income tax due by members of
Congress for 1871.
Mr. HARLAN. I am of the impression
that it will be impossible to complete this bill
to-night, and as there will be a day or two
more of the session, I am inclined to think it
would be better for the Senate to give each
of its members an opportunity to rest a little
between this and eleven o'clock. I would
inquire of the chairman of the committee if
he thinks we can perfect the bill to-night ?
Mr. SHERMAN. From the last vote I
would say no. I am ready to adjourn.
Mr. HARLAN. In that view of the case
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I hope
not.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 20, noes 27.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from New Hampshire to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to ; there being on a division—ayes
27, noes 13.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move further
to amend the amendment by adding:
Provided, That the income tax paid for the year
1871 shall be repaid.
1 do not think the thing will be complete
unless this is put on.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. I understand
this would be paying a great deal of money
out of the Treasury.
Mr. CONKLING. How much will it pay
out?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The income
tax of this year I am informed would be
some fifteen or sixteen million dollars. This
bill has been formed not in reference to any
such deduction, and I think at twelve o'clock
at night, after the bill has passed the House,
after it has passed the two committees, and we
have been deliberating upon it, to start in and
take off fifteen or sixteen millions out of the
Treasury, and that in reference to a law which
expires by its own limitation this year, is not
wise, and will not strike the people as wise.
I have been as much opposed as anybody to
this income tax, and at another period, if it
had gone before a committee, and if part of it
was not collected, I would have cheerfully
voted for its repeal. But I hope that the Sen-
ate, under existing circumstances, will vote
down this proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
does not understand me to be serious, I sup-
pose, in hoping that this proposition will pass.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No; I do not
understand that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is very clear
that if any proposition is to pass this ought to
accompany it. The idea that we are to remit
and not to repay, I fancy nobody would say
was a just proposition. Now, if the amend-
ment is to carry, this ought to go with it, and
I offered it in that sense. I am opposed to
the whole thing, and shall vote against it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The only ob-
jection I have to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine is that it is perfecting the
proposition and making it more acceptable.
It certainly would have been very unjust.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it illus-
trates the impropriety of the whole thing.
Mr. MORTON. I suppose it will be under-
stood that this whole amendment in regard to
the income tax—the country will certainly so
understand—is intended to defeat this tariff
bill, and to prevent the reduction of taxation.
Now, if we are to have part of the proposi-
tion, let the whole of it go together. 1 am
prepared to vote for the amendment offered
by the Senator from Maine. If it was right
to remit that part of the tax which has not
been paid, it is right to refund that part which
has been paid.
