1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
crease of force is necessary, I do not believe.
I think we may as well save some three or four
thousand dollars by this amendment, and cer-
tainly if the Senate adopts the rule to allow
all that is asked for in these recommendations
we shall swell our appropriation bills to au
enormous amount.
Mr. RAMSEY. Do I understand the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations to
assent to the proposition of my colleague ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] moves_ to perfect
the paragraph before the question is taken on
striking it out, by striking out " two clerks of
class four" and " one messenger."
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota that it seems
to me the better way to reach what he and I
both desire would be to let the amendment
stand as it was reported by the committee.
Let us go on and let the Department see dur-
ing the next year whether the force is oris not
sufficient. If not, we can provide for it in the
deficiency bill next year. Then we shall have
the experience of part of the year to enable
us to know exactly how much is required. If,
however, you make this appropriation in ad-
vance, it seems to me it will be an inducement
to employ this extra labor instead of hold-
ing out a corrective to reduce it within the
smallest possible scope. I agree to what the
Senator from Minnesota has said, but yet
would prefer to try it as the committee has
recommended it, and let us see what the
actual wants of the Department are as in-
creased by the money-order business. If there
is to be with Germany a large increase of this
business, which is possible, we shall know how
much that increased business will require as
to the clerical force of the Department when
we come here next winter ; and we shall then
be able to act knowingly, and yet wo shall be
doing our duty in keeping down these appro-
priations as far as we can.
Mr. RAMSEY. The honorable Senator
from Hftutucky suggests that we let this matter
go over for a year with the idea that wo can
then provide for it. A great deal ol the busi-
ness may be lost within a year for lack of suf-
ficient clexical force, llere is a business
already amounting to $4;!,000,000, and many
millions of orders are issued monthly. Alt
this money should be carefully gathered and
the whole business of 1he office should be
economically, properly, carefully, and well
done; and we certainly ought not to hesitate
about appropriating sufficient to provide
enough clerical force to do the work. The
net profits of this branch of the service now
exceed §100,000 per annum and will amount
to a very considerable sum in the progress of
years it' the increase of the business goes on
as at present. It is impossible, of course, for
the Senate by itself or by its committees to
ascertain precisely what amount of clerical
force is wanted in all the various Departments
of this Government. One fact certainly they
must recognize with regard to the Post Office
Department, that it is a Department growing
in its business, growing in its personnel, grow-
ing in its responsibility and care; and they
cannot well deprive it of an increase of clerical
force from lime to time to meet, these necessi-
ties. However, I will agree, if the Senate will,
to accept the amendment of my colleague.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Windom.]
Mr. POMEROY. I was not in my seat at
the moment the Senator from Minnesota sug-
gested his amendment to the amendment, but
I heard what the chairman of the Committee
Oil Appropriations said ; and if that is the
voice of the committee, if they think that some
clerks in some other Department can be de-
tailed for this service without having any
knowledge of that fact, it is a very flimsy
pretext on which to go against the recom-
mendation of the Department. The head of
this Department sent a letter to the House of
Representatives, which has been read here, in
which he says be wants these clerks. The
chairman of the committee says that he thinks
he can detail them from some other branch
of the service. That is the opinion of the chair-
man of the committee as against the official
communication of the head of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
Mr. POMEROY. Any questionyou choose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator says that
these employes that we are to have detailed,
other clerks in the Post Office Department, do
not understand the business.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not say so. I said
that the chairman of the committee stated that
that was their substitute for this paragraph.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the honorable Sen-
ator's pardon. He said that the chairman of
the committee had stated that these other clerks
would not understand the business. That was
the observation the Senator dropped within two
minutes, and I wished to ask him whether clerks
already in the Department would not under-
stand the business quite as well as civilians
who are to come in under this new provision,
entirely inexperienced.
Mr. POMEROY. My point is not that the
clerks would not understand the business. My
point is that we have no knowledge that there
are any clerks who can be detailed for this
business. It is not known to the Senate that
there are any. I doubt whether it is knowft
to any member that there is a surplus of clerks
that can be detailed in any other bureau for
this specific work. I do not doubt, but that
the clerks are well informed, that is not the
point with me; the clerks might be well in-
formed if they could be spared.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENSON. One or two of the
Secretaries informed us that they were in the
habit of detailing clerks, and that the business
was satisfactorily performed by the detail.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Postmaster Gen-
eral so informed the committee, I will yield
the point.
Mr. STEVENSON. No ; but I say it has
been done in other Departments.
Mr. POMEROY. But here we have a letter
from the Postmaster Gefteral staling that he
wants this service performed by new clerks.
If the Postmaster General has said anything
against that, I yield the point.
Mr. STEVENSON, f take it that the Post-
master General is as fallible aa the rest of
mankind, and he may be mistaken. He has
got along during the past year with the present
force.
Mr. POMEROY. But be gives the reasons,
on account of the increase of this service, why
he wants an increase of force. It is not an
imputation that the Postmaster General is
infallible ; we do not claim infallibility for any
head of a Department; but discharging the
duties of that Department he asks lor these
clerks and is answered that it is the opinion
of some members that they can be detailed
from some other portion of the service. That
is no answer to what the Postmaster General
requires, and I insist upon it that the Post-
master General, being responsible for the ad-
ministration of his Department, is the better
judge of what he wants, and I propose to
give him exactly the number of clerks that he
asks for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it is a
very extraordinary thing, perhaps one that
would be worth while to make a speech upon,
in the subject of political science, that the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
seems to feel it to be its duty to aid the Post
Office Department in whatever it demands in
forcing money out of the public Treasury.
There never was an instance in which the
Committee on Appropriations undertook to
economize in respect to the Post Office De-
partment, that I remember, when our honorable
friends on the Post Office Committee did not
feel it to be their duty, oue which must be per-
formed at all hazards, to fight against the
Treasury and in favor of the Department. Of
course they feel so, and therefore they are
justified in doing so.
Now what do we find? We find that we
have a money-order system and we find that
the Post Office Department has a very large
force of clerks. One particular portion of its
duties it is said is increasing. Instead of wait-
ing to see by the stress of actual experiment
for a year how far the present force may be
assigned—because the Postmaster General
may assign every clerk in his Department to
this office if he pleases—without seeing how
far the present whole force may be drawn
from, as you would in the Army for special
service, to attend to this business, we must
immediately create a new class of new officers.
I do submit to the Senate that if we are really
for economy and really for making the most
out of the public service with the force we now
have, we ought not to create new offices for
this particular branch, one of the details of
the Post Office Department, without first trying
the experiment with the force that we have.
In every Department there are many clerks
necessary and indispensable to keep up the
organization and to attend to duties which
come periodically but which are not constant.
There are many clerks who, for one half of
their time, can just as well be attending to this
duty in this particular Department as attend-
ing to nothing at all, or waiting for the time
to come when they will have something to do.
Now, instead of that, it is proposed to in-
crease the whole body of the office-holders,
the employes, the clerks, and pay them a
compensation out of the Treasury assigned
exclusively to this particular business. I sub-
mit to my honorable friend from Minnesota,
that if we find next December (which will be
substantially only at the end of the first quar-
ter of the year for which this bill provides)
that the Postmaster General is unable to get
on, we can then provide for what is needed.
I know that he, as a Senator, desires to econ-
omize in the interest of the public service and
desires to keep down the expenditures, and I
appeal to him to let the Postmaster General
try'the experiment for three or four months
until we meet again, and then, if it is found
that this money-order business cannot be car-
ried 011 with the force he has, everybody will
vote to increase it. I think my friend ought
to feel the force of an appeal of this kind, and
yield to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. If I could have any confi-
dence in what the honorable Senator says he
will do, if I could be satisfied that if the Post-
master General should tell us a year henco
that he wanted this additioftal force the Sen-
ator would agree to vote it, I might consent to
accede to his proposition ; but what do we see
now ? The Postmaster General tells us now
that he wants it, and the Senator refuses to
give it. Will the Postmaster General be bet-
ter able to tell a year hence what he wants
than he is now ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. A great deal better after
experience.
Mr. IiAMSEY. But the mischief will have
been done. If the Senator will look at the
reports of the Postmaster General, he will
find that the annual increase of the money-
order business is twenty-three per cent.; and
is it rational that there should be no increase
in the clerical force required in that branch of
the Department ? Any bank in this country
doing a business of this kind increasing in this
way would require year after year an increase
of its clerical force. The reason of the thing,
independent of the request of the Postmaster
