2290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
which I have resisted hitherto, and which I
intend to resist until I see better reason for
changing my mind than I have yet seen.
But, as I say, I do not wish to go into the
merits of this, or present maps, or take time.
I only say it is fair to the Senate, to the public,
to the country, and to the people that we should
not undertake to dispose of this park for any
purpose until we have all the information
which bears on the subject from the War De-
partment, which we have ordered. I there-
fore move to lay this bill on the table.
Mr. COLE. If the chairman wishes that, I
will not object.
Mr. WILSON. Let it be passed over in-
formally.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want it passed
over informally to be taken up in an hour when
I ain out of the Chamber.
Mr. WILSON. Let it go over until we get
the information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I move then
that the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. J give notice thatl will endeavor
to have the bill acted on. I want the Senator
from Vermont to take notice of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I take notice, and I will
be ready to act, as soon as I get the informa-
tion, to the content of my friend from Cali-
fornia.
OFFICERS WOUNDED AND IN CAPTIVITY.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
biU No. 711.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider'the bill (S. No. 711) explanatory
of a joint resolution approved July 11, 1870,
entitled ''Joint resolution amendatory of joint
resolution tor the relief of certain officers of
the Army," approved July 2G, i860.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the biil with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
in line seven of section one, after the word
"shall," to strike out '' not;" after the words
"construed to," to strike out ''deprive" and
insert "allow;" in line ten, to strike out " of,"
before the words "the same;" and to add at
the end of the section the words "had they
been present with the command to which they
were commissioned:'' so that the section if
amended will read:
That joint resolution approved July 11, 1870, enti-
tled "Joint resolution amendatory of joint resolu-
tion for tho relief ot ncrtain officers of the Army,"
approved July 20,1866, shall be construed to allow
any persons held us prisoners of war by the enemy,
or who muy have been m hospital by reason ol'
wounds or disability at the time of or subsequent
to the issuing ot their commissions, the same pay,
oinoluments, und benelits uuder this act as if actu-
ally mustered at that date: Provided, That a va-
oancy then existed, or from such time thereafter as
a, vacancy did actually exist, into which they could
have been mustered had they been present with the
oommand to which they wore commissioned.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line one, to strike out the words "third section
of so as to read :
That said joint resolution, so far as inconsistent
with the provisions of this resolution, is hereby
repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 should be glad to have
the Senator from Massachusetts explain to
us this bill. According to my recollection,
this is a bill which makes a very important
change mthe present law respecting the dates
from which officers shall draw increased pay
on account of promotion, not receiving their
commissions, which they might have received,
or not being mustered, or whatever it may be,
which involves, as I have understood, if it is
. the bill I think it is, the expenditure of a large
sum of money. I think we ought to act con-
siderately upon the subject and know precisely
what it means, what it applies to, and how
much the increase of constructive pay, so to
• speak, in respect to promotions, will amount to.
Mr. WEST. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs has intimated to me to
respond to the question of the Senator from
Vermont. It is true, as the Senator from
Vermont has stated, that the very object of
this bill is to relieve those officers who either
by reason of their being captured during the
service or by reason of wounds or disability,
were prevented from being mustered into the
service ; and it is nothing more than remedial
legislation on a subject that Congress acted on
iu 1866, as Senators will observe if they refer
to the tenor of the act.
The joint resolution passed July 26, 1866,
provided for exactly this relief; but there was
unfortunately a clause in that resolution that
was ambiguous, and it was amended by the
resolution of July 11, 1870, which contained
a clause that prevented the War Department
from complying with it. That clause is—
"That this resolution shall not be construed to
apply to cases in which under the laws and Army
regulations existing at the time there could havo
been no lawful muster into service even after the
actual receipt of the commission."
The laws and regulations of the service in
that respect are embraced in General Orders
No. 48, November 25, 1863, which provide
that—
"No officer shall be mustered in to date back
beyond the time that he has actually been perform-
ing the duties of the grade into which he desires to
be mustered/'
This is to provide for cases where officers
were captured, and pending the receipt of
their commissions were prevented from being
mustered into the service. It is action that
Congress had already taken or meant to take
six years ago. This is merely remedial, to
correct an oversight at that time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator has not
quite answered my question. I am asking for
information, whether the scope of this, the law
not now providing for it, is or is not to give
increased pay to officers who may have not
been mustered in, whether owing to being in
prison or for whatever cause, back to the date
of the commissions which were afterward
issued to them ?
Mr. WEST. Yes, sir, a man might have
been an enlisted man, promoted to a commis-
sioned office, who in the mean time was cap-
tured and could not be mustered in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Captured after he was
promoted '!
Mr. WES'!'. Capturedpending the receipt of
his commission, or after his commission was
received and before he could be mustered in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That might makes allthe
difference in the world. If an officer or sol-
dier were captured after the receipt of his
commission so that he actually, at the time of
his capture, held a given rank, and was then
captured, so that he could not be mustered in
on his new rank, then I think it would be a
matter of equity probably to give him the pay
that belonged to the rank indicated by the
commission ; but if he were captured or any
thing else happened to him before he received
his commission and before he had been pro-
moted, and then afterward while he was in cap-
tivity a vacancy occurred which would entitle
him to promotion, and then two or three years
afterward he comes back, while somebody else
has been performing the duties that he would
have performed 
Mr. WEST. No.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And takes his promo-
tion——
Air. WEST. Allow me to correct that error.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Wait until I state the
point.
Mr. WEST. But you have stated a point
that is not correct.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may be; I have
not stated any point at all, except hypothetic-
ally. I say that if the case is so and so,
then it would be a very different case from
that of an officer receiving a commision and
having therefore got the rank and assumed
the responsibilities, and then' happened to be
taken prisoner on that day or wounded so that
he could not be mustered, which is a mere
formality, a mere matter of proof. There the
officer I think would justly aud clearly be
entitled to his pay, and I understand by law
he gets it now. There is not the difficulty.
The difficulty, as I understand it, is in another
class of cases. Take the case of a man who
at the moment of capture, for illustration, is a
private; in that same battle, after his cap-
ture or during that battle, a second lieuten-
ant is killed by a casualty of war, and there is
to be a promotion from the ranks to fill up
that place of second lieutenant. This par-
ticular man would have been promoted it' he
had not been captured ; he was entitled to
promotion ; begets it for the time being form-
ally on the books, and holds the place in some
way, so that he does not lose by his captivity
the right to go up when he comes back. He
does come back, and does go up into a higher
rank. Now the question is whether you are
to give him constructive increased pay for that
time or not. If this bill is to provide for a
class of cases of that kind, it will take a great
deal of money from the Treasury for mere
constructive pay for a rank that the person
did not hold at the moment of his capture. It
gives constructive pay for a commission which
is antedated. I say it is wrong to the rest of
the soldiers and wrong to the Treasury to give
it to them; and as 1 understand the principle,
having heard something about this on a former
occesion under the act of 1866, I am bound to
say that I do not think the bill is right under
existing circumstances.
Mr. WEST. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from Vermont is undoubtedly correct that
this is intended as constructive pay to men
who did not do service, but solely owing to
the fact that they were in the hands of the
enemy at the time and could not do it; but
there has been nobody else who occupied these
positions ; their services were dispensed with,
or rather the affairs of the Army were con-
ducted and these men reported absent with
the rank to which they had been assigned.
In 1866 this matter was understood by Con-
gress, and they passed the resolution here
referred to; but it is ascertained that owing
to a regulation, not a law of Congress, but
owing to a regulation made by the War Depart-
ment that a man could not be mustered in
unless he was present with his command, these
parties were prevented from getting their pay,
and it is a mere question for the generosity of
Congress to determine whether, when a man
was captured by the enemy and was anxious
and desirous to serve in the rank to which he
had been assigned, he should draw pay while
in prison, as a lieutenant, or whether he shall
be contented with the pittance of a private
soldier. I think no matter how much money
is involved—and I do not think it is a matter
of ai>y great moment—it is merely to do justice
to certain men who pined and languished in
prisons and would have been glad to have been
on the field to share the dangers of battle, and
now it is proposed not to allow theui the pay
that their rank entitled them to.
Mr. MORTON. I have no doubt about the
justice and propriety of this bill. I have per-
sonal knowledge of some cases where commis-
sions were issued during the war, but were
not received because the parties to whom they
were issued were captured. Again, commis-
sions were issued to persons who were at the
time prisoners of war, but who were entitled to
commissions according to the line of promotion
adopted by the State. I am speaking now of
the volunteer service. A line of promotion
was adopted by the State of Indiana. When
a vacancy occurred, the commission was sent
to the person entitled to it in the line of pro-
