1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1395
General, is entirely in favor of his recom-
mendation.
The honorable Senator from Vermont would
have us suppose that the whole business of the
nation has been monopolized by the particular
committee of which he is a member, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and that no other
committee is to be familiar with any item in
the appropriation bills. If we find in the
appropriations they are making that they are
crippling any particular branch of the public
service, is it not the peculiar duty of the
committee to which that branch of service is
referred to call the attention of the Senate to
it? It is in that spirit that I have referred to
this matter. I hope the Senate will refuse to
adopt the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, and in the way of compromise
I will agree to the amendment of my colleague.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Windom,] to perfect the paragraph pro-
posed to be stricken out.
Mr. COLE. I am willing to accept almost
any compromise that will enable us to get on
with the bill. I said when on my feet before
that this matter could be settled upon ade-
quate information in the conference committee,
if the bill should go there, or in the other
House if the bill should be reconsidered in the
House when our amendments reached there.
I hope in some way we may get on with the
bill. The committee of the Senate proposed
to strike out this whole paragraph, this addi-
tional force of eight persons asked for by the
Department. I think that prior to the action
of the committee on this matter the Postmas-
ter General appeared before the committee
and made a statement, the precise terms of
which I do not remember, but the idea was
that he could possibly get along with less than
the eight, and. I think about the proportion
that my colleague on the committee, the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, [Mr. Windom,] proposes
shall be allowed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My object is to have the
Postmaster General, from the 1st of July until
the 1st of December, when we meet again, try
the experiment of seeing whether he cannot
get along with his present force. If, when he
has tried the experiment, it appears that instead
of wishing to have clerks added by way of
prophecy, so to speak, they are really needed,
then of course I shall be very ready, and I
hope every one else will, to give him all the
force he absolutely needs. I prefer, therefore,
to take the question on the report just as the
committee made it.
Mr. POMEEOY. I wish to add to what I
said a few minutes since in reply to the Senator
from Vermont,, that the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads only sustain that rela-
tion to the Post Office Department that other
committees do to other branches of the public
service; and we are not particularly employed
heretodefend the Postmaster General. Now,
I should like to put a case to the Senator from
Vermont. Suppose the Department of the
Interior through the Commissioner of Pensions
should send here a letter, as the Postmaster
General has done, stating that there was a
great increase in the pension business; that
there was a new pension list, as he did state
two or three years ago, and asking for so many
new clerks, because the business of that De-
partment was increasing to such an extent that
they were demanded ; the Senator from Ver-
mont, as chairman of the Committee on Pen-
sions, would take that communication, exam-
ine it, and he would see the reasonableness of
it and accede at once, I have no doubt, to
the request of the Commissioner of Pensions.
Now the Postmaster General says that on ac-
count of postal treaties which have been made
with foreign countriesj and which are to come
into operation soon after the next fiscal year
commences, and on account of the regular in-
crease of the business of that Department, he
vants a few more clerks. The Senator from
Vermont says that is a prophecy, and he will
wait three months to see whether it really turns
out so or not.
Now, the treaties are made, are no proph-
ecy. If they are to go into effect at the time
the Postmaster General says, it is no proph-
ecy. The business done with foreign countries
through postal treates he has already reported,
and that is not a fact to be questioned. Now,
I submit to the Senator from Vermont whether
there is any ground for us to distrust that the
recommendation of the Postmaster General is
not precisely what is needed for the public ser-
vice. The treaties we know; the increase of
the business year by year is well ascertained;
and yet the Senator says we do not need any new
clerks. How does he know? I do not know
it. I take the recommendation of the head
of this Department. I know the facts to which
he alludes of the increase of the service and
of the making of postal treaties, some of which
have gone into effect already, and others are to
go into effect early in the autumn. I submit
that in cases of this kind we should take the
recommendation of the head of the Depart-
ment when he states all the facts upon which
his recommendation is based.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Kansas
has asked me one or two questions. Without
stating exactly what they were, I will say in
the briefest possible way that the Postmaster
General makes recommendations of this kind,
as the other heads of Departments do, upon
the report of a subordinate in a particular
branch. In this particular instance I feel safe
in saying that the Postmaster General makes
this recommendation, if he does make it, upon
the report of the person who has charge of
this particular branch of the public service.
Mr. 3POMEROY. I admit it; that is true.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That particular person
says to him, "I have not force enough in this
particular bureau ; here are five hundred other
clerks," or two hundred, or whatever the num-
ber may be, "in this building "—call it five
hundred for illustration. " What they are
doing I do not know ; you are the master of
them all; I only say that I need three or four
or half a dozen or ten more in this particular
bureau." The Postmaster General indorses
that as a matter of course, and here it comes,
and we are therefore to take it that the pub-
lic Treasury has got to be drawn upon to pay
for additional work in that particular bureau,
when, if you apply to it the experience of every
other Department, you will find that in cases
of that character the head of the Department,
on looking into it, can delegate from other
branches of the service where the work is not
pressing clerks already skilled in the general
service of that Department, and who are much
better than new appointees, to do the service.
If in the end it is found that the whole work,
aggregating it all, cannot be carried on, then
we have to make an increase in the force.
If we were to give these additional clerks
now, it would be in this case exactly like a
farmer who, if he should find on looking over
his fields that the rains and manures had
increased his crop of hay a little, should con-
clude that he must hire half a dozen additional
laborers, although the force he already had in
his corn-fields, and in respect to his dairy, &c.,
might get in the hay just as well. That is what
the case is. All that the Committee on Appro-
priations, who are charged by the Senate
with undertaking to defend the Treasury as far
as they can., and protect the people's money,
propose is, that before we increase the perma-
nent force of the Post Office Department, we
should find by actual experience that the whole
of that force which is at the command of the
Postmaster General is not adequate to carrying
on all the branches of its business, and that only
runs for three or four months under this ap-
propriation bill until we meet again, when, if
it is found by actual experiment that the thing
cannot be done, everybody would be ready to
grant any neeessary increase of force,
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator wants the crop
ruined for this year in order to make the
experiment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Ap-
propriations, as I understand, were of one mind
in reference to this proposed addition to this
particular department of the money-order sys-
tem in the Post Office. It should be under-
stood that there are two bureaus of the money-
order office in the Post Office Department, one .
under the Auditor of the Treasury, and the
other under the Postmaster General. The
Senator from Minnesota, the chairman of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, is
aware that the Committee on Appropriations
have assented to an increase of $29,000 for the
real work in the money-order office. The in-
crease here proposed, however, is for the Post
Office Department that does not do the work.
The work is done under the Auditor of the
Treasury, and we have already increased the
appropriation for the Auditor's office nearly
twenty-nine thousand dollars.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator must be mis-
taken in supposing that the money-order busi-
ness is done by the Auditor.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The great amount of
expenditure for the money-order system is in
the office of the Auditor of the Treasury for
the Post Office Department. In that office our
appropriations this year u-e $266,000.
Mr. POHEROY. He only audits their
accounts.
Mr. SPRAGUE. All this is under his au-
thority, and we have given to his office $29,000
increase of appropriation in this bill. This
item now under consideration is additional,
and it comes directly under the head of the
Postmaster General, which is entirely differ-
ent from the manipulating of the money-order
system.
Mr. SPENCER. One is a check upon the
other.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The work is done where
we have given the money. In the other branch
there is none of this work done of any conse-
quence.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Auditor for the Post
Office Department is a branch of the Treasury.
Department.
Mr. SPRAGUE. But under that Depart-
ment all this business is done, and we have
givenit appropriations amounting to $266,000,
$29,000 more than last year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The questionis
on the amendment of the Senator from Min-
nesota [Mr. Windom] to the paragraph pro-
posed to be stricken out by the Committee on
Appropriations.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 11, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is a quo-
rum present if Senators will only vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again count the Senate.
The question being again put, there were, on
a division—ayes 18, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish to say that I
vote against this amendment in order to strike
out, as the committee have recommended, the
whole paragraph, which will do no injury to
the public service until the 1st of December.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the Senate are un-
willing, as was wisely suggested by the Sena-
tor from Vermont, to wait a year and try this
expenditure and see what is required,_ it
would be better to amend the bill by allowing
for temporary clerk hire $18,000 instead of
$10,000. The committee have already al-
lowed the Postmaster General $10,000 in this
bill for temporary clerk hire. That allowance
is to meet extraordinary exigencies m the
Department. You had better increase that
$10,000 to $18,000, which will meet the views
of the Senator from Minnesota, chairman of
