1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2291
motion, unless there was some reason why he
should be passed over. Now, because he was
a prisoner of war, because he had the misfor-
tune to be captured, that was no reason why
he should be passed over and some one else
put in his place. The commission was issued
to him, but at the time it could not be deliv-
ered and he could not be mustered in. I insist
that such a soldier should not suffer because
of his misfortune. It was to him a cruel pun-
ishment to be confined in such prisons as our
prisoners were held in. That was enough,
without making that a cause of loss of promo-
tion and a loss of pay.
It seems to me on every principle of justice
this bill ought to pass. I know of a number
of cases myself that would be covered by it. I
think the objection made by the Senator from
Vermont has not the force that the Senator
seems to think there is in it. As a mere tech-
nicality these men can be kept out of it, but as
a matter of absolute justice they should not be
kept out, because it is to punish tbern for the
greatest misfortune a soldier can suffer except
that of death, and even greater than death.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to say, as
I do-not desire to take up time, that I do not
insist on any technicality ; quite the reverse;
but I say that it is unjust to the soldiers who
are tax payers, to the soldiers who are pen-
sioners, who are languishing under wounds,
helpless and disabled, to whom we on account
of our poverty are unable to give the support
that we ought to give to them, to give con-
structive pay to officers who were not thus
wounded by a mere construction of law in
datingj back their commissions, and that is
what it is. It will take miiiions of money from
the Treasury, as I am informed and believe.
I therefore ask for a division on the third
reading of this bill.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 21.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WEST. I will not detain the Senate.
I merely wish to make one remark in reply to
the Senator from Vermont. I conscientiously
believe that half a million dollars will cover
the expenditures under this bill. The Senator
from Indiana says it will not take that; that I
have overestimated the amount. It is a mat-
ter more of feeling than it is of profit.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My information is alto-
gether different.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton,
Cole, Ciagin, Ferry of Michigan, Kellogg:, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Ifye, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey,
Sohura, Seotr, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Wept,
Wilson, Windotn, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Casserly, Cooper,
Davisot West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry ofConnec-
ticut, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Johnston, ICelly, Pomeroy, Robertson,
Saulsburv, Stevenson, and Trumbull—IT.
AI3SENX—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, B1 air. Bore-
man, tirownlow. Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler,
Conklmg, Corbett, Davis ot Kentucky, Fenton,
Flanagan. 1'relinghuysen. Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Korwood, Patterson, Pool, Rice, Sawyer,
Sherman, Sprafrue, Stockton, Tburman, Tipton, and
vickers—34.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
ASA M. TRIMBLE.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
House bill No. 535.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 535) for the
re'.ief of Asa M. Trimble. It directs the Pay-
master General of the Army to allow and pay
to Asa M. Trimble, late first lieutenant and
regimental quartermaster of the sixty-fifth !
Ohio volunteer infantry, out of the appropria- i
tion for the pay ot the Army, the difference
between the pay ot quartermaster sergeant and
that of second lieutenant and regimental quar-
termaster, from the 1st ot May, 1862, to the
9th of October, 1862, inclusive, he having
actually acted in the capacity of second lieu-
tenant and regimental quartermaster during
that time, and having received therefor only
the pay of a quartermaster sergeant.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PAY 01" ENLISTED MEN OF THE ARilY.
Mr. WILSON. 1 now move to take up
Senate bill No. 607.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 607) to establish the
pay of the enlisted men of the Army. It pro-
vides that from and after the 1st of March,
1872, the monthly pay of the following enlisted
men ot the Army shall, during the lirst term
of enlistment, be as follows, with the contin-
gent additions thereto, hereinafter provided :
sergeant majors of cavalry, artillery, and
infantry, twenty-three dollars; quartermaster
sergeants of cavalry, artillery, and infantry,
twenty-three dollars; chief trumpeters of cav-
alry, twenty-two dollars; principal musicians
of artillery and infantry, twenty-two dollars;
saddler sergeants of cavalry, twenty-two dol-
lars ; first sergeant of cavalry, artillery, and
infantry, twenty-two dollars; sergeants of
cavalry, artillery, and infantry, seventeen
dollars; corporals of cavalry and light artil-
lery, fifteen dollars ; corporals of artillery and
infantry, fifteen dollars; saddlers of cavalry,
fifteen dollars; blacksmiths and farriers of
cavalry, fifteen dollars ; trumpeters of cavalry,
thirteen dollars; musicians of artillery and
infantry, thirteen dollars ; privates of cavalry,
artillery, and infantry, thirteen dollars; hos-
pital stewards, first class, thirty dollars; hos-
pital stewards, second class, twenty-two dol-
lars; hospital stewards, third class, twenty
dollars; ordnance sergeants of posts, twenty-
three dollars; sergeant majors of engineers,
thirty-six dollars; quartermaster sergeants
of engineers, thirty-six dollars; sergeants of
engineers and ordnance, thirty four dollars;
corporals of engineers and ordnance, twenty
dollars; musicians of engineers, thirteen dol-
lars ; privates (first class) of engineers and
ordnance, seventeen dollars; privates (second
class) of engineers and ordnance, thirteen
dollars.
To the rates of pay above established one
dollar per month is to be added for the third
year ot enlistment, one dollar more per month
for the fourth year, and one dollar more per
month for the fifth year, making m all, three
dollars' increase per month for the last year
of the first enlistment of each enlisted man
named in the first section of this act. But this
increase is to be considered as retained pay,
and is not to be paid to the soldier until his
discharge from the service, and is to be for-
feited unless he shall have served honestly
and faithfully to the date of discharge. All i
former laws concerning retained pay for pri- !
vates of the Army are rescinded. j
All the enlisted men who have reenlisted or j
who shall hereafter reenlist under the provis- I
ions of the act of August 4, 1854, are to be '
paid at the rates allowed m the second section
of the present act to those serving in the fifth
year of their first enlistment: but one dollar
per month is to be retained from the pay of i
the reenlisted men, of whatever grade, during i
the whole period of reenlistment, to be paid !
to the soldier on discharge, bat to be forfeited j
unless he shall have served honestly and faith-
fully to the date of discharge. i
Enlisted men now in the service are to j
receive the rates of pay established in this |J
act, according to the length of their service, i'
and nothing contained in this act is to be con- 'I
strued as affecting the additional monthly pay
allowed for reenlistments by the act of August
4, 1854.
It is not to be obligatory upon the enlisted
men of the Army to draw their pay at each
payment of the troops; and whenever a sol-
dier has several mouths' pay due he may be
paid the whole or a part at his option; but
when he draws only a part, it is to be for the
part longest due, leaving the remainder in the
hands of the Government, for which he is to
receive interest at the rate of four per cent,
per annum; but whenever a soldier has pay
thus standing to his credit on the muster-roll
of his troop or company, it is not to be sub-
ject to forfeiture, except for desertion.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, in section five,
line seven, to strike out "four" and insert
"six," so as to make the rate of interest six
per cent, on that portion of the soldier's pay
which he leaves in the hands of the Govern-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to call the
attention of Senators for a single moment to
this bill. We have been in the habit of pay-
ing the soldiers of the Army sixteen dollars a
month by extending the time from year to year
for several years. Last July the law expired,
and all they received after that was thirteen
dollars a month. This reduction created
great dissatisfaction in the Army, and we had
a great number of desertions. The proba-
bility is that we lost perhaps a million of dol-
lars last year by those desertions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How did we lose by de-
sertions ? They did not draw pay.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; but it costs a great
deal to enlist men for the Army, send them
out to the frontier, and then have them desert.
There is generally a great loss attaching to the
desertion of men. It is said we lost ten thou-
sand men last year. There is no doubt that it
was induced to some extent by the reduction
of pay, which many of the men regarded as a
breaking of faith, they having enlisled at six-
teen dollars, and the law expiring leaving them
but thirteen dollars a month, being a reduction
of three dollars a month.
I do not wish to press this bill to a vote if
Senators do not see the propriety of it; but
it provides that the pay of the men shall be
thirteen dollars a month, the same as now, but
we carry it up after a man has served two
years to fourteen dollars, then to fifteen dol-
lars, and then to sixteen dollars, and we reserve
all the additional money in the hands of the
Government as security that he will not desert,
and all this increase of pay is held until his
final discharge, the object being to fasten the
men to the service. There are immense tempta-
tions on our frontier to desertion. In many
eases men unquestionably enlist on the Atlan-.
tic coast in order to get west of the Missis-
sippi river, to get into the new country ; many
of them go to the mines, and in many cases we
have had desertions where men have taken
their horses with them and gone off four or
five at a time. It is very difficult in thatcoun-
try to discover these men," very difficult to
arrest and punish them.
The object of this bill is to make it the
interest of the soldiers to stay in the Army and
serve their time out. If they have deposited
in the hands of the Government this increased
pay, they will fill tbe obligation of it; their
interest will be that way, and in order to add
to this inducement we propose to pay thein
interest on the money so held. If they deposit
their money with the Government of the Uni-
ted States and do not draw their pay, but try
to save it, we pay them interest on it. My
own opinion is that the effect of the bill will
be to retain a great many men in the Army,
and that is the object of the measure. Our
Army is tempted more probably than any
Army in tbe civilized world. Our officers and
