1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3187
ments. I am surprised to hear it said, in the
face of the plain, simple English terms, " Con-
gress may by a vote of two thirds of each House
remove such disability;" that it means that
Congress may, by and with the approval of the
President, remove these disabilities.
Mr. MORTON. \\ ill the Senator allow me
to ask biin a question ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask, because the provis-
ion of the Constitution requires that it shall
be a two-thirds vote instead of a majority, is
it anv the less a ''vote" within the meaning
ofthe seventh section of the first article? What
has that got to do with it, because it says "it
shall take a two-thirds vote?" If it did not
use the phrase "two thirds " a majority could
doit. Suppose it had read "Congress may
remove such disability, " would the Senator
pretend for a moment that it would not have
to go to the President, and would not come
tinder the op ration of the seventh section of
the first article? A majority could do it in
that case, but does the insertion of the phrase
'•two thirds " take it out from the operation
of the other clause? Certainly not.
Mr. BAYARD. This would be simply re-
viving the argument which has already been
settled in fkvor of the power of Congress under
the fifth article to amend ihe Constitution by
a two thirds-vote without reference to the
President at all. I take it that argument has
been settled by the approval not only of one
Congress, but of all Congresses since the first
amendment was offered in favor of the fact
that two thirds of both Houses by the filth arti-
cle of the Constitution may propose amend-
ments without reierence to the Presidentat all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask a question
right there?
Mr. BAYARD. I want to answer the Sen-
ator from Indiana.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You have answered him.
I merely wish to ask my fiiend whether this
settlement he speaks of under the constitu-
tional amendment provision has by any wiiter,
or by the court that decided upon that ques-
tion, ever been made to turn upon the number
of votes that were required to put the amend-
ment into the form of a proposal to the States?
Wa  that ever a.lluded to ?
Mr. BAYARD I do not speak of the num-
ber of votes, but I think the Supreme Court
of the United States referred to that in regard
to the question of two thirds in proposing an
amendment.
Mr EDMUNDS. No.
Mr. BAYARD. I had that impression. I
thought the honorable Senator from Illinois,
whose knowledge of the historical facts of this
Case is more accurate than my own, slated
such to lie ihe Case, tliat, there had been a
judicial decision upon that very point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So theie has; but my
question to the ."-enator was whether that judi-
cial decision was made to turn in the slightest
degiee upon the number of votes that that
article of the Constitution required to be
given in order to propose an amendment ?
Mr. BAYARD. My impression was that
the decision was orobably based upon that
fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was based upon quite
a different, view of the case.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not deem it necessary
to revive th<it question, which I consider settled.
I am surprised to hear in the Senate of the
United States the doubt expressed to day
whether Congress can by a vote of two thirds
amend ihe Constitution without regard to the
wish ot the President on the subject. I had
Supposed that to be settled beyond peradven-
t.ure.
But I wish to answer the honorable Senator
from Indiana further upon his question to me
Hi regard to the word "vott ," in the third
section of ihe fourteenth article of amend-
ments, which, he referred to. By the sev-
enth section of the first article it will be
observed that "every order, resolution, or
the concurrence of the Senate
and House of Representatives may be neces-
sary (except on a question of adjournment)
shall be presented to the President of the
United States." What is meant by that?
How do Congress concur? They concur by
majority votes; and whenever two-thirds votes
are referred to it is not by the ordinary phrase
of concurrence, but it is referred to especially
as by a concurrence with two-thirds votes,
which is a special concurrence, not such a one
as is intended in the seventh section of the
first article, which means concurrence by a
majority; and the language that follows in
association with this phrase would completely
establish it. It reads :
" Every order, resolution, or vote to which the
concurrence of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives may be necessary "—
Which means a concurrence in the ordinary
and usual way by a majority—
" shall be presented to the President of the United
States, and before the same shall take effect shall be
approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall
be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House
of Representatives, according to the rules and limit-
ations prescribed in the case of a bill."
Now, what do we find? That two thirds
shall override the veto of the President, if
you require, in the first place, two thirds for a
certain vote, and you provide that whether
the President approves or not in the case of a
common bill requiring but the ordinary con
currence, which is the concurrence of a major-
ity, it, may be repassed over his veto by a two-
thirds vote, then you have removed these two
thirds votes required by other provisions of
the Constitution from the effect of the seventh
section of the first article.
There can be uo doubt, therefore, that it is
straining the meaning of words, it is departing
from the plain effect of the Constitution, when
you undertake to interpret the same language
iu different wavs which occurs iu different
parts of the Constitution. The fourteenth
article of amendments distinctly gives Con-
gress, and Congress alone, the power to amend
this fourteenth article by removing the dis-
abilities. The tifth article of the Constitution
in the same language gives Congress similar
power, no more and no less. Upon that power
it has acted j the country has acquiesced in it;
and I am now surprised to find that in a meas-
ure in its nature amending the Constitution of
the United States Senators will state that, the
assent and approval of the President of the
United States is requisite in one case, when
the history of the country and the constant
decisions of Congress have settled it is not
necessaiy in another.
Mr. CARPENTER. As human life is so
brief, and debates in the Senate, '* like linked
sweetness, long diawn out," i move to lay
this appeal on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hav-
ing decided that he has not the rightunder the
usage of the Senate and the parliamentary law
to refuse to receive this amendment, offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts, the Senator
from Illinois appeals ftom that decision, and
the Senator from Wisconsin moves that the
appeal do lie upon the table.
The motion wavS agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana desired to perfect the original
proposition before the vote should be taken
upon the substitute.
Mr. MORTON. I move to amend the bill
by inserting in section two, line six, alter the
word "same," the following:
That he is not, and has not been at any time
within two years preceding the passage of this act,
a member ot either of the oiganizations commonly
known by the names of the "Invisible Ktopire of
America," the " White Brotherhood," or the"' Con-
stitutional Union Guard,"' respectively, nor ot any
branch ofthe organization commonly known as the
"Ku Klux Klaa."
So that it amended the section will read:
That before any person shall be entitled to the
benefit of this act, he shall, within the district where
he resides, before a clerk of some court of the United
States, or a United States commissioner, take and
subscribe an oath or affirmation to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, aud to bear ti ue faith,
and allegiance to the name, and that he is not. and
has not been at any time within two year3 preceding
the passage of this act, a member ot either of the
organizations, &c.
Mr. HILL. I offer an amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana, to
strike out all of the bill, after the word re-
moved,'7 in line nine of section one, so that
it will have no qualification whatever. It will
then read:
Thnt all legal and political disabilities imposed by
the third section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States on
persons therein menr.ioned, because of their having
engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the
United States, or given aid or comfort to the ene-
mies thereof, be, and the same are hereby, removed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The proposition of the
Senator from Georgia is not in order now,
because there is another amendment pending.
It will be in order afteiward.
Mr. HILL. I offer this as an amendment
to that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia touches a
part of the bill that the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana does not reach. It can-
net therefore be an amendment to that amend-
ment.
Mr. HILL I thought I might move it as
an amendment to the amendment. 1 know the
adoption of my amendment would prevent the
adoption of that. Perhaps, however, I had
be^er wait.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be in
order after the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana is disposed of. The question is on the
amendment ofthe Senator from Indiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it be in order to
strike out those very words if they are inserted ?
The Senator from Indiana, as I understand,
moves to insert certain words. The Senator
from Georgia wants to strike those out. Will
that be in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
when the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana is disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to makean inquiry
whether or not there is more than one bill from
the House of Representatives now pending in
relation to amnesty?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is advised that there is only one general
amnesty bill. There are. however, several
bills removing disabilities from persons named
therein.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we ought not to
prolong by discussion the action of the Sen-
ate on this bill, which will undoubtedly come
before us again. The proposition ofthe Sen-
ator from Massachusetts now is to sriike out
the amnesty bill and insert the civil rights bill,
as I understand it.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the decision of
the Chair, and it is a correct decision, he has
a right to move that. Now. Without wasting
time to debate this matter, I wish to state
the course that I shall pursue. I want to vote
for an amnesty bill; but 1 want, if I can, by-
proper legislative steps, to compel by proper
paiiiamentary motions a small minority of
the House of Representatives to allow a vote
upon the pending proposition. Th*re is pend-
ing in the House of Representatives a civil
rights bill similar in character to the one now
offered as an amendment to this bill. A mi-
nority of the House thus far have been able to
prevent a vote on that bill. It seems to me
the majority of the House ought to be allowed
to vote on it; and if I can by any parliamentary
way devise a mode of compelling a vote in the
House of Representatives upon that bill, I
certainly will resort to it.
Mr. BLAIR. I inquire of the Chair if it is
proper to discuss the action of the House of
Representatives here.
