#G84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
Oil the amendment to the amendment, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply make a
statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator demand a division?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I do not care about
"'The VICE PRESIDENT. But the Senator
must do so, or the judgment of the Chair will
stand as the judgment of the Senate, and the
amendment to the amendment is rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire simply that the
Senate shall understand the question. There is
a difference between the woven goods and the
drugget or felt goods; but they are both very
high, and I do not think we ought to disturb this
classification of wool and woolen goods. They
are all very high, and if you change them at
all you ought to reduce the higher grade
instead of raising the lower.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The duty is very
high ; I have no doubtabout that. The reason
it is high on the manufactured article is be-
cause it is high on the wool. There is thirty
cents a yard duty on the wool in that article f
and that, it seems to me, is a pretty good reason
why the tariff upon it should be equal to the
tariff on the other.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have the
amendment offered by the Senator from Con-
necticut, reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Siieuman] insist on a
division?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
a division, for I do not understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report first the amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut and then the amendment
offered by the Senator fiom Ohio, which re-
verses it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, and
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I only want to under-
stand this matter, for I know nothing about it,
except that the tax is enormously high on all
kinds of carpets. What is the necessity for
the one or the other of these propositions, un-
less the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut is to exempt this thing from the ten
per cent, reduction ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
then recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut.
The amendment was rejected, there being
on a division—ayes '26, noes 28.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I wish to pro-
pose an amendment that I think will be con-
ceded generally by the Senate. It is in behalf
of, I may say, the poor and imperiled fisher-
men. I propose to insert on page 30, after line
four hundred and twenty-seven of section live
of the free list, these words: "twine used for
making gill nets." I have confined it to gill-
nets m order to reach the deep sounding fish-
eries. I am told by those who are engaged in
this vocation that a set of tackle for fishing
operations costs them in excess of $300 on
account of the tax on this twine.
Mr. ANTHONY. How are you going to
distinguish it from any other twine?
_ Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It is twine for
gill-nets. Twine made for gill-nets is known
in the trade. It is gilling-twine. That is the
technical term for it. I have used the phrase-
ology that defines it. I understand that the
twine is not made in this country to any ex-
tent. It comes from a foreign land, and is the
most serviceable. It seems hard that fisher-
men should be compelled to pay on an aggre-
gate of $200 or $300 tax for their tackle. It
does not seem possible that that should be
done.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment,, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask for the
yeas and nays. ["No." "No."]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mich-
igan has been persistently voting hereto make
the whole people of this country pay double on
the salt they use, and now he thinks it is a
great hardship that the fishermen should pay one
third on the twine they use. If he, in his de-
sire to relieve the poor, would agree to reduce
salt one third, then I would vote with him on
the twine.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Is it in order to move
to amend the amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Then I move to amend
by adding "twine for cotton bagging."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Texas.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I have offered
this amendment in good faith for a specific
purpose.
Mr. FLANAGAN. So have I.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I do not mean
by that remark to imply that the Senator from
Texas has offered his amendment in bad faith,
but I think as connected with their vocation
the fishermen certainly ought to have some
little consideration from the Senate. I reply
to the Senator from Illinois by saying that I
did not expect opposition from that quarter.
I have been perhaps during the latter part of
the night following his example, and I propose
to test him in a case connected quite proxi-
mately with his own State. This is a measure
for the relief of the fishermen who are sup-
plying the market of Chicago, the pride of the
Senator, the great city of the Northwest. I
propose to relieve them to the amount of $300
in this tax, and I called for the yeas and nays
for the purpose of putting Senators on the
record on the subject. I desire toseewhether
this boon will be denied to men who are ex-
posing their lives in an occupation so perilous
and attended with so little profit, and there-
fore I have asked for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I hope the Senator's
amendment will be successful. I wish it to
pass; and [ wish to bring the extreme North
and the South together on this question, so as
to unite these two interests, the fish and the
cotton bags. I hope they will both pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Texas
to the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan, to add "twine for cotton bagging."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; there being on a division—ayes 26,
noes 15.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment as amend-
ed, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Chandler, Clayton. Conkling, Corbett, Forry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Harlan, Hill, Johnston, Kel-
logg, Logan, Norwood, Osborn, Pool, Ransom, Rob-
ertson. Stockton, Vickers, andWright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Boreman. Buck-
ingham, Caldwell. Cole, Cooper, Fenton, Frcling-
huysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Kelly,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Scott, Sherman.
Stevenson, Thurman, Trumbull, and Wilson—25.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Edmunds, Perry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Patterson,
Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer. Schurz, Spencer.
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, West, and Win-
dom—26.
So the amendment, as amended, was re-
jected.
Mr. WRIGHT, I have an amendment to
offer to the free list, and if I can have the at-
tention of the Senate, it is an amendment
that I hardly imagine will meet with much
opposition. If we had not been at work so
long, and if it were not so late an hour of the
night, I say in all good faith I should deem it
my duty to present at length the views I enter-
tain on the question. It is only to insert one
word in one line. If the vote be taken by yeas
and nays I shall record my vote of course in
favor of the proposition I make. In view of
the hour of the night and of the great anxiety
to pass this bill, I shall content myself with
making the motion, saying at the same time that
while there are abuudant reasons in favor of
the proposition, I find an all-sufficient one iu
the fact that the General Assembly of my State,
representing as intelligent a constituency as is
to be found in this nation, have instructed my
colleague and myself to vote for this amend-
ment. I trust that it will meet with little if
any opposition, and that we shall have a vote
upon it at once. It is to insert after "logs," in
line three hundred and thirty seven, page 27,
the word " lumber;" so that the line will read,
" logs,lumber, and round manufactured timber
not otherwise provided for, and ship timber."
The effect is to put lumber on the free list.
That is all I have to say about the amendment,
and I ask for a vote upon it.
Mr. BOREMAN, (at one o'clock and
twenty minutes, Friday morning.) There are
a dozen or two amendments yet to be offered,
and I think it is idle to undertake to complete
this bill to-night. I therefore move that the
Senate adjourn. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Clayton, Conklmg. Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan,Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Hitch-
cock, Kellogg, Osborn. Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey,
Scott. Stevenson, and Vickers—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Caldwell, Carpen-
ter, Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin. Fenton,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, IIowc,
Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood, Ransom,
Robertson. Saulsbury, Sawyer,.Sherman, Sprague,
Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Wilson, Windom,
and Wright—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Cameron,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Nye, Patterson, Pratt, Rice, Schurz,
Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, and West—20.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on t,hc amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, adding lumber to the free list.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KELLOGG. I rise to offer an amend-
ment, and in offering it I wish to say that I
do not desire to be deemed persistent by the
Senate, but I feel bound to offer it, and I
desire a minute or two to state my reason for
so doing. It is on page 78, section twenty-
seven, line five, after the word "tax" to
insert "and all taxes from incomes."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana certainly does not mean that
his amendment should come in there, because
the line which he proposes to amend is simply
the title of the act of 1868, and the amend-
ment if inserted there would have no effect
whatever.
Mr. KELLOGG. The section now reads:
That all internal taxes now assessed or liable to
be assessed against, but not collected from ship-
builders as manufacturers, under section four of the
act of March 31, 1868, entitled "An act to exempt
certain manufactures from internal tax, and for
other purposes,"for sales of vessels, be, and the same
a,re,hereby, remitted, and no further assessments
shall be made on account thereof.
I move to amend the section by adding
"and all taxes from incomes are hereby re-
Ike VICE PRESIDENT. That would be
in order, bat certainly the other would not be, -
as line five is simply describing the title of an
act. The Senator from Louisiana moves to
amend section twenty-seven by adding " and
all income taxes are hereby repealed."
