1806
THE CQMRESSIOMAL GLOBE.
Maroli 4,
the PoSt Office Committee, rathe# than keep
this paragraph in the bill, because if you once
increase the number of clerks they become
fixtures upon the Department, and you cannot
get rid of them, If the argument of the Sen-
ator from Kansas be correct, that this addi-
tional force Is required, let us give to the Post-
master General $18,000 to employ temporary
help, and he can use as much of it as is neces-
sary, and by next year we shall know precisely
what is required. Do not let us fix upon the
Department these additional clerks, who will
continue as regularly as the year comes, be-
fore we know what the amount of labor actu-
ally required is to be, Let ua increase the
appropriation for temporary clerks, and then
we shall know at the end of the year how
much is really required.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If we may
believe the statement of the Senator from
Rhode Island, and I am certainly inclined to
put entire confidence in it 
Mr. SPRAGUE. Will the Senator allow
me to say a word at this point?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. SPRAGUE. On page 20 of this bill,
which we have already passed over, the Sen-
ator Will find appropriations under the head
of "Auditor of' tlie Treasury for the Post Office
Department," under which the total amount
is $2GG,6l>0. Under that head there is an
increase of the money-order system according
to the estimates at the beginning of the year
by the Postmaster General:
"Five additional clerks of class three for moncy-
ordor division, Fivo additional clerks of class two
lor money-order division, Fifteen assorters of money
ordors at $900."
These are for the money-order division in
addition to the force heretofore employed, cov-
ering an increased expenditure of $28,500.
The members of the committee examined the
matter in the Post Office Department, before
the Postmaster General, in connection with
the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department, and came to the conclusion that
all had been provided that was required, and
that this additional requirement was au after-
thought and not necessary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Rhode Island has said all thai is neces-
sary to be said on the subject, it seems to me.
We all know that the Senator does not under-
take to examine every subject that comes up;
but what he does examine he examines thor-
oughly. Now, he has said that the main part
of this business is done by the Sixth Auditor
of the Treasury.
Mr. SPRAGUB. Seven eighths of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And that
ample appropriations have been made for that
officer. It follows, therefore, that this appro-
priation ia not needed. Certainly, 1 take it,
the Senate are not going to vote appropriations
that are no longer needed.
Mr. POMEROY. The business done in
the Sixth Auditor's office is the auditing of the
accounts of the money-order offices. I under-
take to say that the whole clerical business of
getting these money-order offices established,
the correspondence, and all that relates to
them, is not done in the Sixth Auditor's office
at all. Nothing is done there but the mere
auditing of their accounts. Tho Postmaster
General tells us that both branches of this
service should bo increased, that tlie increased
business requires increased facilities both in
the Sixth Auditor's office and in the money-
order offiee proper. The Committee oil Ap-
propriations seem to bewiiling to increase one
and withhold the other. The Senator from
Rhode island says we have made an appropri-
ation for the Sixth Auditor. Very well, that
is exactly what you ought to have done; but
there is no provision for the other branch of
this service that attends to the correspondence,
to the appointments of the different money-
order offices, and. to the settlement of their
accounts except the auditing.
Mrs SPBNCERi Almost the s&ttie work is
done in the Post Office Department that is
done in the Auditor's office.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes. I submit to the
Sehate if both these branches of the service
have additional labor thrown upon them where
is the propriety of giving $28,000 for the one
and nothing for the other? The Senator from
Rhode Island seems to think that a great addi-
tional labor will be thrown oil the Sixth Audi-
tor for which provision is madej but that
bureau only attends the settlement of the ac-
counts of these officers prepared in another
bureau. I undertake to say that the Post-
master General hibiself is to be the judge
whether he requires more clerks or not. The
Senator frotn Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] says
that as a matter of course he sends in and
recommends whatever the subordinate officer
recommends to him. I do not apprehend that
that is a matter of course at all; he studies
the question to see whether an increase is
needed in that Department, if he ia a proper
officer, as I take him to be, and then he sends
to us the recommendation of the chief of the
money-order office if he concurs ia it; not
otherwise. This recommendation has the
judgment of* the Postmaster General as well
as of his subordinate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wish to observe to the
Senator from Kansas that if the Auditor of
the Treasury for the Post Office Department
has nothing to do btit what he suggests, his
office is paid a very large sum, amounting this
year to $266,600.
Mr. POMEROY. I said that he audited
the accounts of the money-order offices in
addition to all the others. Of course his office
audits the accounts of every postmaster in tho
United States.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I agree With the Senator
that perhaps the Auditor does nothing but
audit the accounts in his Department and those
that come Under its supervision and for that
service we appropriate in this bill $266,000.
Now, in fact) seven eighths of the building in
this city, if the report of the proper officers is
to be believed, is taken up with the money-
order system, and paid under this head where
we have increased the appropriations §28,000.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator say
that seven eighths of the money-order busi-
ness 
Mr. SPRAGUE. That the Post Office
building is occupied by the money-order busi-
ness.
Mr. POMEROY. Sever! eighths of it?
Mr. SPRAGUE. So I am told.
Mr. POMEROY. I am told right to the
contrary, aud I know where the business is
done, too.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I was there and went all
through it.
Mr. W1NDOM. I moved to amend the
amendment with the hope that we might save
something out of this appropriation. I agree
with the Senator from Vermont that the whole
appropriation ought to be stricken out; but
judging from the feeling which I saw mani-
fested I feared the Senate would probably
agree to vote the whole appropriation, and I
thought perhaps we might save half, and there-
fore I made my motion.
The Senator frotn Kansas seems to think it
very strange that we are unwilling to allow
anything m the Post Office Department when
we allow $28,000 increase in the Auditor's
office. We have already by this bill, as shown
by the Senator ftora Rhode Island, given ten
clerks and fifteen assorters, making an addi-
tion to the force of twenty-five, for the money-
order business, and that is in the Sixth Aud-
itor's office.
Mr. POMEROY. Not in the Post Office.
Mr. WINDOM. But it seems the Post Of-
fice Department, when these estimates were
made, did not appreciate the necessity for any
clerks or assistants in the money-order branch
of the Post Office Department proper, for there
is nothing of that kind in the estimate. They
estimated for an increase of force in the Aud-
itor's office, but there is'nothing in the gen-
eral estimates for this office. I believe the
force appropriated for iti the Auditor's office
is ample to do this work, btit, if necessary,
when the bill comes back to the Senate I Will
offer an amendment to authorize the detailing
of part of that force from the Sixth Auditor'S
office to do this work, although I suppose it
can be done without any such authority. It
seems to me an entirely new thought on the
part of the Postmaster General that this ser-
vice Was needed, because he did not estimate
for it, but it comes now in a letter from the
head of the Department.
Mr. RICE. It is evident, I think, that the
Senate does not understand the question now
before it, and with a view of giving time to
reflect upon it, 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the last vote taken disclosed the
absence of a quorum voting. The Chair, how-
ever, will regard a quorum as in attendance,
because otherwise all business will be sus-
pended ; and a quorum being present, the
Senator from Arkansas moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
l}iisin6ss
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Arkansas withdraw his motion?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir, to accommodate the
Senator from Minnesota for a moment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Inasmuch as the last vote
iudieated the absence of a quorum, perhaps it
is unfair to divide the Senate now on this
question, and I suggest that it be passed over
until we get into the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment being
agreed to for the time being.
Mr. RAMSEY. With the understanding
that we shall have a vote on it in the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not agree to it for
the time being.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Minnesota is pending.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe I asked for the
yeas and nays on that and they were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They were, but
debate has ensued.
Mr. RICE. I am willing to let the question
be taken on this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Minne-
sota [Mr. Windom] to the paragraph proposed
to be stricken out by the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
The question being taken by yeas aftdnays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 18; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Clayton, Cote, Conkling, Corbett, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin.
Hitchcock, Kellogg, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Bice,
Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, West, Windom. aad
Wright—24.
HAYS—Messrs. Blair, Cooper, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Frelinghuy-
sen, Oil ben, Goldthwaite, JoliDston, Kelly, Morrill
of Vermont, Norwood, Robertson, Schurz, Scott,
Sprague. Stevenson, and Trumbull—18.
ABSEjST — Messrs. Amos, Anthony, Bayard,
BrownloW, Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly,
Chandler, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Lewis,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pool, Pratt, Saulsbury, Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Viekers, and Wilson—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion to strike out the para-
graph as amended.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Striking
out this paragraph will sustain the report of
the committee, as I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will.
The question being taken on the motion to
strike out, there were, ou a division—ayes 21,
noes 18.
Mr. RAMSEY called for the yeas and nays,
