11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3189
? l-infer that from the various votes that have
;been taken.
\- Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I should like
i to ask the Senator from Ohio a question. Has
"ever an amnesty bill come here from the
House upon which the Senator from Indiana
; gnd other Senators have not moved two or
i three restrictive amendments?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the fact stated
' very prob ble. The question as to the de-
gree of amnesty, how far we will go, is a ques-
tion of dispute in the Senate.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. And with
that existing dispute between the two Houses,
will not the course which the Senator now
advocates inevitably defeat the passage of
any aninesty bill at this session? I think so.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, I have
no doubt that an amnesty bill will pass, because
any amnesty bill of a general character, even
with the amendment now proposed by the
Senator from Indiana, would relieve ninety
out of one hundred of the people who are
under disabilities. The exceptions in any
amnesty bill that has been proposed are very
limited. According to my recollection the
exceptions proposed in the bill reported by
the Senate committee would not exclude two
hundred people in ail the southern States. It
excludes officers of the Armyand Navy. How
many of them? Very few. It excludes those
who were in Congress. How many of them
are living now? Very few. It excludes prob-
ably persons who were in the State conven-
tions and voted for ordinances of secession.
How many of them are left? Very few.
Mr. BOREMAN. This bill does notexclude
them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, it
is perfectly obvious that if the Senate is will-
ing, without consuming time over this question
that has been debated so often, to allow a fair
vote on the civil rights bill, and let that go to
the House of Representatives, giving the
majority there an opportunity to pass the bill,
or reject it at their pleasure, it will secure
what all seem so much to desire, a practical
general amnesty bill. Whether the amnesty
shall be universal or only general, whether
certain classes shall be excepted or not, is a
question on which every Senator is entitled to
his opinion. My own judgment is that no one
ought to be excluded from the amnesty except
three classes. I have voted and am perfectly
willing to vote for an amnesty bill that will
allow everybody to be relieved from disability
except those men who were here in Congress,
and eieven years ago abandoned their seats
to join the rebellion, and the officers of our
Army and the officers of our Navy, who were
educated by the Government of the United
States, who took an oath of allegiance, and
violated that oath by entering into the service
of the rebellion. With these exceptions I am
perfectly willing to vote for an amnesty bill;
and in my judgment, neither the House nor
the Senate will go beyond that; and there is
no difference between the House and the Sen-
ate on the general subject of amnesty. There
is a desire on the part of some Senators here
to secure civil rights in their broadest sense to
all men, without regard to race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude; and this done,
or with a fair opportunity given to present the
question to the House of Representatives in
such a way that a majority can decide it, there
will be no difficulty about a general amnesty.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, when this
subject was before us early in the session, and
the Senator from Massachusetts moved his
supplementary civil rights bill as an amend-
ment to the amnesty bill, I voted against the
amendment, and I did it in the belief that the
bill could not pass as thus amended. The re-
sult of the vote upon the bill at that time jus-
tified that prediction which I made. I am sat-
isfied now that it is impossible to pass the
amnesty bill so called with the civil rights bill
attached to it in the shape of an amendment
in the same form in which it was placed before.
When another amnesty bill was before us here-
tofore, I was for doing the work which was
then before us, for passing a bill for the relief
of political disabilities; that was the work in
hand ; and I therefore thought it was our duty
aud our policy to do that work,and not attempt
to do two things, which seemed to me some-
what incongruous, at the same time.
But, Mr. President, I am perfectly satisfied
that we ought to pass both these measures,
both the bill for the removal of political dis-
abilities, and the bill for the securing of equal
civil rights to all our fellow-citizens. I am
now, therefore, put under the necessity of de-
ciding whether I will vote to substitute the
civil rights bill of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts for the pending bill, or whether I will
let the bill take the course which it took be-
fore, to meet, as I believe, precisely the same
defeat which it met before.
I believe now that no amnesty bill can pass
the Senate until a civil rights bill has passed
it also, and as I am in favor of both measures,
with the light of the experience at the early
part of the session on this subject I propose
to vote for the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts to substitute the civil rights
bill in its substance for the amnesty bill which
is before us, knowing as I do, or believing as I
do, that there will be no practical difficulty
afterward in passing the amnesty bill within
the next thirty days. I hope, therefore, that
the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts will be adopted ; that we shall pass the
civil rights bill in such a form as seems best
to the Senate; let it go to the House, have a
fair vote there, and whether they agree to it or
or disagree to it, we shall be left then free and
independent to act upon the amnesty measure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I was
much gratified this morning when the Senator
from West Virginia [Mr. Bokemas] rose to
call the attention of the Senate to the amnesty
bill, and gave reasons why it ought to be
passed. I was congratulating myself that the
day of illiberaiity, of hate, was passing away,
and that even the Senator from West Virginia,
who had perhaps as persistently opposed am-
nesty as anybody else, rose in his place and
read the resolution of the Republican national
convention cf 1868 in favor of amnesty, and
went on to make an argument to show why a
general amnesty bill should pass. I hailed
that as the light of a better day, as an act that
should restore social intercourse and kindly
feelings throughout the country. But I con-
fess my mortification and my disappointment
when I now see the Senator from West Vir-
ginia, who started out this day in this noble
course of generosity, liberality, and kindness
to all the people of the country, abandoning
his position to give the measure that he advo-
cated but two hours ago the go-by; and when
I see the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Sawyer] rising here to vote to strike the
whole amnesty bill out, to give it the go-by,
and to be satisfied that his constituents should
labor under the disabilities still; and, above
all, I felt disappointed when the Senatorfrom
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] rose in his place and
appealed to the Senate as if it was a matter
of course that it should lay aside the amnesty
bill and adopt what he calls a civil rights bill
for the purpose of coercing the House of Rep-
resentatives to vote upon a measure that
should be sent to them. An independent
branch of this Government, the House of Rep-
resentatives, is not to be left to act as it thinks
proper. It makes its own rules ; it unmakes
them; it considers what it pleases ; it disposes
of measures before it as it pleases ; but the
Senator from Ohio, backed up by the Senator
from South Carolina, who has abandoned am-
nesty, proposes to coerce the House of Rep-
resentatives to act upon a measure that he will
send to them!
I knew that this question of amnesty had
been trifled with; I knew that by one sort of
device and another it had been postponed;
that more than a year ago the House of Rep-
resentatives had sent us an amnesty bill, and
that tbe Senate could not be brought to act
upon it; I knew that the Senator irom Ohio
had united to prevent action upon it; but he
had professed that he was friendly to amnesty;
and now he proposes to defeat the amnesty
bill of the House, and the only general amnesty
bill of the H®use before us. He says we can
pass another bill. Of course we can ; but we
can make amnesty a law by passing the bill
which is now before us from the House of
Representatives. But the Senator does not
propose to do that. Why not? Because he
says he wants a civil rights bill passed, and he
will adopt such measures as will compel the
House of Representatives, an independent
branch of the Government, to act according
to bis wishes in this body ! That is his prop-
osition ; and to pass what? A civil rights bill!
Mr. President, it is a misnomer; and I now
ask the Senator from Ohio, and I would be
glad to give way for an answer, if he will tell
me one single civil right that he has or I have
that the colored people of this country have
not. What is it? What civil right do I have
or has he that is denied a colored man ? I
want to know what it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I answered that question
the other day in debate here, but I will, if
necessary to enlighten my honorable friend
from Illinois, answer it again after he gets
through.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be happy to hear
the answer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to be put
under cross-examination in the midst of the
Senator's speech. When the Senator gets
through, if it is necessary, I will read him the
speech I made on the subject the other day,
which I think very clearly pointed out certain
rights which were denied to colored people in
the southern States, and which I think they
ought to have, and I call them civil rights.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be glad to know
one of them. The Senator, of course, will pur-
sue his own course.
I know of no civil right that I have that a
colored man has not, and I say it is a misno-
mer to talk about this being a civil rights bill.
If the Senator from Ohio means social rights,
if he means by legislation to force the colored
people and white people to go to church to-
gether, or to be buried in the same grave-yard,
that is not a civil right. I know of no right
to ride in a car, no right to stop at a hotel, no
right to travel possessed by the white man
that the colored man has not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How about the right to
go to a public school ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The right to go to
school is not a civil right and never was.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What kind of a right
is it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not a right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a privilege that
you may have to go to school. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont mean to force everybody
to go to school?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, but I mean to force
everybody to let anybody go to school who is
a citizen of this country who wants to go. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I think you can-
not do any such thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall have the pleasure
of trying soon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator may try.
I deny his right as a member of Congress to
force anybody into a school, or to force any-
body to take anybody into a school.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Here in the District of
Columbia ? That is what I am speaking of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
is not speaking of the District of Columbia ;
he is speaking of a bill for the country.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut! There is no
right denied in the District of Columbia.
