1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
necessarily go over. The amendment sent to
the desk by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] will be read.
The Clerk read as follows!
Add the following as a now seetion:
And he it further enacted, That all ships of wood or
iron to be used in the foreign trade, and purchased
in good faith for that purpose by citizens of the
United States, may be admitted duty free, and shall
be allowed registry, the law of December 31,1792,
and all other laws to tho contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, onlyono single
word on thisquestion ofrefereace. The House
has decided, as between the Committee of
Ways and Means and the Committee on Com-
merce, that it should go to the Committee of
Ways and Moans. A conference between the
Committee on Ways and Means and the Com-
mittee on Commerce has resulted in harmo-
nious action between those two committees.
So, then, the question is whether this, the most
important of all measures which can be brought
before the House, shall be passed without the
benefit of consideration by either of those com-
mittees. It does seem to me that when we
have before us such a question as this, of such
vital importance, one deserving of most serious
consideration by a committee of this House,
when there has ceased to be any conflict be-
tween the two committees, one on Commerce
and the other of Ways and Means,because of
their harmonious action and their desire to
accomplish something ; I say it does seem to
me that this House ought not to take any such
action as is proposed by the gentleman from
Maine. That is all I wish to say.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to say
this: that this House has already, I think, by
six distinct references, committed this identi-
cal subject, one of the most important v/e will
have to manage at all in this Congress, to the
Committee on Commerce, and if there is a
subject upon which a committee is wanted,
it is this one, and, as has been already said,
there is to be no want of harmony between the
action of the two Committees of Ways and
Means :md Commerce.
Mr. BANKS. I ask leave to say one word.
Mr. COX. I believe the gentleman from
Maine yields to me.
Mr. HALE. I have not yielded to anybody
vet, as we have very little of the morning hour
left.
Mr. BANKS. Let me have one word. A
subject of the same nature as that of the bill
of the gentleman from Maine was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, that is, the
revival of our shipping interests. It is my
belief that no legislation can be had on this
matter unless a conference or agreement be-
tween the several committees which have this
subject at heart, and which have jurisdiction
over it, can take place, and some harmonious
action arrived at between them. I hope the
gentleman from Maine will let it go to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means if we cannot have
it go to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. It
belongs to the Committee of Ways and Means,
because rt concerns the revenue, and all ques-
tions arising out of the revenue, under the
rules, belong to that committee.
M r. HALE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COX. I wish to say a word against this
referen ce to any committee. The people under-
stand it, and Congress understands it. We
have had this same question before us already,
and are now prepared to vote upon it.
Mr. HALE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COX. The gentleman yields to me a
naonient. I wish_ to say one more word.
Whereas every nation can go and buy ships in
Glasgow and other places, America is the only
nation which has not that privilege. The only
v.*ay, as gentlemen will find, will be to grant
the same privilege to our own citizens. A
committee which traveled over this country,
and by which this thing was thoroughly invest-
igated three years ago, and which passed upon
and determined this question, carae to the
conclusion that that was the only way to revive
our shipping interests.
Mr. HALE. I do not yield the floor any
further, but insist on my demand for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question first recurs
on the motion to refer to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. PETE US. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 132, nays 59, not
voting 48 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Barry, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Bird,
Austin Blair, Braxton, George M. Brooks-Buckley,
Buflinton, Burohard, Burdett, Benjamin 1?. Butler,
Roderick R.Butler, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,Coburn,
Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Crebs, Dawes, Donnan,
Bunnell, Eames, Edwards, Parnsworth. Far well,
3?inkelnburg, Charles Poster, Wilder D. 3?oster,
Garfield, Getz, Goodrich, Griffith, Halsey. Ilanks,
George E. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay, Gerry
W. llazleton, John W. Hazleton, Herndon, Hill,
Hoar, Hooper, Houghton.Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcbam,
Killinger, King, Lamison, Lamport, Lewis, Lowe,
Marshall, Maynard, McClelland, McCrary, McGrcw,
Mclntyre, McJunkin, MeKee, Mercur, Merriam,
Mitchell, Monroe, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Packard, Palmer, Isaac C.Parker,Peck,
Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, EliPerry, Poland.
Porter. Price, Rainey, Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H.
Roberts, Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Seoiield, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snapn, Snyder,
Thomas 3. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, Sutherland, Sypher,
Taffe, WashinstonTownsenil, Turner, Tyner, Upson,
Van Trump, Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Walls,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, John X.Wilson, and Wood—132.
NAYS—Messrs. Archor, Arthur, Beck, James G.
Blair. Bright, Caldwell, Conner, Cox, Crossland,
Dox, Duke, Eldridge, Frye, Garrett, Golladay, Har-
deman, Hale, Hancock, Handloy, Harper, John T.
Harris, Hays, Hereford, Ilibbard, Kendall, Kerr,
Leach, Lynch, Manson, McHenry, MoNeely, Ben-
jamin 1\ Meyers, Moore, Morgan, Niblack, Hosea
W. Parker, Poters, Piatt, Potter, Read, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Sawyer, Sher-
wood, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Swann,
Terry, Vaughan, V oorhees, Waddoll, Warren, W ells,
Whittehorne. and Young—59.
NO'l' VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Barnum,
Beatty, Bell, Biggs, James Brooks, Campbell, Car-
roll, William T. Clarke, Cotton. Creely, Criteher,
Darrall, Davis, De Large, Dickey, Du Bose, Duell,
Elliott, Ely, Porker, Henry I). Foster, Hambleton,
Harmer, iiolman, Kinsella, Lansing, McCormick,
MoKinney, Merrick, Packer, Prindle, Randall, Rob-
inson, Roosevelt, Seeley, Shobor, Worthinston C.
Smith, R. Milton Speer, St. John, Thomas, Dwight
Townsoncl, Tuthill, Twiohell, Walden, Williams of
New York, and Winchester—48.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill
•was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HEREFORD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Davis of West Virginia, was detained at
home by sickness.
Tho result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
loan of JULY 14,1870.
Mr. DAWES. I ask leave to submit a report
from the Committee of Ways and Means upon
the reference to them of the resolution of
December 4, 1871, alleging a violation of law
by the Secretary of the Treasury in negotiating
the loan authorized by the act of July 14,1870.
There is a resolution accompanying the report
which I shall ask to have read. Then I would
ask that the report and accompanying docu-
ments be printed in the Globe; and I give
notice that I will call it up at an early day.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House the
Secretary of the Treasury, in negotiating the loan
authorized by the act of July 14,1870, has neither
increased the bonded debt nor incurred an expend-
iture contrary to law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that he
should move that the report be printed and
recommitted. The calling of it up will then
be at his own discretion.
Mr. DAWES. I move, then, that the report
be printed and recommitted to the Committee
of «-Ways and--Means, with power to report at
any time. I desire that the committee shall
have leave to report in order that there may
be early action.
There was no objection ; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. KERR, It may be that the minority
of the Committee of Ways and Means may
desire to submit a minority report on this sub-
ject. If so, I ask that theymayhavethesame
right accorded to them as has been accorded
to the majority.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the report with-
out the accompanying documents be printed
in the Globe.
There was no objection. The report is as
follows:
The Committee of Ways and Means, to whom was
referred the resolution of December 4, alleging
that the Secretary of the Treasury, in placipg tha
newly authorized five per cent, bonds upon the
market, has violated the law, submit the following
report.
The resolution is in the following words:
" Whereas it is alleged that the Secretary of the
Treasury, in pacing tho newly authorized five per
cent, bonds upon the market, has. in defiance of the
law creating tiiem, increased the public bonded debt,
and has exceeded the one half of one per cent,
allowedby the funding act for all expenses in placing
said loan: Therefore,
"Resolved, That the CommitteeofWaysandMeans
be directed to investigate the said transactions, and
have power to send for persons and papers; and.
to report the amount of such increase of the bonded
debt, if any, the agents employed and paid by him
for the services rendered, all contracts pertaining
to the same, and the sums paid to said agents."
The committee have considered this resolution in
th e same manner as if it had been adopted by the
House, instead of a simple reference to them for
consideration.
Upon their invitation the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the mover of the resolution were both hea$l
by the committee in reference to it.
The statement of the Secretary accompanies this
report, as also that of Mr. Jay Cooke in reference to
the subject.
Tho arrangement under whioh the Secretary has
thus far negotiated the loan authorized by the act
of July 14, 1870, is, as stated by him, as follows:
"On the 28th of February last, public notice was
given that on theGt.h of tho following March booky
would be opened in this country and in Europe fox-
subscriptions to the national loan, under the act,
approved July 14,1870, anil the conditions on which
the subscriptions would be received were also made
known. All the national banks, and a large number
of bankers both in this country and in Europe, were
authorized to receivesubscriptions. The first prefer-
ence was given to subscribers te the five per cent,
bonds, within the limit of $200,000,000. On the 1st
of August the subscriptions amounted to $65,775,550,
chiefly by thenational banks.
"Under date of July 14.1871, a dispatch was received
from Hon. William A. Richardson, Assistant Secre-
tary of the Treasury, then in London, stating that
eertain bankers in Europe proposed to take the re-
mainder of the $200,000,000 of five per cents upon
certain conditions. This proposition was considered
and modified, and early in August an agreement
was made with Messrs. Jay Cooke & Co.,representing
bankers in Europe and in the United States. By the
terms of the agreement, tho parties represented by
Messrs. Jay Cooke k Co. had tha right to subscribe
for the remainder of the $200,000,000 of said "bonds,
by giving notice thereof, at any time previous to the
1 st of April next, andby subscribing for$10,(KK),000 at
once, and for an average of at least five millions of
dollars of bonds per month during the intervening
time, subject to the right of the national banks to
subscribe for $50,000,000 within sixty days from the
2oth day of August. ... ,
"It was also agreed that the subscriptions should
all be made through national banks, and certificates
of deposit therefor issued by said banks to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, bonds to be lodged with tho
Treasurer of the United States for the amount of
the deposit. By a printed circular issued on the
10th of August, 1871, it was announced that national
banks making or obtaining subscriptions, payable
in coin, would be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury as depositaries of public money, on the
usual oonditionof placing in the hands of the Treas-
urer of the United States bonds of the United States
for the security of such deposits; and that, at tho
commencement of each month, notice would be
given of the redemption of an amount of feonas
equal to the amount of subscriptions^ coin for the
preceding month, interest to cease in ninety days
from the date of such notice.
"It.was also stated in the circular that as the
bonds called should mature the deposits would be
drawn from the several banks proportionately. '
" It was further agreed that the subscribers to, the
loan should receive as commissioners whatevermignt
remain of the half of one percent, allowed by law
upon tho $200,000,000, after paymg'the cost of paper
for the bonds, for engraving, printing, advertising,
delivery, and all other expenses of the same.
"" Under this agreement the Woks were opened m
