1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4085
Mr. KELLOGG. I shall occupy but a
single moment in stating to the Senate why I
feel bound to offer this amendment irrespective
of any other consideration. I have sat here
since yesterday at eleven o'clock, and voted
generally, sometimes I have not, but pretty
persistently, I admit, for adjournment since
eleven o'clock last evening, for I thought it
better to adjourn, but otherwise I have voted
constantly for the motions of those who de-
sired to reduce the tariff in the interest of the
people, to reduce taxes in the interest of the
people, as my friend from Illinois- stated
awhile ago. Now, sir, 1 offer this amendment
in the interest of the people. The great cen-
ters, the great corporations, banks and rail-
road companies it is said have paid their
income tax. The Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, who I believe sits in the Chamber,
will tell you that of twelve or thirteen millions
to be collected, and one half collected, the
half that is not collected is not to be collected
from people away from the business centers,
not from corporations, but from people in such
cities as New Orleans and Charleston, where
hundreds of merchants have not paid their
income tax and arc endeavoring to negotiate
loans at from two and a half to three per cent,
a month in order to pay their income tax. 1
propose to relieve that class of people.
Mr. SAWYER. Imove to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following :
And the States which have not paid their full pro-
portion of the direct tax imposed by the act of
Augusta, 1861, are hereby released from all farther
payment on account of said tax.
One word in explanation. The principle of
the amendment of the Senator from Louisiaua
is to remit the income tax which has not been
paid by those who owe it for the last year.
Now, I want to carry out the principle and
remit to those States who are delinquent the
direct tax of 1801. The one iesis on exactly
the same principle as the other; and there are
stronger reasons for my proposition than for
his, because those States are so impoverished
that it is a very difficult matter for them to
pay.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. We have
all heard of this income tax before. I have
uniformly voted for the repeal of the income
tax. All of us understand the subject. Then
why the necessity of explaining it here over
and over again ? I hope gentlemen in their
explanations of these measures will under-
stand that there have been forty members on
this floor all night, who have not opened their
mouths, and I hope they will ascribe to the
gentlemen who say nothing some degree of
intelligence when they are undertaking to
explain to them their views upon matters that
are brought before this Chamber. We know
that when the yeas and nays are called our
names are there, and we make our record in
that way. I hope we shall be allowed to go
on with the bill.
Mr. CALDWELL. I am one of those
members who have sat here all night without
saymg anything. The Senator from Louisiana
says he has voted since eleven o'clock yester-
day for adjournment. I think he is inclined
to continue voting for an adjournment in
offering this amendment. I am as much
opposed to this income tax as he is, or any
other Senator, and I am in favor of passing
this tariff bill ; but I do not believe we shall
pass it to-night if we undertake to put that
amendment upon it. I shall therefore vote
against his proposition.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to correct the
Senator. I have not voted for adjournment
at all, except since last night at eleven o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. ALCORN. We have sat here since
eleven o'clock yesterday, and it is now half
past one o'clock. I desire to submit to the
Senate that they can do this for the reason that
they can step into the cloak-room or else-
where and take occasionally a siesta ; they can
go to their rooms ; they can go to the lunch-
room and there refresh themselves. But I
desire to appeal to them in behalf of the
officers of the Senate; the Chief Clerk of
the Senate who sits there; the reporters who
sit there, and the Sergeant-at-Arms and other
officers attending. I ask the Senate whether
these men can sit here day after day without
refreshment to abide the will of the Senate on
adjournment?
So far as this tariff bill is concerned we can-
not possibly get through with it, if we continue
it now, before six o'clock in the morning. I
see that every Senator around me has an
amendment in his hand. I have two myself
that 1 have been trying for the last three hours
to get an opportunity to offer; and I see each
and every Senator has a paper in his hand.
Amendment after amendment is to be offered,
and there sit your officers, and I ask whether
we can afford to work them here for full twenty-
four hours without refreshment, after having
passed the eight-hour "law too. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from Mississippi will allow me, I should like
to make a suggestion to the Senate, which is,
that we vote on all further amendments with-
out debate ; and in that way I think we can
close the bill in fifteen minutes.
Mr. ALCORN. I say to the Senator that I
should be perfectly willing to agree to that,
but each and every Senator feels that it is
necessary for him to explain his amendment,
for he feels that the Senate could not possibly
vote understanding^ unless they had his ex-
planation to go along with the amendment;
and upon my word I feel so with regard to the
amendments I propose to offer. I am willing
that every Senator shall be subject to that
rule except myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then, with
the exception of the Senator from Mississippi,
I ask if we cannot agree unanimously that all
further debate shall cease upon this bill?
Several Senators. Agreed, agreed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to that proposition?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have an amendment
to offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This does not
preclude amendments, but only further debate
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. FLANAGAN. But I want to explain
it when I present it.
Several Senators. Oh, no ; do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont ?
Mr. FLANAGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I will
make the proposition, with the exception of the
Senator from Texas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont renews the proposition except-
ing the Senator from Texas. Is there objec-
tion to it in that shape? [''No!" "No!"]
Mr. CHANDLER. One objection is suffi-
cient.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is in a
different shape, however.
Mr. POOL. I propose to add to that exception
'1 and such other Senators as wish to speak.''
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. The question is on the amendment to
the amendment, offered by the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. LOGAN. Can I offer a substitute for
both ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair
doubts whether it would be in order. If the
Senator will send it up, the Chair will rule
upon it. [After examining.] This will not
be in order until after the amendment of the
Senator from South Carolina is disposed of.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I kuow we cannot
get through with this bill to-night, and there-
fore I move to adjourn.
Several Senators. No, no; let us get
through with the bill.
Mr. NYE. Before that motion is put I
want to stamp this bill a little with my impress.
I have got one word that I want to insert in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Texas withdraw his motion or not?
Mr. FLANAGAN. No, sir, I do not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
must submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were o-rdered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to say to the
Senate, and have my remark put in the proper
place, that on a question which affected the
citizens of my own town very much, the ques-
tion of earthenware, I was paired with the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman.] I would
have voted to keep the duty on earthenware
and he would have voted the other way. I
had no other opportunity to make this state-
ment. I vote "nay" on the pending motion.
The result was announced—yeas 18, nays
34; as follows:
Y EAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, Clayton, Conkiing, Flanagan, Freling-
huysen, Harlan, Hitchcock. Kellogg, Lewis, Osborn,
Pool, Scott, Stevenson, Vickers, and Windom—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Caldwell, Carpen-
ter, Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Fenton,
Ferry of Michigan, Goldtliwaitc, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hill, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Logan. Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Moiton, Norwood,
Nye, ll'amsey, Hansom, Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Sherman, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Wil-
son, and Wright—34.
.ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow,
Cameron, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Ilamlm, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pratt, Rice, Schurz, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Tipton, and West—22.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Clayton] desires an executive
session, and I move that we proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from South Carolina, to
remit the direct tax levied on the States yet
remaining unpaid.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana, which is to repeal the income tax.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend that amend-
ment by inserting the following in lieu of it:
That all taxes heretofore collected on incomes
shall be refunded, with interest thereon from the
time of collection; that the amount disbursed for
thispurpose shall be replaced by a tax on salt; and
hereafter all persons who have incomes shall bo
exempt from the payment of taxes ; and such rev-
enues as are required for the economical adminis-
tration of the Government shall_ be collected ex-
clusively from those who have no income.
[Laughter. ]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the substitute offered by the Senator
from Illinois.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I call for the yeas and
nays on that.
Several Sexators. It is too late; the vote
has been announced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator demand the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment as amended ?
Mr. KELLOGG. Upon the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair had
declared that the ayes appeared to have it,and
then that the ayes did have it. He now thinks
the call for the yeas and nays is too late. The
question recurs on agreeing to the amendment
as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was rejected.
