1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1397
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows:
TEAS — Messrs. Blair, Colo, Cooper, Davis of
West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
IVelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly,
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Sawyer,Sehurz, Scott,
Sherman, Spraaue, Stevenson, Tipton, Trumbull,
and "vyindom—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Aleorn, Boreman, Caldwell,Chan-
dler. Clayton, Corbett, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Kellogg, Nye, Porne-
roy, Ramsey, Bice, Robertson, West, and Wright—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cas-
serly. Conkling, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton,
Goldthwaitc. Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill,
[Iowe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Saulsbury, Spencer,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurmau, Vickers, and
Wilson—33.
So the motion to strike out was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. RICE. I renew my motion that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After one hour and thirty minutes
spent in executive session the doors were re-
opened ; and (at four o'clock and two minutes
p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 4, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair as Speaker pro tempore.)
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Botleb,
D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
oedee op business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This being
Monday, the first business in order will be the
call of the States and Territories, beginning
with the State of Maine, for the introduction
of bills and joint resolutions for reference to
their appropriate committees, and not to be
brought back by motions to reconsider. Under
this call memorials and resolutions of State
and territorial Legislatures are in order. The
morning hour now begins at five minutes past
twelve o'clock.
storm and flood signals.
Mr. HIBBARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1783) to lest a plan of storm ana flood
signals; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
samuel ciiism.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1784) for the relief of the
sureties of Samuel Chism, late postmaster at
Newton, Massachusetts; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. It is for
the relief of the sureties of a postmaster.
Mr. RANDALL. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads have agreed to
consider no claims, and to ask that those that
have been referred to them shall be referred
to the Committee of Claims. If this bill shall
be referred to the Post Office Committee, it
will only be brought back again for reference
to the Claims Committee.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I think
the Post Office Committee is the proper com-
mittee to consider this bill.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Rakdall to substitute the Committee of
Claims for the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads; and being taken, there were—
ayes 34, noes 47 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered} and Mr. Brooks,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Randall were
appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirty-three,
noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Brooks, of Massachu-
setts, was then agreed to ; and the bill was
accordingly referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
samuel a. duncan.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1785) for the relief of Samuel A. Dun-
can ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Patents, and
ordered to be printed.
henry n. galpin.
Mr. STRONG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1786) for the relief of Hemy N. Galpin, post-
master at Berlin, Connecticut; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
brooklyn naval hospital.
Mr. SLOCUM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1787) to provide for the sale of the naval hos-
pital in Brooklyn, New York, and the adjoining
land; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. ELDREDGE called for the reading of
the bill, and it was read in full.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
retirement of army officers.
Mr. SLOCUM also introduced a bill (EL
R. No. 1788) relative to the retirement of
officers of the Army; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
importation or highland uniforms.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1789) to permit the importation, free
of duty, of certain Highland kilts and uniforms
for the seventy-ninth regiment (Highlanders)
of the National Guard, State of New York;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. ELDREDGE called for the reading of
the bill in full, and it was read.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
clerical force of land office.
Mr. KETCHAM introduced a bill (H. B.
No. 1790) to reorganize the clerical force of
the General Land Office; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for the reading
of the bill in full.
The bill was read.
Mr. KETCHAM. I move the reference of
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ketcham,] so as to refer the bill to the select
Committee on the Reorganization of the Civil
Service.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from New York insist on the refer-
ence of the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands?
Mr. KETCHAM. I do. I will state that the
bill has been prepared by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, who requested
me to introduce it and have it referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to make a remark.
Mr. HAWLEY. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is
not in order. «
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Conger, there were—ayes 29, noes 25;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Conger and
Mr. Ketcham were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 51, noes 49; no quorum voting.
Mr. NiBLACK. I call for the yeas and
n
The jeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 82, nays 85, not voting
73 ; as follows:
YEAS—;Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Beck, Bell, Austin
Blair, Bright, Benjamin F. Butler, Coghlan, Cora-
ingo, Conger, Conner, Cox.Crebs, Cross! and, DarraU,
Davis, Dawes, Duke, Ely, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder I). Foster,
Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Getz. Golladay, Haldeman,
Hancock, HankSjHarper, JohnT. Harris, Hay, Here-
ford, Herndon. Holman, Kelley, Kerr, King, Lami-
son, Leach, Lewis, Manson, McClelland, McHenry,
Mclntyre, McKinney, MeJS'eely, Benjamin F. Mey-
ers, Niblack, Peck, Pendleton. Rainey, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, William R.
Roberts, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Sherwood, Shober, Sla-
ter,Slocum, Snapp,Snyder.Stevens,Storm, Stowell,
Syjpher, Terry, Upson. Vaughan, Voorhees, Wad-
dell, Waldron, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, John T. Wil&on, and Wood—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barber, Barnum,
Barry, Beatty, Beveridgc, Bigby, Bingham, Bird,
James G. Blair. Boles, Buckley, Buftinton, Bur-
cbard, Burdett, Caldwell, Cobb, Cotton, Critcher,
Dickey, Donnan, Box. Bunnell, Eatnea, Eidredge,
farnsworth, llaisey, Handley, Harmer, Havens,
Hawley, John W. Iiazelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
lloughton, Ketcham, Killinger. Lansing, Lowe, Mc-
Cormick, McCrary, McJunkin, Mercur, Merriam,
Monroe, Negley.prr, Packer, Palmer, Perce, Peters,
Piatt, Potter, Ellis 11. Roberts, Ru^k, Sargent, See-
ley. Shanks, Shoemaker, Sloss, 1{. Boardman Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Stevenson.Stoughtou, Strong, ^wami/JCaffe, Thomas,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Twiohell, Tyner,
Van Trump, Wakeman, Walden, Wells, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, and Young—85.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Areher,
Banks, Biggs, Braxton, George M. Brooks, James
Brooks, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Carroll,
William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Coburn, Creely,
Crocker, DeLarge, DuBose, Duell, Elliott. Porker,
Goodrich, Griffith, Hale, Hanableton, George E.
Harris, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Kol~
logg, Kendall, Ivinsella, Lamport, Lynch, Marshall,
Maynard, McGrew, McKee, Merrick, Mitchell,
Moore, JVlorey, Morgan, Morphia, Leonard Myers,
Packard, Hosea W. Parker. Isaac C. Parker, Aspon
F. Perry. Eli Perry, Poland, Porter, Price, Prindle,
Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers, Scofield, Sessions, Shel-
don, Shellabarger, John A.Smith, R. Milton Speer,
Starkweather, St. John. Sutherland, Dwight Town-
send, Tuthiil. Wallace, Walls, Warren, Whitthorne,
Willard, and Winchester—73.
So the amendment of Mr. Conger was dis-
agreed to.
The bill was then referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
general land office business.
Mr, KETCHAM also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1791) to expedite the transaction of
business in the General Land Office, and bring
♦up the arrearages of work; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
fish-breeding establishments.
Mr. ROOSEVELT introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1792) to authorize the erection of lash-
breeding establishments; "which was read a
first and second time, and, with the accom-
panying memorial, referred to the Committee
on Appropriations; and ordered to be printed.
seizure OF books and papers.
Mr. ROOSEVELT also introduced a bill
(II. Ii. No. 1793) in reference to the seizure
of books and papers under the laws of the
United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
SMUGGLING.
Mr. ROOSEVELT also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 17D4) in relation to smuggling;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
transportation company.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of Joseph Seiigman,
Charles H. Lambert, EL W. Gray, Samuel L.
M. Barlow, and George S. Dodge, promoters
of the San Luis Park Transportation Com-
pany, asking a right of way for a railroad from
San Luis park to Great Colorado river ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to he printed.
new york, buffalo, and albany company.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, introduced % bill
(H. K. No. 1795) granting a certain right of
