1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
way to the New York, Albany, and Buffalo
Transportation Company; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
PAYMENT OF DUTIES.
Mr, COX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1796)
to regulate and facilitate the payment of duties
011 merchandise; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
COMMANDER JOHN C. BEAUMONT.
Mr. SHOEMAKER introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1797) authorizing the President of the
United States to remove Commander John C.
Beaumont from the retired list, and to restore
him to the active list in the Navy; which was
read a first and second timet, referred to the'
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
HENRY 1). WHARTON.
Mr. PACKER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1798) for the relief of Henry D. Wharton, late
commissary sergeant forty-seventh regiment
veteran volunteers; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Commitee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
HOLMES SELLS.
Mr. MERCUR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1799) for the relief of Holmes Sells; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
SAMUEL SIIALER.
Mr. McJUNKIN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1800) granting a pension to Samuel Sha-
ler, late a private in company E, sixty-first
regiment of Pennsylvania infantry volunteers ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to'be printed.
ORPHAN CHILDREN OS' COLONEL 1>. JOHNSTON.
Mr. McJUNKIN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1801) for the relief of the orphan
children of Colonel Philip Johnston; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and
ordered to bo printed.
JOHN N1CIIMAN.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS introduced abill (H. R.
No. 1802) granting a pension to John Nioh-
man; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
II. It. MEREDITH.
Mr. DUKE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1803) for the relief of H. H. Meredith, late
postmaster at Wade, Bedford county, Vir-
ginia; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. PLATT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1804) to amend an act relative to collection
districts in North Carolina, approved February
25, 1807 ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
ACTING MASTER ROBERT PLATT.
Mr. PLATT also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1805) to authorize the Secretary of the
Navy of the United States to appoint Acting
Master Robert Piatt a master in the Navy of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT BY COMMISSIONERS OI CLAIMS.
Mr. PLATT also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 105) authorizing the com-
missioners of claims appointed under the act
approved March 3, 1871, to make an_ addi-
tional report during the present session of
Congress; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
HEIRS OF JAMES M. BAKER.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1806) for the relief of the heirs of
James M. Baker; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
INDUSTRIAL EDUCATION.
Mr. TERRY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1807) to provide for the further endowment
and support of colleges for the benefit of agri-
culture and the mechanic arts, and the liberal
and practical education of the industrial classes
in the several pursuits and professions in life,
as established under an act of Congress, ap-
proved July 2, 1862; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
TABITHA TAYLOR.
Mr. STOWELL introduced a bill (H. R-
No. 1808) granting a pension to Tabitha Tay-
lor, widow of James Taylor, a soldier of the
war of 1812; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and War of 1812, and
ordered to be printed.
LEXINGTON COURT-HOUSE, NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. LEACH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1809) making an appropriation for the destruc-
tion of the court-house of Lexington, North
Carolina, by fire by the Federal forces while
occupying it as officers' quarters and barracks
in 1865 ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for the reading
of the bill at length.
The bill was read at length, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
PUBLIC BUILDINO AT NEWliERN.
Mr. THOMAS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1810) to authorize the erection of a building
suitable for a post office, custom-house, and
district court of the United States in the
city of Newbern, North Carolina; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION TO A MARSHAL.
Mr. RAINEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1811) to grant additional compensation to the
marshal of the district of South Carolina for
the year ending June 30, 1872; -which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
NATIONAL BANK Oi' NEWMAN.
Mr. BIG BY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1812) authorizing the First National Bank of
Newman to change its location and name ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, and ordered to be printed.
TRUSTEES OS ATHENS ACADEMY.
Mr. SLOSS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1818) for the relief of the trustees of the male
academy of Athens, Limestone county, in the
State of Alabama; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL POSTAL FACILITIES.
Mr. TURNER presented a joint memorial
of the Legislature of Alabama, asking postal
facilities on the route of the Alabama and
Tombigbeo rivers; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
NEWTON KNIGHT ET AL.
Mr. PERCE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1814) for the relief of Newton Knight and
other citizens of Mississippi therein named;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
efficiency or the navy.
Mr. PERCE, at the request of many sea-
men of the Navy, also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1815) to increase the efficiency of the
Navy ; which was read a first and second time,
and, with accompanying petition of seamen,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
sale of revenue-cutters.
Mr. SHELDON introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 106) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell certain revenue-
cutters; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be punted.
william fresiiour.
Mr. BEATTY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1816) granting an increase of pension to Wil-
liam Freshour, late captain of the sixth Ohio
cavalry ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
henry c. doddridge.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1817) for the relief of Henry C.
Doddridge ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
mary o'donald.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill (II. It.
No. 1818) to grant apension to Mary O'Donald;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
tarrance kirby.
Mr. GOLLADAY introduced a bill (H. K.
No. 1819) increasing the pension of Tarrauce
Kirby, of Tennessee ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
john boguskie.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1820) granting a pension to John
Boguskie, of Tennessee ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
n. n. cox.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1821) to remove political disabili-
ties from N. N. Cox, of Tennessee; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
order of business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to report back a bill from the Committee on the
Judiciary and have it referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it not the uniform prac-
tice of the House to proceed with the call of
States for bills and joint resolutions for refer-
ence until the call has been completed?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
that the call may be now completed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that, if I can-
not report back my bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object to that.
james coates.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now ask unanimous
consent that the Committee on the Judiciary
be discharged from the further consideration
of a bill (H. R. No. 1425) for the relief of
James Coates, and that the same be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
order of business.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now ask unanimous con-
sent that the call of States'be concluded for
bills and joint resolutions for reference.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
