4086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
Mr. FENTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to come in at the close of" tlie twenty-
second section, on the seventy-sixth page of the
bill. I send it to the Secretary's desk. It is to
perfect the last clauseof that section, to make
the language more explicit and clear. It is
to strike oat the words " on not exceeding
$2,000," at the end of that section, and insert:
"so that the excess only above $2,000 in the
name of any one person shall be subject to
taxationso that the clause will read :
And the exemption from tax authorized by the
said section of deposits of less than >500, made in
the name of one person, in associations or compa-
nies known as providentinstitutions, savings banks,
savings funds, or savings institutions, is hereby
extended to deposits so made so that the excess only
above $2,000 in the name of any one person shall be
subject to taxation.
This is to make the section perfectly clear,
and relieve it from all ambiguity or doubt.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is clear enough now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
know whether this amendment is right or
wrong, but I have made up my mind to vote
against every amendment that is now proposed
to this bill, whether right or wrong, m order
that we may reach some conclusion.
Mr. ALCORN. I will say to Senators that
some of the amendments which have been
lately offered 
Mr. FENTON. There can be no objection
to this amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to the last word :
Provided, That all taxes upon incomes are hereby
repealed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that in order?
Mr. MORTON. That amendment has been
moved two or three times.
Mr. CHANDLER. I .should like the Sen-
ator from Louisiana to explain his amendment.
I do not understand it exactly.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposi-
tion has not been voted upon exactly in this
form at any time as yet. It was proposed to
an amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
and then it was voted down. It was pre-
viously offered as an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana, which had
another object in view. It.hasnot been offered
in this connection before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regret exceedingly
to see the Senate of the United States taken
into a matter of amusement. It may be pleas-
ant and gratifying to a few gentlemen here to
get up what seems to be sport in these last
days of an important session of Congress.
This is one of the most important bills we have
had before us; and here are Senators whose
health scarcely permits of their remaining,
but they are staying here at this hour of the
night undertaking to discharge a public duty
and close the session at the time agreed upon
by the two Houses. I confess that lam mor-
tified that there should be an attempt to pro-
long the hours and wear out the members of
the body by repeated motions, first in one
form and then in another, but substantially
the same proposition, in order to exhaust the
patience of members and prevent the discharge
of public duty. I hope Senators will refrain
from this course for the credit of the Senate
if for nothing else.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish the Senator
from Illinois had thought of this about four
months ago. If he had, we could have finished
our business and been ready now to adjourn.
But here was the Senator from Illinois night
and day, day aud night, in season and out of
season, proclaiming his great reform, crying
"Reform!" "Retrenchment!" Now, Mr.
President, it is rumored that the Senator from
Illinois has paid back that $10,000 with six
per cent, interest, and I wish to know whether
he has, because if he has I am ready now to
listen—-
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will the
Senator allow me? I rise to a question of
order. In the first place there is no amend-
ment on which the honorable Senator is speak-
ing. Then his remarks are personal. We are
engaged on a great, bill. With all due defer-
ence I appeal to my friend from Michigan to
allow us to go on with the bill, and also to my
friend from Louisiana to withdraw a proposi-
tion that must be defeated. Let us go through
with the bill and go home.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to say that I
offered this amendment in good faith. Other
Senators offer amendments, and they are im-
portuned to recall them or withhold them, and
they never do it. I do not know why, when I
offer an amendment of this kind, of import-
ance to those whom I have the honor to repre-
sent, I should be overpersuaded to withdraw
it. I appreciate what my friend from Illinois
has said. I know that this is a very import-
ant bill. I felt so when the bill was first
taken up, and it grieved me to the heart to
hear my honorable friend from Illinois appeal
to the Senate and talk about the Constitution
being wrecked and the tottering ark of the
Union being broken, and he putting forth his
hand to save it, all because there was a reso-
lution to limit debate to five minutes 1 Why,
sir, this is a matter of considerable importance
to my constituents. Whether the people of
the South shall pay three and a half millions
of income tax depends on the simple incorpo-
ration of eight words in this bill.
Mr. NYE. I used five minutes in the course
of this bill, and was brought up very short
when that time ended. But now it is very
palpable that the Senator from Louisiana has
by these dilatory motions occupied more than
two hours of this Senate to-night; and the
moment this is voted down, then comes a
motion to adjourn, and I feel for one that it
is trifling with this bill and trifling with the
Senate. I cannot help feeling so, especially
when I see around me combinations that are
determined to delay business. I am very well
along up to sixty years ; I am getting too old
to be played with at this time of night.
Mr. KELLOGG. Now I desire to ask
my friend if I have moved to adjourn once
to-night?
Mr. NYE. But you get others to do it.
Mr. KELLOGG. Not at all. I am not
responsible for others.
Mr. NYE. I have no charges to make,
certainly, and none to excuse ; but it is per-
fectly palpable that we could have passed this
bill before twelve o'clock if there had not been
a settled determination that it should not pass
to-night, and I regard it as trifling with the
Senate. If the honorable Senator lives in a
region of country where they cannot pay their
indome tax, let him move out, [laughter,] and
not stand here aud ask us, when our locks are
wet with the drops of the night over and over
again, to foist an amendment on the bill when
the Senate has declared against him over and
over to forgive his constituents their income
tax.
Mr. KELLOGG. Once only has there been
a vote taken on my amendment, and then it
was carried overwhelmingly. I only ask now
a simple vote. I call for the yeas and nays oil
this proposition.
Mr. BLAIR. How many times can the Sen-
ator speak ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana has spoken three times on
his amendment; altogether about four min-
utes.
Mr. KELLOGG. As the Senator from
Missouri seems to be so anxious and so sen-
sitive in regard to the time I occupy, I will
occupy the other minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
has now half a minute.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well, sir. I desire
to say again that I have not moved an adjourn-
ment to-night; I have not moved an executive
session to-night; I have not moved dilatory
motions; I have moved but one single amend-
ment, and that was carried by a vote of more
than two to one, and that is the amendment
that I now renew.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
time has expired.
Mr. MORTON. I suppose I stay here with
more inconvenience than any member of the
Senate, perhaps with more injustice to myself,
but I say for one that I am prepared to stay
here until to-morrow morning to pass this bill
rather than to submit to any attempt to defeat
it by any sort of maneuvering.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, in response to the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, that if this had been an
appropriation bill, or if the rule in regard to
appropriation bills applied to this bill so that
amendments could be laid on the table, the
bill would probably have been disposed of some
time since ; but that was probably not thought
of when the Senator from Ohio offered the rule
under which this bill has been acted on.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President there have
been several remarks made here to-night that
I think are not justified by anything that has
occurred. An hour or two since I inquired of
the chairman of the committee who has this
bill in charge if in his opinion iL could be
concluded to-night. His answer is now on
record that he did not believe it could be, and,
therefore, so far as he was concerned he con-
sented to an adjournment. I want to know
who it is that has been filibustering. There
are members of this body who have deliber-
ately combined to prevent an adjournment
when the Senator who has charge of the bill
has stated on the floor of the Senate that he
did not believe it could be perfected to-night
and voted himself to adjourn. I do not think
it is fair for Senators to rise on the floor of the
Senate and charge those of us who vote for
an adjournment at this hour of the morning
with having combined for the purpose of
obstructing the business of the Senate. If
some of those same Senators will look back at
the Globe they will find much more severe stric-
tures on the opposite side of the same ques-
tion. It might be interesting to them to turn
back and read their own speeches on the
opposite side.
Mr. SHERMAN. I voted to adjourn once
or twice, because I thought the Senate was not
in very good condition to pass on so important
a bill, for I saw that there was a feeling of
irritation, or impatience, and I was disposed
to adjourn ; but after eleven o'clock, when the
last important vote was taken on this bill and
it was manifestly in such a position that it
ought to pass without any further amendments,
except such as Senators might see proper to
offer, I have voted against'adjournment. Now
I think, after this little conversation, we might
go on aud vote understanding^ on any pend-
ing amendments and finish the bill. It is
manifest that if we adjourn we must adjourn
to some hour past twelve o'clock, and if we
can finish the bill'in the next hour we can
probably meet here at one or two o'clock and
go on with the appropriation bill without
serious delay.
I will not delay the Senate by continuing
remarks. I have sat here without replying to
many remarks that have been made, without
explaining amendments, without opposing
amendments, and on the whole I think it has
probably been the better course. I would like
now to finish the bill, because if we should
adjourn now and commence again at twelve
o'clock we should probably continue all day
to-morrow and all to-morrow night passing
this bill.
Mr. CALDWELL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair
thinks the_ Senator from Kansas has spoken
once on this proposition.
Mr. CALDWELL. I have no speech to
make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Louis-
iana, which is to add a repeal of the income
