1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
necessary if be would carry out the provisions of the
funding act in a manner that would least disturb
the money market and the business of the country.
In thus using the banks he has followed the prece-
dentof his predecessors, who havemade use of them
in effecting all of the loans authorized by the Gov-
ernment since their establishment. And it is worthy
of note that this is the first loan ever effected by the
United States at a less cost than one per cent.
The committee have confined themselves to a con-
sideration of the authority in law for the acts of the
Secretary thus far in effecting this loan. Thewisdom
of these measures may safely be left to the public
judgment upon the result. They therefore reoom-
niend the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House the
Secretary of tho Treasury, in negotiating the loan
authorized by the act of July 11,1870, has neither
increased the bonded debt nor incurred an expendi-
ture contrary to law.
claims 3t0k additional bounty.
The SPEAKER. A bill comes over from
Monday last on a motion of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holm an] to suspend the
rules and pass the bill. It is a bill to extend
the time for presenting claims for additional
bounty. The Olerk will report it.
The bill was read. It proposes to extend
the time for presenting claims for additional
bounty granted to soldiers by tlie twelfth and
thirteenth sections of the act of July 28, 1866,
to the 1st day of December, 1872, and provides
that all claims for bounty'under the provisions
of said sections shall be void unless presented
within the period above expressed.
The SPEAKER. The question is, "Will
the House suspend the rules and pass this
bill?"
Mr. HAWLEY. Would it be in order to
call for the reading of the statute referred to
in the bill?
The SPEAKER. It would not without
unanimous consent, for that would be in the
nature of debate.
Mr. COBURN. Would it be in order to
move further to extend the time named in the
bill?
The SPEAKER. It would not, under a
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. COBURN. The Committee on Military
Affairs have considered this very subject and
have a bill to report.
The question was on suspending the rules
and passing the bill; and being put, there
were—ayes 74, noes 58.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask for the yeas and
nays. I would like to say, in the absence of
my colleague, [Mr. Holman,] who is detained
from the House, that this is a bill to which he
gave the greates't attention, and which he found
to be necessary in order to meet the exigencies
with regard to claims for additional bounty.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will it be in order to
ask the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs 
Mr. STORM. I object to debate.
Mr. COBURN. I may be permitted to state
that the Committee on Military Affairs had
considered the subject, and were about to
report a bill making a longer extension of
time than is here provided for.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask that the bill be again
reported.
The bill was again read.
_ Mr. CONGER. I desire to ask if at this
time it would be proper to move an amend-
ment to strike out the last clause of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It might be proper, but
it would not be parliamentary. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. I think it would be emi-
nently proper.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill agreed upon by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs be read.
No objection was made, and the bill was
read. It provides that the time for filing
claims for additional bounty, under the act
of July 28, 1866, and which expired by limita-
tion upon the 13th of April, 1871, be revived
and extended until the 30th day of January,
1873, and that all claims for such bounty filed
in the proper Departments after the 13th day
of January, 1871, and before the passage of
this act, shall be deemed to have been filed in
due time, and shall be considered and decided
without refiling.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a single statement with regard to
this bill.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection tS the
gentleman from Michigan making a statement?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. STOUGHTON. The bill which has been
read goes a little further than the bill presented
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
man.] There is another clause ingrafted upon
the bill of the committee, and I ask that the
bill of the committee be substituted for the one
offered. It can then be passed at once.
Mr. "VOORHEES. I see no objection to
that. In the absence of my colleague, [Mr.
Holman,] I do not feel at liberty to refuse.
The SPEAKER. Thatwould require unani-
mous consent, and as the gentleman from
Indiana is not present to withdraw his motion
to suspend the rules, the Chair will recognize
his colleague as acting for him in withdrawing
the motion to suspend the rules, and the gentle-
man from Michigan now moves that the bill
which he has presented be put upon its pas-
sage.
Mr. VOORHEES. Upon consultation with
some of my friends, I will take the responsi-
bility of accepting the substitute and withdraw-
ing the motion for a suspension of the rules.
The bill presented by Mr. Stoughton (H.
R. No. 1180) was then read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed and read
the third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
tax os tobacco.
Mr. PORTER. I ask unanimous consent
that a bill to fix and establish the rate of tax
on all descriptions of manufactured tobacco
entering the market for consumption at the
uniform rate of sixteen cents per pound be put
upon its passage now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must object.
Mr. PORTER. I ask unanimous consent
to make a brief statement.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the gentleman will be heard. The Chair hears
none.
Mr. PORTER. Many of the tobacco manu-
factories in Virginia are already closed up and
others are closing, and many factory hands
have been thrown oat of employment. We
believe that the reduction of this tax to sixteen
cents a pound will in no manner diminish the
revenue of the Government, and I do not think
the House can do a better deed for the laborers
in the tobacco regions of the country and
the manufacturers, especially those of limited
means, than to pass this bill. I trust there
will be no objection to it.
Mr. DAWES. Nothing would gratify the
Committee of Ways and Means so much as to
be relieved of their labors; but it does seem
to me that to pass a bill upon the subject of
the tax upon tobacco pending the Bearing
upon that question before the committee is a
new order of doing things, and I think it
hardly necessary to say more on the point. I
hope the gentleman from Virginia will con-
sent to the reference of the bill to the com-
mittee.
Mr. PORTER. The suspense is injuring
the trade at all points and causing the labor-
ers to greatly suffer, if not to starve. I must
therefore move to suspend the rules and put
the bill upon its passage.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 38, noes 85.
Mr. PORTER. Seeing the temper of the
House, and having called the attention of the
country to this much-needed legislation, I
withdraw the motion to suspend the rules, and
ask that the bill be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means and^printed, together
with a letter of J. B. Pace, tobacco manufac-
turer, accompanying the same. •
There was no objection; and the bill (H,
R. No. 1181) was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed with the •
accompanying letter.
harbor of salem, massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unauimous consent to submit the following
resolution for consideration at this time:
Resolved, /That the Secretary of War be, and
hereby is, directed to cause a survey of Long Point,
so called, in Salem (Massachusetts) harbor, near the
mouth of South river, near which the United States
has erected a light-bouse, and to estimate the cost
of dredging the same, and of putting there a proper
sea-wall to protect the same, and report the survey
for the use of this House.
Mr. CONGER. I movethat this resolution
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I was about to
make tbe same motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection at all to that.
The resolution was referred accordingly.
tax on manufactured tobacco.
Mr. PLATT. I ask unanimous consent to
snbmit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed by this House to report, at their earliest
convenience, their recommendation upon that por-
tion of the report of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue which relates to the tax on manufactured
tobacco.
Mr. BURCHARD. I object.
Mr. PLATT. 1 ask unanimous consent
for five minutes to explain my resolution,
which I offer with the concurrence of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks,] the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. KERR. I object, for the whole subject
is under investigation now by that committee.
Mr. PLATT. I do not often ask the indul-
gence of the House. I hope I shall be allowed
two minutes to explain my purpose in offering
this resolution.
Mr. KERR. Very well; I will withdraw my
objection for the present.
Mr. PLATT. The tobacco interests of Vir-
ginia, and other States engaged in that trade,
are now suffering under prostration and par-
alysis. Their trade has been destroyed bythe
uncertainty that now hangs over this question.
Millions of dollars of capital are locked uj>
and useless to its owners, while thousands of
poor people, men, women, and children, both
white and colored, are thrown out of employ-
ment, and daily beseech in vain at the doors
of the closed factories for the work which
their former employers cannot give them, and
which they need to keep them from suffering
the pangs of cold and hunger.
I do not ask now for a discussion on the
question of reducing or equalizing the tax on
manufactured tobacco. I propose to send the
resolution to the Committee of Ways and
Meaus to be there discussed, and to speak on
the question when it is reported from that
committee. But I do most earnestly ask in
behalf of the great tobacco interests of the
country; in behalf of the manufacturers of
Virginia, who yearly contribute millions of dol-
lars to the revenue of the country ; in behalf
of the tobacco producers of Virginia, who are
by the existing condition of things deprived
of a remunerative market for their products;
in behalf of the Government itself, whose rev-
enues derived from this important staple are
being reduced and almost destroyed ; and in
behalf of the thousands of poor people now
out of employment, that this Congress will now
instruct the Committee of Ways and Means to
take up this subject and consider it at once,
that we may at the earliest possible day end
tho uncertainty which now hangs over and has
