1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
408T
tax to the proposition of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask for the yeas and
pays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 38; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Alcorn, Carpenter, Chandler,
Conkling, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Kellogg, Osborn,
and Pool—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreraan, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Casserly, Clayton, Cole, Cooper,
Corbett, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Freiing-
huysen, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill. Hitch-
cock, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nor\voodtNye,
llamscy, Saulsbuiy, Sawyer, Sherman, Stevenson,
Stockton, Trumbull,'Vickers, Wilson, Windorn. and
Wright—38.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow,
Cameron, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Lewis, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Pratt, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Schurz, Scott,
Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Tkurwan, Tip-
ton, and West—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the Secretary to read
the ameudment, that the Senate may under-
stand it.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out the words " of not exceeding
§2,000," on line twenty-four, page 7G, and
insert:
So that the excess only above $2,000 m the name
of any one person shall be subject to taxation.
Mr. FENTON. Let the paragraph be read
as amended.
The Oiiief Clerk. If amended as proposed,
it will read : •
And the exemption from tax, authorized by the
said section, of deposits of less than five hundred
dollars, made in the name of one person, in associa-
tions or companies known as provident institutions,
savings banks, savings funds, or savings institu-
tions, is hereby extended to deposits so made, so that
the excess ol only above i:i,000 premium of any one
person shall be subject to taxation.
Mr. FENTON. It will be seen that it is
only carrying out clearly and definitely the
intention of the clause.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FENTON. I have another amend-
ment, aud as my friend from Vermont said he
was going to .vote against all, I will ask his
attention to this. It is an amendment which
he suggested that I offer instead of himself, it
meeting his approval. On page 32, at the end
of section nine, I propose to add  
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Tobe entirely
frank, it is an amendment, the Senator came
to me to offer and I told him I approved of it
but preferred that he should offer it.
Mr. FENTON. A gentleman of New York
came to me and stated that he had called on
the Senator from Vermont, and that the
amendment I now offer met his approval, and
he suggested that the Senator from New York,
being from the State in which the gentleman
resided, had better offer the amendment him-
self. I afterward went to the Senator from
Vermont, and he repeated the suggestion, say-
ing that it met his approval.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It would at
any time before two o'clock. [Laughter.]
Mr. FENTON. I ask that the amendment
be read.
The Chief Ci.eiik. The proposed amend-
ment is on page 32, at the end of section nine,
to insert:
And said section is intended to apply to all arti-
cles or parts of articles made wholly of foreign
material, which, at the time of export, were or may
be attached to any other articles or parts of
articles.
Mr. BOREMAN. What does that mean?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in regard
to the drawback on fire-arms, shovels, &e.
Mr. FENTON. It may be important that
the section should be read, unless Senators
generally understand the scope of the proviso.
Mr. MOLITON. No; we are against it
unanimously.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York can read the section himself
or have the Secretary read it.
Mr. FENTON. Will the Secretary please
read the section ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The section, as
proposed to be amended, will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The section, if amended
as proposed, will read :
That where fire-arms, shovels, spades, axes,
hatchets, hammers, plows, cultivators, mowing-
machines, and reapers manufactured with stocks or
handles made of wood grown in the United States
are exported for benefit of drawback under section
four oi the act of August 5, 1861, and entitled "An
act. to provide increased revenue from imports, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," such articles shall be entitled to such draw-
back, under that act, in all cases when the imported
material exceeds one half of the value of the mate-
rial used. And said section is intended to apply to
all articles or parts of articles made wholly of for-
eign material which at the time of export were or
may be attached to any other articles or parts of
articles.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FENTON. I offer another amendment
unless my friend from New Jersey will do
it——
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like
to offer an amendment, with the consent of
the Senator from New York, to come in the
same section.
Mr. FENTON. Very well.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In section nine,
line one, page 32, after the word "where" I
move to insert "locomotives and locomotive
tires and ware on the third line, after the
word " handles." to insert "fixtures." The
object of the amendment is this: by the sec-
tion, as the Senate understand, articles manu-
factured of foreign material exported are
entitled to a drawback. Locomotives and
parts of locomotives and locomotive tires are
manufactured to a great degree of foreign
material, and exported to South America;
but some part of them is made of wood, and
consequently the word "fixtures" is intro-
duced. It is bringing locomotives and loco-
motive tires in the same position with culti-
vators, which are made partly of wood and
partly of iron.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Tbatisan amend-
ment which certainly should uotbe voted down.
[" Too late."] It may be too late, hut it will
come up in the conference committee I sup-
pose. I have another amendment to offer.
On page 5, line twenty-eight of section two,
after the words "iron wire" I move to insert
''or wire cut in lengths wholly or partially
manufactured;" and as apart of the same
amendment, on the thirty-first line, after the
word "chain" I move to insert "or wire cat
in lengths." The law which gives a protec-
tion to iron wire is evaded by cutting the wire
in lengths and using it for safes, &c. This is
to prevent that evasion of the law.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move, on page 10, in
line sixty-two of section four, after the word
"salts," to insert " aigols or crude tartar,"
so as to read: "on Rochelle salts." &c.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 will merely
say that argols and crude tartar have been free
for two or three years.
Mr. MORTON. It must be obvious now to
Senators that the Senate is not in a humor to
put another amendment on this bill. I there-
fore appeal to Senators to let us vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. I want the satisfaction
of having a vote on my amendment. I do not
mean to make a speech upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. NYE. Now, I have got one word to
come in here that I want the consent of the
Senator from Ohioto. After the word "dates,"
in line ninety-three of section four, page 12,
I wish to insert the word "prunes." They
are a kindred fruit, very much alike, and it is
an article of considerable consumption in our
country. I hope the amendment will be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ALCORN. I regret exceedingly, Mr.
President, to annoy the Senate by offering an
amendment, butl haveaduty to discharge here.
While 1 have very great regard for the opinion
of Senators in respect to the propriety of
amendments, I only have to say that I think
it is rather a hard rule that those of us who
have sat here patiently awaiting action on
amendments offered by others, and listening
to long debates, some gentlemen occupying five
minutes for twenty different periods of time,
should now at this early hour in the morning
be told that the time has passed for amend-
ments to this bill. It may be possible that
the time has passed and that the Senate will
not cousider them, but so far as I am con-
cerned, I have a duty to discharge. My amend-
ment is to strike out the amendment of the
Senate committee in lines fifty-nine and sixty
of section two on page 7. It refers to coal-
tar, bitumen, and pitch, &c., an article that is
used in the country generally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Mississippi that
unfortunately his amendment is not in order
under the rule.
Mr. ALCORN. That is very unfortunate.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. In Committee
of the Whole these two lines were stricken out
and that amendment has been concurred in in
the Senate. There were two votes upon it
and there is now no way in which that clause
can be reached.
Mr. ALCORN. I am very unfortunate
indeed. [Laughter.]
Mr. VICKERS. I offer an amendment.
Add to the ninth section :
That foreign-built iron ships of not less than two
thousand tons, when owned by citizensof theUnited
States, may after six months irotn the passage of this
act be registered in this country exclusively for for-
eign trade, under such rules and regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe : Provided,
Xhat such registry may be made within one year
from the passage of this act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairmust
say to the Senator from Maryland that if this
is germane to the bill he does not know what
would not be. The section in regard to ship-
building was germane, because it came first
from the House of Representatives and related
to taxes, which is the subject of this bill.
This -relates to a commercial question ; the
registry of vessels. The Chair thinks it is not
in order.
Mr. VICKERS. There have been several
amendments in regard to ships.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true;
but a great many of the others were more
germane than this. This is a bill to reduce
duties and internal taxes. While you can re-
duce duties and rebate taxes on articles, the
Chair thinks that the registry of vessels is
beyond the province of the bill.
Mr. VICKERS. There has been an amend-
ment made to this section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true;
but it was ail amendment to the proposition of
the House in regard to a rebate on articles
used in ship-building, which came within tlie
province of the bill either with or without our
rule. The Chair thinks this is not an amend-
ment that would be in order any more than a
proposition to change the names of registered
vessels and so on.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to say a word in
regard to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maryland.
