1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
l3d$
LEWIS IIARTWBLL.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1822) for the relief
of Lewis Hartwell, of Jefferson county, Indi-
ana ; wiich was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
MARTHA SMITH.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1823) granting a
pension to Martha Smith; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
MILLIE A. POWELL.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1824) granting a
pension to Millie A. Powell; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
*
Mr. McINTYRE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce and have passed a bill to
relieve from political disabilities certain per-
sons therein named.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
_ Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object to the
bill unless it can be read,
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
The one hundred and thirtieth rule says, 111
reference to the call of States on Monday for
bills and joint resolutions for reference:
" And the whole of said days shall be appropri-
ated to bills on leave and resolutions, until all the
States are called through."
I understand that the Speaker of this House
has announced that he shall put a construction
on this rule so that the call of States may be
concluded, notwithstanding the expiration of
sixty minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The present
occupant of the chair understands that I he
Speaker has announced that on all days but
Monday he will allow the morning-hour busi-
ness to run, notwithstanding the expiration
of sixty minutes, until superseded by some
more privileged question. The present occu-
pant of the chair has always "understood the
morning hour of Monday to expire with the
sixty mmut.es.
Mr. HOAR. I ask the Clerk to read the i
one hundred and thirtieth rule. ■
The Clerk read as follows:
"130. All the States and Territories shall becalled
for bills on leave and resolutions every Monday
during each session of Congress; and, if necessary
to secure tho object on said days, all resolutions
which shall give rise to debate shall lie over for dis-
cussion, under the rules of the House already estab-
lished ; and the whole of said days shall be appro-
priated to bills on leave and resolutions, until all
the States and Teriitories are called through. And
the Speaker shall first call the States and Territories
for bills on leave; and all bills so introduced during
the first hour after the Journal is lead shall be re-
ferred, without debate, to their appropriate commit-
tees: Provided, however, That a bill so introduced
and referred shall not be brought back into the House
upon a motion to reconsider. , And on saidcall joint
resolutions of State and territorial Legislatures for
printing and reference may be introduced."
Mr. HOAR. If the Chair will allow me, I
will say that the rule is express that the whole
of Monday shall be appropriated until all the
States and Territories have been called through.
Now, I understand that the Speaker made a
statement to the House early at the first ses-
sion of this Congress, or the present session,
(I am not sure which,) that he construes Uiat
rule to require the first call of States to be
concluded, even if it takes the entire day. I
believe that has been the uninterrupted prac-
tice of Congress.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will rule that after the expiration of sixty min-
utes it is in order for any gentleman to ask
unanimous consent to introduce anything, or
to move to suspend the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the deficiency
bill. I am willing to yield for the introduc-
tion of bills by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pending the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
McIxtyrh,] the gentleman from Ohio moves
that the rules be suspended and the House
go into Committee of tho Whole on the state
of the Union on the deficiency bill.
Mr. HOAR. I object to unanimous consent
for any purpose.
Mr. McINTYRE. Then I move to suspend
the rules so that my bill can be put upon its
passage.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
for that purpose.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me to introduce a bill for refer-
ence merely'!
Mr. PERCE. I object to any yielding.
Tho question was put on the motion of Mr.
Gakfield, of Ohio, and there were—ayes 63,
noes 49.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holmak, and
Mr. Garfield of Ohio, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 4G, noes 76.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, so that the call of States for bills and
resolutions shall be completed.
The question was put; and two thirds voting
in favor thereof, the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
now resumes the calling of the States and Ter-
ritories for hills and resolutions, which are in
order from the State of Indiana.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a parliamentary
question. I desire to know whether without
a suspension of the rules it is not the privi-
lege of the States and Territories to be called
through for bills, &c.?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
now calling the States and Territories for bills
and resolutions not to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider.
Mr. NIBLACK. My question is whether
any motion to suspend the rules is necessary,
whether the Slates would not have to be called
at any rate ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tho Cbair
has ruled upon that question, and the House
has sustained him.
Mr. NIBLACK. My point is that it was not
necessary to suspend the rules at all, but that
the call would necessarily proceed.
ENOLDS LLOYD.
Mr. MANSON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1825) for the relief of Enolds Lloyd, of Mont-
gomery comity, Indiana; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
JACOB DICE.
Mr. MANSON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1826) for the relief of Jacob Dice, of
Fountain county, Indiana; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
LANDS IN MICHIGAN CITY.
Mr. PACKARD introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1827) to release the title of the United
States to certain lands in Michigan City, Indi-
ana ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
JAMES ASH .
Mr. BURCIIARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1828) for the relief of James Ash, of
Sterling, Illinois; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
MAJOR ABRAHAM B1SELBK.
Mr. BURCHARD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1829) for the settlement of the accounts
of Major Abraham Beeler, late paymaster New
York volunteers; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
SWAMP LANDS IN MISSOURI,
Mr. BURDETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1830) for the relief of Stoddard, Jackson,
Lawrence, Greene, and other counties, in the
State of Missouri, in the matter of certain
swamp lands; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
SAMUEL GREEK.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 1831) for the relief of Samuel
Greek, father of Caleb H. Greek, late a pri-
vate in the first regiment of Michigan infantry
volunteers; which was read a first and second
time_, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MRS. CHARLOTTE CUMMING.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1832) for the relief of Mrs.
Charlotte Camming, widow of Francis H.
Cumming, late chaplain of the third regiment
Michigan infantry ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
SURVIVORS OF WAR OF 1812.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1833) to amend the
act granting pensions to the survivors of the
war of 1812; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812, and
ordered to be printed.
TAX ON SPIRITS AND TOBACCO.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1834) amending the
act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
JSIXBY K. DODSON.
Mr. ORR introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1835)
for the relief of Bixby E. Dodson, of Hardin
county, Iowa; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
BOUNTY LANDS TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. ORR also presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa in favor of the enact-
ment by Congress of a law granting one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land to honorably dis-
charged officers, soldiers, and sailors of the late
war; which was referred to .the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
EDWIN T. PARKER.
Mr. WALDEN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1830) for- the relief of Edwin T. Parker,
late a private in company E, second New
Hampshire volunteers: which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM J. CLARK.
Mr. WALDEN also introduced a' ill (H. R.
No. 1887) for the relief of William J. Clark,
administrator of Gad E. Upson, leceased;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. PALMER presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa for the enforce-
ment of the law of Congress fixing the eastern
terminus of the Union Pacific railroad; which
was referred to the Comruitteeon the Pacific
■Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
MANAGEMENT 03? INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. COTTON presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa, sustaining the
President's policy for the management of the
Indian tribes; which was referred to the Com-
