504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
paralyzed the tobacco trade. I move that the
rules be suspended and the resolution adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I hope there will be no
objection to this resolution ; it is just what the
Committee are prepared to do.
No objection being made, the resolution was
• adopted by a suspension of the rules, two
thirds voting in favor thereof.
ohio, indiana, and illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the following memorial of the
Governors of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio, in
relation to the two per cent, fund; which was
read, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed :
State op Illinois, Executive Depaktment,
Speingfield, Illinois, January 4,1872.
Senators and Representatives in Congress ;
We respectfully request your favorable considera-
tion of the claims of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois to
two fifths of the five per cent, received into the
national Treasury from the proceeds ol the public
lands sold in said States respectively, being a, part
of the live per cent, granted to them in their en-
abling act, and for all of which the States rendered
large equivalent m refraining from taxing said lands
for five years after they were disposed of to individ-
uals. In making this request we cannot doubt itwill
receive, as it deserves, your approval. Certainly no
good reason can be assigned why the claims should
not be allowed and paid by the Government of the
United States to these States. To withhold payment
would be to discriminate unjustly against our own
States, and this we earnestly insist would be a great
wrong. "We do not propose, however, to rearguethe
£aestion, for that would be a work of supererogation.
et it suffice to say that we hold it to be a legal
axiom that the act of March 3,1357, entitled "An
act to settle certain accounts between the United
States and the State of Mississippi and other States,"
commands the statement, allowance, and payment
of what has not been paid of this amount without
abatement or discount, and we ask you shall declare
that to be tho true construction of said act, to the
end that it may bo rospectcd and oxecutcd. It is
difficult to understand bow any doubts should ever
have been expressed as to the correct meaning of
the legislation, and to you wc appeal in behalf of
our respective States for that justice to which they
are clearly entitled.
Believing you will promptly render it, and thus
plaoe the States in which public lands were located
on an approximate emiality at least, and respect
the obligations of the United States to the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, we subscribe ourselves
yours, most respectfully,
JOHN M. PALMER,
Governor of lUuioii.
CONRAD BAKER.
Governor of Indiana,
R. B. HAYES,
Governor of Ohio.
GOVEKNMHNT OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to present
a memorial of over a thousand citizens of the
District of Columbia, and to offer at the same
time a resolution to authorize tho investigation
requested in the memorial.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
road.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the memorial of citizens of the
District of Columbia hereto attached be referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia, and that
baid committee be directed to investigate the truth
of the allegations and charges in said memorial, and
report the results of such investigation to the House;
and that said committeo have power to send for per-
sons and papers, and to examine witnesses under
oath.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
memorial, so as to inform the House of the
subject to which the resolution relates.
1 he Clerk read as fol lows:
To the honoralle Senate and Souse of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled .♦
Your memorialists, citizens and tax-payers of the
District oi volunabia, desirous of securing good gov-
eminent, promoting the general prosperity, and se-
curing an economical administration of tho muni-
cipal affairs of the said District, respectfully declare
that the charge brought against us of being "ene-
mies to improvement''has no foundation either in
fact or tair inference. W c are in favor of judicious
improvements, and of liberal expenditure to meet
them; butwe oppose the so-called "improvements"
of the Hoard ot Public Works, for these reasons-
-First. The thirty-seventh section of the aet'of
February 21,1871, has been violated in several par-
ticular^; the Bo&rd of Public Works have usurped
authority to make improvements not "authorized
by law," not " intrusted to their charge by the
Legislative Assembly or Congress."
Second. The plain in tent of the act, that two mem-
bers of the board should be citizens and residents
of the city of Washington, lias been violated.
_ Third. In seven months appropriations for con-
tingent expenses have been demanded by the Ex-
ecutive and the board, and made by theLegislature,
to the extraordinary amount of over two hundred
thouand dollars.
Fourth. Whereas it was expressly provided that
there should be a civil engineer on the board at a
salar* of $2,500 per annum, paid by the United States
Government, the board imported from New York, at
a salary of $8,500 per annum, an engineer whom it
has since dismissed, and is now trying to make the
scapegoat of its blunders.
Fifth. The City Hall (a fire-proof building) was
abandoned, and four separate buildings for the dif-
ferent branches were hired and fitted up at an
expense of not less than $100,000.
Sixth. The Legislature, at the instigation of the
board, has passed two loan bills of 64,000,000 each,
for improvements. Each bill involves an additional
special tax of $2,000,000 on private property; and
this whole sum of $12,000,000 is to be placed abso-
lutely and without restriction in the hands of five
men.
Seventh. An unparalleled profligacy in advertising
has been exhibited, in the employment of fifteen
newspapers, bearing an ominous resemblance to
subsidizing the press of the District.
Eighth. It has created many new bureaus, largely
increasing the number of corporation officers and
the rate of their salaries.
Ninth. It hired thousands of men, carts, and
wagons, many of them fro-m the adjoining States, at
extravagant cost, just before the election.
Tenth. Two elections have been held within a year
(only one being necessary) at an expense exceeding
one hundred thousand dollars, including registra-
tion and advertising. ^
Eleventh. Contracts involving enormous costs have
been made, unlawfully, before appropriations were
made for carrying them out.
Twelfth. It has altered grades without discretion
or fixed plan, and has laid down much pavement and
gutter, evidently designed to be only temporary and
some of which has already been replaced.
Thirteenth. It has cut down, filled up, narrowed,
and " parked " streets, without consulting the prop-
erty owners, frequently against their expressed will,
and generally to the absolute detriment and deteri-
oration of the real estate of the city.
Fourteenth. It has filled up, narrowed, walled, and
otherwise manipulated the canal, both by itself and
in connection with the sewers, so injudiciously that
not only has some of the most costly work (on Seven-
teenth street) proved a palpable failure, but we are
actually threatened with inundation and pestilence.
Fifteenth. In brief, these so-called improvements
are carried on without judgment or coherence, hast-
ily, at a wrong season of the year, and on a scale
of recklessness which threatens the real estate of
the District with a burden amounting to confiscation.
Finally, tho transactions of the board have been
kept secret, and the citizens have had no opportun-
ity of access to its records or official information
concerning its contracts.
Your memorialists are convinced that the above
reasons (many of the abuses enumerated in which
are either analogous or precisely similar to those
w hich characterized the recent misgovernment of the
city of New York) will stand the test of rigid scru-
tiny; and they therefore pray that the memorial
and accompanying papers be referred to acommittee
ot your honorable bodies, that our grievances be
inquired into and such redress granted as may seem
just and proper.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to saythat I have made no investiga-
tion of these charges, and therefore cannot
vouch for them, except so far as they may be
substantiated by papers which have been fur-
nished me. It appears, as I understand from
a recent appropriation made by the Legis-
lature of this District, that over one hundred
thousand dollars of debt has been incurred
within the past eight months by the govern-
ment of the District of Columbia for advertis-
ing patronage in this District. I hold in my
hand a list of the sums appropriated to differ-
ent newspapers,_ from which it appears that
the Daily Chronicle has been paid for adver-
tising $36,159 65; the Republican, $14,460 29;
the Star, $9,701 72; the Anzoiger, a German
paper, $7,726 20; the Patriot, $4,678; the
Critic, a little theater paper, $3,193 67; the
Sunday Chronicle, $5,757 48; the Sunday Her-
ald, $3,809 30; the Sunday Capital, $2,281 02;
the Sunday Gazette, $1,209 02; the Grand
Army Journal, $4,074 77; the Georgetown
Courier, $2,201 25; the Sunday Times, (alittle
paper which I never heard of before, ahd which
advertises that subscriptions for one. year are
one cent, payable at the end of the year,)
$1,262 90 ; the Columbian, another German
paper, $3,055 65; the New National Era,
$3,596 75; the Public Voice, forty-two dol- ,
lars! Little regard has been paid to the Pub-
lic Voice! Then, there are various items for
job printing; $4,205 42 for "miscellaneous
printing;" $1,G91 25 to Gibson Brothers
for printing election tickets, &c.; $2,020 for
printing the police court investigation These
various items amount to $117,035 74 for adver-
tising, &cv during the eight months that the
new District government has been in opera-
tion.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if these charges are true,
if such debts have been incurred, if such fla-
grant extravagance has been practiced by the
government of this District, it is certainly a
proper subject of inquiry, and tbeinquiry should
be made. I do not vouch for all .the state-
ments of these memorialists; I only " tell the
tale as it is told to me" by these documents I
hold in my hand, and desire to send to the
committee, with the memorial, copies of the
fifteen _ different newspapers in which these
advertisements have been published. From
an inspection of these the committee can see
what kind of newspapers are used for adver-
tising, and whether, as is charged in the memo-
rial, the payment of these enormous sums to
these newspapers of this District has been in-
tended to subsidize the press in favor of the
District government.
Mr. HOAR. If the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr, FaknsworthJ will allow me a single
remark, I desire simply to say that when a
former Congress, in clear violation of the pro-
vision of the Constitution that Congress shall
exercise exclusive legislation for this District,
proceeded to delegate that power to somebody
else, they rendered themselves liable to the
difficulty now experienced.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I accept for
myself the reproof of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.] I was one of
those who favored this territorial form of
government, and I did so against his remon-
strance. The constitutional objection which.he
then urged did not seem to me applicable, and
I took for granted from what was said on both
sides of the House that the change of govern-
ment, if constitutional, would be for the advan-
tage of the people here. But I sincerely regret,
from what has since transpired, that I did then
give that act my support. My conclusion, from
what I have heard and seen in Washington while
here in attendance upon Congress, is totally
against this present territorial government, and
I conceive its mismanagement to be so great
and its abuses so extraordinary that they ought
to be investigated, and I trust a special com-
mittee of the House may be directed to take
consideration of that subject.
Mr. WOOD. With the permission of the
gentleman from Illinois, I wish to say that I
also supported the bill which has conferred the
power of the Government over this District
upon this so-called Board of Public Works. I
did' not see in that bill, nor do I yet, any in-
fringement of the entire authority of Congress
over this whole District. I am very glad this
memorial has been presented, and I hope
there will be an investigation. I think the
facts presented in that memorial are so serious
and comprise so mauy various allegations and
distinct charges that it should go to a special
committee, and not to the Committee for the
District of Columbia. I think that committee
has already enough to do, and as there is upon
that committee a representative of this terri-
torial government, I think a separate and dis-
tinct and special committee should be created
for the purpose of investigating and reporting
back to this House on these allegations made
in this memorial. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will make that motion I will vote for it
very cheerfully.
The SPEAKER. This discussion is all pro-
ceeding by unanimous consent. Tha gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Faknswortii] holds
the floor by unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will now yield
