1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
mifctee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
• ship-canal around niagara fails.
Mr. SAWYER presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, asking
Congress to aid in the construction of a ship-
eanal around the falls of Niagara; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
farm mortgagors.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin, presented
a memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin
for a grant of lands for the benefit of farm
mortgagors; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
settlers on suscal ranch.
Mr. COGHLAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1888) for the relief of settlers on the
Suscal .Ranch, in the State of California;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
samuel bunnell.
Mr. AVERILL introduced abill (H. R. No.
1830) for the relief of Samuel Dunnell, late a
second lieutenant in company C, twenty-sev-
enth regiment Maine volunteers; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
reimbursement op milwaukee.
Mr. BARBER presented the memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of the State of Wis-
consin to refund to the city of Milwaukee
certain moneys advanced for the construction
of Strait Cut harbor, at Milwaukee; which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM G. LANGF01U).
Mr. SLATER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1840) for the relief of William G. Langford ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and or-
dered to be pi-inted.
miami indians.
Mr. LOWE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1841) authorizing the removal of restrictions
upon the alienation of certain Miami Indian
lands in Kansas; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
cuban belligerent rights.
Mr. LOWE also presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the
recognition of belligerent rights to the people
of Cuba by the Government of the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed,
eastern nevada railroad company.
Mr. KENDALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1812) to grant the right of way through
the public lands to the Eastern Nevada Rail-
road Company ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
isaac 10. iiiooins.
Mr. GARFiELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1843) for the relief of
Isaac E. Higgins, of Washington Territory;
which was read a fir3t and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
colorado and jsl paso, etc., railroad.
Mr. CHAFFEE introduced a bill (H. B.
No. 184-1) to aid in the construction of a nar-
row-gauge railway and a telegraph line, from
Denver, in the Territory of Colorado, to EI
Paso, near the southern boundary of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, by a right to purchase
alternate sections of land at $1 25 per acre;
which was read afirstand second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
captain thank bejl's company.
Mr. ARMSTRONGS introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1845) authorizing the Secretary of War
to issue arms and equipments to Captain Frank
Bern's company of Bohemian sharp-shooters;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
preemption claims in dakota territory.
Mr. ARMSTRONG- also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1846) to extend the time for mak-
ing final proof and payment on preemption
claims in the Territory of Dakota ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
idaho fluming company.
Mr. MERRITT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1847) granting the right of way to the
Boise Basin Bed Rock Fluming Company, of
Idaho Territory, over the public lands of the
United States, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Mines and Mining, and, with
the accompanying map, ordered to be printed.
amendment op tiie constitution.
Mr. JONES introduced a joint resolution
(EL R. No. 107) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
mrs. maria l.lee.
Mr. CHIPMAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1848) for the relief of Mrs. Maria L. Lee ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
george better.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (EL
R. No. 1851) for the relief of George Better ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
order or msiness.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to move
that the rules be suspended and the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, to resume the con-
sideration of the deficiency appropriation bill.
But, pending that, I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Negley,]
who desires unanimous consent to report back
a bill from a committee, for printing and recom-
mitment.
Mr. WOOD. I shall object to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] giving the
floor to anybody, unless it is given to every-
body.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish a few
minutes to be allowed in which any member
may ask unanimous consent.
security of life on steam vessels.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Com-
merce the bill (II. Ii. No. 1850) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes," approved February 28, 1871, and
moved that the same be printed and recom-
mitted to the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was recommitted ;
and I also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] will not
make that motion.
Mr. RANDALL. Why not?
Mr. HOLMAN. There is a very good rea-
son why it should not be made in reference to
this bill, which is of great public importance.
I hope the gentleman will withdraw his motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore■ Does the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] in-
sist on his motion ?
Mr. RANDALL. I do.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In yielding to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Neg-
ley] to ask unanimous consent, it was with
the understanding that the bill was not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. NEGLEY. I did not consent to any
such understanding. I did not desire that,
restriction to be put upon the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think if the importance
of the measure were understood, the House
would not agree to the motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw the motion.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symf-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the follow-
ing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 745) relating to sites for pub-
lic buildings in Harrisburg. Pennsylvania, and
Sacramento, California; and
A bill (S. No. 583) to amend an act entitled
"An act to revise, consolidate, and amend
the statutes relating to patents and copyrights,:'
approved July 8, 1870.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
of the House of the following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 1540) to authorize the
purchase of a site for a public building at
Cincinnati, Ohio;
A bill (H. R. No. 1324) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Minnesota;
A bill (H. R. No. 486) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Ne vada; and
Abill H. R. No. 1745) to provide for the
designation of the chief medical purveyor.
land grant to nevada.
Mr. KENDALL. I ask unanimous con-
sentto take from the Speaker's table for pres-
ent consideration, the bill (S. No. 528) to con-
tinue in force a grant to the State of Nevada
for college purposes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill will
be read for information, after which objection,
if any, will be in order.
The bill was read. It provides that the grant
made to the State of Nevada, under section
three of the act of July 4, 1800, entitled "An
act concerning certain lands granted to the
State of Nevada," shall not cease by reason
of the failure of the said State to provide at
least one college as required by the several acts
of Congress as a condition of said grant; but
the same shall continue in full force provided
that all the conditions of law be complied with
prior to the 10th of May, 1877.
Mr. KENDALL. I desire to have that bill
put upon its passage now, and 1 ask unanimous
consent to make a very brief statement.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection to the gentleman from Nevada making
a statement?
Mr. WOOD. I desire to understand from
the Chair what is the position of business
before the House ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will state what is the position of business be-
fore the House. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, has moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole for the further consideration of the
deficiency appropriation bill, and pending that
motion the gentleman from Nevada [M~.
Kexdall] asks unanimous consent to take
from the Speaker's table for present considera-
tion the bill which has just been read, and, m
the first place, he asks unanimous consent to
make a statement in explanation of the bill.
Is there objection to his making a statement ?
