3192
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. On the 9th
of April, 1866, under the able leadership of
the Senator from Illinois, we passed this pro-
vision :
" Thnt all persons born in the United States and
notsubjcetto any foreign Power, excluding Indians
not taxed, are hereby declared to bo citizens of tbo
United States; and such citizens of every race and
color, without regard to any previous condition of
slavery or involuntary sorvitudc, except ns a punish-
ment for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, shall have the same right in every
Stato and Territory m the United States to make
and enforce contracts, to sue, be parties, and give
evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and
convcy real and personal property, and to lull and
equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for the
security ot person and propeity as i  enjoyed by
white citizens, and shall be subject to like punish-
mcn!, pains, and penalties, and to nono other, any
law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, to
the contrary notwithstanding."
This sweeping provision was followed by
sections providing civil and criminal remedies
and penalties strong and full and effective.
That was the civil rights hill about, which we
had the famous contest and for which I had
the pleasure of voting under the lead of the
honorable Senator from Illinois. Now, sir,
how the Senator from 1 llinois, who aided us in
passing this most sweeping and effective meas-
ure, can object to a measure which simply
canies oat. the intent, object, and purpose of
this act, is for him to explain, not for inc.
At, this time the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments had not been adopted, but the
powers of Congress have been reenforced since
the enactment of the civil rights act by the
fouiteenth amendment,, the first, section of
which is as tollows:
"All persons born or naturalr/od in the United
States, ami Mibjecl to (ho jm isdiot ion thereof, ai o
citizens ot' the United States and of Lho State
wherein thoy le.Mde."
This was the first proposition which in so
many woids declared who should be citizens
of the United Slates. It had been previously
a subject of judicial and legal dispute. It
is true that Ihen the slaves had been inside
free; but, here was I he first, express provision
declaring who should be citizens:
"All j ei*ons(born or naturalized in the United
Staler . i ml Mihieci, to lho j m im! irt ion (heieof, aro
eit lyrns nt dm I! ml od Si a!<■-;a nd ot (he Si ate whet ein
they i <vido No Siaie shall in.ike or entoieo any
law wlneli fdiall .tin idtje (he privileges or mi mum I ics
ot eiii/>i'u:j of lho United St.ites ; nor Miali any State
de.ptivo anv prison of life, liberty, or properly
without duo pioeos of law, nor deny to any peison
within its jumdietion the equal piotection ol the
laws."
Wo have that supplemental power to the
civil rights hill. Then wo have also this pro-
vision in section five of the fourteenth article:
"The Cotigie-s shall have power to enforce,
by appiopu.ite legislation, the provisions ot this
ai tide."
Then we have supplementary slill the fif-
teenth amendment, which declares further
that—
" The right of citizens of the United States to voto
shall not, be denied or abndged by the United States
or by am State mi account ot race, color, or pruviou.s
condition ot servitude.''
.So that we not, only have the Constitution
as it stood when the civil rights bill was
passed, but we have the two later amend-
ments to the Constitution reeuforcing and
adding to the power of Congress over the
subject of protecting persons in the enjoy-
ment ot their rights as citizens.
Under these circumstances it is alleged that
the civil rights act which was passed before
the passage ol the amendments is not sufficient
to a certain extent; that is, it does not, pro-
tect the colored people m their right to travel
in the cars; it does not protect the colored
people in their light to have some of their own
race, if necessaiy, sit in the jury; they claim
that their own iace should not be discrim-
inated Mgaiust in the selection of jurors. Fur-
ther, it is said that it docs not protect them in
their right to the enjoyment of money collected
irom them and from other citizens of the Uni-
ted States for the education of their children,
but that discriminations are made on account
of race, color, and previous condition of serv-
itude, not only in the right to travel, in the
light to be tried by a jury of one's equals, but
in the right to have one's children educated at
the common school.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him if there is any such inhibition
in regard to the rightto travel as he speaks of?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will come to that. I
do not believe that any lawyer denies the right
of colored people to travel in the cars; but
the right is denied practically in many of the
States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him if he has any doubt that a col-
ored man has the same remedy that I have if
1 were denied, or that any other white person
would have if he were denied such a right?
Mr. SHERMAN. The answer to that is
that the remedy is not sufficient.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the same, is it
not? It is equal?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, it is the same ;
and this makes no distinction on that account.
The extended remedies by this supplemental
bill extend to whites as well as blacks.
Mr. KERRY, of Connecticut. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. They ought to. If there
is any amendment necessary to give all these
additional securities here proposed, it ought
to be offered.
Mr. CARPENTER. Itdoesgive the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. [ thought so.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. No ; and if
you will examine it you will see that it is not
so. The point is this: if a white man or a
colored man is excluded from the cars on
account of color, then these remedies inter-
vene, criminal and civil both; but, if a white
man is excluded Iroin the cars for any other
reason than color, it is no misdemeanor at, all.
Mr. SHERMAN. White is just as much
a color as black, but I believe according to
chemistry neither is a color; so that, the dis-
tinction is as broad as it is long. Under these
circumstances we know the fact that black
people are excluded from* the public convey-
ances ; that, they are excluded from steamboats
in many cases; that they are excluded from
railroad cars, and from \anotis other facilities
provided by the public for public use. Under
the, common law of'England steamboats and
railroads and all modes of travel, including
hotels, are a pait of the rightsand immunities
of the people. They are made for the conven-
ience of people; theyaie made for the com-
mon convenience; and under the common
law of England, which is a part of the im-
munity of every citizen of the United States,
no man decently dressed could be excluded
from any public conveyancc who chose to con-
iorm to the rules piesciibed for all.
The first, clause of this amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts simply declares
" that no citizen of the United States shall, by
reason of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, be excepted or excluded from
the full and equal enjoyment of any accom-
modation, advantage, facility, or privilege fur-
nished by innkeepers." Is there anything
wrong in that? Is not that in exact accord-
ance with the spirit and language of the civil
rights bill ? There some of the immunities of
citizens are defined : the right to enforce con-
tracts, to sue, to give evidence, to inherit, pur-
chase, lease, sell, hold, and convey real estate.
Are these rights any more important or any
more privileges and immunities of the citizen
than the right to travel in a public conveyance
on the highway? Is the right of a man con-
lined to the place where he is so that he can
only buy and sell, sueand be sued there? The
right to travel all over this country is just as
much a right and privilege and immunity of a
citizen as the right to make a contract, or to
sue and be sued, to plead and to be impleaded.
There can be no distinction.
But the honorable Senator from Illinois
says that nobody denies this right, and that
the same remedy is now open. But that the
remedy is not sufficient is shown by the fact
that these people have been excluded under
local laws still alleged to be in force; and I
believe that some of the courts have held that
those local laws are not repealed by the pro-
visions of the Constitution of the United
States and of the civil rights act. So that now
we know as a matter of fact that in many
States, in many communities, a man cannot,
on account of his color, exercise these rights;
and this merely supplements and gives him an
additional remedy. This does not assert a
new right. This does not affirm that a negro
shall have now what he has not a right to
before the passage of the act. It only supple-
ments the old remedy by giving him an addi-
tional remedy.
Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois
and I do not disagree about the right of
every person to travel in a public convejance.
He says that is not disputed. 1 do not see how
it can be under the Constitution of the United
States. But that ir. is denied is admitted, and
there is practically at present no remedy.
A mere right without a remedy is a wrong, and
it is the business of the courtsand the business
of law-makers to provide a remedy for every
right that is given. If we merely declare the
rights of a citizen and give him no remedy,
we simply give him the Taw without giving him
the sanctions of the law.
It is said that the fact is that the law is now
insufficient for that purpose. If all the com-
munities throughout the United States would
enforce the Constitution as it is mid the pres-
ent civil rights law it would be sufficient; but
unfortunately it is not enfoicedin this particu-
lar. What can be the objection, then, to assert-
ing this right conceded to beioug to the colored
people and making proper provision lor its
enfoicementV 1 cannot see any reason for it.
The next is the clause after "innkeepers,"
"by common carriers whether on land or on
water." That is to say, a colored man shall
have a right to have his property transported
and his person transported on land or on
water. If that is denied, and it is alleged
that it is, why should it not be enforced, and
why should this discrimination be made?
Why is not the right of free transit just as
much an immunity of a citizen of the United
States as the right to make a contract?
What meaning is there m the term "civil
right?" ilow do you define and limit it?
How do you say that the right to make a con-
tract is a civil right and not a right to enforce
a contract ? Iiow can you say that it is a
civil right to make a lease and not a civil right
to travel in a public conveyance? These dis-
tinctions ate too refined for me. I cannot
draw them. If the houorable Senator from
Illinois, who is a better lawyer, can draw the
distinction between the civil right to make a
lease, to make a contract, to sue and be sued,
and the civil right totravclina public convey-
ance, I cannot do it; and I do not think the
people of the United States can do it. All
these rights are essential to the equality of
citizens before the law, and the equal and just
protection of the law. The next is :
By licensed owners, managers, or lessees of the-
aters, or other placcs of public amusement; by
trustees, commissioners, superintendents, teachers,
and other officers ol' common schools and other
public institutions of learning, the same being sup-
pot ted by moneys derived from general taxation, or
authorized bylaw.
And then there is a provision that private
schools expressly dedicated either for the edu-
cation of whites or blacks, or on account of
other distinctions, are not interfered with.
This does not interfere with the right of citi-
zens to appropriate their money according to
their own limits. I may establish a school for
the education of colored people and exclude
all whites, or for the education of whites and
