1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2297
bond with two or more sureties, to be approved by
the Secretary of the Treasury, in such sum as he
may deem sufficient, with condition that the money
by such paymaster received as aforesaid shall be
faithfully accounted "for as other public moneys in
his hands, such bond to be joint and several, and
may be sued upon in any district or circuit court of
the United States: And provided further. That the
Government shall be liable for the amount depos-
ited to the person so depositing the same.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
amendment. ]
The amendment was agreed to. j
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA VETERANS.
Mr. WEST. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
659. It is a bill reported by the Military Com-
mittee, and will not lead to any debate. It is
a bill which comes within the order for to-day,
but it escaped the notice of the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 559) for the relief
of California and Nevada veteran volunteers
honorably discharged at points distant from
original enlistments.
Mr. WEST. It is only necessary to read
the amendment, which is a substitute for the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICEIi. Unless some
Senator calls for it, the reading of the original
bill will be omitted.
The amendment of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was read, being to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the bill, and to
insert as a substitute therefor the following :
That the proper accounting officer of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay,
or to cause to be paid, to the officers and enlisted
men of such California and Nevada veteran volun-
teers as were honorably discharged for any cause in
New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, and other points dis-
tant from their homes, upon individual applications
by such parties, travel-pay and allowances, as pre-
scribed by laws in force at the time, from place of
discharge to place of original enlistment, deducting
amounts already paid them for travel Irom place of
discharge to place of recnlistment; and sums paid
under this act shall be charged to appropriations
heretofore made tor pay of two and three years'
volunteers.'
Sec. 2. That the provisions of this act shall not
apply to officers whose resignations were accepted,
nor to enlisted men mustered out of the service or
discharged upon their own application.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below :
The bill (H. R. No. 1541) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1873—to the Committee
on Appropriations.
The bill (II. R. No. 1758) to authorize the
appointment of deputies of clerks of circuit
and district courts—to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2206) for payment
to R. M. Green for the use of his patent by
the Government—to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 2247) giving the ap- !
proval and sanction of Congress to the term-
ini and route of the Anacostia and Potomac
Biver railroad, and to regulate its construction
and operation—to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The bill (H. R. No. 991) providing for the
relief of certain invalid pensioners—to the
Committee on Pensions.
The bill (H. R. No. 546) for the relief of
Charles F. Tracy—to the Committee on Indian
The bill (H. R. No. 2253) for the relief of
Cathron & Maguire, bankers and brokers of
the city of Rome, Georgia—to the Committee
on Ifinance.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles and referred to the Committee
on Commerce :
The bill (H. R. No. 2044) to authorize the
appointment of shipping commissioners by
the judges of the several circuit courts of the
United States to superintend the shipping and
discharge of seamen engaged in merchant ships
belonging to the United States, and for the
further protection of seamen; and
The bill (H. R. No. 2116) to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
by steam, and for other purposes," approved
February 28, 1871.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles and referred to the Committee
oil Public Lands:
The bill (H. R. No. 1022) for the relief of
aged and infirm preemption settlers : and
The bill (H. R. No. 2202) authorizing joint
entry by preemption settlers, and for other
purposes.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads:
The bill (H. R. No. 15G4) for the relief of
William F. Barker, postmaster at Northville,
Fulton county, New York;
The bill (H. II. No. 2255) for the relief of
W. H. Kirk;
The bill (IT. R. No. 2256) authorizing the
Postmaster General to issue one-cent corre-
spondence or post cards for transmission in the
United States mails; and
The bill (H. R. No. 2207) to authorize the
construction of a bridge, and to establish the
same as a post road.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Claims:
The hill (IT. R. No. 309) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund certain
moneys to James O. P. Burnside ;
The bill (H. It. No. 1274) for the relief of
Thomas F. Spencer, of Indiana; and
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 131) relat-
ing to the commissioners of claims appointed
under act of Congress approved March 3,1871.
JAMES T. JOHNSTON.
The bill (H. ft. No. 2246) for the relief of
James T. Johnston, of Alexandria, Virginia,
was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a bill to
correct a mistake in the enrollment of another
similar bill, which was vetoed by the President
on that account.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask that that bill be
considered now and put on its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A similar bill
was passed, but owing to an error in the
enrollment, the President vetoed it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the biil. In order to remedy an error
of fact in a certain bill (H. II. No. 1867) for
the relief of James T. Johnston, which hereto-
fore passed both Houses at the present session
of Congress, and was returned April ]. 1872,
by the President of the United States without
his approval, on account of such error, the bill
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
toJamesT. Johnston, of Alexandria, Virginia,
the amount of the proceeds of the sale for
taxes due to the United States, without inter-
est, of lot No. 162, on Prince street, Alexan-
dria, Virginia, less all taxes, costs, and legal
charges, the sale having been made by the
tax commissioners of the United States under
the laws for the collection of direct taxes.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SETTLERS ON CHEROKEE LANDS.
The bill (H. R. No. 1496) to carry out cer-
tain provisions of the Cherokee treaty of 1866
and for the relief of settlers on the Cherokee
lands in the State of Kansas, was read twice
by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. A precisely similar bill
has twice passed the Senate, once during this'
Congress and once during the last Congress.
The only change is that the House put the
lands at two dollars an acre, while "vve put. them
at $1 25; but I have thought that we had bet-
ter pass this bill as it now stands, because the
bill which passed the Senate went to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands,, and therefore it has
not the same number as this, and did not come
from the same committee. This bill came
from the Committeeon Indian Affairs, although
it is identically the same bill, I think, with ttie
exception of the prices of the land. They
have now been raised, a portion of them to
two dollars and a portion of them to $1 50 an
acre. I move that the bill be put upon its
passage, as the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs is present and knows the
facts to which I allude.
Mr. STEVENSON. I prefer that the bill
should go to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky desires to have the bill referred.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move that it lie
on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
asked consent to have these bills taken up and
referred. He will reserve this one until to-
morrow morning if any Senator objects to its
being passed or referred. The appropriate
time for the presentation of bills for reference
is at the opening of the session, but these bills
were delayed in consequence of the debate
occupying the whole morning hour to-day.
The bill will therefore lie on the table until
to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
OFFICERS AND CREW OF T1IE KEARSARGE.
The biil (H. R. No. 2205) for the relief of
the officers and crew of tbe United States
steamer Iiearsarge was read twice by its title.
Mr. CRAG1N. That bill which comes from
the House has passed the House four times.
A bill exactly like it with two or three verb-al
alterations passed the Senate only a few days
ago. I have examined this bill carefully, and
find that the alterations of the House are not
material, and 1" hope the Senate will pass the
bill at this time. It is a hill to pay to Rear
Admiral Winslow and the officers and crew of
the Iiearsarge, who destroyed the Alabama,
prize money. I will say that the statute-books
are full of precedents precisely like this. I
hope the Senate will allow the bill to pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is this the same
bill that we passed before?
Mr. CRAGIN. I will state exactly how it
differs from the bill we passed. The House
inserted the words "out of any money here-
after to be appropriated," for the purpose of
keepingthe bill outof Committee of "the Whole.
They also struck out the words "in the same
manner as prize money," and inserted, "ac-
cording to the pay-roll of the ship at the time."
That would give a little larger proportion to
the inferior officers. They also siruck out the
word " mariner," and inserted "of said offi-
cers and crewand also struck out the words
"legal representatives," and inserted "per-
sonal representatives." With those excep-
tions it is precisely, word for word, the bill as
it passed the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not rise to oppose
the bill; on the contrary, I think I voted two
years ago for substantially the same kind of a
bill; but I desire to make an inquiry: two years
ago, when we had a similar bill up, I think the
claim of the officers of the ship Wyoming was
united in the same bill with this claim, and I
am inclined to think the one is as meritorious
as the other.
Mr. CRAGIN. That was a Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to know
why they are not together now.
