1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8193
exclude all blacks. All it declares is that the
children of negroes shall have an equal and
fair share in the enjoyment of that which is col-
lected by public taxation.
The supreme court of the State of Ohio
have recently passed upon our own law in that
.State, which does in certain cases provide for
separate schools for colored children, and have
held it to be constitutional, and 1 believe they
are right. There, in certain cases defined by
the law, the colored people may have, when
they are of a certain number, separate schools,
and provision is made in such cases as that
for a distribution pro rata of the funds. In
Ordinary cases, by the common consent and
custom of every one there since the war was
over, tlie whites and the blacks go to the same
schools. Although it was at first supposed
that this would almost create a revolution,
though it was supposed that the white boys
would drive all the darkies away, and that this
idea of social equality would be feared by
parents and children, all difficulty has entirely
disappeared. The darkey boys and darkey
girls go to the same school and sit on the same
benches with the white children. They are
not any more socially equal than they were
before. There is no more social connection
than before. They play together at ball as they
have always done at the South from time
immemorial.
The distinction in the South never occurred
until the boys and girls grew up into men and
women. Then the law of slavery began to
operate and brought the line of demarkation
to separate them. So the law of social caste,
the law of social habit will draw the line be-
tween the white and black at a later period of
life. Experience has shown that in all the
northern States, so far as the general going
to school of the children has been carried out,
the distinction soon disappears, not the social
distinction but the distinction of rights, and
that no evil has resulted from that. I my-
self feared that the strong instinct of caste,
the feeling of prejudice, would make it
difficult to get white and black to go to the
same school. But boys and girls are much
more sensible, and much more logical, and
much more tolerant than men and women,
and on the whole I have thought that the white
boys at school rather liked to have the darkies
with them, not perhaps in accordance with the
notions that have prevailed time out of mind,
because they are generally better humored,
generally kinder. They get along very well
together, and so far as I have heard from those
who have taught school, I have never heard
that there is any practical difficulty in the few
blacks of the State of Ohio mingling in com-
mon schools with the whites. I have never
heard from any school teacher that such has
been the case.
In the southern State my opinion would be
that for a time it might be a matter of muni-
cipal regulation, it might be a matter of con-
venience assented to both by whites and blacks
to keep them in separate schools. When the
right is once asserted ; when the right of the
parent of every child to have that child share
on equal terms and equal facilities with all
others in participating and sharing in the
school fund is acknowledged, we cannot logic-
ally dispute that right when we have secured
them all the rights, immunities, and privileges
of citizens. When we have made them voters
we cannot by our laws stamp them with astain
of degradation.
Now, Mr. President, that is all there is in
this civil rights bill. I do not know whether
it will do much good or not. If it will secure
to these people their equal and fair enjoyment
of the same rights that are secured by law to
white people, it will accomplish a good pur-
pose, and in my judgment the passage of this
bill and its fair enforcement will do as much
to preserve kindly feeling in the southern
States as the passage of the amnesty bill. The
time has come when ail distinctions that grew
out of slavery ought to disappear, when all the
turmoils and troubles that grew out of the war
should disappear; but. sir, as long as you
have distinctions and discriminations between
white and black in the enjoyment of legal rights
and privileges—not social privileges, but in the
enjoyment of legal rights and privileges, you
will have discontent and parties divided be-
tween black and white.
Wipe out all legal discriminations between
white and black, give the white men amnesty,
let them be voters and officeholders, and
enjoy whatever offices may be conferred on
them by their fellow-citizens, make no distinc-
tion between black and white, and then you
have a division in the southern States between
parties; it will not be the black vote and the
white vote against each other ; but men of the
two races will mix and mingle in parties ac-
cording to their interests. In my judgment
there are two measures of peace that we ought
to confer on the people of the United States,
one for the benefit of the black race, which
would secure them every right, immunity, and
privilege that is conferred by law upon a white
man ; and another upon the white race, with
only a few marked exceptions, to restore to
them all the civil rights and privileges which
they lost by participating in the rebellion.
I trust now that I have answered the Sen
ator from Illinois, and I think that this bill,
in securing the right of free transit, the right
to participate in the law of common carriers,
the right to participate in the enjoyment of
the school fund, provides for civil rights fairly
and fully defined by the first section of the
civil rights bill, which the Senator so ably
supported, and for which I most cheerfully
voted.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am very
anxious to secure the passage of an amnesty
bill. I believe that it is necessary to the peace
and good government of the country. On
looking over the debate previous to the pas-
sage of the fourteenth constitutional amend-
ment I find that I expressed some views at
that time, six years ago, upon this question
of disabilities. I expressed the opinion then
that their imposition would accomplish no
good purpose, that the only way to protect the
negro was to give him the ballot, and that he
would then have plenty of friends. He has
got the ballot, and it has produced the result
that I supposed it would, and in a most intensi-
fied degree. He has got the ballot, and it
brings him advocates and friends from every
source. I said six years ago, in addressing
the Senate:
*'One thing is certain, that the negro must have
the ballot or have no Iriends; and being poor and
friendless, and surrounded as he is by enemies, his
fate is extermination. But give him the ballot, and
he will have plenty of white friends, for the xjeopie
of the United States love votes and office more than
they hate negroes. I need not allude to the kindly
feelings the ballot secures for the poor, for you have
plenty of illustrations at every election. There are
many classes of poor people in the North who would
be little better than slaves but for the power of the
ballot, before which notonly politicians but merchant
princes and millionaires tremble; and the mighty
Executive of forty iniilion people bows in humble
submission to the omnipotent power of the ballot."
"Give him the ballot and he will secure his own
freedom, which includes all the balance.
" Erecdmen's bureaus, civil rights bills, arc all
very well in their way, but very expensive in their
operations. They can effect very little in protecting
or governing tour million people. Tne government
of a Froedmen's Bureau is not self-government,
and the sooner we commence to give these people
self-government the better."—Congressional Globe,
first session Thirty-Ninth Congiess, 1805—66, part
three, pages 2799 and 2800.
In another place, in the course of the same
speech, I had occasion to remark further upon
the same subject. Speaking against putting
in the disabilities in the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, I said:
" But I n.m asked, would you allow the leaders of
therebellion to return to Congress to insult theloyal
North with their odious presence in tne councils of
the nation, there to plot treason and revile loyalty?
I answer, no. I would take the proper measures to
prevent it. I would chain them to the ballot of the
loyal blacks, and hold them in the strong grasp of
a loyal people. They will not send them here. You
may frame all the exclusion bills you please, but if
you exciude loyalty from the ballot-box and allow
none but rebels with a small portion of loyal whites
to vote, disloyalty will find expression in your na-
tional Legislature in the persons of lower and meaner
men than the intellectual chieftains of therebellion.
The desire to exclude a few from office as an excep-
tion or an expression of a sentiment can accomplish
no great good. It is not worth serious consideration.
It is like disputing about an old whip in a negotia-
tion for a first-class six-horse team. Exclusion from
the franchise and office is idle. It is too difficult to
accomplish, and no good results can possibly follow.
Wo do not wish to punish the South. It has already
been sufficiently scourged and humiliated by the
inevitable results of a bloody war."—Congressional
Globe, first session Thirty-Ninth Congress, 1865-66,
page 2302.
I like that illustration which I made about
the negotiation as to a whip. I think our
attempt at exclusion is illustrated by that
homely figure which I used on that occasion.
I think the whole thing has done us more harm
than good from the beginning. I believe every
sensible man who looks over the field to-day
and looks over the history of the South is satis-
fied that good government has lost all the
time by this disability section of the fourteenth
amendment, and it has been the great drag
upon the success of our reconstruction meas-
ures. We did not by it exclude anybody from
the ballot so as to get any political power
really; we excluded a few from office ; all
persons vote.
Is it not perfectly clear that that exclusion
from office has worked injury rather than
good ? It has certainly produced a great deal
of ill-feeling and exasperation. It certainly
has not protected the loyal element in the
South. It certainly has noi protected the
negroes. It has not deprived any person of
the power of entering Ku Klux Klans, but it
has furnished excuses for them. It has got
them sympathy from the whole United States
all the time. That sympathy was so strong
that it forced you at your last national conven-
tion, aud will again at your next, to declare that
you are in favor of amnesty. You carry that
load«without any results in good government.
Now mark what I say : in Philadelphia you will
have to declare in favor of amnesty as you did
before, if you do not pass the bill before that
time. You are carrying this load without
accomplishing any good result.
It is claimed on the one hand that to this
cause are due the misfortunes in the southern
State governments. We expected that there
would be some misfortunes, because we had
to place the ballot in the hands of inex-
perienced persons j we did not expect they
would have perfect governments at once, and
everybody that expected such a thing was out
of his senses. They have done as well on the
whole as anybody had aright to expect under
the circumstances. But it is charged that if
these who have been excluded from office had
not been excluded, some of these evils might
have been avoided. It has not added in any
one State a vote in favor of the loyal side of
the issue or on the side of equal rights. It
has been used to create sympathy and draw
off votes North and South from the party that
wished to enforce the laws and have good
government.
Now, I am not here to say one word on be-
half of those men who are excluded. They
have no right to complain. I claim that sym-
pathy for them is misplaced. As far as they
are concerned, they forfeited not only these
rights, but further rights if the Government of
the United States had felt disposed to enforce
its authority. When they went into rebellion
they knew the consequences. The Govern-
ment of the United States might have pursued
a much harsher course and violated no prin
ciple. We have been very much more mag-
nanimous than any other country ever was,
but in our magnanimity we made this exclu-
sion. That these parties who were excluded
have no right to complain is perfectly evident
to any person who reMeets They have not
been punished according to their deserts.
