2298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Mr. CRAGIN. They do not come from the
House united. The Senate then amended that
bill by putting on the claim of the Wyoming.
The Committee on Naval Affairs at this session
reported two bills, one in favor of the Kear-
sarge and one in favor of the Wyoming.
Mr. THURilAN. They stand now sep-
arate 1
Mr. CRAGIN. They stand now separate.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I hope we shall
also pot the Wyoming bill on its passage, be-
cause I think it is every bit as meritorious as
this ; and I think they are both meritorious.
Mr. CRAGIN. I shall endeavor to do so
as soon as there is an opportunity.
Mr. CASSERLY. I simply rise to confirm
all that the Senator from Ohio has so well
said. I do hope that the Senate will not long
delay the same measure of justice to the
officers and crew of the Wyoming.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will state
that the other bill ought not to be put upon
thiR, and I will suggest one reason 
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not propose that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If Senators do
not make that suggestion, I have nothing to
say. I was going to observe, however, as a
reason why the Wyoming bill ought not to
be tacked on to this, that tbe claim of the
Wyoming is to be paid out of the Japanese
indemnity fund, and therefore the two things
ought not to be put together.
Sir. THURMAN. 1 do not ask to put it
on to this bill, because I am in favor of the
general principle of letting every claim stand
on its own merits and not log rolling one claim
by another, and I teel preity well satisfied that
it'the Senate will look into the Wyoming claim,
aa 1 have done, they will conclude that it ought
to pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is undoubt-
edly so.
Mr. CRAGIN. We have reported it.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 desire to state briefly why
it was that the Wyoming bill was put upon
the liearsarge bill before. I was a member
of the Naval Committee at that time and re-
member making the report. The bill which
passed the House at that time proposed to give
money to the officers and crew of the liear-
sarge out of the Japanese indemnity fund, and
when it came to the Naval Committee of the
Senate the officers and crew of the Wyoming,
whose actions had really led to the settlement
which produced finally the Japanese indemnity
fund, considered that they ought to be put upon
that bill. For that reason that amendment
was put on; but J understand that the bill which
now comes from the House proposes to pay the
money to the officers and crew of the liear-
sarge out of the Treasury and not out of the
Japanese indemnity fund; so that the other
measure when it comes up will stand oil its j
own merits.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Navy to pay to Rear Admiral John A. Wins-
low and the officers and crew belonging to
the United States steamer lvearsarge, while
engaged in the capture and destruction of the
vessel called the Alabama, on the 19th of
Juue, 1864, the sum of ยง190,000, that being
her estimated value, to be distributed to the
officers and crew attached to the Kearsarge at
that dale, according to the pay-roll of the ship
at the time, and to be iu lieu of the bounty
authorized by the eleventh section of the act
of June 20, 1864, entitled "An act to regulate
prize proceedings,'' &c, But 110 money is to
be paid to the assignee of any of the officers
or crew entitled to receive the same, but only
to himself iu person, his wife, or personal
representative, excluding any such assignee ;
and if any of the officers or crew has received
the bounty provided by the eleventh section
of the act of June 20, 1864, that is to be
deducted from the amount to be paid to him
under this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Indian appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I was about to appeal to
the Senator from California to allow me to
take up House bill No. 374, known as the
labor commission bill, but I understand that
several Senators who are not here desire to
speak on that bill, and I therefore give notice
that I shall endeavor to call it up at the ear-
liest practicable moment.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer an amend-
ment to the Indian appropriation bill, and I
move its reference to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have an execu-
tive session for a few moments.
Mr. COLE. If it is not the pleasure of the
Senate to go on with the appropriation bill now,
I will yield for that purpose.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I move that, the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after seven
minutes spent in executive session the doors
were reopened, and (at four o'clock and fifty-
four minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 9, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
SHRBVEt'ORT AND iNEW MKXICO RAILROAD.
Mr. SYPHER. by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 2250) to incor-
porate the Shreveport, Oklahoma, and New
Mexico Railroad Company ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Railways and Canals, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. Bills now introduced
are with the understanding they are to be
referred, not to be brought back by a motion
to reconsider.
fkeiflhtahk
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2251) to pro-
hibit railroad companies from discriminating
among shippers in shipping facilities and
fieightage ; which was read a first and second
time, reterredto the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
itBLIKF OE INVALID PENSIONERS.
Mr. MOORE I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, for present consideration, the bill
(H. R. No. 991) providing for the relief of
certain invalid pensioners.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read. It sets forth in its pre-
amble that by section ono of an act entitled
"An act supplementary to the several acts re-
lating to pensions," approved March 3, 1865,
certain soldiers who were entitled to and were
drawing invalid pensions, as provided for by
law, were deprived of their pensions on ac
count of their being employed in the civil ser-
vice of the JUnited States Government; and
that by the fifth section of an act entitled "An
act supplementary to the several acts relating to
pensions," approved June6,18613, the said first
section of the said act of March 3, 1865, was
repealed. The bill then authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to cause to be paid
to the pensioners, or to their legal heirs
or representatives as recognized by existing
pension laws, provided any of the pension-
ers shall have died prior to the approval of
this act, whatever amounts may have been
withheld by reason of the act of March 3, 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HENItY LEEP AND JOIIN 31 KEE.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back rom the Committee on Commeroe,
the memorial of Henry Leep and John Mc-
ICee; and moved that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote by
which tbe memorial was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUDLtC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. BEATTY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, which is authorized to re-
port at any time, to report for present consid-
eration a bill to provide for the distribution
of public documents.
The bill was read.
Mr. BEAT I'Y. At the request of several
members, I ask that the bill, instead of being
put upon its passage now, be printed and re-
committed to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. RANDALL. I submit that this bill
does not belong to the class of reports which
the Committee on Printing is authorized to
make at any time. I am willing that it shall
be printed and recommitted, but not that it
shall be brought back again by a motion to
reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be printed,
not to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. BEATTY. Then I insist on tbe bill
being considered now.
The SPEAKER. This bill comes from the
Committee on Printing, but it is not there-
fore a privileged report. The Committee on
Printing is authorized to report at any time,
but only upon matters of printing.
Mr. BEATTY. This is upon matters of
printing, and is a substitute for two resolu-
tion's sent to the committee.
The SPEAKER. It does not follow be-
cause a resolution in the morning hour of
Monday may be sent to the Committee on
Printing that that carries with it the privilege
of reporting at any time. In order to expedite
the business of the House the Committee on
Printing is authorized to report at any time
in matters of printing, but that does not carry
with it the right of reporting matters which
change the statute law of the country. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] will see
the distinction.
Mr. BEATTY. I do not know that this
changes the law. It simply adds to the law.
The SPEAKER. When the Chair speaks of
changing ihe law, he has reference to anything
which is independent legislation. The dis-
tinction is obvious, of course, to the chairman
of the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BEATTY. The bill simply provides
for publishing and distributing certain docu-
ments.
The SPEAKER. It is such a bill as might
come from tbe Committee on the Post Ofccu
and Post Roads, or from the Committee on the
Judiciary, or from any one of several commit-
tees. It would come in as ordinary legislation
from any of those committees, and'it could not
