4090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
tect of the Capitol extension, what changes can be
made in the construction and arrangement of the
Hall of Representatives, and the offices and corri-
dors adjacent thereto, so that the Ha.U of the House
may he brought out to the outer wall of the build-
ing, giving better light and ventilation and facil-
ity for legislation, and to fit it to the increased num-
ber of members of the House; said committee to
sit during the recess, and to report at any time dur-
ing the next session of Congress by bill, with accom-
panying plans, or otherwise; and the necessary ex-
penses to be paid by the Clerk of thellouse from the
contingent fund of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to a select
committee being appointed for that purpose.
It seems to me that a matter of this sort should
be done otherwise. The architect of the Cap-
itol extension should be instructed to make
this investigation and report to the House.
He can do this, and the House can act on his
report without an investigating committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say, in the first place, that I do not wish to
be appointed a member of this committee.
I have been here for six years hoping to have
something done for the protection of the
lives and health of Congressmen, but in vain,
and I have therefore offered this resolution.
I think that there should be some investiga-
tion, and the architectof the Capitol extension
desires to have so mebody to consult with about
so momentous a matter, and somebody to take
charge of it after it gets back to the House.
Mr. BANKS. I hope my colleague will
modify his resolution by striking out that por-
tion of it which gives the committee leave to
report it at any time. I think the report of
the select committee should be submitted as
other reports are.
Mr. BOTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
modify my resolution by striking out that
portion of it.
Mr. ARCHER. 1 think the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds is the proper
committee to take charge of this matter, and
I hope the gentleman will modify his resolu-
tion so as to refer it to them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection to that if 1 was sure that there
would be anything done about it. As I have
said, I have been here six years, but nobody
has yet found a way in which to do this thing.
Mr. GliTZ. The Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to my recollection,
have made two reports upon this very subject
of the ventilation of the Hall, about which the
gentleman is exercised so much, but the House
has always failed to take any action upon its
reports, for the reason that it involved too
large an expense. It is not the fault of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
that nothing has been done.
Mr. COBURN. I want to say something
about this matter. I am satisfied that unless
a select committee shall be appointed which
will take some interest in this matter nothing
will be done. The Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds have had a proposition
before them by which thirty more members
may be accommodated within ear-shot of that
desk, and promised to report, but they have
never done it. It is a very good committee
but it is slow about these matters. I think
that gentlemen who feel an interest in having
improvements made will go ahead and do
something. We all feel that the health, and
indeed the business capacity of membeis of
Congress, depends upon having fresh airheie,
and with the large increase of members that
will take place m the next Congress, unless
something is done promptly, great inconven-
ience will be experienced.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the gentle-
man from Indiana does injustice to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds. That
committee has had as much as it was possible
to attend to in providing for public buildings
all over the country.
Mr. COBURN. They have done a great
deal of good service in that respect, and the
country will no doubt be grateful for it a
thousand years from now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
modify my resolution by striking out the leave
to report at any time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has the resolution been
so modified as to refer this matter to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the resolution to be now upon its passage pro-
viding for a select committee of five mem-
bers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the resolution will
be reported again, as modified.
The resolution, as modified, was again read.
Mr. ARCHER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts modify his resolution, so as to
refer this matter to the standing Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, or does he still
insist upon having a select committee?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir,
I have not modified in that way.
The question was taken upon the resolution ;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce
duties on imports and to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes, with amendments; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
PAY OF WITNESSES.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I am instructed by
the Committee on Accounts to offer the reso-
lution which I send to the Clerk's desk. I
think there will be no objection to it, but if
there, is I will move to suspend the rules.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Itaolvcd, That th© rule for paying witnesses sum-
moned to appear before this House or any of its
committees shall be as follows, namely:
For each day a witness shall attend, the sum of
four dollars; for each inile he shall travel in coming
to or going from the place of examination, the sum
of five cents each way; but nothing shall be paid
for traveling when th© witness has been summoned
at the place of trial.
Mr. GARFIELD,* of Ohio. I hope that
resolution will pass. It will be a saving of
money.
Mr. ARCHER. It has the unanimous
approval of the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 suggest, how-
ever, that the gentleman strike out the words
u each way." The resolution says they shall
receive five cents a mile for going and coming,
and the words " each way" are unnecessary.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I will modify the reso-
lution by striking out those words.
Mr. IiLBBARD. I would suggest that the
resolution be amended by adding after the
word " summoned" the words u to appear
forthwith," otherwise a witness summoned to
appear at a future time might be obliged to
remain here and not receive any compensa-
tion.
Mr. ARCHER. He would receive four
dollars a day.
Mr. BUFFINTON. The resolution is right
as it is now, and has received the unanimous
approval of the Committee on Accounts.
The resolution was adopted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask that
we may proceed to the consideration of busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the Senate
amendments to the tariff and tax bill be taken
up for consideration.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I reserve my right
to object. I would ask the gentleman for what
purpose he proposes to take up those amend-
ments?
Mr. DAWES. I propose to take them up
in order to get the direction of the House in
reference to them. I propose to move a non-
coneurrence, and a reference to a committee
of conference.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to the
amendments being taken up. I suppose they
could not be taken up without a suspension
of the rules. I must object unless when taken
up they can be considered in the House or in
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAWES. It will be for the House to
determine what disposition to make of them.
They cannot be considered either in the House
or in the Committee of the Whole unless they
are first taken up. My proposition was to take
them up and get the direction of the House in
regard to them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to that.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move that the rules
be suspended so as to take up the Senate
amendments to the tariff and tax bill, non-con-
cur in them, and refer them to a committee
of conference.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that will not be
done. All of the bill relating to internal
revenue has as yet received no consideration
in the House.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman would
allow these amendments to be taken up for
the purpose of receiving the direction of the
House in regard to them, without insisting
upon any stipulation as to what should be
done, I would not have made my motion.
Mr. MAYNARD. The whole subject of
the tax on tobacco stands without any expres-
sion of opinion from this House, except upon
a resolution introduced some weeks ago by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Leach.]
I insist that we shall have a vote on that part
of the bill so that we can have some expression
of the House in regard to it.
Mr. BURCHARI). 1 desire to state that
this bill, with the amendments of the Senate,
was sent, by order of the Senate, to the Print-
ing Office at five o'clock this morning. It will
soon be here in a printed form, I suppose, and
then the House can consider these amendments
in the House or in Committee of the Whole,
concur in them or non-concur in them, as they
may deem best. I think it is better to do that
than to send them to a committee of confer-
ence without any instructions or discussion. I
hope the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. Dawes] will move to take up
the Senate amendments and consider them in
the House as in Committee of the Whole, so
that we may get the direction of the House
after discussion.
Mr. DAWES. I have no desire to seek'any
other disposition of this bill than what the
majority of the House may clearly indicate by
their votes. In order to ascertain what that
is, 1 supposed it was necessary first to take up
the amendments of the Senate. But the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farksworth] inter-
posed and said that that could not be done
unless there were some stipulations made in
regard to them. That forced me to make the
motion I did, to suspend the rules.
While I am on the floor I will suggest that
no one who has ever been upon a committee of
conference of this character would ever desire
or seek to have thrown upon him such a body
of amendments as the Senate have made to
this bill. Yet it is true that the great majority
of them are such as will ultimately be disposed
of in a committee of conference, and the ma-
jority of them are such as will take but a very
short time to dispose of in a committee of
conference. But there are three or four lead-
ing points upon which, if I were upon a com-
mittee of conference, I should prefer to have a
vote of the House. It was my intention to
suggest a non-concurrence in all the amend-
ments of the Senate, except two or three, or
three or four, toward which the attention of
the House has been specially directed, and
upon which the House might desire to vote,
and in reference to which a committee of con-
