506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
that the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia may investigate these questions in their
own way. Bat, sir, it has always seemed to me
that when any one asks an investigation we
ought to let them have it in their own way,
and to investigate to their heart's content.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If the suggestion
is withdrawn, and it is proposed that this mat-
ter shall be referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, I have nothing further to
say.
The SPEAKER. There is no motion pend-
ing but to refer the matter to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So far as I am con-
cerned, I am entirely satisfied with that com-
mittee. I believe it to be composed of hon-
orable gentlemen, who will do justice to the
investigation; and I believe the gentlemen
asking the investigation will be satisfied with
that reference. I will yield now to the Dele-
gate from the District of Columbia.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Mr. Speaker, I cannot
regard this as the proper moment for a vin-
dication of the government of the District
of Columbia. That time will come when the
report of the committee now asked shall be
sent to this House. All insinuations or innu-
endoes or flings at the government of this Dis-
trict preliminary to investigation are directly
calculated to prejudice the Opinions of mem-
bers. Mr. Speaker, the House, if this invest-
igation goes on, are to sit judicially, and it
does not beoome me, nor any member of the
House, to speak upon the merits of the District
government at this moment. I rise only to
say that I believe, although I have not been
consulted about this matter, although the peti-
tioners have not paid me the courtesy to sub-
mit their memorial through me or ask me to
introduce it for them, nor has any officer of
our District government suggested one word
on the subject as to the proper course to urge
when the memorial might be introduced, still
I believe that there is no gentleman connected
with the local government who would for a
moment resist this investigation, or who would
not court it. I said before the people of this
District, when I was a candidate for the office
which I now hold, that I was the advocate of
no man, of no board, and of no plan, except
such as looked to the future development of
this District, in which you, gentlemen of the
House, have an equal interest with myself and
my constituents. 1 believed then, and I believe
now, in the integrity and ability of our officers,
bat I was ready then, and I am ready now, to
be convinced to the contrary. Let this invest-
igation go on, but let it go before the com-
mittee that is better qualified than any other
to make it. It involves not only the question
of fidelity of administration, but it involves
also the entire plans of improvement proposed
for the District, and those can be examined
by no special committee without going over
the whole subject and spending months in the
investigation, so as to comprehend fully all the
points that will come before them. This in-
quiry lies directly in the line of investigation
which the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia must make to act intelligently as advisers
of the House. I ask, then, that this memorial
Mid the resolution be referred to the Commit-
tees for the District of Columbia, and I promise
that 1 will second the efforts of the gentleman
from Dlipois fMr. Farnswobth] or efforts
■from swiy quarter, in securing a full, fair, and
complete investigation of the matter charged.
The question wus upon adopting the follow-
ing resolution :
Resolved, That tho memorial of the citizens of the
District of Columbia hereby attached bo referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia, and that
said committee bo directed to investigate the truth
ot the allegations and charges in said memorial, and
report the result of such investigation to the House;
and that said committee have power to send for per-
sons and papers, and to examine witnesses under
oath.
No objection being made, the resolution was
adopted.
QUARANTINE AT NEW YORK.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce of this
House be authorized and directed to investigate into
the regulations in the nature of quarantine, and con-
cerning the treatment and restrictions upon vessels
and persons under quarantine at tho port of New
York; also to investigate into the duties and pow-
ers of harbor-masters and pilots.and into the regu-
lations and restrictions imposed" upon vessels and
persons at the harbor of New York, and also into
the means of reviving and sustaining American
commerce: and that said committee orsub-eommit-
tee thereof hare power to send for persons and
papers, hold sessions in the city of New York if
necessary, employ a stenographer, and report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move that this
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Commerce, with leave for that committee to
report thereon at any time.
No objection being made, the motion was
agreed to; and the resolution was referred
accordingly.
MIJMKB80TA LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, so that the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands be discharged from the further con-
sideration of House bill No. 1026, to create an
additional land district in the State of Minne-
sota, and that the same be now passed. That
bill has the unanimous approval of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office says in a
communication to me that the office is a pub-
lic necessity. This is a local bill, and there is
a necessity for it to be passed now.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes the President to establish an additional
landdistrictintheState of Minnesota, embrac-
ing all that part of the present Now Ulmland
district lying north of the north line of town-
ship number one hundred and ten, and to fix
fromtimetotimetheboundaries thereof, which
shall be named after the place at which the
office shall first be established, and provides
the President shall have power to fix, from
time to time, the location of the office forsuch
district. The second section authorizes the
President to appoint,, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a register and a
receiver for said land district, who shall be
required to reside at the site of the land office
for said district, who shall be subject to the
same laws and responsibilities, and whose
compensation, respectively, shall be the same
as that now allowed by law to other land offi-
cers in said State.
The question was taken ; and two thirds
voting in favor thereof, the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was passed.
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the rules be
suspended so as to enable me to introduce and
have passed at this time the following pre-
amble and resolution:
"Whereas political equality is the true basis of
republican institutions; and whereas under the
Constitution, as amended, all citizens of the United
States, without regard to race, color, or previous con- j
dition, are eligible to the offices of President and j
Vice President, except naturalized citizens, who
alone arc excluded: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and Mouse of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, (two thirds of each House concurring
therein,) That the following proposed article be
submitted for ratification to the Legislatures of the
States, and when ratified by three fourths of the
same, shall be declared a part of the Constitution :
Article —.
Section 1. Naturalized citizens who have attained
the age of thirty-five years, and have resided four-
teen years in the United States, are hereby declared
eligible to the offices of President and Vice Presi-
dent.
The question was upon suspending the rules
and passing the joint resolution.
Mr. MORGAN. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 90, nays 75, not voting 74 ; as follows :
■m-YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Archer, Arthur, Beatty,
Beck, Bell, -Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Burchard, Coghlan, Comingo. Conger, Conner, Cot-
ton, Cox, Crebs, Crossland, Dox, Du Bose. l)uell,
Duke, Bunnell, Eldridge, Fornsworth, Inirwel],
Einkelnburg, Charles Foster, Garrett,Geiz, Golladay,
Goodrich, Griffith. .Haldeman, Hancock, Ilandley,
Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Hay, Hereford.
Ilerndon, Ilibbard, Kerr, King, Lamison, Leacn,
Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McConnick. Ale-
Henry, Mclntyre, McNeely, Benjamin P. Meyers.
Morgan, Morphia, Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac
C. Parker, Eli Perry, Porter, Potter, Price, Head,
KdwardY. Rice, John M.Bice, Rogers, Sherwood.
Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss, Thomas J.
Speer, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Sutherland,
Swann, Terry, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wnddell,
Warren, Wells, Whiieley, Whitthorne, Wood, and
Y oung—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, William T. Clarke, Cobb, Darrall, Dawes,
Donnan, Lames. Wilder D. Foster, Gariield, Hale,
Hawley, John W. Hazleton, Hoar, tloushton, Kel-
ley, Lowe, Maynard, McGrew. MeJunkin, Mercur,
Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Leonard Myers, Oir,
Packard, Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F.
Perry, Piatt, Poland, Rainoy, Ritchie, Ellis H.
Roberts, Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions. Shanks,
Shellabarger, John A.Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Sprague, Stoughton, Stowell. Taffe,
Washington Townscnd. Turner, Twichell, Upson,
Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Walls,
Wheeler, Willard, Williams of Indiana, and John T.
Wilson—75.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Ames, Barnum,
Biggs, James Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin P. Butler,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll. Freeman Clarke, Co-
burn, Creely, Catcher, Davis, De Large, Dickey,
Edwards, Elliott, Ely, Forker. Henry D. Foster,
Frye, Halsey, Hambleton, Harmer, George E. Harris,
Havens, Hays, Gerry W. Hazleton, Hill, Holman,
Hooper, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcham. Killinger,
Kinsella, Lamport. Lansing, Lewis, Lynch. Mc-
Crary, McKee, McKinney, Merrick. Mitchell, Morey,
Negley, Packer, Peters, Prindle, Randall, William
R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk. Seofield,
Sheldon. Slocum, 11. Boardman Smith, R. Milton
Speer, Starkweather, Strong, St. John, Sypher,
Thomas, Dwight Townscnd, Tuthill, Tyner, Van
Trump, Williams ot New York, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, and Winchester—74 .
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. WHITELEY moved to suspend the rules,
so as to introduce and pass a bill to relieve
certain persons of Georgia from political dis-
abilities.
The bill, which was read, removes from the
following-named persons all legal and political
disabilities imposed by the third section of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United Slates: Herschel Y. Johnson, of
Jefferson county; William B. Fleming, of
Chatham county; Hardy G. Crawford, of
Decatur county ; Byron B. Bower, of Decatur
county; Jack Brown, of Sumter county;
George Kimbrough, of Lee county; and A. H.
Hansell, of Thomas county.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to, (two thirds voting in favor thereof;) and so
the bill (H. E. No. 1182) was introduced and
CONSULAR SERVICE, ETC.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit the resolution which I send to the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, 1. That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, directed to transmit to this House
copies of all reports and correspondence received,
and on file at the Treasury Department, from each
and all the agents appointed under the act of Con-
gress to advise, inspect, or superintend the consular
and commercial agenth of the United States.
2. That the Secretary of the Treasury be directod
to inform this Iiouse if, in his opinion, anv iurther
legislation by Congress is needed to enable the con-
sular and commercial agents of the United States
in foreign countries to ascertain and report the true
market value of merchandise exported from their
respective consular or commercial districts and im-
ported into tho United States, and to protect the
customs revenue by reyuinng that such agents shall
not certify to the correctness of invoices of such
merchandise, as required by the act of Congress ap-
proved March 3, 1803, till they are satisfied, by per-
sonal inspection or otherwise, that the valuation in
said invoices is correct and true.
3. That the SecieUry of tho Treasury be directed
to inform this House how many of the consular and
commercial agents of the United States abroad either
speak or write the language ot the country in which
their districts are situated, and the language in
which the commercial business therein is chiefly
carried on.
4. That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to furnish to this House, a statement of tho feus
