1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3195
had been Secretary of War, he had been an
officer of the United States Army, but all that
• would count for nothing; and if it had not
been that lie was here a memberof this Senate
and retired in 1861, this bill would not exclude
him.
I am not willing to include such a large class
if it is tbe pleasure of the Senate to make a
- general bill and to attach to it these oaths, to
■which I attach very little importance. With
all deference to the Senator trom Indiana, the
one that he proposes I thinlc of very small
"consequence. Oaths are but air. Ineverknew
a man in my life who would deliberately life
who would not swear to it when it became
necessary. It would not commend anything
to me because a man made an oath. I do not.
want, any oath. I am opposed to oaths gen-
erally. I have ceased to administer them. I
would prosecute for a perversion of the truth
without compelling a man to commit perjury
first.
This would make this bill simply a general
act of amnesty, according to the proposition I
have presented, without any exception. I
know that some friends of the bill say that
they are willing to go to the extent of the bill,
and no further. I do not think the bill dis-
criminates very wisely; but I will take the
bill if I can get nothing better. I would rather
the discriminations were different from what
they are ; but that is not for me. 1 will test
the sense of the Senate, however, by the
amendment, which declares general amnesty
in terms, aiid that is amendable, if anybody
chooses to do it, by presenting a different
shape than the bill now does.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Georgia.
Mr. BOREMAN. 1 regret that a friend of
amnesty who must see that there is a good deal
of difficulty in getting any bill on that subject
passed here, after the committee has reported
formally as they have on the bill which has
passed the House, should undertake now to
put in a condition that will make it impossible
to pass the bill; for, although I have brought
myself to the point that I will vote for this bill
as.it stands, I can say to the Senator from
Georgia, and to the friends of amnesty gener-
ally, that if these exceptions are stricken out
1 shall not vote for it at all. If they are not
willing to take this bill with the exceptions in
it, the consequence, in my apprehension, is
that the bill will be defeated entirely.
Mr HILL. Will the Senator i rom West
Virginia allow me to say to him that, i do not
wUli to lose his support to the bill? I am
merely giving my views as to the unfairness
of the bill as it now presents itself to me.
Bather than lose the Senator's support for the
bill as it is, since I have said that if I can do
no better I will take the bill as it, is, I with-
draw the amendment I have offered so as to
give the Senator an opportunity of having the
hill as it, is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia is withdrawn.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, questiou on my
motion.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think I have the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not think Senators
ought to be so exceedingly anxious to have
votes taken on these propositions while other
gentlemen ate addressing the Chair; but I can
pardon the ardor of my friend from Massa-
chusetts. He has been pressing this measure
for several years, and he wants to see it con-
summated, [ suppose.
^ hile I am up 1 desire to say a word or two
in rega'd to something that fell from the Sen-
ator trom Illinois, [Mr. Thumbuli. ] He com-
plained that I was absent this morning while
he was addressing the Senate on this subject,
and he was undertaking to congratulate me
and himself and the friends of amnesty upon
the course I had taken and he regretted ex-
ceedingly that, I was absent. The fact is that
I was not absent. I was listening to that con-
gratulation, not in my seat, however ; but from
some cause or other in a subsequent part of
his remarks he saw fit to charge that I had
abandoned the bill for which I had spoken
this morning. Upon what he based that
charge I do not know, except possibly that I
was not present to hear his intended eu'ogy
upon the course I had taken. I am inclined
to think that a good deal of what he said in
regard to my support of this bill might have
been omitted, it was rather a waste of time
and breath, for I confess that my support of
this bill is not one that is very ardent. How-
ever, I intend to vote for it, as I said this
morning, as a question of expediency and of
good policy.
I think that it is inappropriate, not out of
order probably, as has been decided by the
Senate, but that it is inexpedient at this time
to offer what is styled here the supplementary
civil rights bill as a substitu'e for this bill on
the subject of amnesty. Why is this done?
Ought not each of these questions to stand
upon its own merits? It is not now proposed,
as it was some days since, to put these bills
through pari passu in one and the same meas-
ure—to pass them together, so that with the
relief from disabilities on the one hand, what
are called civil rights should go on ihe other;
but, now while it is admitted, I believe, that
there is the requisite number of this body who
will vote for this bill to pass it as it is, it is
proposed to substitute another bill upon a
totally different question, thereby supplant-
ing and defeating this proposition entirely. I
repeat, that I think each of these measures
ought to stand upon its own merits.
If there is a majority of the Senate, as has
been said here time and again, that will vote
for the civil rights bill, why is it not taken up
and passed? It can be taken up any day and
passed during the morning hour. Every day
there is time after the morning business is
gone through with when it could be taken up
on motion ; but it is antagonized to the bill on
the subject of amnesty, for what purpose I do
not pretend to say. It is not for me to say.
Now, sir, I do not know that I am opposed,
indeed I am not opposed to many things that
are contained in this civil righis bill. I have
no constitutional scruples whateverabout many
provisions in the bill; but I cannot vote for
it here, nor can I vote for that bill as it, now
stands at all, whether it is put upon its passage
us a substitute for the pending bill or alone as
an independent proposition. There are some
things in it that I think ought not to be incor-
porated into any law of Congress. In the first,
place, as a question of expediency, not one of
constitutional right, and not one probably that
1 might take so much exception to under some
circumstances, but it, is one that 1 cannot vote
for, is the provision in regard to schools.
That is the first to which I take exception.
It is said here we are denying equal rights
to the colored and white people in the schools.
I deny it. The same provision in regard to
schools exists in reference to the white and
colored children of the country in most of the
States. It is so in my State. It is true that
there are separate schools, schools for white
children and schools for the colored; but
nevertheless the provisions of the school laws
from beginning to end apply precisely to the
one as they do to the other; and it is just, as
much a violation of the right of a white child
to keep him out, of a black school as it is of a
black child to keep him out of a white school,
if we are narrowed down to such a proposition
as that. Tbe time will come, I have no doubt,
when these distinctions will pass away in all
the States, when school laws will be passed
without this question appearing upon the face
of those laws; but itis notso now, and for the
present I am willing to allow the laws of the
State to remain as they are where they pro-
vide schools for both classes.
^ But, sir, there are provisions in this civil
rights bill that follow the one in regard to
schools for which I cannot vote, and if they
are retained in the bill I shall not vote for it
as an independent proposition or as a sub-
stitute for the pending bill. It, compels the
trustees and officers of cemetery associa-
tions and benevolent institutions incorpor-
ated by national or State authority to accom-
modate all persons alike. The whole of
this is made to depend upon the question as
to whether these associations are incorporated
by national or State authority. Now, sir,
many of the cemetery associations and the
numerous benevolent associations that we
have in the S'ates, have acts of incorpor-
ation ; mar.y of them are incorporated under
general laws; but they are for all piactical
purposes; and to all practical intent private
establishments. A few gentlemen come to-
gether and buy fifteen, twenty, or thirty
acres of ground for a cemetery. It is so
in my State, and I presume in other States.
They go and get an act of incorporation as
a matter of convenience simply so that they
can transact their business in their corpor-
ate name. It is nevertheless their private
property. Nobody has a right to invade
that property, to enter any person there
without their permission, under the existing
laws of the States. The only thing that
makes it even a quasi public establishment
is that they have got this aet of incorpor-
ation as a matter of convenience.
So it is with the benevolent institutions that
might be named. I apprehend this bill will
invade the precincts of the secret societies.
Here is your Masonic fraternity, your Odd
Fellows, and other organizations. If this bill
is passed into a law, cannot these persons
claim the right to go into the^e secret societies,
and, if they are refused admission, go into the
courts and indict the officers and send them
to the penitentiary and fine them? For one,
sir, 1 am not willing to invade, nor shall I, by
the passage of such a law as this, invade the
private rights of the people of this country.
There is no bound to this; there is no limit.
I say I have the right with my fiiends to buy
property where their friends and mine shall
be interred when they go to their long home,
and that nobody has a right to invade it. It
is as sacredly private as my own homestead,
as any other piece of property I may own.
So it is with these benevolent institutions to
which I have referred. These people associ-
ate themselves together for convenience. They
have to go to the law to get their aet of incor-
poration, to avoid the use of so many names
in the transaction of business, in the buying
and selling of property, or in the exercise of
the rights which they have and that are neces-
sary for carrying on whatever is to be in the
establishment. But simply because they have
to apply to the State authority, for this refers
to State authority, to get this matter of con-
venience, therefore by an act of Congress tho
private property of myself and others is to be
thus invaded by anybody and everybody 1
Why, sir, some of these cemetery associa-
tions do not ailow all white people to be buried
there. They have bought their fifteen or
twenty acres and improved them in which
themselves and those to whom they sell may
participate, in which ground they may bury
their dead; but they do not allow the outside
world to come in. They allow no while per-
sons to come in except those who are stock-
holders, and who are peimittod by the organ-
ization. And yet under this bill you will
allow colored people to go in there despite of
private rights, while you do not compel them
to admit white people.
The provisions of the bill to which I have
referred cannot be sustained, in my judgment,
upon any ground of reason or ri^ht. There-
fore, I say that in my opinion it, i^j inexpedient
and improper to propo&e the b 11 as a substi-
tute for the one we have under consideration ;
