2300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
county, Kentucky, and moved that the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
j. w. curry.
Mr. HILL also, from the same committee,
reported hack the petition of J. W. Curry, mail
contractorin 1861, for pay due him, and moved
that the committee be discharged from its
further consideration, and that the same be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
abner ii. robertson.
Mr. HILL also, from the same committee,
reported back the petition of Abner H. Robert-
son, late postmaster at Jennings' Ordinary,
Virginia, to reimburse him S130, being the
amount of judgment rendered against him in
the United States court for moneys due the
Post Office Department, which he alleges he
paid at the breaking out of the war, and moved
that the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
references to the Committee of Claims ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM 1'. ISARJCUII.
Mr. CARROLL, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back,
with an amendment, a bill (H. R. No. 1564)
for the relief of William P. Barker, postmaster
at Northville, Fulton county, New York.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Auditor of the Treasury for the
Post Office Department to credit William P.
Barker, postmaster at Northville, in the county
of Pulton, and State of New York, in his ac-
count, with the sum of $200, being the value
of postage stamps stolen from the safe of his
office bylmrglara, on the night of the 31st day
of December, 1870, without fault or negligence
on the part of the postmaster.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read as follows:
Strikeout " thirty-first" in tho ninth lino, nnd
insert in lieu thoreuf "thirty;" so that tho clause
will roaj "on the u!)[,h of December, WTO."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CARROLL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARROLL. I ask that the report in
the case just disposed of bo printed.
The SPiiAKKR. If there be no objection,
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
w. ii. kirk.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported, with the rec-
ommendation that it pass, a bill (II. R. No.
2255) for the relief of W. H. Ivirk, postmaster
at Marysville, Tennessee; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, requires the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
to allow to W. PI. Kirk, postmaster at Marys-
ville, Tennessee, a credit of $110 20 od set-
tlement of his accounts at the Post Office
Department, that being the amount stolen at
the fire on the 13th of February last from said
postmaster.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest that this bill,
instead of making the payment of this amount
compulsory upon tho Department, should leave
some discretion with the accounting officers, so
that they may determine whether the amount
is really due. The sura, it is true, is small;
but it seems to me that in these matters we
ought to leave with the departmental officers
a discretion as to the payment of such claims.
Mr. HILL. That is the course the Depart-
ment always takes in regard to these matters.
Mr. RANDALL. But the bill directs per-
emptorily the payment of this money.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] will
not interpose any objection to the passage of
this bill. The proof in the case is very full,
and the amount is small. The postmaster is
a very poor man, a one-legged soldier; and
this sum, small as it is, is of very great conse ■
quenee to him.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not wish to prevent
the payment of this money if it is justly due, as
I presume it is; but I wish that we shall estab-
lish the principle that the Department in these
cases shall fix the sum due.
Mr. HILL. It appears by an official report
that the number of stamps charged to this
postmaster is much larger than the amount he
asks to have reimbursed in this bill. Hestates
that at the time of the fire every thing was taken
from the office; and a post office envelope re
covered from the (ire which was supposed to
contain stamps proved to have in it, when
examined next morning, a deed belonging to
private parlies. The stamps which had been
brought out, and were understood to be in this
envelope, weie lost or stolen by some persons
unknown. The amount which this bill pro-
poses to pay this postmaster is considerably
less than tho amount which, accoiding to the
accouuts of the Department, lie ought to have
had oil hand.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman will rec-
ollect that in the Chicago fire a large sum was
lost. I think it would be wise to provide in
this bill that the. Department shall be respon-
sible for fixing the amount to be paid. Make it
so that Congress will be responsible in obedi-
ence to their examination to make an appro
priation of the sum of money found to be due.
All of these bills absolutely direct that so
much money shall be appropriated. If the
gentleman assures me that the Department
has examined this ease, and it is from inform-
ation received from the Department that this
amount is to be appropriated, I will withdraw
my objection.
Mr. HILL. The Post Office Department
has examined the case, and they have reported
amount of stamps sent him since the 1st of
January. They take into consideration the
stamps furnished this postmaster and what
should have been sold per day as per average
the last two quarters. They find that this is
smaller than what would be actually on hand.
_ Mr.RANDALL. The object 1 have had iu view
is partially reached by this colloquy. It seems
to me in all instances of loss of stamps or of
money by postmasters the primary examina-
tion should be made by the Post Office Depart-
ment, and, on the conclusion reached by the
officers of the Post Office Department, Con-
gress only should be asked to make an appro-
priation.
Mr. HILL. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection. This is a very poor man,
a disabled soldier, with loss of a leg, who
writes that unless this appropriation be made
be will be compelled to sell his property.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
postal cards.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on the
Post Offices and Post Roads, also reported a
bill (H. li. No. 2UG5) authorizing the Post-
master General to issue one-cent correspond-
ence or post cards for transmission in the Uni-
ted States mails; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that to facilitate correspondence,
to provide for the transmission in the mails
of messages or other short communications
at a reduced rate of postage, the Postmaster
General shall be authorized and directed to
furnish to the public at a cost of one cent
each, including postage, open correspondence
or post cards manufactured of good st'ffpaper,
with postal stamps embossed or impressed
thereon, of such form and size, not exceed-
ing three and a half inches by six and a half
inches, as he shall deem best adapted for
general use, which cards shall be u«ed under
regulations to be prescribed by the Postmaster
General ; provided, however, that the rules
and regulations shall prescribe that the face
of said cards shall be used by correspondents
exclusively for the insertion of the address,
and that all communications in writing or in
print must be written or printed on the reverse
side.
The second section provides that no obscene,
vulgar or scurrilous matter, epithets or devices
shall be written, printed, or engraved upon any
postal card or envelope, or be admitted into or
carried in the mails, and any person who shall
knowingly deposit or cause to be deposited for
mailing or delivering, any postal card or en-
velope upon which any obscene, vulgar, inde-
cent, or scurrilous matter or device shall have
been written, printed, or engraved, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on con-
viction thereof, shall, for every such offense,
be lined not more than $100, or imprisoned
not more than one year, or both, at the dis-
cretion of the court.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood there was
to be a section in this bill authorizing the ap-
pointment of a commission to determine the
quality of the cards to be printed, and that in
every instance the Postmaster General should
only purchase these cards by contract after
receiving proposals, the contract to be given
to the lowest bidder under the decision of the
commission.
Mr. I1ILL. This is a unanimous report from
the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I was not present in the
committee, perhaps, when this was acted on
finally.
Mr. CARROLL. There is a general law
providing that these contracts shall be given
to the lowest bidder.
Mr. RANDALL. There ought to be a pro-
vision attached to this bill providing for a
commission, and giving the contract to the
lowest bidder.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will do
no harm to add it to this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. As the gentlemen from
Massachusetts very well says, it will do no harm
to make the provision in this bill. We are
proposing to establish a new law, and that
provision of giving the contract to the lowest
bidder ought not to be omitted.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, it will be remem-
bered that when the postal code bill was before
the House last winter I offered an amend-
ment authorizing the Postmaster General to
issue one-cent correspondence or post cards,
which was rejected at the time on the ground
that it was a new reform, and time should be
given for careful consideration of the matter.
Afterward I introduced a bill which failed to
be acted upon. On the 9th of December last
I introduced another bill, which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and after careful consideration, with
some few amendments, the committee unani-
mously recommended the bill to be reported
to the House. The objections made last win-
ter against tho post cards the committee think
are remedied in this bill. The United States
Government is behind, and moves too slow in
