508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
the whole compensation, salary and all in-
cluded, should not exceed $4,500, believing
that with the reduced duties now belonging to
the Internal Revenue Bureau that amount is
enough. The next item is the discontinuance
of the Carson City mint, with a proviso to turn
it over to the Secretary of the Treasury, to be
used for other purposes as a public building.
The fourth and last item of a legislative char-
acter is found on the last page of the bill, and
is in a brief section, which provides that claims
arising out of vouchers shall not be consid-
ered good unless presented within seven years
from the time they accrue; and it is provided
that this shall take effect from the 1st of
January, 1873, until which date all claims not
now presented may be presented, and after
that time no voucher that is more than seven
years old shall be regarded as good. In other
words, the section proposes a statute of limita-
tion to the presentation of claims growing out
of the war. The Secretary of tlie Treasury
sent word to us that a great many vouchers
were coming in that were suspected of being
manufactured, and which were dated back in
old times; and furthermore, the older a voucher
became the more difficult it was to use it.
These are the only pieces of legislation in the
Dill, and I ask that they be considered in order.
The SPEAKER. The bill (H. R. No. 1060)
making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes, has been made a
special order for to-morrow after the morning
hour. Points of order were reserved, so that
all independent legislation could bo ruled out.
The gentleman from Ohio [ilr. Garfield]
who has charge of the bill now moves that the
rules be so suspended that when provisions
embodying new legislation are reached in
Committee of the Whole they shall be con-
sidered in order, subject to the discretion and
of the majority of the committee.
The question being put, the rules were sus-
pended, and the motion agreed to.
expenses op the japan embassy.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Iam instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to intro-
duce a bill to enable the Secretary of State to
defray expenses of the embassy from Japan,
and to askthat it be now put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It proposes to appro-
priate the sum of $50,000, to be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to defray expeuses of the em-
bassy and its suite from Japan, which has
arrived in the United States, not to cxceed
the amount herein appropriated, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of State,
and on vouchers to bo filed in the Treasury
Department, and a statement thereof to be
reported to Congress by tlie Secretary of State.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of the bill at this time?
Mr. KERR. I do not desire to object to
the bill, but I do want some explanation of it.
I hope the gentleman from Ohio will state to
the House whether there is any precedent for
the passage of a law of this kind by Congress,
and whether at the time this embassy started
toward_ this country it was understood by the
authorities of Japan that we would bear the
expenses of the embassy.
Mr. McNEELY. I object to the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I move
that the rules be suspended and the bill passed.
T hope that the gentleman will withdraw his
objection until I can say a word in answer to
what has been said by the gentleman from
Indiana.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. McNEELY. I have no objection to an
explanation of the bill, but I reserve the right
to object to its introduction.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman hasalready
objected, and no further reservation is neces-
sary. The Chair hears no objection to the
gentleman from Ohio making a statement.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Secretary
of State, by direction of the President, called
on the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and also of the Committee on Appro-
priations, and stated to them that this embassy
was coming, that a message had been received
from our minister in Japan, informing the
Government that such an embassy was start-
ing on its way to visit all the treaty Powers of
the world, and that they would pass from here
onward around the world with a view to
making new treaties. The chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs staled to the
Committee on Appropriations much more fully
than I am able to do the grounds for this action,
and I shall ask him in a moment to make a
Statement to the House on the subject. The
Committee on Appropriations then asked the
Secretary of State to forward in writing some
statements touching the precedents in the case
and the nature of the embassy, and also the
amount that would probably be required for
this purpose. A letter from the Secretary to
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs is here, and I hope he will make use
of it in a moment. But the precedents are in
this line: in 1860 a similar appropriation, the
same in amount, was made for the Japanese
embassy that visited this country at that time,
and during the Forty-First. Congress we made
an appropriation for a similar purpose in
regard to Paris. I believe the two commit-
tees are unanimous in favor of the passage of
this bill, the Committee on Foreign Affairs
and the Committee on Appropriations. I have
simply done my duty in presenting it here, and
I now ask the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs to make any statement in my
time that he may desire to make.
Mr. BANKS. In reply to the inquiry of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] who
asked if there was any understanding on the
part of the Japanese Government that the ex-
penses of this embassy were to be paid if they
sent an embassy, I will say that there was no
sucli understanding whatever. The embassy
is of the highest character of any that has ever
parted from that country. The immediate
object of the embassy is to make inquiry and
gain instructions in regard to the renewal and
revision of their treaties with the several treaty
Powers of the world. They are not authorized
to negotiate new treaties, but to ask the exten-
sion of those that now exist until they shall
have time to inform themselves what revision
is necessary of existing treaties. The embassy
consistsof a chief embassador, who is described
in the dispatches to this Government as a per-
son who is always in attendance upon the em-
peror of Japan. He is accompanied by three
vice-embassadors, one of whom, Governor
Ito, is undoubtedly well known and kindly
remembered by the members of this House,
having been present here a year ago, and there
are twenty-one persons in attendance upon the
embassy, who are the chief officers of the eight
different departments of the Government of
Japan. They are instructed to make inquiry
into the management of the departments of
this Government, and of all the other Govern-
ments which they may visit, which are akin to
those with which they are connected in Japan,
the object being to open to the people and to
the Government of Japan all those improve-
ments and administrations which have been
most successful in the civilized Governments
of the world.
This is a special embassy. The fact that
it was in contemplation has been known to our
Government for some time, but nothing has
been known of the actual fact of its anticipated
arrival until a very short time before it reached
San Francisco. We follow, in the appropria-
tions proposed by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, the practice of
all civilized nations with regard to embassies
of this character. Where new Powers, not
having fixed relations to other civilized nations,
send embassies for the purpose of inquiry, and
with a view to make regulations officially and
commercially with that country, their recep-
tion is always made a matter of generous recog-
nition on the part of the Government they visit.
Such was the view of this Government when
the Japanese of a previous administration came
here, representing the Tyconate, or the Tycoon,
in 1859; such was the course of this Govern-
ment in regard to the Chinese embassy, at the
head_ of which was our lamented friend, Mr.
Burlingame; and such is now the proposi-
tion of the State Department, with the consent
of the President, with regard to this new em-
bassy. I am informed by gentlemen connected
with the Japanese legation that the expense?
of the Japanese embassy to England in 1859
and 1860 were defrayed by that Government;
and there is no doubt whatever that the sev-
eral Governments visited by the Chinese em-
bassadors received them with most kindly and
generous hospitalities. This was especially the
case, upon my own observation, with the Gov-
ernments of France, Denmark, and Sweden,
and I doubt not of others.
It was a question with this embassy whether
they should first visit the United States or the
European Governments. Their friendly rela-
tions being strongest with the United States,
and their sympathy with our people and our
institutions much more clearly defined, both
with the Government and people, they chose
themselves to come here first, and the question
is put tons by our Government, what reception
shall be given their embassy?
In a word, (I will not trespass long upon the
House,) Japan was an isolated Government,
excluding all communication with nearly all na-
tions of the outer world up to the time of our
treaty with Japan in 1854, through the nego-
tiations entered upon by Commodore Perry.
Since that time Japan has made treaty nego-
tiations with the leading Powers of Europe.
In 1859 we had a commercial business with
that nation of $250. In the twelve years suc-
ceeding that business has reached the sum
of $6,500,000 yearly, and very nearly eighty
million dollars for the twelve years since that
period. The Japanese people number about
forty millions. They are acquainted with sci-
ences and arts of civilized lite. Their manu-
factures of woolen and cotton and hemp, espe-
cially of silk, wood, iron, copper, paper, and
glass, have attained a great renown throughout
the world. _ They are cleanly, orderly, and
industrious in their habits—the most moral
and refined of the eastern nations. Educated,
they are prudent and thrifty, and advancing in
the arts of civilization with surprising, even
marvelous rapidity. There is no event of
modern history more striking than the readi-
ness with which Japan opens itself to ad-
vantages of modern civilization. They have
done what we have not yet been able to
accomplish, with all our superiority of educa-
tion and position. They have reconciled all
the parties engaged in the late rebellion, so
that now the representatives of that Govern-
ment, here in Washington and elsewhere,
embrace both the supporters of the Tycoon
and the Daimios. They have established
railways aud telegraphs; they build steam-
ships; they are organizing navy-yards; they
are preparingby every means in their power
for the education of their people. In the dis-
patches sent to the Government it is stated
that one of the citizens of Zeddo, in his own
house, has educated two thousand Japanese
children, and has now three hundred and fifty
children every day at school in his own house.
Education is indeed universal. Numerous
English works are_ every year translated by
competent scholars into the Japanese language.
Their ideas of character are of an elevated
order. They covet honors and commenda-
tions; but poverty brings upon them no dis-
credit. A Japanese would as soon suffer tha
