1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3197
meet the view of both Senators. It is very-
desirable, of course, to take the vote on this
question as soon as the debate is exhausted,
and we have already debated it for a great
while. Certainly no one wishes to take the
vote except in a full Senate. Now, could we
not fix a time to-morrow when we shall take
♦he vote, and then everybody would be notified
and prepared to come here and vote ?
Mr. SUMNER. I think that would be well.
Say one o'clock, or any hour that Senators
over the way shall indicate. Will Senators
over the way make a suggestion of the time ?
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 do not know what the
Senator from Massachusetts means by "Sen-
ators over the way." I do not think the
"Senators over the way" altogether have
spoken more than thirty minutes on this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Some of our men are
over the way, and I suppose my friend from
Massachusetts alludes to them. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts means "over the way" as com-
pared with his way, very well. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I did mean so. [Laughter.]
Now, if there can be an understanding that a
vote shall be taken at one o'clock to-morrow,
then we could adjourn.
Mr. BLAfR. Say five o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, five o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. If Senators desire really
to debate it to that time, of course there can
be no objection.
Mr. STEVENSON. Say four o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky suggests four o'clock as the
time for taking the vote upon the pending
amendment of the Senator from Indiana and
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. MORTON. There will be another
amendment offered to this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN and others. Upon all
amendments.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we had better
finish the whole bill at that time.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposi-
tion, then, is that at four o'clock to-morrow
debate shall cease and the Senate shall vote
on the amendments offered and that may be
offered under the rule.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest three o'clock,
because there will be debate on the amend-
ments, and 1 want to finish the bill to-mor-
row.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But this prop-
osition is to have no debate on t.he amend-
ments except, to offer them.
Mr. EDAIUNDS. I cannot consent to any
agreement which shall prevent debate on
amendments which may be new and offered,
and in respect to which gentlemen might feel
it their duty to state the reasons briefly why
they could or could not vote for them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheChairknew
of that objection, and therefore he stated the
proposition clearly, so that it might be under-
- stood. There are two amendments now before
the Senate, one to perfect the text, and another
to strike out and insert a different proposition.
Those have been discussed. Several Senators
then desired the proposed arrangement to ap-
ply to all amendments. The Chair will again
state the proposition to the Senate, so that the
sense of the Senate may be obtained exactly.
The proposition is that to-morrow at four
o'clock debate shall cease upon the pending
amendment of the Senator from Indiana and
the substitute of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and the Senate shall vote upon those
propositions without further debate.
Mr. CONKLING. I cannot consent to that
if I understand it
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York objects.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall be very glad to
agree to an understanding by which at four
o'clock, or any other hour to-morrow, the Sen-
ate shall vote on the pending bill and all
amendments that may then be pending or may
then be offered.
Mr. SUMNER. That is right.
Mr. CONKLING. But I shall not be will-
ing to consent to vote only upon the present
specific amendments, because, unless some
other Senator shall anticipate me, I shall offer
an amendment myself which will take prece-
dence of one of the pending amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is only one.
Mr. CONKLING. I understood that there
were two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, being
out for a time, was not aware of the fact that
the Senator from Indiana had withdrawn his
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I speak of the
amendment to substitute something for the en-
tire bill. 1 shall offer an amendment myself,
if nobody else does, to perfect the text before
that is stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will have
priority.
Mr. ANTHONY. Cannot the Senator offer
it now?
Mr. CONKLING. I might, bat it would
be very awkward to do it after the understand-
ing to vote on the pending amendments.
Mr. STEVENSON. My proposition was to
take the vote at four o'clock on all the amend-
ments then pending as well as upon the bill.
Several Senators. That is fair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state it in that snape. The Senator from Ken-
tucky asks that at four o'clock to-morrow the
vote shall be taken on the bill and all amend-
ments then pending under the rule. The
Chair has first to ascertain whether there is
unanimous conseut to this agreement so that
it may appear in the Globe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is objected
to, and the Senator from California is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senate will par
don me, I will state why I object. _ I do not
object to an understanding to putting an end
to this debate, but I think it due to every
Senator here that on amendments that may
be offered—and we cannot, tie ourselves up
against offering amendments ; nobody ought
to be tied up m that way—he should have
the right to express his reasons briefly and
to the point, where he has any point, why
he can or cannot sustain a particular amend-
ment, or the bill with it, m or out. I here-
fore, I suggest an understanding with it, as
we have usually done, allowing five minutes'
explanation by a Senator in tavor of or against
an amendment that is proposed, or as to its
effect upon the bill. With that understand-
ing I am quite willing to consent to the agree-
ment, and ili it will bring you to a termination
in a very short time.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I will modify
the proposition, and say that at four o'clock
all debate shall cease, and we shall have one
hour of five minutes' debate on any pending
amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do not say an hour.
Mr. CONKLING. Make it three o'clock,
and let it end at four
Mr. STEVENSON. Very well; I will
make it three o'clock, and end at five—two
hours.
Mr. SUMNER. No ; let it end at four.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ken-
tucky does not quite comprehend my prop-
osition. I am not asking an extension of time ;
but at whatever point the bill reaches when it
is open to parliamentary amendment, and an
amendment should be offered, I think it right
that Senators should have the privilege of ex-
pressing their opinion upon that amendment
in the briefest possible period of time ; say
within five minutes. If that should run us till
nine o'clock at night. 1 think it is light it
should, because we understand what we are
doing ; and we have frequently done that. On
the other hand, we might finish before five
o'clock. My proposition is therefore, at four
o'clock, to have the general debate cease 
Mr. ANTHONY. Three o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Three o'clock if you
please, or four; and that then, upon any
amendment which may be offered or which
may be then pending upon which gentlemen
have not spoken, if they wish five minutes to
express their opinion why that amendment
ought to go in or out, it should be given.
Sir. SHERMAN. I suggest five minutes
debate, as under the House rule, and then
everybody will understand it.
Mr. CONKLING. Then you can debate it
forever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope there will be no
"rule" about it. I do not know what "the
House rule" is.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House custom——
Mr. TRUMBULL. We never have any dif-
ficulty in a common understanding. I am
willing, for one, to agree to what the Senator
from Vermont suggests. I think that is fair.
Let us begin to vote to-morrow at four o'clock
on the amendments, and the bill. If new
amendments are proposed and anybody wants
five minutes to explain them or to show why
they ought not to pass, let him have it, and we
will continue in session until we dispose of
the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest the hour of
three o'clock, then.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that would be
better; three o'clock to begin.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I shall be forced to
object to this arrangement unless the Senator
from Massachusetts will consent to allow me
five minutes after twelve o'clock to pass the
Military Academy bill. ['• No objection."]
Mr. SUMNER. So far as I am concerned
the Senator shall have that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is under-
stood, if there be no objection, that the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island shall have five miuutea
on the Military Academy appropriation bill.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Before this understand-
ing passes away, I want to make an inquiry of
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont, which has been taken down
by the reporter, has been assented to by the
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President, be-
fore I lose my opportunity to object I wish to
ask a question. I have no present purpose of
objecting. I want to know, however, suppose
at four o'clock or after four o'clock some
question of order is made upon an amend-
ment that may be offered, what is to be the
fate of that question of order?
Mr. SHERMAN and_ Mr. POMEROY. It
will be under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. CONKLING. If an appeal, for exam-
ple, be taken from the decision of the Chair,
can it be discussed ad libitum and to obviate
entirely the understanding; or does the under-
standing touching a limit of five minutes to
debate apply to that also?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would if it
grew up as a subsidiary proposition. Under
the suggestion of the Senator from Vermont
that there shall bea five-minutes rule, the five-
minutes rule would apply to a point of order,
which would be incidental to the amendment
itself.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I do not object.
Several Senators. There is no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. Then we are to vote on
all amendments and the bill at that time, three
o'clock, subject to five minutes' debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sena-
tor from Vermont now restate his proposition
precisely ? The Chair did not exactly hear it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My proposition is this:
that to-morrow at three o'clock
Several Senators. Four o'clock.
