1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4093
Is it in order to make a motion to go to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table generally and to
except political bills?
The SPEAKER. Anything may be done
under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BINGHAM. Who is to determine
what bills shall be excepted ?
The SPEAKER. Two thirds of the House.
The three bills which the gentleman from
Indiana wishes excepted the Chair under-
stands to be the Ku Klux bill, the civil rights
bill, and the enforcement bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There are sixty
bills on top of those bills, and there is no
possible prospect of our reaching them.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio ; and there were—ayes
102, noes 28.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for tellers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and nays.
The object is to reach the railroad grant bills.
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist on the yeas and
nays too.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PERCE. I rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. I desire to have the motion
stated because I do not fully understand it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] moves that the rules be
suspended, and that the House proceed to the
disposition of the business on the Speaker's
table, excepting therefrom the three bills re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr. ]
Mr. PEIiCE. I hope the Republican party
will not back clear down.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man will modify his motion so as to proceed
to such business on the Speaker's table as is
not objected to.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no.
Mr. GARFIELD of Ohio. I cannot con-
sent to that.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 104, nays 95, not voting 41 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Averill, Barnum,
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Bright, Brooks, Caldwell,
Campbell, Oomingo, Conner, Cotton, Crebs, Crit-
cher, Crossland, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Dox, Du
Bose, Duke, Dunnell, Ely. Earnswortb, Forker,
Garfield, Garrett, Uetz, Giddings, Gulluday, Halde-
rnan, Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley,
Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Hawley, Hereford,
Kendall. Kerr, Ketcham, King, Lamison, Lewis,
Lowe, McClelland, McCormick, McHenry, Meln-
tyre, McJunkin, Me.Neely. Merrick. Benjamin F.
Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Nib-
lack, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peek, Peters, Pot-
ter, Price, Prindle, Randall, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Robinson, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers. Sargent,
Shober, Slater, Slooum, Sloss, Worthington C.
Smith, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Swann, lafie,
Terry, Tutbill, Van Trump. Vaughan, Waddell,
Warren, Wells, Whuthorne, Williams of New lork,
Winchester, Wood, and Young—101.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barber, Barry,
Beatty, Bevendge, Bigby, Binarhom, Austin Blair,
Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin 3?. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler. Clarke, Coburn, Conner,
Crocker, Darrall, De Large, Duell, Eldredgo, Elli-
ott, Finkelnburg, Wilder 1>. Foster, Frye. Goodrich,
Harmer, Greorge E. Harris, Ha.vens, Hay, Hays,
John W. Ilazclton, Hibbard. Hill, Iloar. Holman,
Keliey, Kellogg, Lamport, Lansing. Lynch, Man-
son, Marshall, Maynard, McCrary.McGrew, MoKee,
Mercur, Mcrriaui, Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Isaac C. Parker, Perce, Piatt, Poland,
Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Roosevelt* Rusk, Sawyer,
Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabargcr,
Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Snyder, R. MiltonSpeer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strong, St.
John, Syr>her, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
t wieh el l,Tyner,Wakeman,Walden, Wallace,'Walls,
Whiteiey, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—95.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler,
James G. Blair, Boles, Braxton, Buckley, Carrol ,
Cobb, Coshlan, Cox, Creeiy, L>avis, Eames. Farwell,
Charles Foster. Henry D. Foster, (xriffith, b-erry
W iinzelton, Herndon. Hooper, Houghton, killm-
ger Kmsella, Leach. McKinney, Hosea \V . Parker,
Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Poiter, bee-
ley. Sherwood, Snapp, Stowell, Dwight f ownsend,
Turner, Upson,'Voorhees.Waldron, and Wheeler—41.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
SALE OF INDIAN LANDS.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
that of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
SnANKS,] to suspend the rules and pass Senate
bill No. 508, for the relief of certain tribes of
Indians in the northern superintendeney.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes the Secretary of the Interior, with the
consent and concurrence of the Omaha tt-ibe
of Indians, expressed in open council in the
usual manner, to cause to be surveyed, if neces-
sary, a portion of their reservation in the
State of Nebraska, not 'exceeding fifty thou-
sand acres, to be taken from the western part
thereof and to be separated from the remain-
ing portion of said reservation by a line run-
ning along the section lines from north to
south, and provides that the said lands so
separated shall be appraised by three com-
petent commissioners, one of whom shall be
selected by said Omaha tribe of Indians in
open council, and the other two shall be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Interior ; that
after the survey and appraisement of said
lands, as herein provided, the Secretary of the
Interior shall be authorized to offer the same
for sale for cash in hand ; and sealed pro-
posals, duly invited by public advertisements,
shall be .received for the same for tracts not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres each,
and also for the entire body offered ; and he
shall be, and hereby is, authorized to accept
the proposal for the entire tract, or the highest
bids for separate tracts, whichever shall be
deemed best for the interests of the Indians ;
provided that no bid for separate tracts shall
be accepted which may be less than the ap-
praised value of such tract, nor less than
$1 25 per acre ; or for the entire tract which
shall be less than the aggregate appraised
value of the same, nor less than $1 25 per
acre ; and that the proceeds of such sale shall
be placed to the credit of said Indians on tbe
books of the Treasury of the United States,
and bear interest at the rate of five per cent,
per annum, payable semi-annually, except
such portion thereof as the Secretary of the
Interior, with the approval of the President
of the United States, may deem necessary to
be expended for their immediate use in im-
proving and fencing farms, building houses,
purchasing implements of agriculture and live
stock, and in establishing and supporting
schools ; provided also that not more than
twenty-five per cent, of the principal of the
aggregate amount of sales of said lands shall
be expended m any one year.
The second section authorizes the Secretary
of the Interior, with the consent and concur-
rence ofthe Pawnee tribe oflndians, expressed
in open council in the usual manner, to cause
to be surveyed, if necessary, a portion of their
reservation in the State of Nebraska, not ex-
ceeding fifty thousand acres, to be taken from
that part of said reservation lying south of
Loup Pork, and provides that the said lands
so surveyed shall be appraised by three com-
petent commissioners, one of whom shall be
selected by the said Pawnee tribe of Indians
in open council, and the other two shall be
appointed by the Secretary of the interier;
and that after the survey and appraisement
of said lands, as herein provided, the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall be authorized
to offer the same for sale, for cash in hand,
in the same manner and with the same
restrictions as provided in the first section
of the act, relating to the Omaha lands ; and
the proceeds of such sale shall be placed
to the credit of said Indians on the books of
the Treasury of tbe United States, and bear
interest at the rate of five per cent, per
aurium, payable semi-annually, except such
portion thereof as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, with the approval of the President of
the United States, may deem necessary to be
expended for their immediate use as directed
in the first section of the act.
The third section authorizes the Secretary of
the Interior, with the consent and concurrence
of the Otoe and Missouria tribe of Indians,
expressed in open council in the usual man-
ner, to cause to be surveyed, if necessary, a
portion of their reservation lying in the States
of Nebraska and Kansas, not exceeding eighty
thousand acres, to be taken from the western
part thereof, lying west of the Big Blue river,
part of said tract lying in the State of Ne-
braska, and part lying in the State of Kansas,
and provides that the said lands so surveyed
shall be appraised by three competent com-
missioners, one of whom shall be selected by
said Otoe and Missouria tribe of Indians in
open council, and the other two shall be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Interior; that
after the survey and appraisement of said
lands as herein provided, the Secretary ot the
Interior shall be authorized to offer the same
for sale, for cash in hand, in the same man-
ner and with the same restrictions as pro-
vided in the first section of the act relating
to the Omaha lands; and the proceeds of
such sale shall be placed to the credit of said
Indians on the books of the Treasury of the
United States, and bear interest at the rate
of five per cent, per annum, payable semi-
annually, except such portion thereof as the
Secretary of the Interior, with the approval
of the President of the United States, may
deem necessary to be expended for their im-
mediate use, as directed in the said first sec-
tiou of the act.
The fourth section authorizes the Secretary
of the Interior, with the consent and concur-
rence ofthe Sac and Fox of the Missouria tribe
of Indians, expressed in open council in the
usual manner, to cause to be surveyed, if
necessary, a portion or the whole of their res-
ervation in the State of Nebraska, containing
about sixteen thousand acres; and provides
that the said lands so surveyed shall be ap-
praised by three competent commissioners,
one of whom shall be selected by said Sac and
Fox of the Missouria tribe of Indians in open
council, and the other two shall be appointed
by the Secretary of the Interior ; that after the
survey and appraisement of said lands, as
herein provided, the Secretary ofthe Interior
shall be authorized to offer the same for sale,
for cash in hand, in the same manner and
with the same restrictions as provided in
the first section of the act relating to the
Omaha lands; and the proceeds of such sale
shall be placed to the credit of the said
Indians on the books of the Treasury of the
United States, and bear interest at the rate of
five per cent, per annum, payable semi-annu-
ally, except such portion thereof as the Secre-
tary of the Interior, with the approval of the
President of the United States, may deem
necessary to be expended for their immediate
use, as directed in the first section of the act,
or for their removal to the Indian territory or
elsewhere, in case they desire to remove.
The fifth section provides that in all patents
of lands sold under authority of the act there
shall be inserted a clause forever prohibiting
the sale of intoxicating liquors on said lands,
under pain of forfeiture of title thereto; and
due notice of this provision shall be given in
the advertisement offering said lands tor sale.
The sixth section provides that the commis-
sioners to be appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior under the provisions of the act shall
receive compensation for their services at the
rate of eight dollars for each day actually
engaged in the duties therein designated, in
addition to the amount paid by them for actual
traveling and other necessary expenses.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to suggest an amendment, to which I think
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs [Mr. Shanks] will agree. It is to add
the following:
Provided, That no sale shall be approved unless
the average sale of each of sa id parcels of land shall
be at the rate of at least S3 50 per acre.
Mr. SHANKS. Where does thegentleman
propose to move that amendment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. At the
end of the last section.
