1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
come in, after line four hundred and forty-
one, the amendment 1 send to the Clefk s
desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
To provide, for the official gazette of the Patent
Office, abstracts of drawings of patents issued, $13,833,
to be expended under tile direction of the Commis-
sioner of Patents.
Mr. L, MYERS, I otter this amendment
in pursuance of the very valuable suggestion
made to this House in the late communication
of the Commissions? of Patentsf which has
received the unanimous indorsement of the
Committee on Patents, and I believe the meas-
ure has the sanction of the Committee on
Appropriations, I will state briefly Why, in
my judgment, the amendment should be
adopted.
Mr. HOLM AN. I suppose it is understood
that the point of order is reserved until the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers]
has finished Speaking.
Mr. L. MYERS. Undgr the resolution of
January 11, 1871, the old mechanical reports
of the Patent Office were dispensed with, and
by the same resolution one hundred and fifty
copies of the complete specifications and draw-
ings of each patent are distributed gratui-
tously by the Commissioner of Patents; one
to be placed for free public inspection in the
Capitol of every State, and Territory, and in
the clerk's office of the district court of each
judicial district ill the United States.
The Old mechanical reports did not reach the
inventors of the country for nearly two years
after the patents Were issued, and really they
were comparatively valueless, many of them
going into the waste-basket, and none contain-
ing complete copies of the drawings or satisfac-
tory statements of the patent specifications and
claims. The new reports, bound and complete,
as they are, can scarcely be reached by the
inventors of the country, very few libraries hav-
ing availed themselves of the right to get them
by paying the cost of bihding and transporta-
tion of fifty-two large volumes yearly. They are
valuable for immediate reference in the courts.
They are invaluable where nothing else Can be
had. But between the old and the new there
is felt by the mechanics and those who are
interested in the mechanic arts a great void,
which the proposition I make will supply.
Our inventors pay a large surplus into the
Patent Office each year over the expenses of
that office. There is now in the Treasury, to
the credit of the Patent Office, a fund of about
seven hundred and sixty thousand dollars, of
which $164,500 were paid by the inventors
last year over the current expenses. This
subject is one of interest, not only to every
member here, but to our constituents, among
whom there is no fnore valuable class than
these self-Same inventive minds; none who
have a right to protection more than they,
none of whose genius we are more apt to
boast; and it is of the greatest importance
that they should be furnished at the earliest
possible moment with the drawings and speci-
fications, which, it has been found, stimulate
invention as well as add to the Treasury of the
country.
I ask, then, the attention of the committee
a few moments to what will be the effect of
this amendment. At present, uhder section
twenty of the tew of ISM, there is published
what is known as the " official gazette " of the
Patent Office. It gives a list of patents and
extensions applied for and granted, with tran-
scripts of the claims, decisions by the courts
and the Commissioner on kindred subjects.
It is published weekly, and sold to subscribers
for five dollars a year. This proposition is,
that for the balance of the present fiscal year—
and another bill no doubt will include the
appropriation for the next fiscal year—there
shall be added each Week to the official ga-
zette digests of the specifications find illustra-
tions of the drawings of the patents issued
daring that week. They are prepared by photo-
lithography or the process of photo-relief
printing, and reduced in size, and not only are
vastly superior to the drawings in the old
mechanical reports, but can be produced
rapidly and at much less expense ; and we
propose that those who subscribe for the
official gazette skall not have to pay one
dollar more than at present. The subscrip-
tion price is now five dollars ; it will remain
the same. Now let us see what this will cost
the Government. The estimate of the Com-
missioner is, for ten thousand copies of this
illustrated gazette, which thus added to will
contain sixteen more pages weekly.
I have "specimen" numbers of them on
my desk which I invite members to examine.
It is estimated that the additional cost will be
$40,000 yearly for the drawings, and $ 16,207
for the printing, &c. Let us see whether that
will come out of the Treasury, except so far
as a present outlay is necessary. This esti-
mate is based on ten thousand copies. There
are now twenty-five hundred copies subscribed
for, and as soon as it is known to the inventors
of the land that this boon, or ratlier I should
say this right, is to be given to thezn, the addi-
tional copies, I have no doubt, will be sub-
scribed for speedily; seventy-five hundred
copies at fiv® dollars apiece will alone make
$37,500 Of the amount, and the fees which
will flow from the increased applications thus
stimulated will in all likelihood pay the rest,
for already the applications for patents have
risen from 10,664 in 1865, to 19,472; the pat-
ents issued in 1871 being 13,033 agaiust 6,616
issued in 1865.
If, however, every dollar of the expense
comes out of the Treasury, I should favor this
measure. By placing every particular relat-
ing to oiir patented inventions before the peo-
ple at the earliest possible moment, many a
man #i!l desist from mental labors, which he
may find have been anticipated and turn his
genius into other channels, while on the other
hand, by a close study which only this inform-
ation and especially these illustrations will
permit, many scientific and valuable improve-
ments will be givfen to mankind. The pro-
ject, I think, must commend itself as a most
judicious one. Certainly it will have the ap-
proval of the people, and I hope there will be
no dissenting voice upon its passage.
Mr. McCORMlCK, of Missouri. I rise for
the purpose of opposing the amendment. I
know of no bureau in the Government of the
United Stales which is so prodigal in its ex-
penditures as this one, the appropriations for
which are now before the committee. And I
think it is no reason why we should authorize
lavish expenditures for the Patent Office that
it is nearly a self-sustaining office, or produces
revenue for the country. Under the appropria-
tion bill passed a few weeks ago by this Con-
gress the Patent Office has a contingent fund
of $130,000, tvhile the Post Office Department,
controlling more thsti twenty thousand post
offices in this country, has a contingent fund
of less than forty thousand dollars.
Mr. L. MYERS. And it is $5,000,000 in
arrears yearly.
Mr. McCOHMICK, of Missouri. I am speak-
ing of the contingent fund appropriated. There
has been appropriated during this present ses-
sion of Congress a eontitigent fund for the
Patent Office amounting to ^130,000, which is
a greater amount than has been appropriated
for any bureau in this Government, so iar as
I am aware.
I do think that after this contingent fund
that has already been appropriated to the Pat-
ent Office they can have all the printing done
that is necessary. This is only causing addi
tional expense without any good reason. I
therefore oppose the amendment, and Oppose
it with sincerity.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 desire to say,
And then I hope the debate will close, that
the Committee on Appropriations had this
matter before them and found that it had been
acted on by the Committee on Patents. They
found these two facts as the ground on which
the Committee on Patents rested their recom-
mendation for this appropriation: first, that
we have abolished the regular Patent Office
report, whicli up to last year was circulated as
we now circulate the agricultural reports.
These Patent Office reports contain the draw-
ings and specifications, so that mechanicsand
inveiitors may know ■what is goihg on all over
the country. This w6 cut off, and in place of
that only one hundred and fifty copies of the
drawings and specifications of different inven-
tions are now published, and they are sent to
the courts and libraries. They do not come
here for distribution. There is therefore no
adequate means of their reaching the country.
Now, there are about ten thousand invent-
ors in the United States, whose brains are all
the time at work devising new machinery and
inventions of every kind, and it is important
that they should be able to know what is being
done in the way of patents. The Commis-
sioner believes that this gazette which by law
he is now authorized to issue, but for which
no appropriation has been made, will furnish
to these busy, scheming brains all over the
country full knowledge of what is being done,
and will enable them^ to know just fth&t pro-
gress is being made in any given field of in-
vention. The cost of the tfork comes back
into the Treasury in the form of subscriptions
paid. The Commissioner thinks that his office
will not only gain by these subscriptions, but
that the business done in his office will be
largely increased by the circulation of these
papers.
Mr. BEATTY. I will ask the gentleman if
they have not already published this gazette ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The^ have not
the means to carry on the publicaiion. The
work has been printed, but not published.
They have printed a specimen, but it has not
been published at all. A specimen number
was printed and Sent to each member of Con-
gress as a specimen of what was proposed to
be done. This appropriation will make this
gazette an official gazette. I desire, however,
that the gentleman shall modify his amend-
ment in the way in which I have altered it.
Mr. L. MYERS. I will hear what the mod-
ification is, and I will also add to my amend-
ment a portion of it which I had forgotten.
The Clerk read the amendment of Mr. L.
Msteus, as modified by Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
as follows:
Insert after Hue four hundred and forty-one the
following:
To provide for the printing Of an official gazette
ot the Patent Office abstracts and drawings of pat-
ents issued, @13,83ft, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of Patents.
i'or the additional expense ol' printing and stitch-
ing the Patent Office official gazette, with abstracts,
and specifications, and drawings, 85,425.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will perceive
that my modification is a very slight one, alter-
ing the words "for providing for," to "to
provide for the printing of an," &c.
Mr. L. MYERS. 1 have no objection to
that modification and will accept it.
Mr. ROAR. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it the following proviso:
Provided, That a copy of said gazette shall be sent
to each of such public libraries, not exceeding ten in
each congressional district and Territory, as may be
designated by the member of this House from such
district or Territory.
Mr. Chairman, 1 am heartily in favor of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. L. Myers.] It has been a
subject of great regret to the inventors of the
country that Congress substituted a new aiethod
of printing the reports of the Commissioner of
Patents, instead of the extensive distribution
which had previously prevailed.
Now, there are inventors all over this couu
try who are engaged either in perfecting old
