1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
loss of a limb, it is said, as to omit a ceremony
in the acts of hospitality or friendship.
They borrow their reforms from this country
rather than from Europe. They have a feeling of
friendship for us more than for any other nation,
because while we have been friendly to them,
and taught them many things, we have never
fought them. The maintenance of this friend-
ship and our interest in their trade is of vast
importance to the people of the United States.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] reminds me that tho Japanese have
adopted in the main our system of currency.
It is of great importance for us to maintain
this connection with them, for other nations
will seek to win it for themselves. They
sought t,o destroy the Chinese and Japanese
Governments by their navies and armies, in
Older that they might divide among them the
spoils of those great empires. We sought to
open friendly and profitable communication
with them by peaceful negotiations, and to
impress upon them the necessity of a change
iu their institutions by showing the advantages
of our civilization. They have accepted our
policy and become our friends. Everywhere
their young men are at school in this country,
and they will go back filled with the aspira-
tions of freemen and, animated by the princi-
ples, sustained and strengthened by an appre-
ciation of the habits and customs of the peo-
ple and a knowledge of the government of
this country, and at no distant day we will
probably see as great a reform in the Japan-
ese empire as has been accomplished by any
people in any part of the globe.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
when, our relations with Japan, our commer-
cial relations, were first established?
Mr. BANKS. The' expedition of Commo-
dore Perry was sent out in 1852, and a treaty
was negotiated by him in 1854, the first treaty
negotiated by any nation with the Government
of Japan.
Mr. KERR. And has this country always
been paying the expenses of embassies of this
kind coming from Japan to the United States?
Mr. BANKS. Not at all. We do not pay
the expenses of the ordinary diplomatic rep-
resentatives of that Government; we would
not ask that that should be done. But this is
a special embassy for a special purpose, and
is composed of persons of the highest char-
acter. Japan has sent to us the men nearest
to the emperor, and representing all the differ-
ent departments of the Government. That is
the reason we ask this appropriation.
Mr. KERR. Has it been the custom of the
United States heretofore to pay the expenses
of like embassies from other countries?
Mr. BANKS. Except China and Japan
there is no country that could present the same
question; there is none in which we could feci
the same interest. It has not been our custom
to pay other embassies in this way. All the
other Governments with which we have diplo-
matic communication are established Govern-
ments ; their embassies represent the Govern-
ment with which they are connected, and they
come to us charged with the management of
particular and special subjects. But this is
an embassy not charged with any special busi-
ness. It is sent to us with a view to study the
chax-acter of all Governments, that there may
be such a revision of tho treaties with those
Powers as may best promote their interest and
advance their civilization. It is because these
embassadors are to visit different Governments,
from all of which they will receive a generous
hospitality, that we ask this Government to
place them here upon the same footing on
which they will be placed by other Govern-
ments.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the chairman
of tho committee one more question.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. KERR. When this embassy started
from Japan was there any understanding, ex-
press or otherwise, that the Government of the
United States would bear their expenses?
Mr. BANKS. Not the slightest. There are
no people on the face of the earth more sensi-
tive upon a point of honor than the Japanese;
and any intimation of such a pui'pose as this
would very likely have sent them to other parts
of the world before they came to the United
States. This is a proposition made on the part
of our Government in a spirit of generous
friendship, and upon its own motion entirely,
taking into consideration the high objects of
this embassy. It is not in pursuance at all of
any suggestion either to or from the Japanese
Government.
Mr. HEREFORD. I would like to ask one
queslion. Is there any precedent for paying
the expenses of any embassy or mission of any
kind from our Government to any other Gov-
ernment? Have any other Governments ever
paid expenses of any kind whatever of any
mission from this Government to them?
Mr. BANKS. Not from this Government.
Because our Government has been an estab-
lished Government; and we send recognized
diplomatic representatives in accordance villi
international law. We have never sent out au
embassy of this character. But I will say to
the honorable gentleman that when we sent
our delegates to Prance in the time of the Rev-
olution they were not only hospitably received
and generously sustained, but they were sup-
plied with money by that Government to carry
on our war against Great Britain.
Mr. HEREFORD. That is because they
were our allies in that war, and not as a matter
of courtesy.
Mr. BANKS. It was because they were our
friends that they became our allies. Let me
say further in reply that other Governments
have extended this courtesy to Chinese and
Japanese as we did, and as we propose to do
now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will remark,
before this discussion closes, that the Commit-
tee on Appropriations have so drawn this reso-
lution that it does not pay all the expenses
of this Japanese embassy whde in this coun-
try. It merely puts $50,000 into the hands
of the Secretary of State to pay such of their
expenses while here as in his discretion he
may think the courtesy of the occasion may
require. It does not assume to take charge
of them except to this extent.
Mr. BANKS. I am reminded by my col-
league that it is the custom of eastern nations
to receive the delegations of other Govern-
ments in this way. It is not the custom of the
western nations. In our own Government,
also, there is a precedent bearing in some
degree on this matter. We receive delega-
tions from the Indian nations, and when we
do we always entertain ; we gratify them with
exhibitions of our power; we enrich them by
presents. It is not exactly of the same char-
acter, but there is a necessity from time to
time existing for extraordinary appropria-
tions like this in carrying out our relations
with other Powers of the earth. If we hope
to find friends in other parts of the world we
must show ourselves capable of friendly appre-
ciation and generous, manly courtesies.
Mr. McNEELY. Mr. Speaker, as I made
the objection to this appropriation, I -desire
to say a word explanatory of the reasons for
that objection. It seems to me to be just as
proper for this Government to pay the expenses
of this embassy from Japan, which is travel-
ing through this country for purposes of its
own, as to ask one gentleman to pay the ex-
penses of another gentleman who is making a
tour of travel for his own profit and pleasure.
I, for one, do not wish to commit this Govern-
ment to the policy of paying the expenses of
embassies which may come to this country
for whatever purpose. It seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that it is time for us to put a stop to
any such policy, if it ever -were adopted on our
part.
I do not know how it is proposed to enter-
tain this Japanese embassy; but perhaps this
$50,000, for the most part, will go for the pur-
pose of paying the expenses of wining and
dining the representatives of this Government.
Perhaps the most part of it is to go for wine
to be drunk by the representatives of our own
Government. [Laughter.] They are travel-
ing through our country for their own benefit,
to procure information which will be of ben-
efit to them, and there is no necessity, so far
as I can see, on the part of our Government
why we_ shall pay any of these expenses, it
seems, indeed, to be a very strange proposi-
tion for this Government to pay their expenses
while traveling here in this country for theii
own benefit.
We are told that they come here to find oul
the workings of our departments of Govern-
ment. If that be so, I have only to say this:
I have very kind feelings toward the people
of that nation, and would rather pay $50,000
to send them back to their own country
again than allow them to remain here anil
learn the bad management and tho corruption
of the various departments of this Govern-
ment, in order to take them back to their own
country for the purpose of ingrafting them
upon their form of government. [Laughter.]
For these reasons I object to this appropriation.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, when I first
heard the application of the gentleman from
Ohio in reference to this appropriation my
impressions were adverse to it. I was not
aware of any precedent for it, and it seemed
to me extraordinary that we should be called
upon to pay the expenses of an inquiry set on
foot by a foreign nation. But the explana-
tions given to the House by tho chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and other
things which I have since heard, have changed
my views of the measure, and I intend now to
vote for it.
I understand now, sir, that it is the custom
of the eastern nations, as a matter of courtesy, to
receive and entertain embassies of this descrip-
tion and to meet their expenses. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Committee on Banking and Currency, [Mr.
HoorRR,] tells me that before we had any
treaty with China the Chinese always paid the
expenses incident to sntertaining the officers
we sent to them preliminary to the formation
of treaties. Such, it seems from the state-
ments just made to the House without chal-
lenge, is the established usage among the na-
tions of the East. This is, indeed, at variance
with our usages, but inasmuch as it is the cus-
tom of the nations of tho East, I see great
reason why we should conform to it in this
instance. All the other nations of the West,
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs has assured us, have adopted this usage
in dealing with this embassy from Japan. If
that be so, we, of all the nations, ought to be
equally courteous, for there is perhaps no nation
oil the face of the earth to which the develop-
ment of trade and commerce with Japan is so
important as to ours. It was hat yesterday as
it were when no one of our people went to
Japan, Now we have not only a monthly line
of great steamers to those islands, but it is
likely we shall soon have even closer connec-
tions with them. The people of those islands,
so vast in number, with all the wealth, with all
the activity, and all the intelligence so well
adverted to, have shown more partiality, as I
am informed, for the people of the United
States, and more desire for closer relations with
us, than any other of the great nations of the
earth.
If this be so, having regard to the peculiarity
of the eastern character, it appears to me that
under the circumstances, and in view of the
vast trade and friendly relations with Japan
that may follow, we might well afford, as a
matter of mere economy, to vote the appropri-
