3198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whichever way gentle-
men please; I say three o'clock; is there any
objHCtion? ["No."] Then it is that at three
o'clock general debate shall terminate and the
vote shall be taken on any pending amend-
ments according to their order, of coarse
under parliamentary provision, and that if
any other amendments are offered, the gen-
tlemen offering them or anybody else may
have five minutes to support or oppose any
amendment which may be proposed, and that
any questions arising in connection with the
progress of the bill and amendments shall be
subject to the same understanding of five min-
utes, and that we terminate the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate has
heard the proposition stated in full, and it is
recorded. It is understood that it is to be
obeyed by Senators themselves, and of course
not. to be enforced by the Chair.
Mr. WILSON. J. move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and two minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 8, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
wi48t wisconsin railway.
Mr. RUSK. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table and con-
sidered at this time Senate bill No. G71, to
authorize the West Wisconsin Railway Com-
pany to keep up and maintain a bridge lor
laiiway purpoMJb across Lake St. Croix, at the
city of Hudson, in the Slate of Wisconsin.
The SPIiAKUR. The bill will be read,
after which objections to its present consid-
eration will he in order.
The bill whs read at length.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. lias this bill
been considered by any committee?
Mr. RUSK It. has been considered inform-
ally by the Committee on Commerce, who
have no objection to it.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read three times
and passed.
Mr. RUSK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIIKKK ORPHANS 01' 1832.
On motion of Mr. SARGENT, by unan
imous ooiii-ent., the Committee on Appropria-
tions was discharged from the further consid-
eration ol a communication from the acting
Secretary ol the Interior relative to an appro-
priation requited to restore to the Creek
orphans ol 18132 certain funds to which they
are entitled under the treaty of March 24,
1832; and ihe same was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
united states court at syracuse.
Mr. DUELL, by unan imous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2693) to provide for
an additional term of the district and circuit
courts of the United States ; which was read
a first mid second time.
Mr. DUELL. I ask unanimous consent
that this bill be considered and passed at the
present time. It has received the favorable
action of the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill was read, it provides that in ad-
dition to the terms of the district and circuit
courts of the United States for the northern
district of New York, a term of said court
shall hereafter be held annually at the city of
Syracuse, at such time as the judge of the
district court shall appoint. But the additional
term is not to be held until the corporate
authorities of Syracuse shall agree, by order
in due form entered upon their records, that
such corporate authorities will supply, without
any charge whatever against the United States,
a suitable court-room in which to hold such
additional term ; and the court is not to be
held if such room be not provided.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It seems to
me this bill ought to go to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. DUELL. I will say to my colleague
that it has received favorable action from
that committee. The bill contemplates 110
expense to the United States. The corpor-
ate authorities of Syracuse are to furnish the
court accommodations.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Are the peo-
ple of Syracuse and the surrounding country
informed of this measure and in favor ol it?
Mr. DUELL. They are.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is there no
objection to it among the New York delega-
tion?
Mr. DUELL. No, sir.
There being no objection, the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. DUELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
supplemental apportionment bill.
Mr. MERCUR. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion and call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (H. R. No. 1343) sup-
plemental to an act entitled ''An act for the
apportionment of Representatives to Congresa
among the several States according to the ninth
census" was recommitted to the Committee
011 the Judiciary.
The bill was read. It provides that from
and alter the 3d day of March, 1873, the fol-
lowing States shall be entitled to one Repre-
sentative each in the Congress of the United
States, in addition to the number apportioned
to such .States by the act entitled " An act for
the apportionment.of Representatives to Con-
gress among ihe several States according to
the ninth census," approved February 2. 1872,
lo wit,: New Hampshire, Vermont, New York,
Pennsylvania, Indiana, Tennessee, Louisiana,
Alabama, and Florida. In the election of
Representatives to the Forty-Third Congress
in any State which by this law is given an
increased number of Representatives, the
additional Representative or Representatives
allowed to such State may be elected by the
State at large, unless ihe Legislature of said
State shall otherwise provide before the time
li\cd by law for the election of Represent-
atives therein.
Mr. MERCUR. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendments:
After tlio word " Florida," in line twelve, insert
tlie words " arid be elected by separate districts as
in said act directed."
Atter the word "Congress," in lino thirteen,
insert " only."
In line fifteen, strike out " or Representatives."
Mr. BURCHARD. Mr. Speaker, is this a
privileged report?
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged ques-
tion. The bill was some days ago printed
and recommitted, a motion to reconsider was
entered, and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Mercur] now calls up the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. MERCUR. If members will give me
their attention for five minates I will endeavor
to explain the bill, so that all may understand
it. The ratio of representation adopted by
the bill is 131,425, which, by allowing an ad-
ditional Representative to each State that has
a fraction greater than a moiety, would make
this House consist of two hundred and ninety
members. This supplemental bill, however,
adds two to that number, making the aggre-
gate two hundred and ninety-two. As is known
to the House, the bill passed during the pres-
ent session, and which has become a law,
makes the aggregate of members two hundred
and eighty-three, to which this bill adds nine,
giving a member to each of t*e following
States: New Hampshire, Vermont,, New York,
Pennsylvania, Indiana, Tennessee, Louisiana,
Alabama, and Florida. The only two States
whose representation the existing law pro-
poses to decrease are Vermont and New
Hampshire, This bill, if itbecomes a law,
will allow to these States their present repre-
sentation, three members each.
There has been a slight departure from the
general rule I have enunciated, in order to
avoid leaving States with too large a fraction
unrepresented.
The general rule I state to be to give to each
State a member that had a fraction greater
than one half the ratio of representation. This
supplement, however, gives a member to each
one of two States that havea fractionless than
that, but each of which has a fraction so large
that it was deemed more just they should
have a member than they should be deprived '
of a member. Those two States are New
Hampshire and Florida, and under this sup- '
plementary bill Florida gets a member for a
fraction of 56,323, New Hampshire gets a
member for a fraction of 55.450. Thus it will
be observed that each of those States which
gets a member lias a very large fraction over
Hftv thousand representative population.
The whole representative population of the
United States under the recent census waa
38.203.210. The total number of Indians not
taxed within the States—those sustaining tribal
relations—was 89,957. Deducting that from
the total population of the States it leaves a
representative population of 38,113,253, and
it, is by dividing that by the ratio taken here,
131,425, the result is arrived at as I have stated
to the House.
It is found by the bill prepared at the Cen-
sus Bureau, submitted to the House when the
question ot apportionment was before it dur-
ing ihe winter, as well as by the report of the
Committee on the Judiciary which accom-
panies this bill, that this supplementary bill,
which gives to these States this additional
member, makes, perhaps, a fairer representa-
tion than any winch can be adopted, in that it
allows larger fractions to be represented, and
that it deprives of representation a lesser num-
ber of fractions in the aggregate than any other
which can he fixed on as the proper number
of Representatives. This bill, I believe, was
unanimously recommended by the Committee
on the Judiciary.
I desire to read again the number of States
each of which gets an additional Representa-
tive : New York, New Hampshire, Vermont,
Pennsylvania, Indiana, Tennessee, Louisiana,
Alabama, and Florida; and if no gentleman
desires to speak on this question, or to ask a
question, I will call the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I should like to
know what the fractions are for which these
Slates are allowed each an additional member.
Mr. MERCUR. Florida, 56,323; Indiana,
103,537; Louisiana, 69,710; New Hampshire,
55 450; Pennsylvania, 104,741 ; Vermont,,
07,701 ; Tennessee, 75,695 ; Alabama, 77,017.
New Hampshire is the smallest of all, and
Florid a is next.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to sug-
gest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
here are at least three of these States having
considerably less than a moiety.
Mr. MERCUR. Two, only—New Hamp-
shire and Florida.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let me look
at this a moment. Suppose we put these rune
in, and then take the total population of the
United States and divide it by the new total
of the House, and it changes the ratio ot repre-
sentation, and we are then left with other States
