2302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
ment iu regard to alleged abuses in the New
York custom-house; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that tb,e Senate had passed without
amendment bills of the House of the following
titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2031) for the .relief of
Peck, Van Horn & Co. ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1700) for the relief of
Bat,telle & Evans;
A bill (H. It. No. 1546) for the relief of
George H. Rupp;
A bill (H. It. No. 1288) for the relief of
Sluman S. Bailey, collector of internal revenue
for the third district of Michigan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of
Augustus Bacon ; and
A bill (H. It. No. 101) for the relief'of F.
B. Brayton.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the House of the
following titles, with amendments; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A bill (H. R. No. 2042) for the relief of
Fannie M. Jackson, of Tennessee ;
A bill (H. It. No. 112) for the relief of G.
S. Baker, of Maryville, Missouri, for the reissue
of a certain bond ;
A bill (H. It. No. 1119) to authorize the
commissioners of claims to appoint special
commissioners to take testimony, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. It. No. 1913) for the relief of
Robert Williams, jr., collector of the third
district of Ohio;
A bill (H. It. No. 873) for the relief of
settlers on the Osage lands in the Stale of
Kansas; and
A bill (H. It. No. 1930) relating to proposals
and contracts for transportation of the mails,
and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Somite had passed bills of the following titles;
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
A bill (S. No. 163) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary 1j. House Russell;
A bill (S. No. 739) for the relief of Sarah
A, Ward ;
A bill (S. No. 797) for the relief of William
Henry Otis ;
A bill (S. No. 109) conferring upon the
Court of Claims the power to hear and determ-
ine the claim of W. Parish & Co. for dam-
ages for the alleged violation of their con-
tract with the United States for the delivery
A bill (S. No. 197) for the relief of the widow
of D. Jay Brown, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 105) for the relief of J. Mil-
ton Best;
A bill (S. No. 841) for the relief of .Tames
A. Way mire, late a second lieutenant of com-
pany 11, first cavalry United States Army;
A bill (S. No 200) for the relief of William
H. Oolledge;
A bill (S. No. 19fc) for the relief of L. Mer-
chant & Co. ;
A bill (S. No. 95) for the relief Minerva
Lewis, as administiatrix of the estate of
Ezekiel Lewis, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 190) for the relief of the own-
ers of t.lie bark A 1 ;
A bill (S. No. 895) for the relief Milo Pratt;
A bill (8. No. 929) for the relief of Robert
Lowry, of Nushvitle, Tennessee ;
A bill (S. No. 201) for the relief of Phoebe
Hepburn ;
A bill (S. No. 260) for the relief of loyal
citizens of Loudoun county, Virginia, therein
named;
A bill (S. No. 850) providing for the pay-
ment of loyal citizens of Loudoun county, Vir-
ginia, therein named, for their property taken
by military authorities of the United Slates ;
A bill (S. No. 692) for the relief of Thomas
M. Redd;
A bill (S. No. 161) for the relief of those
suffering from the destruction of the salt-works
near Manchester, Kentucky, pursuant to the
orders of Major General Carlos Buell;
A bill (S. No. 59) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to settle and pay the accounts
of Colonel James F. Jaques ; ||
A bill (S. No. 90) for the relief of Cowan jl
& Dickinson; j'
A bill (S. No. 687) for the relief of Charles jj
and Henry W. Spencer j
A bill (S. No. 009) for the relief of the Uni-
ted States Express Company;
A bill (S. No. 760) for the relief of Beverly
M. Botts, Rosalie S. Lewis, Isabella McLean
Lewis, and Mary Minor Hoxsey, children and
heirs-at-law of John M. Botts, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 873) for the relief of Francis
A. Gibbons; and
A bill (S. No. 696) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at Boonville, Missouri.
POSTAL CARDS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill authorizing the use of one-cent postal
cards.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask a few
moments more. I do not think we ought to
say that this postal caid shall be an absolutely
open card. I think it would at least be well
for the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to allow an amendment to be offered
so that the Postmaster General may, in his
discretion, or perhaps that he shall be com-
pelled to so construct this postal card that
there may be a flap or cover to it, or else to
provide a card to be folded and gummed at
the edges. I would leave it to the discretion
of the Postmaster General to adopt the one
or the other form; or if we are to fix the
form, I think that perhaps we had better
adopt the one with the flap.
Mr. HILL. I have no objection to leaving
it to the discretion of the Postmaster General.
Mr. GARFllOLD, of Ohio. I think that
we will find that our laws ot' libel in this coun-
try do not give us anything like the personal
protection that the laws of European countries
give their citizens. And quite likely a postal
card that may be used with success and with-
out serious difficulty there would not meet with
the same success here.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to suggest in
that connection that while the cover or flap,
or whatever you may term it, might conceal
libelous matter, it would also make the postal
caul more valuable for other purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD. I think that kind of card
would bo used twice as much as the other.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
seen this postal card with a flap, which I sup-
pose is patented, and a  a matter of conven-
ience I have bought them and used them
myself, although I have that very glorious
privilege known as the franking privilege. I
should be very much in favor of a postal card
patterned like this for ordinary business use.
if the manufacturers cannot afford to sell them
as cheaply as the people would like to have
them, then tltey will not buy them. Lot them
he sent through the post office for one-cent
postage, and for ordinary messages among the
people, messages of health, of requests, and
for almost all the ordinary purposes of letters,
those closed cards would be used, and it would
be as impossible to send scurrilous messages
in them as it would be in ordinary letters.
And besides, the message would be protected
by the cover from being soiled, and it would
have another advantage, which one does not
now get under the envelope system ; you would
always have a postage stamp on the letter
itself, showing the date of its mailing, which
is frequently a great convenience. I hope this
bill will be so framed as to allow the Postmas-
ter General—perhaps it would be well to com-
pel him—to allow the people to use these flap
cards for letters, at one cent postage. I may
say that they cost but twenty five cents per
thousand, for I have bought them for my own
use.
Mr. HILL. The objection is that if you use
a flap card and seal it, you make it an envelope
letter at once.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The peo-
ple will not use them if they do not like them,
you may be sure of that.
Mr. TYNER. The various suggestions
which have been made by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] and the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] were considered
by the committee when the bill was pending
before them. The committee came unani-
mously to the conclusion that the better style
of postal card for public use was the open
card. The principal objection to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio is this, that
under existing laws the postage on drop-letters
in cities where letter-carriers are employed is
two cents each. Now, if these postal cards
be ordered with flaps, so as to be substituted
for envelope letters, the result will be that
that kind of correspondence will be employed
in those cities, thus cutting down to that extent
the revenues of the Post Office Department.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman state
what amount of revenue the Post Office De-
partment would thus be deprived of?
Mr. TYNER. I am unable to say, for I
have not the data upon the subject now before
me. But I do know that if you substitute these
postal cards with flaps to be sealed, the
result will be that you will entirely cut off the
revenue from drop-letters in cities where let- '
ter-carriers are employed. The committee
believe that the open card is decidedly prefer-
able. Its advantages might be enumerated,
if I were disposed to take up the time of the
House in doing so. Let me present only one
of those advantages. A person may carry
these postal cards about in his pocket, and on
the stieet, in the street cars, or anywhere else
where a thought may happen to strike him
which he wishes to communicate to another
person within the limits of the delivery of that
city; he may take out his pencil, write his
communication on the card, and drop it into
the first letter-box that he comes to. The
advantage of this must be obvious at once to
every gentleman who will give the matter a
moment's reflection.
As to the point made by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] that these postal cards
will be used as a medium forretailmg slanders,
I desire to say that the objection, in my
opinion, amounts to nothing. Why, sir, under
our present laws any man may write a slander
upon the back of an envelope and deposit it
in the post office. It has been done time and
again. But the law in such a case steps in
and protects the party intended to be reached
by the slander; it provides that an envelope
so written upon shall not be delivered.
The bill now under consideration makes the
same provision. Jf any man is so lost to
honor as to attempt to slander another, and
shall use one of these postal cards as a means
of doing so, this bill provides that the card
shall not be delivered. Therefore, the only
i party who will see the slander is the post ollice
1 clerk; and he has the same chance of seeing
such slanders now. In my judgment there is
| nothing in that objection.
; Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, yes,
| there is.
j Mr. TYNER. There are so few persons to
| bo found in this country who will resort to
I means of this kind to slander others that the
| objection ought not to be considered as at all
• countervailing the great objects to be accora-
; piished by the bill.
j Mr. HILL. I yield to the gentleman from
: New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
offer an amendment which will obviate the
objection taken to this bill by the geutleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]' My amendment
proposes to add at the end of section one the
