510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
ation desired by the committee, and therefore
I give it my support.
Mr. BANKS. The House is under the im-
pression, perhaps, that this bill makes an
appropriation to pay all the expenses of the
members of this embassy. That would be an
erroneous impression. It is rather to give
them a generous reception on the part of the
Government. There are many expenses of
individuals members, and indeed of the embassy
in different parts of the country, that will be
borne by themselves or defrayed by the great
commercial cities they may visit. What we
propose is, on the part of the United States,
to give them a generous and cordial reception,
which willbe in accordance with their customs,
as it is with the ideas of our people and the
interests of our Government. And we do this
because we were the very first to introduce
them to the notice and the acquaintance of
civilized nations. Holland monopolized the
trade of Japan for two hundred years. It was
our own Navy, under the command of Com-
modore Perry, that opened the country to ac-
quaintance and to treaty relations with modern
nations.
And I am also reminded by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] that at our first
acquaintance with Japan, on forming com-
mercial relations with that country, the first
embassies we sent out were received with gen-
erous hospitality. 1 do not wish to be under-
stood as intimating that the Japanese paid the
expenses of our expedition. It was a naval
expedition ol' formidable character for that
period, sent out to compel them to open their
country, by the acquisition of California made
a near neighbor, to the commerce of our peo-
ple. They could not regard us as friends.
We required them to abandon customs of
many centuries, and to enter a policy which
was hostile to all their traditions and prin-
ciples. We were in fact their enemy. Our
negotiator was not permitted, in fact, to com-
municate with the chiefs of their Government.
But,nevertheless, when they comprehended our
views, they opened their ports to us ; they sus-
pended their laws. Our representatives were
.received where no European had been permit-
ted to approach them. They recognized us as
equals, not vassals; and our fleet lay in their
waters without the espionage of Japanese
guard-boats, which always had guarded vessels
of other nations. It is for this, and because our
treaties have been profitable to us and valuable
to them, that we propose a return of their gen-
erous consideration. They did not, of course,
under sucli circumstances offer to pay our
expenses; but the merchants settled in the
country gave to our people every hospitality.
Commodore Perry and his men suffered lor
nothing that it was in their power to give them.
They were furnished .with quarters, servants,
rations, and all necessaries and luxuries of
life. It was individual hospitality, not na-
tional hospitality ; but we must remember it
was extended to those who entered the Japan-
ese waters upon a quasi hostile mission, with
the purpose of forcing, if necessary, the recog-
nition of the necessities of commerce.
The same is true of our earliest mission to
China. Our representative was received at
Pekin, and magnificent banquets and festivals
on the partof residents oi the empire welcomed
their arrival and cheered their residence among
the Chinese people. It was impossible to ex-
pect the high officers of the Government to
enter into these festivities, for we were then
as enemies among them. But they came to
know us better, aud to regard us not only as
Iriends, but their protectors and teachers in
the grand march of civilization. And wo now
propose to return this courtesy in the same
generous manner to the Japanese embassy
which has been sent to us upon so important a
mission as that with which the embassy now
on its way to this city is charged in its visit to
this country. Seriously, I hope that no earnest
opposition will be offered to the measure.
That which it is worth while to do at all ought
to be done promptly, generously, and unani-
mously.
The question was on the motion of Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio, to suspend the rules and
pass the bill; and being put, there were—ayes
•J5, noes 39.
Mr. McNEELY demanded the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes nineteen; an insufficient number, not
being one fifth of the last vote.
Mr. McNEELY. I ask for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
In favor of ordering tellers on the yeas and
nays, there were—ayes seventeen; not one fifth
of a quorum.
So tellers were refused, and the yeas and
nays were refused; and (two thirds having
voted in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill (H. R. No. 1185) to en-
able the Secretary of the Treasury to defray the
expenses of the embassy from Japan was read
three times, and passed.
LOUISIANA DISTURBANCES.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to offer
a resolution for the payment of the expenses
of the committee of investigation into the dis-
turbances at New Orleans. I am not author-
ized by the Committee on Appropriations to
report this resolution, but 1 ask unanimous
consent to have it passed by the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House is directed
to pay the chairman of the select committee au-
thorized by the resolution of January 15,1872, to in-
quire into the difficulties whioh have arisen between
the government and officials of the State of Louis-
iana, &c., such sum of money as may be required
for the expenses of said committee while absent
from Washington m the discharge oi their duties;
and the receipts of the chairman of said committee
sh-til bo the proper vouchers of the Clerk for the
amount thereof in the settlement of his accounts;
said expenditures to be reported to and audited by
the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to object to
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I move
to suspend the rules and pass the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Perhaps I will with-
draw the objection, if the gentleman will show
us good reasons for passing the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
do that. He must either object or not object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire some ex-
planation from the gentleman from Ohio, or
some other gentleman, as to the necessity of
the committee visiting New Orleans.
Mr. PETERS. I object to debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I may be per-
mitted to state, in reply to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnswotith,] that of course if
the House takes back its order sending the
committee to Louisiana I will take back this
resolution. But as the House has ordered the
committee to go, and as I understand they are
about starting, and as they have requested an
appropriation to be made out of the contin-
gent fund, 1 think it is the duty of the House
to make the appropriation, or to take back the
order sending them to New Orleans.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not suppose
that the committee will go to New Orleans if
this appropriation is not made. If the appro-
priation ia made, it will be regarded as a fur-
ther instruction to go.
Novj, it seems to me from what I read in
the newspapers, that the difficulty in New
Orleans is so far accommodating itself as to
make it unnecessary to send a committee to
make investigation. I do not quite see what
Congress is going to do about it. If a com-
mittee goes there and investigates and submits
a report, I cannot see what we can do upon
the subject. It seems to me that Congress
might possess itself of the facts pretty nearly
as well without sending a committee there as
by sending one. 1 may be wrong about this,
but I rose for the purpose of getting informa-
tion on the subject. The committee, I know,
do not want to go to New Orleans ; they have
no desire to go there; but if the House desires
they shall go, I suppose that it is only by pass-
ing such a resolution as this that they can go.
It seems to me, however, that the difficulties
are pretty much ended in New Orleans ; I
judge so from what I read in the papers; and
if so it is useless to send a committee there to
investigate them.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I shall be very
glad to hear from the committee. If they do
not desire the passage of the resolution I shall
be happy to withdraw it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. When a committee is ap-
pointed and authorized to have the expenses
of witnesses, clerks, &c., paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the House, they ordinarily
make a bill in items as expenses are incurred,
and it is presented to the Clerk and paid.
When a committee goes away from the capi-
tal it is necessary, as a matter of course, that
they should have some mode of drawing funds
and paying them out, and having their accounts
audited aiterward. The Committee to Invest-
igate Southern Outrages borrowed some ten
or twelve thousand dollars for the payment of
expenses, and when they came back there was
some objection made to that. It was said that
they ought not to have borrowed money and
then come in and ask the House to make an
appropriation. I asked the Clerk of the House
this morning if he could furnish us with some
money from the contingent fund to defray ex-
penses, and he told me he could not, and that
unless a resolution of this kind were passed we
would have to borrow money to pay the -ex
penses incurred. He told me further that the
House is in the habit of passing resolutions
of this kind.
As to the propriety of going down to New
Orleans, the committee have nothing to say
upon that point. The House have directed
them to make the investigation here or else-
where, and if this resolution stands in that way,
the committee, though at great inconvenience
to themselves, will go down to New Orleans
and perform the duty which the House has
assigned them. I believe that every member
of the committee would prefer not to go. If
they go, they will have to leave their business
and correspondence here, and two members
of the committee have absolutely declined to
serve on this account, and two others, I sup-
pose, will be appointed to fill their places. If
the House has changed its mind, and thinks
that the committee need not go to New Or-
leans, but may get all the facts they can here,
whatever facts we do get will be obtained with-
out any considerable expense, and the vote
upon this appropriation will, of coursc, determ-
ine whether the House wishes us to go down
to New Orleans or not.
Mr. HALE. I would like to ask the gentle-
man, if he is willing to answer the question,
whether or not the state of affairs has not
changed since the passage of the original reso-
lution by the House, thereby obviating the
necessity of the committee going down ? For
instance, it appears by the newspapers that
what is called the " Warmoth faction," that
is to say, Governor Warmoth, has possession
now. If that be so, I should like to know of
the chairman of the committee what the com-
mittee can do when it gets down there either
to confirm the possession of the Warmoth
faction or to controvert it, upon what it will
act, whether it can do anything more than
merely to recite facts, and when those facts
are recited, what can we do upon that recital'!1
I ask this question for information, because I
do not see myself what the committee can act
upon.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Some aspects of the case,
according to the accounts in the newspapers,
have changed for the better since the adoption
of the resolution; others are quite as bad, or
worse. I believe that the members of the
senate of Louisiana who absented themselves
have returned to the hall of the senate, but the
