40M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Mr, SHANKS. I think it had better be put
at the end of the first section.
Mr. BCJTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
care where.
Mr. TAFFE. I would like to say a word
on this amendment, as the lands to which they
refer are situated in my State. Under the pro-
visions of Ihis bill these lands will be set apart,
and whether sold or not they will no longer
constitute an Indian reservation. Now, from
actual knowledge of that land I know it will
not average $2 50 an acre, and therefore it
will lie in that position perhaps an indefinite
period, being neither Indian laud nor the land
of private individuals. My opinion is it will
not bring $1 25 an acre to-day while people
can take up homesteads so near to it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
reason I suggested this amendment was this :
there was a treaty passed through under the
same provisions, to wit, that there should be
an appraisement of the lands and a sale of
the lands. There were cerlaiti lands in Kan-
sas worth five dollars an acre, and they were
sold for one dollar an acre.
Mr. TAFFE. That is true.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
true, the gentleman says ; then that is agreed
to. There are four parcels of this land ; one
of fifty thousand acres in Kansas, another of
eighty thousand in Nebraska, another of six-
teen thousand somewhere else, and still
another parcel, I do not recollect how much.
Now. my desire i3 to protect the Treasury and
the Indians. Two commissioners or apprais-
ers are to be appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior, and they can overrule the one ap-
praiser or commissioner to be appointed by
the Indians, and the lands may all be sacri-
ficed and will be sacrificed in that way.
Mr. SHANKS. Suppose the gentleman's
idea is correct, and I am always willing to ad-
mit whatever protects the Indians, and there-
fore I raise no particular objeciion to the ob-
ject he has in view, yet I think the amend-
ment he suggests will not reach the point he
desires. Itspeaks of the average sale of these
lands, and that cannot be determined till all
the lands are sold. He had better limit it by
saying " the minimum price."
Mr. BUTLEH, of Massachusetts. I say the
average of each parcel of laud. Then it will
be understood that no patent will issue unless
the average of each parcel amounts to $2 50
per acre.
Mr. SHANKS. Very well; I have no ob-
jection to the amendment.
Mr. TAFFE. I object to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is a part
of the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Shanks,] who moves that the rules be
suspended, and the bill with the amendment
indicated he passed.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Shanks ; and upon a division, there were—
ayes eighty-six, noes not counted.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill, as amended,
was passed.
BEAVER LAKE, INDIANA.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, sub-
mitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on Senate bill No. 610, en-
titled ' An act to release to the State of Indiana
the lands known as the bed of Beaver lake, in New-
ton county, m said State," respectfully report, that
thoy have had the same under consideration, and
have been unable to agree thereon, and ask to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof,
and that other committees of conference on the
same mny be appointed by the Senate and tho
House of Representatives, respectively.
W. TOWNSEND.
MA11K H. DUN NELL,
JAS. K McCOllJIlClC,
Managers oii the part of the House.
D. D. PRATT,
JOHN A. LOUAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the conferees will be discharged and a new
conference ordered, in accordance with the
recommendation of the report.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH IN FLORIDA.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I am
instructed by the Committee on Public Lands
to report, and ask a suspension of the rules to
pass, with a substitute, the bill (S. No. 754)
granting the right of way through the public
lands for the construction of a railroad and
telegraph in Florida.
The substitute was read. It grants right
of way through the public lands to the Great
Southern Railway Company, a corporation
created under the laws of the State of Florida,
its successors and assigns, for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph from the St. Mary's
river, in the State of Florida, to Key West,
in said State, together with a branch road from
the most eligible point on that road to Tampa
bay and Caloosa entrance, in said State; and
the right, power, and authority are given to
the corporation to take, from the public lands
adjacent to the line of the road, materials for
the construction thereof. The way is granted
to the railroad to the extent of one hundred
feet in width on each si(Je of the central line
of said road where it may pass through the
public domain, including grounds for station
buildings, workshops, depots, machine-shops,
switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, and water
stations, to an amount not exceeding twenty
acres for each ten miles in length of the main
line of the railroad. Within one year from
the passage of this act the company is to file
with the Secretary of the Interior its accept-
ance of the terms of this act, and a map of
the route, exhibiting the line of the road and
its branch, as the same has been located, and
shall complete the road within ten years of
the passage of this act. It is made the duty
of the company to permit any other railroad,
which has been or shall be authorized by the
United States, or by the Staie of Florida, to
form running connections with its road on fair
and equitable terms. In ease of disagreement
the terms are to be fixed by the Secretary of
the Interior.
The second section authorizes and empowers
the company to mortgage, in the usual man-
ner, their franchise, road-bed, and all prop-
erty belonging thereto, to an amount not to
exceed $30,000 per average mile for the road
and branch; and such mortgage, and all bonds
issued under such mortgage, are to be regis-
tered in the Department of the Interior, under
such regulations and restrictions as the Secre-
tary shall prescribe. The road is to be a post
route^ and a military road ; and Congress at
any time, having due regard for the rights
of said company, may fix rates of tariff for
transportation of troops, materials of war, and
mails, and may addto, alter, oramendthis act.
_ The third section reserves to Congress the
lightto alter, amend, or repeal this act when-
ever in its judgment the interests of the people
may require it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Congress certainly has not
the power to confer upon a local corporation
created by State authority the additional
powers contemplated by this bill.
_ Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. The
bill does not confer any additional powers; it
simply gives the right of way.
Mr. HOLMAN. It proposes to give the
company the right to mortgage its franchise,
which it derives fiom State authority.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. That
is only confirmatory.
Mr. HOLMAN. The franchises of the com-
pany are derived from the State. I hope we
shall strike out the second section of the bill.
We have not heretofore passed any such bill.
Mr. WILLARD. The bill is objectionable
in other particulars. It gives the company the
right to take materials along the line of the
road on the public lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust thegentleman from
Pennsylvania will consent to strike out the
second section.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I ask
that the second section be again read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. That said company shall be authorized and
empowered to mortgage, in the usual manner, their
franchise, road-bed, and all property belonging
thereto, to an amount not to exceed $30,000 per
average mile for the road and branch; and such
mortgage, and all bonds issued under such mortgage,
shall be registered in the Department of the Inte-
rior, under such regulations and restrictions as the
Secretary shall prescribe. Said road shall be a post
route and a military road; and Congress at any time,
having due regard for the rights of said company,
may fix rates of tariff for transportation of troops,
materials of war, aud mails, and may add to, alter,
or amend this act.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the first clause of the section just read.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to that amendment.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] will be adopted,
the substitute as amended agreed to, and the
bill passed.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to try once more
to bring business into some regular channel.
The tariff bill is not here in print at this time.
I have sent a special messenger to the Printing
Office for copies of it. In the meantime, how-
ever, it is perfectly evident that we ought to
go to the Speaker's table in a regular manner,
and not allow the course of business to be
decided by members from all quarters appeal-
ing to the Speaker for a recognition to take
up special bills. I therefore move that we
proceed to the Speaker's table generally under
a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts asks that the House shall proceed
to consider bills in their order under the two-
thirds rule.
Mr. KERR. Will a two-thirds vote be
required on each bili?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state (as
he would be reluctant to do under ordinary
circumstances) that he would be glad to have
the House adopt this motion, for the reason
that he is now pressed on all hands by members
to be recognized to move to take bills from the
Speaker's table. The preference of one gen-
tleman over another for this purpose must be
a matter of mere favoritism. The adoption
of the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will give every gentleman his righton
a suspension of the rules by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me there
should be no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. It applies the suspension
of the rules to each bill.
There being no objection, the motion of
Mr. Dawes was agreed to.
QUARANTINE.
The first business on the Speaker's table
were theamendments of the Senate to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 82) providing for a more
effective system of quarantine on the southern
and Gulf coasts.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows :
After the word " Mexico " insert" and the Atlantic
coast.
Strike out the words, "and the proper means to
prevent such, outbreaks," and insert ** and whether
any system of quarantine is likely to be effective in
preventing invasions ot yellow fever; and if so, what
system will least interfere with the interests of com-
merce at said ports."
^ Mr. POiTER. I ask to have the bill read
in connection with the Senate amendments, as
the amendments change the whole character
of the original bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas experience has proved that the present
system ol quarantineon the&outhernandUuifcoasts
