2304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 99
The SPEAKER. Is further count insisted
on?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not insist
on further count, as gentlemen do not seem
disposed' to vote on either side.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the bill, as amended, to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman who has reported this bill whether
he does not understand its effect and intent to
be that these cards shall only be distributed to
the people through the Postmaster General;
that he shall supply them exclusively ?
Mr. HILL. To be distributed through the
different post offices throughout the country.
Mr. BINGHAM, So they are to be distrib-
uted through the Post OSiee Department?
Mr. HILL. Of course.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then the amount of it is
that the Department is to be converted into a
stationery establishment, and to purchase, for
the benefit of somebody exclusively, these
cards for the use of the people, and transport
them through the mails at a cent each. The
House will notico that the bill reduces indefi-
nitely the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment, without extending a general benefit to
the people. When the proper time comes, 1
will ask the privilege of moving to table the
bill, with the intent that the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads may report a uni-
form reduction of postage, making the trans-
mission of intelligence cheaper than it now is
to all the people, and allowing every man in
all the United States to purchase himself,
wherever he pleases, that which is to contain
his letter; and if he chooses to transmit his
letter open he may do it; if he chooses to trans-
mit it sealed he may do it. I undertake to
say that if, instead of passing a partial meas-
ure like this, you reduce the postage to one
cent prepaid on every letter, subject to the
existing limitations, you will increase the rev-
enue, and you will in addition greatly benefit
the people at large. The only difference will
be that you will not pay tribute to somebody
who is to be the special favorite of the Post
Ollice Department in furnishing those cards.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
ordering the bill, as amended, to bo engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. BINGHAM, I move that the bill bo
laid on the table.
The question was taken upon the motion to
lay the bill on the table, and it was not agreed
to upon a division—ayes twenty-six, noes not,
counted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly road the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BINGI1A M. Upon that question 1 call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were fourteen in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last full vote) the yeas and nays were not
ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
order of bcsink8s.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Has the
morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour busi-
ness never expires by the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HOOPER, ot Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
bill (H. R, No. 1-127) revising and amending
the laws relative to mints, assay offices, and
coinage of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Was there not
another bill made the special order for to-day ?
The SPEAKER. The bill reported from
the Committee on the Public Lands, that came
in conflict with the homestead bill, being a bill
(H. R. No. 2199) to incorporate the Great Salt
Lake and Colorado Railroad Company, and to
aid in the construction of its road, and for the
purpose of securing the lands along the line of
said road to actual settlers at $2 50 per aero,
and in quantities not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres to each settler, was postponed
until to-day, after the hour of one o'clock and
thirty minutes p. m., and made the special
order to the exclusion of all other orders—
reports from the Committees of Ways and
Means and Appropriations, and the bill (H.
R. No. 1427) heretofore made a special order,
excepted—for to;day, and from day to day
thereafter until disposed of.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the Commit-
tee on Appropriations waive their right this
morning to move to go into Committee of the
Whole on an appropriation bill, will they
thereby lose their right to make that motion
to-morrow? a
The SPEAKER. They will not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will inquire
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] if he expects to get through with his
bill to day ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope so.
alabama claims and indirect damages.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a resolution in relation to the Ala-
bama claims and indirect damages; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
election contest—gooding vs. wilson.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio, from the Committee
of Elections, submitted a report in the con-
tested-election case of Gooding vs. Wilson,
from the Sjtate of Indiana, together with the
following resolution :
Jlfaohcd, That lion. Jeremiah M. Wilson ie
entitled to the seat occupied by him in this House
as a Representative from the fourth district of
Indiana.
Mr. ARTHUR, from the same committee,
submitted the views of the minority in the
same case.
The majority report, together with the views
of the minority, was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PERRY", of Ohio. I desire to state
that I will call up this report for action at an
early day.
amendment of revenue laws.
Mr. NEGLKY. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Commerce,
for action at this time, a bill to amend sec-
tion thirty-five of an act entitled "An act
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses."
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objections to its present consider-
ation will be in order.
„ The bill was read, and provides that the
privileges of an act entitled ''An act to reduce
iuternal taxes, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 14, 1870, shall be extended to the
ports of Nashville, Tennessee, Montgomery,
Alabama, San Diego, California, and Albany,
New York, with the same effect as if they had
been inserted in the thirty-fifth section of that
act.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I have understood that
there is a letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury upon this subject. Perhaps my colleague
on the Committee on Commerce [ilr. Negley]
will allow it to be read.
Mr. DAWES. How many new officers will
be rendered necessary by this?bill?
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the bill, be-
cause I do not know what it is. .
civil rights bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent that a bill (H. R. No. 1647)
supplemental to an act entitled " An act to
protect all citizens of the United States in their
civil rights, and to furnish the means for their
vindication," passed April 9, 1866, now pend-
ing in the morning hour of Monday, be printed
for the use of the House.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
mints, assay offices, and coinage.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 1427) revising
and amending the laws relative to the mints,
assay offices, and coinage of the United States.
The question is upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time. Upon this
question the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The last
revision of the laws relating to the Mint was
in 1837; the operations of the Mint had
always been insignificant up to that time in
comparison to the magnitude they have since
assumed. The total gold and silver coinage
for five years previous to 1834, when the
standard of the gold coinage was changed,
was only $16,552,734 10, averaging but little
more than three millions per annum. The
whole quantity of gold produced in the Uni-
ted States in ten years, from 1824 to 1834, was
$3,679,000. During the last five years the total
amount of bullion passing through the mints
and assay offices has been $178,796,817, aver-
aging nearly thirty-six millions annually, be-
sides the unminted bullion exported, which
probably exceeded one hundred millions in
those five years, increasing the average pro-
duction of each year to over fifty-six millions ;
and this estimate is generally considered far
below the actual production. The production
of gold during the five years has been estimated
at thirty to thirty-five millions annually, and
of silver fifteen to twenty-five millions, the
gold coinage ranging during that period from
twenty to twenty-eight millions, and the silver
coinage one and a half to two and a half mil-
lions.
The gold and silver mines of California,
Nevada, and Idaho were unknown until 1835 ;
the Mint at Philadelphia was then the only
establishment of the kind in the United States.
The vast productions of those newly discov-
ered mines called for the multiplication of
branch mints and assay offices, each of which
was established at different times and under
separate acts of Congress. Thus a mass of
legislation has come in, not always consistent,
which now requires codification and amend-
ment. It is clear that the bullion interest in
this country, with this enormous production
of the precious metals, has become sufficiently
important to justify the establishment of a dis-
tinct bureau of the Government with a com-
petent head in the Department of the Treasury,
and sufficiently important to require the revis-
ion and amendment of the laws which were
passed when the science of metallurgy and
coinage was much less perfect than it is now.
The bill under consideration is believed to
contain all that is valuable m existing laws,
with such new provisions added as appear
necessary to those best acquainted wiib the
subject for the efficiency and economy of the
public service in the important department to
which it relates. The bill was prepared two
years ago, and has been submitted to car. fa!
and deliberate examination. It has the njj-
proval of nearly all the mint expeits of the
country, and the sanction of the Secretary of
the' Treasury. Mr. Ernest Seyd, of London,
a distinguished writer, who has given great
attention to the subject of mints and coinage,
after examining the first draft of the bill, fur-
