512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
gation no longer exists? In the judgment of
the House there was a necessity a week ago.
If it existed then it exists now, for the situa-
tion is unchanged. No longer ago than last
night the Governor of Louisiana invoked the
intervention of the national authority to pre-
vent a conflict in the city of New Orleans
to-day.
I concur with the gentleman from Ohio {Mr.
Garfield] that this investigation should reach
the Federal officials. Let it reach all who are
guilty. I concur also, in part, with the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] who
speaks of the corruption existing there. But
while it exists among the Republicans, it like-
wise exists among the Democracy.
Mr. BECK. The Democrats may have paid
the money to buy them.
Mr. SYPHEH. That class of members of
southern Legislatures who are denounced by
gentlemen on the other side of the House as
corrupt and debased are for the most part
men who are without legislative experience and
unacquainted with parliamentary rules. And
I doubt not that in many cases they have
been improperly influenced to vote for schemes
of plunder ; but in almost every case the viie
job can be traced to an old and respectable
Democrat as the author.
Mr. Speaker, I am not a partisan of either
fiction now disgracing my State by their revo-
lutionary conduct. Both are criminally wrong,
and their acts should be investigated and ex-
posed so that the country may know the truth,
and then let public condemnation rest upon
the guilty party. Gentlemen have expressed
fears of proving too much by this investigation,
and they intimate that it might be damaging
to the ltepublican party. Let me say to them
here, that if the Republican party is to have
an existence m the South in the future it must
purge itself of its thieves. The masses of the
people of my State are honest, they are peace-
able, they are orderly, law-abiding citizens.
They ask only for protection in their rights
and property and to be permitted to pursue
their peaceful pursuits. These they have the
rijjlit to demand, and the national Govern-
ment cannot deny them these rights. Let
tiic committee proceed to Louisiana without
delay and make an impartial and thorough
investigation of all the difficulties, and report
the same to the House, then it will be time,
after the facts are before.us, to decide whether
Congress has the power under the Constitution
to supply a remedy for the existing evils.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I introduced the
resolution upon which this committee has been
raised. I did not do it suddenly, nor until after
deliberation and consultation. I have seen'it
announced in the papers since the committee
lias been raised, that there had been efforts
made by the Executive and other parties to
prevent its going to New Orleans. I have
only to say, sir, that is not true. It is not
true that the Executive is opposed to the ap-
pointment of this committee, or its proceed-
ing to New Orleans. Nor is it true that those
who are generally supposed in New Orleans
to be opposed to the Executive are opposed
to investigation, for between the first day I
offered the resolution and the day it passed
I received a telegraphic communication from
the head of those who are generally eonsid-
ered_ to be opposed to the Executive calling
for investigation. The investigation origin-
ated from intrinsic difficulties of the case in
New Orleans, because the President had been
appealed to by the Governor of Louisiana to
interfere with Federal force in order to keep
the peace, under that provision of the Consti-
tution which requires him upon the appeal of
the State Executive to render that assistance.
His reply was that there was a conflict of au-
thority, that there were two parties there each
representing itself to be the legal government
of Louisiana, and under those circumstances
it was impossible for him to respond to the
one or to the other. Statements came np to
him of one character from one side, and flat
contradictions to them came to him from the
other, on their face equally authentic and
equally official. And it was because he was
unable to decide between these that an invest-
igation by some competent authority was ab-
solutely necessary. Therefore this resolution
did originate in the House, and for that reason,
I suppose, was adopted by the House.
Such was the origin of the resolution. It
contemplated the appointment of a select com
mittee, rather than the joint committee should
have this added to its other duties, for the
plain reason that this House could not instruct
the joint committee. If the House should
instruct the committee it must be" its own
committee, and while I hesitate whether it were
not better to instruct those members of the
joint committee which are part of the House,
it "occurred to aie that it was better, in the
multiplicity of the burdens of the committee,
that another should be appointed to which
should be especially referred the making of
this investigation.
It was said by some, when this resolution
was pending here in this House, that it was
better not to uncover the proceedings in New
Orleans, that such was the condition of things
there it had better not be brought to light.
I do not belong to that class of men, Mr.
Speaker. I assume that both sides are
very nearly what the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] has endeavored to show,
one side at least is. I do not know either
side, and do not care any further about them
than to bring them to the surface and let the
world see who and what they are and what
they are doing.
I do not understand things have so changed
in Louisiana that there is any less occasion
to-day for this investigation than there was
when this resolution was adopted by the House.
We are told that a revenue-cutter of the Gov-
ernment has been used by one side, and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury does not know whether
for a lawful or unlawful purpose, except as the
papers inform him. From the reports of the
officials residing there, appointed on the one
side or the other, whether right or wrong, the
Executive is unable to decide in response to
their calls upon him to which of them he is
obliged, under the Constitution, to furnish a
force to keep the peace. Atthis verymoment
the "outs" have issued a proclamation that
at eleven o'clock and thirty minutes this morn-
ing_ they will proceed, with the speaker at
their head and with two thousand men under
their command, to the State House to drive out
those in possession.
Sir, this is what they call upon the people
of New Orleans to do:
, " The citizens, irrespective of rule or party, are
invited to organise and arm themselves as wet] as
they maybe able, and report in force in the neigh-
borhood of 207 Canal street, where they will be pro-
vided with the necessary commissions and sworn in
as assistant sergeants-at-arms. I want"—
This is the language of the man who claims
to be the speaker of the house, and upon whose
telegram to the President in connection with
the telegram of the other side the President
responded that he was unable to decide which
was the true authority. He says :
"I want a force so potent in numbers, and also so
representative of the community, as will ^preclude
Woodshed and insure abstinence on the part of the
ixecutire from further interference with the Gen-
eral Assembly/'
This is to be performed and enacted while
we are hesitating here whether it were worth
while for us to inquire at all.
Now, it is charged that the Government offi-
cers are steeped in corruption, and that they
have sided with one of these parties. In re-
sponse it is charged that the Governor and the
Legislature are rotten, rotten to the core, and
that it is a conflict of rotten factions in the
State of Louisiana, involving the Federal offi-
cers and the Federal power, and the admin-
istration of the custom-house and .the collec- j
tion of the revenue. These are^tko charges,
and this is the response of the Executive to
the one side and to the other. And, while I
admit, sir, that it is an unpleasant duty which
the House has devolved upon this committee,
I say that, in my opinion, we cannot afford to
stop this investigation.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I voted
for this investigation, and to raise this com-
mittee. In doing so I differed from many of
my political friends on this sido of the House.
I did so, however, because I believed there
was a necessity for something to be done ; and
although it was a matter of doubt in my mind
whether it was within the province of this Gov-
ernment to interfere with such a local contest
as is now raging in Louisiana, I gave the
occasion the benefit of the doubt.
As I look upon tho scene which has been
exhibited in tho city of New Orleans for the
last two weeks, I think no gentleman upon this
floor has exaggerated its importance. No one
has colored the affair too strongly. And the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
is entitled, in my judgment, to the thanks of
the country for the independence of his con-
duct in moving the proposed investigation.
He is a leader of his party, and the official
leader of this House, and the effects of his
measure must fall upon his political friends.
His conduct is all the more commendable for
that reason.
Sir, what do we behold in Louisiana? An
American State has been trying for two weeks
to convene her Legislature, and trying in vain.
She has been endeavoring to assemble the law-
making branch of her government, and up to
this hour lias failed. During that time we
have seen an American officer in command of
United States troops, moving them every day
to and from the Government barracks, interfer-
ing in the struggle, under orders from some-
where, until at last the mob arises and goes to
his headquarters. It there makes a demand,
disgraceful to them and to the age in which wo
live; asks the officer to proclaim martial law.
The answer given by him was not creditable
to his uniform or rank, but it was, perhaps,
just to the servile mob, clamoring for tyranny
to be established on their bended necks. He
tells them to go away, or he will give them the
martial law of grape and canister. These
are strange events in a land of law.
Mr. MAYNAED. If the gentleman will
allow rue to interrupt him, I will say that the
statement he is referring to has been denied.
Mr. VOORHEES. Be it so; but the Legis-
lature is not convened, and somebody is to
blame for this great scandal. And at last there
comes this morning a declaration of war. I
know not whether the intelligence is true or
false; I know not whether the Louisiana offi-
cials have acquired Mexican habits of issuing
proclamations for amusement and not for pur-
poses of battle. Be that as it may, the good
name of the whole country is disgraced j public
decency is outraged; the leader of one faction
proclaims that he will at agiven hour proceed
in battle array to open one branch of the Legis-
lature by force of arms. With due military
regard to the safety of non-combatants, lie tells
them to close their houses and placcs of busi-
ness and to keep out of the streets. This is
a declaration of civil war. This time it is not
a slaveholders' rebellion; it is a war of two
wings of a great and powerful political party.
Has it commenced? Who can tell me? I do
not know whether it has or not, but if this mat-
ter does not call for prompt action on our part,
then 1 can conceive of no outrage on American
soil that should challenge the attention of the
American Congress.
Sir, this trouble arises from the system upon
which Congress has acted in reconstructing the
South.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Before the gentle-
man passes from this point I desire to ask him
what Congress could do when it found the
facts to exist which lie has stated?
