1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
513
Mr. VOORHEES. Ah, do not ask me what
this Congress will do. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, what ought
it to do?
Mr. VOORHEES. In my judgment, it ought
to do many things connected with southern
affairs that even he, wiih all hts liberality and
strong sense of justice, which I recognize, in
his dealing with the southern people, would
not agree with me upon. There is much which
ought to be done which will alwajs be left
undone. I have been in the South this sum-
mer in connection with an investigating com-
mittee, and I assert that the worst govern-
ments in the whole world, without any excep-
tion, are the governments of the southern
States at this hour. There is nothing com
parable to them. They are unparalleled for
their iniquity, their infamy, and their out-
rages. Their law-makers are incompetent to
make' laws. With Legislatures four fifths of
whom can neither read nor write, and who pay
not even a poll-tax, enacting laws and levying
untold millions of taxes upon the property
of the States, what can you expect except the
worst government beneath the sun?
This state of things exists not merely in
Louisiana, but everywhere else in the South in
the States that have been reconstructed. In
Virginia it is true that matters are not so bad,
but she, too, has been plunged into an enorm-
ous debt since reconstruction commenced. It
is the fault of a pernicious system. You have
called into power an influence and a class
which would paralyze and destroy any State
that exists upon earth. In Louisiana to-day
it is a contest between two factions of the same
party, but there is this excuse for one of those
factions: that it represents the popular senti-
mentrebellingagainstunmitigatedand unbear-
able wrongs. The present State government
of Louisiana has crushed the people by force
of its infamous laws, and by the imposition of
taxes, until the instinct of resistance is too
strong to be longer repressed. I do not say
that the one party in this contest is better
than the other, or that one party would do
better in control of the government than the
other, but the Warmoth administration has
ruined the State.
To-day there is a debt of between fifty
and one hundred million dollars resting upon
the State of Louisiana and the city of New
Orleans. At last this administration of pillage
and crime has provoked the sentiment of the
State to resist it. You see this fact recognized
by Governor Warmoth's own conduct. When
a few days since the United States troops
ceased to pass back and forward from the
barracks of the Government to the Mechanics'
Institute of the city of New Orleans, when
they were told at a late hour from here to stay
in their quarters, and Governor Warmoth
found himself stripped of their support, he
then hastened to have repealed a list of ob-
noxious laws, a system of infernal and op-
pressive legislation. I say to the House that
I care little what becomes of either one of
these factions, but it does matter much to the
character of the American Government whether
a State shall literally disorganize itself and
dissolve into elements of anarchy. As well
almost might you install the Barataria bay
pirates again upon the coast of the Gulf of
Mexico as to allow these people their unbri-
dled sway. What the remedy is involves too
elaborate and too vast a question for me to
enter on now.
Upon some more fitting and appropriate
occasion I may submit my views upon that
subject. In my deliberate judgment the gov-
ernments have been built in the southern
States, if you will allow the expression, upon
the wrong end. The pyramid stands, not upon
its base, but upon its apex. You have founded
your governments upon the vice, upon the
ignorance, upon the irresponsibility of man-
kind j not upon the stability, not upon the
intelligence, not upou the classes that are re
42d Gong. '2d Sess.—No. 33.
sponsible for the peace, order, and welfare of
society, and now you are reaping some of the
fruits of your system. '' Do men gather grapes
of thorns, or figs from thistles?" No ; neither
will you gather the blessings of good govern-
ment from a system which has brought into
power and place the worst and most ignorant
classes of the human race. I allude not merely
to the black element of the South; I allude
also to the opportunity which your plan of
reconstruction gave to adventurers from the
North, and to the vicious and corrupt of all
races and from all quarters of the world. I
allude to that feature of your policy, disfran-
chising the intelligence and the virtue of the
Souih, which a distinguished gentleman from
South Carolina, a few days ago in this Capi-
tol, declared had made his State government
a disgrace to the civilized world. It is con-
fined, however, to 110 one State. The evils of
your legislation are spread broadcast through-
out all the South. It salutes the eye every-
where. Your failure to establish peace and
prosperity is universal.
Sir, I voted for this investigation because I
believed the subject could not be touched with-
out benefit to the public. I did not vote lor
it in any narrow partisan spirit, or merely be-
cause 1 believed it would injure your party or
benefit mine. I am not free from partisan
feelings, it is true ; but 1 trust I had higher
motives. I have 110 doubt that the faults of
your system of government will be exposed in
every investigation set on foot in that section.
I have been connected with one, as I have
already said, during the past summer. Per-
haps there are gentlemen 011 the opposite side
of this Chamber who expect to derive much
party benefit from the recent investigation
into the outrages in the South. In this they
will be mistaken. It is true there have been
ciiines there, crimes that have made my blood
boil with indignation when 1 heard their recital.
But when I traced them back to their causes I
found simply bad governments making bad
citizens. You made the governments, and
the consequences belong to you. When did
oppressive and corrupt governments fail 10
beget lawlessness and crime. If you expect 10
gain votes by these issues in the coming cam-
paign, you may lay aside that delusion. It will
not be so. While you will prove that individual
offenses have been committed, that in some
instances the courts have been paraljzed and
have not done their duty, while you will prove
midnight scourgings and whippings, and out-
rages of that hind, all of which I denounce
atid abhor, yet you will liud at the same lime
that by your policy and your system you had
all the powers of govei ninent, under your con-
trol; you had the courts, in which your judges
could not take a seat upon the bench without
taking your test-oath, and in which all the offi-
cials had to join him. The jurors belonged
to you, and all the officers of the courts were
under your control. You will find that instead
of their assisting to execute the laws of the
country, in many instances they stood in the
way ot their just administration. You will
find, in the case of the Governor of Georgia,
that out of four hundred and forty-six applica-
tions for pardon, he granted perhaps three
hundred and fifty; less than one hundred appli-
cations were denied. Pardons were granted
in many instances befoie trial. He armed
criminals with pardons in advance, that they
might go into court and plead them at the bar
and return free, again to prey upon society.
The people of the country will find in these
reasons which I have given powerful excuses
for the evils and liots and crimes that have
i prevailed, I am sorry to say, in some sections
of the South.
More than that, you will find taxation, the
worst curse of government that comes upon
mankind; you will find taxation which is a
scourge and a burden even when it is laid by
a good government and laid righteously. You
will find it there in the most flagitious, corrupt,
and devouring forms that the world ever saw.
You will find that the fat. cattle, well-fleshed
and favored, have been eaten up by the lean
and poor kine. You will find the whole land
swept of every green thing. Let gentlemen
from the southern States say what thev will to
uphold their State credit, yet almost, from the
Potomac here to the Rio Grande, State bank-
ruptcy universally prevails at this hour. You
may perhaps except Virginia, but when yon
strike the Carohnas and Georgia, and poor
little Florida, and turn your attention to the
ruined States of Louisiana, Texas, and else-
where, you behold them living and breathing
upon the indulgence of their creditors, who
have not yet forced them into absolute bank-
ruptcy. Their inability to meet their liabili-
ties is well known in financial quarters, and
they are now in many instances issuing new
bonds to pay the interest upon their bonds
already due. This tells the whole story, and
proclaims that form of repudiation which arises
not from dishonesty, but from abject poverty
and rum. And all this has been the work
of only six years and a half of your party
ascendency.
Why, sir, Georgia had no debt when the war
broke out. Eleven yeara ago, Mr. Speaker,
when you and I first met here, she owed
nothing. Under the old r6gime slaveholders
may have governed her ; " robbers of other
people's labor," in the language of the day.
may have held sway; but they did not steal
the public money. They doubtless had
their fiailties, in common with all mankind.
But from the days of the Revolution, until
the bitter and black cloud of war.fell upon
the land, Georgia was so governed that she
had 110 debt; she owed 110 man anything.
And when she emerged from the fiery con-
flict of war—when the rebellion closed—
if she had contracted any debt during the
days of the confederacy, it was wiped out at
the dictation of the Federal Government. So
that when the party in power took possession
of that State six and a lialf years ago, they
took her free from all liabilities.
But instead of having been elevated from
her impoveiished condition and restored to
prosperity, instead of having her towns rebuilt
and her railroads reconstructed, instead of
being kept free from debt and taxation, the
State of Georgia this hour has liabilities rest-
ing upon her that cannot be liquidated for less
than §50,000.000. This is the work (I say it
in no spirit of party bitterness) of your party,
the party that thought it had found the golden
key to national success in the system of so-called
"reconstruction." I never believed in that
system. It has not proved a success. It has
proved a Pandora's box of mischief and ruin.
It has covered the land with men who have
enriched themselves at the expense of the tax-
payers, who have broken down public confi-
dence and ruined whole States; and it has now
culminated in a civil strife between factions,
which have blocked the wheels of government
in one of the States of the Republic.
There stands that State to-day. Perhaps at
this moment blood is running upon her streets.
There she stands with her citizens menacing
each other, their hands upon their dagger-hilts
ready to strike at each others' hearts, it is the
end of six years and a half of Republican gov-
ernment. Gentlemen, are you content wiih it?
Can you go before the country atid as honest
mon say ''Our plan of government has borne
the fruits of peace, of honor, of prosperity,
and integrity." Can you say that with all the
powers ot this Government committed to your
hands you have restored that beautiful land
that lies under the southern sky to the pros-
perity with which you and I and all of us would
desire to see her blessed? Can you say so?
Not so, not so.
I do not wish to seek party advantage. I
have already said much more than I intended.
When this committee was raised the Speaker
did me the honor to ask me to serve upon it,
