1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4097
st. mary s falls canal.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 560) for the enlargement
of the St. Mary's Palls canal, in the State of
Michigan.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move the refer-
ence of this bill to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
public improvements.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 612) to facilitate the exe-
cution of and to protect certain public works
of improvement.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume it will be agreed
that this bill ought to go to the Committee on
Commerce. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ferry-boats, bonded cars, etc.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 659) relative to the entry
and clearance of ferry-boats and of bonded
cars passing from one State to another through
contiguous foreign territory.
Mr. LYNCH. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CONGER. This bill has the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Commerce,
and I hope it will be passed.
The bill was read. It provides that vessels
used exclusively as ferry-boats, carrying pas-
sengers, baggage, goods, wares, and merchan-
dise shall not be required to enter and clear,
nor shall the masters and persons in charge
of such vessels be required to present mani-
fests, nor to pay entrance or clearance fees,
nor fees for receiving or certifying manifests,
but they shall, upon arrival in the United
States, be required to report such baggage,
goods, wares, and merchandise to the proper
officer of the customs according to law.
The second section provides that railroad
cars or other vehicles laden with goods, wares,
and merchandise, sealed by a customs officer,
under the provisions of section six of the act
of July 28, 1866, and the regulations of the
Secretary of the Treasury, passing from one
port or place in the United States to another
therein, through foreign contiguous territory,
shall be exempt from the payment of any fees
for receiving or certifying manifests thereof.
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw my motion for
the reference of the bill.
The bill was passed.
brig delphine.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 8-37) to authorize the issue
of an American register to the brig Delphine.
The bill was read. It provides that there
be issued, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, a register for the brig Del-
phine, formerly a French vessel, but now
owned by Messrs. B. S. Rhett & Son, of
Charleston, South Carolina, and which vessel,
having been brought into the harbor of
Charleston in a damaged condition, was
ordered by the French consul at that port to
be sold at public auction, and was purchased
by said B. S. Rhett & Son, who have caused
the vessel to be repaired. But it is to be
proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
the Treasury that the cost of the repairs made
in the United States, after the purchase of the
vessel by the present owners, equals three
fourths of the entire cost of the vessel to Rhett
& Son, inclusive of amount paid for the
vessel at auction sale.
The bill was passed.
mail steamers for gulf of mexico.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 57) authorizing mail
steamship service in the Gulf of Mexico, be-
tween the port of New Orleans, Louisiana,
and certain ports in the Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. HOLM AN. I do not think it necessary
that this bill should be read. I ask that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 257.
Mr. SHELDON. Let the bill be read. I
think it ought to be passed.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No; it ought to go
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post-
Roads. It is all about carrying the mails.
Mr. SHELDON. A similar bill has been
considered by the Committee on Commerce
and reported to the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Road.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on the
suspension of the rules to pass the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it not in order to move
the reference of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order; but the
Chair recognized the gentleman from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Sheldon,] who desires the passage
of the bill. In proceeding with business on
the Speaker's table upon the conditions agreed
on, the question, when any controversy arises,
will first be tried upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. SYPHER. Is the bill open to amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. A motion to amend is
not in order pending a motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. HALE. Is there any subsidy in this bill ?
Mr. SHELDON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. How much?
Mr. SHELDON. One hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
The question being taken on suspending the
rules to pass the bill, it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It concerns the
carrying of the mails, and I move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Committee on Com-
merce have already had the subject before
them.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's
motion to refer to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
44, noes 57; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
where differences of this kind occur on a bill
that it be left on the Speaker's table, as it will
facilitate the paasage of other bills.
Mr. SHELDON. I am willing to agree to
that.
Mr. HOLMAN. This ought to go to the
Committee of Commerce, as it refers to com-
mercial questions.
The SPEAKER. It can only be reached
by a two-thirds vote, and it does not matter
whether it is referred to the committee or lies
on the table.
There was no objection; and the bill was
left on the Speaker's table.
alaska collection district.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 735) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to extend the laws of the United
States relating to customs, commerce, and
navigation over the territory ceded to the
United States by Russia, to establish a collec-
tion district therein, and for other purposes,"
passed July 27, 1868; which was taken up
and read a first and second time.
Mr. LYNCH moved to refer the bill to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
merchandise imported into wheeling.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 169) to amend an act passed
March 2, 1831, entitled "An act allowing the
duties on foreign merchandise imported into
Wheeling, Vicksburg, Cincinnati, Louisville,
St. Louis, Nasfeville, and Natchez to be secured
and paid at those placeswhich was taken up
and read a first and second time.
Mr. FINKELNBURG moved that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
alabama grand trunk kailroad company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 801) granting the right of
way to the Mobile and Alabama Grand Trunk
Railroad Company through and over lands
owned by the United States; which was taken
up and read a first and second time.
Mr. HAYS moved that it be referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
alabama district courts.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 328) in relation to the
district courts of Alabama; which was taken
up and read a first and second time.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
inventories of public property.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 910) relating to invent-
ories and accounts of the property of the
Un ited States in public buildings and grounds;
which was taken up and read a first and second
time. 9
The bill, which was read, provides that in
order to carry out more effectually the second
sectiou of an act entitled " An act to provide
inventories and accounts of the property of
the United States in the public buildings and
grounds belonging to the United States in the
District of Columbia," approved July 15,
1870, it shall be the duty of the officer or
officers having in charge the property of the
United States in and about the Capitol, the
President's House, and the Botanical Garden,
to furnish an annual statement to the architect
of the Capitol extension by the 1st of Decem-
ber in each year, setting forth the public prop-
erty in all the buildings, rooms, and grounds
under their charge purchased during each year,
and an account of the disposition of snch prop-
erty during the same period, whether by sale or
otherwise.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill passed.
promoted naval officers.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 897) in regard to the com-
mencement of increased pay to promoted offi-
cers in the Navy; which was taken up and
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, proposes to repeal
the clause in section seven of the act of July
15, 1870, "making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30,
1871, and for other purposes," which enacts
"that hereafter the increased pay of a pro-
moted officer shall commence from the date
he is to take rank as given in his commis-
sion ;" but if such officer shall have been pro-
moted iu course to till a vacancy, and shall
have been in the performance of the duties of
the higher grade from the date he is to take
rank, he may be allowed the increased pay
from that date.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committeeon Naval
Affairs have directed me to move that the
House pass that bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does it increase sal-
aries ?
Mr. ARCHER. It does not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It not only does not in-
crease them, but diminishes them very much.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the biil passed.
sauaii a. ward.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an aci (S. No. 729) for the relief of Sarah
A. Ward ; which was takei^ up and read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
