1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1409
to put it on this bill, and thereby prevent Con-
gress from acting on the matter hereafter, it
seems to me that it is perfectly idle. That is
the reason I object to it.
Mr. SHANKS. This applies solely to this
measure. It speaks of no other measure. It
does not reach out to take in any other bill. The
House will recognize that it does not take in
any other measure. While this particular meas-
ure is taken in, others are not. When the gen-
tleman from Missouri offered his amendment
he was told it did not cover the ground. I went
to the gentleman from Missouri, and we agreed
that this does cover it. Although that did not
cover it, this one does; and while that was
objected to because it did not cover the ground,
this is now objected to because it does. I will
not withdraw the measure, but hope the House
will adopt it.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise for the purpose of
offering a pro forma amendment.
Mr. HAY. I think we have reached a point
in this bill where we ought to have more dis-
cussion than we can have this evening.
Mr. SARGENT. I have the floor. I do
not object to the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri.
Mr. SHANKS. The gentleman has already
spoken, and I believe I am entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SARGENT. I have not yielded the
floor, and I trust the gentleman will permit
me to go through. I do not say by putting
this amendment in this place we put it where
it is entirely useless or inadequate to the neces-
sities of the service, if any such necessities
exist; but it seems to be brought forward by
the gentleman as an excuse for not having
done his duty heretofore, or as a sort of com-
promise with his conscience as chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs. Indian
affairs seem to have run riot here for several
years past, and almost the only limitation put
upon the extravagance or misuse of appropria-
tions has been by the Committee on Appro-
priations, which committee has come in here,
and in spite of the objections raised to its meas-
ures on the ground of their being new legis-
lation, it has succeeded to a very great extent in
guarding the rights of the Indians. If the
gentleman has any proposition which ought to
come from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
let it be submitted in proper shape, and it will
have, no doubt, proper consideration. But,
sir, this is not the place for any such-matter
as that which he has now presented.
Mr. SHANKS. What objection is there to
it? Why should it not come in here as well
as in any other place?
Mr. SARGENT. It is of no more use here
than a jewel in a hog's snout. The gentleman
seems to have become suddenly sensitive in
reference to his duty.
Mr. SHANKS. I will tell the gentleman
why I became sensitive about it. The gentle-
man remarked in my hearing that it was ped-
dling out our propositions.
Mr. SARGENT. I confess I made that
remark, and I consider it just.
Mr. HAY. I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and Mr.
Dawes having resumed the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Stevenson reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
under consideration, and particularly a bill
(H. R. No. 1654) making appropriations to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1872, and for former
years, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty-three minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 89.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Elizabeth
Jenkins, of Danville, Kentucky, widow of
Mathew Jenkins, a soldier in the war of 1812,
praying for a pension, together with the in-
dorsement of a large number of leading
citizens.
Also, the petition of Gray, Rodman & Co.,
and others, dealers in tobacco in Frankfort,
Kentucky, praying for uniformity in the
tobacco tax, and for speedy action of Con-
gress.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The petition of
Ann Wood, of Sandwich, Massachusetts, pray-
ing for a pension.
By Mr. COBURN: The petition of Ben-
jamin D. Alvord in relation to the appointment
of Paymaster General.
Mr. COGHLAN : The petition of Jesse Sut-
ton for confirmation of private land claims in
the State of California.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Nicholas
Dowling for a pension.
By Mr. DAVIS : The petition of William C.
Ridgely, John M. Richardson, and others, of
Brooke and Ohio counties, West Virginia,
remonstrating against a change of the exist-
ing tariff laws abating or abolishing- duties
upon such articles as are produced in this
country, and praying for the repeal of all duties
upon tea, coffee, and such other articles of
necessity and comfort as cannot be produced
in the United States.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Sibley,
Er.dicott & Co., William M. Hoyt & Co., and
118 others, business men of Chicago, Illinois,
protesting against any change in the existing
tariff upon foreign salt, and setting forth that
with resources for home production so abun-
dant and so widely distributed they deem it
highly unwise to adopt a line of policy calcu-
lated to make our nation dependent on foreign
countries for its supply of an indispensable
element of healthy animal life.
Also, the petition of C. A. Fargo, J. T.
Crawford, W. A. Chapin & Son, and 81 others,
citizens of Liverpool, Onondaga county, New
York, praying that such discriminating duties
be levied on all imported manufactures as will
render substantial protection to the labor of
American citizens.
By Mr. DUNNELL: The petition of L.
P. Heck and 31 others, of Minnesota, late of
the Union Army; also of H. P. Hawkins
and 48 others ; also of James A. Wright aud
30 others; also of Charles F. Curnmings and
15 others; also of Byron Chapman and 82
others ; also of Curtis B. Ames and 113 others;
also ot J. W. Bird and 28 others; also of
Walter N. Beard and 10 others; also of A.
H. Belding and 37 others, asking an equaliza-
tion of bounty.
By Mr. DUKE: The petition of Thomas
H. Allen and 00 others, citizens of Lynch-
burg, Virginia, representing that the trade of
all plug manufactures of tobacco in the entire
country is completely paralyzed by the uncer-
tainty as to what the rate will be fixed at, and
praying the Congress of the United States to
take up and act upon the question of the to-
bacco tax at the earliest day practicable ; also
representing that a uniform tax is absolutely
necessary to prevent the utter ruin of the plug
manufacturers.
Also, the petition, of Alexander McDonald,
of Lynchburg, Virginia, for the removal of
his political disabilities.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The memorial of
John Short, of Elgin, Illinois, asking arrears
of pensions.
By Mr. FARWBLL: A memorial in favor
of protection to American labor.
By Mr, FINKELNBURG: The petition of
George F. Mincke and 200 others, citizens of
St. Louis, Missouri, praying for a repeal of the
duties on tea and coffee, and such other articles
as can not be produced in the United States ;
also, the remonstrating against reduction of
duties on articles manufactured in this country.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of the soldiers, sailors, and marines of the
State of Ohio, who served in the armies of
the United States during the war of the rebel-
lion, for bounty.
By Mr. GE'l'Z: The petition of Henry N.
Smith, John Moyer, and 127 others, workers in
various industries, citizens of Hamburg, Berks
county, Pennsylvania, praying for a repeal of
the duties on tea, coffee, and such other arti-
cles as cannot be produced in the United
States, and remonstrating against any change
in the duties on articles which can be success-
fully produced in this country.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of G. W.
Webb, of Cleveland county, North' Carolina,
asking for a removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. HAWLEY : The petition of Cap-
tain M. Piggott and 967 others, citizens, of
Quincy, Illinois, praying for the passage of
a bill authorizing the construction of a railway
and wagon bridge across the Mississippi river
at Quincy, Illinois.
By Mr. HAZELTON, of New Jersey : The
petition of W. Fletcher and 134 others, work-
ers in Washington cotton mills and Glouces-
ter calico print-works, citizens of Caradea
county, New Jersey, praying for a repeal of
the duties on tea, coffee, and such other arti-
cles as cannot be produced in the United
States, and remonstrating against any change
in the duties on articles which can be success-
fully produced in this country.
Also, the petition of W. V. L. Seigman, for
a change in postal regulations.
By Mr. JONES: The memorial of C. E.
Willson and others, praying indemnity for
spoliation, committed by the French prior to
the year 1801.
Also, the petition of John Casey, late pri-
vate of company G, twenty-sixth Missouri
volunteers, for relief under pension laws.
Also, the petition of George W. Corey and
others, for reform of the postal laws.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of Parks F.
Mills and 46 others, workers in various indus-
tries, citizens of Manayunk, Philadelphia
county, praying for repeal of the duties on
tea, coffee, and such other articles as cannot
be produced in the United Stales, and remon-
strating against any change in tiie duties on
articles which can be successfully produced in
this country.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Edward
Ruddick, Alexander Sweany, John S. Greer,
aud 59 others, all ex-soldiers of the United
States in the late war, asking Congress to
enact into law the bill introduced by Hon.
M. D. Hanson to grant a land warrant of one
hundred and sixty acres of land to each hon-
orably discharged ofli-ei, non-commissioned
officer, and soldier in said war.
By Mr. KETCtlAM: The memorial of D.
L. Braine, commander United States Navy,
asking that the officers and crew of the United
States steamer Vicksburg shall be paid out of
the Navy pension fund their share of the
proceeds of seventy-eight bales of cotton taken
by them at sea, June 1, 1804.
By Mr. LANSING : A petition of the trus-
tees of the Oneida Savings Bank, for a repeal
of the tax on savings banks.
Also, a petition of citizens of Oswego, New
York, against the reduction of the duties on
foreign salt.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
M. Metzgar and 40others, workers in Brighton
paper-mills, citizens of Beaver county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for repeal of the duties on
tea, coffee, aud such other articles as cannot
be produced in the United States, and remon-
strating against any change in the duties on
articles which can be successfully produced iu
this country.
