1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2805
nished many valuable suggestions which have
been incorporated in this bill.
While the committee take no credit to them-
selves for the original preparation of this bill,
they have given to it the most careful consid-
eration, and have no hesitation in unanimously
recommending its passage as necessary and
expedient.
The Mint was originally established in 1792,
and located at the seat of the national Gov-
ernment, then at Philadelphia. The Director
of the Mint was its chief officer, appointed by
and subject only to the President of the United
States. When the seat of Government was
transferred to Washington, the Mint being
then, as now, centrally and advantageously
located, was not removed. Its location at
Philadelphia was continued from time to time
by Congress until 1828, when an act was passed
to continue it there until otherwise ordered
by Congress.
The first legislation giving the Treasury
Department any direct authority in connection
with the management of the Mint was in 1835,
when branch mints were authorized to be es-
tablished at New Orleans, Charlotte, North
Carolina, and Dahlonega, Georgia, and placed
under the general control and management
of the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia;
subject to the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury. The Director of the Mint at
Philadelphia was, by law, required to make
his annual report to the President, until 1856,
when it was provided that he should there-
after report to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Under existing laws the assay office at New
York is more directly under the control of the
Secretary of the Treasury, as the authority is
conferred on him to determine the number of
its officers and their compensation, subject to
the approval of the President of the United
States ; and unlike those at the mints and
other assay offices, the commissioned officers
at the assay office in New York were not sub-
ject to the confirmation of the Senate. By
the act of March 3, 1853, the Secretary of the
Treasury was vested with authority to regulate
all charges except the coinage charge imposed
on bullion at the Mint, the branch mints, and
the assay offices ; but at the mints at Carson
City and Denver this authority is vested in the
Director of the Mint at Philadelphia.
Other conflicting laws might be referred to;
but those cited are sufficient to show that there
is a division of authority and responsibility in
the management of this important interest
impairing the efficiency of the service, and
that a revision of the Mint laws has become
necessary.
Sections one and two of the pending bill
propose to rectify the evils growing out of con-
flicting laws and divided authority, by estab-
lishing the Mint as a bureau of the Treasury
Department, in charge of the Director of the
Mint; vesting in him, subject to the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, all necessary
authority for the proper management of the
different mints and assay offices. It isbelieved
this change will insure more economy and uni-
formity in conducting the business of these
institutions, with the advantage of having an
officer at the seat of Government whose busi-
ness it will be to make himself_ familiar with
all questions pertaining to bullion and coin-
age, and prepared to furnish prompt inform-
ation when called for by Congress or the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Sections three to eight of this bill define the
official organization of each mint, prescribing
the duty of each officer, the mode of appoint-
ing assistants and others employed, and re-
quiring records to be kept and vouchers to be
taken m regard to all monetary and bullion
transactions of the Mint. The office of treas-
urer of the Mint is abolished, the duties here-
tofore performed by that officer being con-
solidated with those of the superintendent of
the Mint. The existing laws vest in the Direct-
or or superintendent the appointment of all
42n fiosra. 2d Sess.—No. 145.
persons (except the regular clerks employed
in the treasurer's office) and of all workmen
in the "deposit melting-room," where the
preliminary assays of bullion are made, while
the treasurer, who gives heavy bonds, and is
responsible for their conduct and for the bullion
intrusted to them, has no voice in their selec
tion or appointment. This has been a source
of much trouble and complaint. By the pro-
posed consolidation of the two offices of super-
intendent and treasurer, that source of trouble
will be removed without impairing the security
of the depositors or of the Government, as the
assayer, who is not an accounting officer, is
substituted for the treasurer as the necessary
check on the superintendent.
The value of deposits is calculated and de-
termined on the assayer's report; it is there-
fore peculiarly appropriate that he should be
the check upon the superintendent. Another
advantage of the consolidation of the duties of
the treasurer witlrthose of the superintendent
is that the Assistant Treasurers of the United
States at New York, Philadelphia, and San
Francisco, when relieved from their duties as
treasurers of the Mint, branch mint, and assay
offices located at these points, will be able to
give their undivided attention to their duties as
Assistant Treasurers of the United States, which
is important in view of the very large increase
of business in their respective offices, arising
from thefinancial measures ofthe lastten years,
sufficient to employ fully their time and ener-
gies. Another reason for this change is that in
each of the three cases referred to, the offices
of Assistant Treasurer of the United State3 and
of treasurer of the Mint being tilled by the
same peison, an accurate count and examin-
ation at either office has been impracticable
without closing for a time both offices. In
former years the duties devolved upon the
superintendent by this bill have been satis-
factorily performed by a single officer at the
branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina, and
Dahlonega, Georgia, and one officer, the super-
intendent, now performs them efficiently at the
branch mint in Carson City, Nevada.
Under existing laws the appointment of the
assistants and the employment of workmen in
the departments of the assayer, melter, and
refiner, coiner, and engraver, are made by the
Director or superintendent of the Mint, and
the officer in whose department they are em-
ployed is pecuniarily responsible for them, but
has legally uo voice in their selection. This
bill provides that these appointments shall
hereafter be made on the nomination of the
head of the department in which they are to
be employed.
Sections niue, ten, and eleven provide for
temporary appointments in case of the absence
or sickness of an officer, and is the same as
section four of the act of January 18, 1837.
The provisions of the act of January, 1837,
are reenactcd, which require all officers, as-
sistants, and clerks to take the oath of office.
These sections also reenact the existing laws
requiring bonds and security from the super-
intendents, the assayers, the melter and re-
finer, and the coiners, but authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to increase the amount
of the bonds of some of these officers beyond
$10,000, that sum being the maximum amount
of any bond under existing laws.
Section twelve fixes the salaries of the
officers of the Mints and assay offices at the
same rates as provided under existing laws,
the only change being to pay them, and the
wages of workmen, monthly instead of quar-
terly.
Section thirteen defines the standard of fine-
ness for gold and silver com, making uo
change in the existing law, except to reduce
the quantity of silvei permuted to remain iu
the alloy of the gold coins, not to exceed one
tenth of tiie whole alloy, instead of one hah,
as now. This reduction to one tenth conforms
to the present daily usage ofthe Mint. Nearly
all gold of domestic production contains a pro-
portion of silver which naust be separated
before the gold is alloyed for coinage. _ This
operation is termed at the Mint refining or
parting. By the nitric acid method gold can-
not be economically refined above nine hundred
and ninety-three thousandths ; but by the sul-
phuric acid process it can be refined to nine
hundred and ninety-six. The depositor of
gold bullion for coinage, under the regulations
of the Mint, would not be allowed for the sil-
ver parted or recovered above nine hundred
and ninety. The unparted silver remains in
the gold,'and constitutes a part of the alloy,
enough copper being added to make the alloy
one tenth of the whole mass, which insures
uniformity iu the color of the gold coin. Under
existing Saws the practice has been not to allow
the depositor for any silver above nine hun-
dred and forty-nine, for the reason that such
gold bullion was susceptible, under the law,
of being converted into coin without further
parting, as the silver allowed to remain was
one half of the alloy ; but under the provis-
ions of this bill the depositor will be allowed
for all the silver up to nine hundred and ninety,
because the sdver allowed to remain as a part
of the alloy is reduced to one tenth, and will,
therefore, require all gold bullion to be refined
to nine hundred and ninety. —v
Section fourteen declares what the gold j
coins shall be, and their respective weights,
and makes them a legal tender in all pay-
ments at their nominal value, when not below
the standard weight and limit of tolerance
prescribed, and at a valuation proportioned
to their actual weight when below the stand-
ard weight and tolerance. Thus far the sec-
tion is a reenactment of existing laws. In
addition, it declares the gold dollar of twenty-
five and eight tenths giains of standard gold
to be the unit of value, gold practically hav-
ing been in this country for many years the
standard or measure of value^ as it is legally
in Great Britain and most of the European
countries. The silver dollar, which by law
is now the legally declared unit of value, V
does not bear a correct relative proportion
to the gold dollar. Being worth intrinsically
about one dollar and three cents in gold, it
cannot circulate concurrently with the gold
coins. The law of 1792, now in force, pro-
vided for the coinage of dollars^ or units,
each to be of the value of a Spanish milled
dollar, as the same is now current, and to
contain three hundred and seventy-one aud
four sixteenths grains of pure, or four hun-
dred and sixteen grains of standard silver."
The Spanish dollar of full weight then in
circulation contained three hundred and sev-
enty-four and seven eighths grains of pure sil-
ver , but the variation or error in fixing the
weight of the American dollar is said to have
arisen from assuming the average instead ot
the highest weight of any one oi the number
of pieces assayed for that purpose. As the
value of the silver dollar depends on the market
price of silver, Which varies according to the
demand and supply, it is now intrinsically
worth, as before stated, about three cents more
than the gold dollar. By the act of January
18, 1837, the standard ot the silver coins was
increased to nine hundred thousandths fine,
which reduced the weight of the dollar from
four hundred and sixteen to four hundred and
twelve and a half grains; the amount of pure
silver, however, remained the same, namely,
three hundred and seventy-one and one fourth
grains. The committee, after careful consid-
eration, concluded that twenty-five_ and eignt
tenths grains of standard gold constituting the
gold dollar should be declared^the lannej unit
or metallic representative of the dohar ofj
account. ,
This section also provides that the gold coins,
if reduced in weight not more than half of
per cent, on the double eagle and eagle, and
one per cent, on the other coins,-shall be re-
ceived at the Treasury of the United States at
their nominal value, under regulations to be
