462
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Elux Act—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
of Novogorod ; and so I would say, those who
wish to study a people, and understand their
institutions, their habils, and their character,
will go where they can see them at, their great
gatherings, see them in a mass, hear their
tones, see their faces, so as to measure what
sort of men generally they esteem them to be.
It was a great opportunity for the committee ;
one that can occur but annually ; and when
a similar invitation came from the officers of
the association and from the mayor of the
town that the committee should attend and
see with their own eyes what had been the in-
dustrial progress and actual condition of
Georgia, it was also declined by a majority
vote.
The same thing happened at Augusta.
Another fair was held there. Again th'e peo-
ple of Georgia came forward to exhibit them-
selves ; to exchange their kindly greetings one
with another ; to make comparison of their
various inventions and improvements. The
committee were asked to go there, too, and
learn something of Georgia. But no ; that
was not what they were sent there for, and
therefore the majority refused to visit these
places and know truly what the condition and
feelings of her people were.
Sir, the people of Georgia, everywhere that
we could hear and everywhere that we could
see, were at work in works of honest industry,
hard toil, with heart and with hand and head
all busy repairing the losses of the war, restor-
ing their shattered finances and dislocated
labor system. And remember, sir, all this
fidelity to honest labor, all this constant indus-
try, was in the face of the most dihhearteuiug
condition of political affairs. I shall not now
repeat the history of the action of Congress
upon Georgia. It is a thing of the past. I
will simply ask the Senate to consider licr
present condition, and to know whether they
will continue such measures as have only
proved baleful in their results to those com-
munities.
She had been all this time under a set of
rulers, either ignorant negroes or worse white
men in control, with State officials and Federal
bayonets at their back. During that period
the testimony of United States officers dis-
closed that the farmers of Georgia, the agri-
culturists, were constantly liable to have their
contracts with their negro laborers overhauled
and set right by some young officer who was
the judge and jury as to what should be done.
But, sir, the people of Georgia accomplished
their work; they built tlietr railways; they
restored their towns ; they built their cabins;
cultivated their soil with no aid from the Fed-
eral Government, but constantly under its
frowns. The honored sons of Georgia, the
trusted men of Georgia, the men whom to-day
the individual Senators of this body would go
to in any relation of life with full confidence
and personal respect, had no chance of being
heard here in Washington.
Oh, sir, I remember well in 1870, when the
then Governor of Georgia, thatdishonest and
rapacious scoundrel Bullock, came into this
Chamber, and how he flitted around among
the desks of Senators whispering slanders and
scandals against his people, which were heard
too often, and too credulously believed. At
that time the voice of a true born son of
Georgia would have produced no effect upon
the Senate, but a scamp and a robber was
heard here and his counsels were received,
and unhappily they were acted upon.
Sir, this committee in my opinion was sent
to Georgia to investigate the State, not the gut-
ters and the sewers of the State, not the ulcers
and sores upon the body-politic, but the State
herself, with all her great institutions, with
all her power, with all her machinery for law
and order. That was to be investigated ; that
was to be reported upon ; and that the major-
ity of the committee turned their backs upon.
Examine, if your time and patience will per-
mit, this mass of testimony, and you will find
that there was but a single man, or at most
two or three men of intelligence and position
who were called at all by the majority of the
committee for the purpose of ascertaining the
true condition of that State There were men
called before that committee to calumniate
the people of that State who were too foul
almost to be named. Well might the Legis-
lature of Georgia protest against having her
reputation committed to such bands.
The Senator will find at R^ge 108 the testi-
mony of a Mr. William C. Morrill, now of
Georgia, and lately of the State of Maine, a
distant relative, I believe, of the honored Sen-
ator who represents that State in part upon
this floor, and I believe hesayshe is also more
closely connected with the honorable Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill ] Mr. Morrill
had been in Georgia since the fall of 1865. He
was in the Army during the war, and came
there in 18G5 and instantly entered upon farm-
ing. He went into partnership in southwestern
Georgia with General Sheppard, of Maine,
and bought a plantation. General Sheppard
was also an officer of the Federal Army. They
held it for some years, but his health failing,
he became anagentof the Freedman's Bureau.
After that he was appointed collector of inter-
nal revenue, and since that time he has been
made treasurer of the Western and Atlantic
Railroad Company.
I need not say that Mr. Morrill was called
at my request. I knew that in order that
our testimony should have any effect on the
people of the North, who were to be affected
or intended to be affected by this testimony,
Republicans and norihern men should be the
chief witnesses called by me. I knew that a
southern man would have been suspected, as
the old fires Of war still lingered in the hearts of
too many men, and that the best way to obtain
credence and influence by this testimony would
be to call members of the Republican party,
northern men, officers who had been in the
Federal servicp.
This gentleman not only servpd well in
office, hut he now enjoys the confidence of the
people of that community entirely, as I learn,
and holds the responsible position of treasurer
of the Western and Atlantic Railroad Com-
pany. The account he gives of the people of
Georgia is that peace and order reign there ;
that men are safe; that the State has ample
nieans to protect all persons within her limits ;
that the necessity for martial law or extraordin-
ary proceedings by Congress in no sense exists.
Nay, further, denies the existence of this mys-
terious organization which is alleged to per-
vade the State, and says that during the whole
period of his residence in that State he has
never seen or known any such thing as bands
of armed or disguised men who have perpe-
trated violence. But I refer chiefly to his tes-
timony for the purpose of showing what manner
of men were called by the majority. A negro
preacher named Henry M. Turner had been
called before the committee, and his testi-
mony will be found at page 1034 of the second
volume of the Georgia testimony. Turner is
a bright, bold, mulatto man, who declares
himself to combine the business of preaching
and politics. His testimony was so marked
by recklessness, his manner and all so com-
pletely disgusting, that I refused to examine
him, and upon asking something in regard to
him after the committee had adjourned I
found out what his true character was, and I
called on this Mr. Morrill, of Maine, to speak
of who this negro bishop was and is, and at
page 1084 will be found his answer :
"Question. Was there a man ever connected with
the Ereedmerf's Bureau of the name of Henry-M.
Turner, a colored man and a preacher?
"Answer, lteally I do not know; I do not think
he was.
"Question. You know such a man?
"Answer. I know him very well.
"Question. Mr. Turner was examined before this
committee, and stated that he had been connected
with the'Kreedmen'sBurefiu, and had left it because
of somo disrespect toward him from officers.
"Answer. He may have been, but I never knew
that he was.
"Question. You know Turner very well ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. What is his general character and
method of life here?
"Answer. I think he is a great scoundrel.
"Question. Was a charge ever made against him
before you, as United States commissioner, of pass-
ing counterfeit money?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Did you hear the testimony in that
case?
"Answer. I did.
"Question. Did you cometo a conclusion in regard
to it at one time, so as to bind him over to answer?
"Answer. Not fully; the case came before me, and
for two days I heard evidence, and no defense was
put in at all.
"Question. Was he present?
"Answer. Yes, sir; but he had no evidence what-
ever. If the case had stopped there I certainly
should have bound him over. But he brought in
rebutting testimony that satisfied me that he was
not guilty.
"Question. At whose instance was that charge
brought against him ?
"A nsioer. Mr. Swazey.
"Question. Who is he?
"Ansuer. He is the editor of the Union, in Macon.
"Question. Does he hold any office at all in con-
nection with the Freedmen's Bureau ?
"Answer. I believe he did while I" was planting,
though I did not know him at that time."
On the following page:
"Question. You say his personal character is bad?
"Answer. The evidence before me, in the case that
I beard, satisfied me that he is a very bad man.
" Question. Do you remember a certain letter that
was produced at that time, written by Turner to a
colored preacher, inclosing him a free pass over tho
State road, which Turner had obtained tor him, and
which letter contained exceedingly lascivious and
licentious remarks?
"Answer. I do.
" Question. Would you care to repeat the language
of that letter ?
"Answer. No, sir; I do not think I would.
"Question. Was it of an exceedingly gross and
indecent character?
"Answer. It was the most obscene language I ever
saw written in my lile.
" Question. Was it such language that any respect-
able religious man could have used under any cir-
cumstances?
"Answer. No,sir; nor any other man. Totellyou
the fact about it, Mr. Turner was appointed post-
master.
"Question. Where?
"Answer. At Macon,
" Queer ion. By whom?
"Answer. By tho President.
" Question. Do you mean President Grant ?
"Ansiver. Yes, sir; through the influence of Mr.
Sumner, I think. And alter this testimony carno
out—I knew nothing of him before that—I carried
that letter on and showed it to Mr. Creswell, and
had him removed right away."
I saw a copy of that monstrous letter, and I
should have felt it unworthy of myself and
disrespectful to the Senate and to the country
to have putsuch a vile communication in print.
Subsequently a Judge Carleton B. Cole, an
elderly gentleman, venerable in years and char-
acter, the judge of the circuit in which this-
man Turner lived, and from which he had
caused himself to be elected to the Georgia
Legislature, was summoned by me for the
purpose of disproving a great many statements
made by Turner in relation to a contested
election there, to show the condition of the
community, and, more than that, to show
Turner's character, in order that the people
of the North and the Senate might see the
kind of men brought to swear away in secret
the good name of a State in the absence of
those who should protect it. The testimony
of Judge Cole will be found at page 1182 of
the Georgia testimony. He was asked by me
to describe the proceedings at this election
which Turner bad alleged to be most dis-
orderly and full of intimidation, a regular Ku
Klux riot, according to his account. Judge
