514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
and I agreed to do so. I intended to go to
New Orleans and do my duly to the best of
my ability. Private affairs as well as public
duties have, however, so pressed upon me that
I have been compelled to ask the Speaker to
relieve me, and send in my place some one
who will do the work required perhaps much
better.
It has been said that the Legislature of
Louisiana has not called upon Congress for
intervention. How can the Legislature call
when it cannot convene? Anarchy is there;
lawlessness is there; murder is there; rebel-
lion is there, i cordially thank the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] for
bringing the question before us in the shape
in which it has been presented.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
sought the floor at the time it was occupied
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] for the purpose of making a single
statement. What has been said by the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] may
induce me to add to what I then intended to
say a remark or two. What I did desire to
say before the gentleman spoke who has just
concluded was simply this: that with that
unscrupulous license and want of fair play
which has characterized most of what has beep
said against the President of the United States,
there has been said in regard to this matter
that he, as was remarked by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,J opposed
and sought, for bad personal reasons, to sup-
press this proposed investigation. Now, sir,
it was hy an accident thatl happened to know
personally how exactly opposite to the truth
that cruel statement is; that when tho whole
land was ringing with the accusation by a
portion of the press of the country of the
character I have stated, that our distinguished
Chief Magistrate was trembling lest iuvestiga-
tion injurious to him and his should bo started
i on the way, he was struggling that it should
be started, as I slate to the country and to the
House from my personal knowledge, a knowl-
edge, however, which 1 obtained without seek-
ing, and by a mere accident.
Now, then, that being said, it was all I had
intended to say, so that gentlemen may go for-
ward with this investigation on the other side
of the House, with the assurance they will be
acting in the exact line of extreme solicitude
and anxiety and craving of the President of
the United States.
I am induced, Mr. Speaker, by a remark
or two which fell from the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Voobiikes,] and which he said
with that care to avoid hardness of statement
which distinguishes his remarks generally, and
which I will try to imitate, to add one word
further. He said that he would desist from
mating any statement, or rather from entering
into any discussion ot what the mischief is
which lies at the bottom of this enormity in
Louisiana, but which, he said, is one of the
family which our policy has brought about. 1
wish the gentleman from Indiana had taken a
few moments of his time in being more explicit
on that caidinal elementaly principle of his
which he did state, but did not define, to wit,
that we had set governments 011 their wrong
end; that we had set the pyramid upon its
apex. It would have taken but a minute to
state what that meant in the language of the
other side of the House. Does it mean, sir,
that when we have put the governments of
these States on the votes of all the people, that
is putting them upon their apex? Does the
gentleman mean by that to say we shall turn
around now and set back the dial of time and
take away the votes from any portion of the
people of this Republic who now hold the
right of suffrage under the reconstruction laws
of Congress and the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States?
Mr. BECK. You do not do that.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If he proposes
that, it will take but a moment to say so. If
the design is to lay an accusation against the
Republican party that they have placed the
power of voting in Louisiana with all the peo-
ple, it will take but a moment of the gentle-
man's time to say that.
Mr. BECK. I can answer the question of
the gentleman from Ohio, if he will give me
an opportunity to do so.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I cannot yield.
Mr. BECK. I only desire to answer the
question in behalf of my friend from Indiana.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. When I get
through with another sentence or two I will
yield.
Mr. BECK. I only want to answer the
gentleman's question. He does not give the
right of suffrage to all the people.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, now
let me say, once for all, right here, that I
want to know whether they propose to take
away the right of suffrage from the black men
of the Republic?
Mr. ELD RIDGE. No; but we propose to
give it. to the while men as well.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If that is not
what gentlemen mean by setting up the Gov-
ernment on its apex, then what is it?
Mr. ELDRIDGIi. If the gentleman will
yield to me I will tell him.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will presently,
but not now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor and declines to yield.
Mr. SHELLABARGER 1 want now to
allude to the phenomena which we have seen
lately ill regard to this matter of reconstruc-
tion to which the gentleman has alluded. I
say, in the light of all history, that they are
phenomena, and that each one of them is a
phenomenon wholly unexampled in human
history. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Voorhees] has alluded to the late war with
an eloquence to which I always listen, even
now when my blood has got used to eloquence,
with interest and almost with a thri l when he
was pointing to the desolations of our late war.
The first phenomenon to which I wish to
refer is the condition in which we came out
of the war. All, sir, we came out of that
war—how? With at least ten magnificent
States in ruin, every part and particle, from
dome to foundation, pillar, architrave, all,
all in unutterable ruin and confusion; and
the problem was how would we build them
up again. Three alternatives were presented.
One was to base their reconstiaction upon
the suffrages alone of those whose hands were
yet, without a figure of speech, diipping at
their finger-ends with the blood of our lost
patriots. That we might have done and ex-
cluded all black men. Or we might have
based the governments ot those Slates upon
the votes of the blacks alone. That we might
have done without violating any of the princi-
ples indicated to us by the history of all gov-
ernments as to their methods of disposing of
treason. But we did not do that. We based
the governments upon the suffrages of all, and
the result to day is that the leader of the Dem-
ocratic party in this House says that in taking
that course we put the Government on its
apex. Now, that is one phenomenon which we
had before us—that phenomenon of ruin and
that work of reorganization, and we went at it
as well as we could with all the huge difficulties
that lay in our path.
The other phenomenon, Mr. Speaker, is this;
I allude to it with satisfaction and with grati-
tude; it has reference, sir, to ihe position of
that black race to whom we gave the right to
vote. No Republican ever was found on the
floor of this House to declare that it was not a
misfortune that the important right of suffrage
should be intrusted to ignorant men, whether
they be black or white. That is always and i
over will be a calamity. Ignorance, with the
right of suffrage, is and must be a calamity, 1
and nobody has ever said aught to the contrary, j
either in this House or elsewhere. But, sir,
while that had to be, while those three hun-
dred years of slavery and of oppression to
which Mr. Lincoln so grandly alluded when
he spoke of that compensation which we must
pay back—for each drop of blood drawn by tho
lash, one dravfn by the sword—when those
three hundred years of slavery and oppression
had done their work, and left us this race,
ignorant by no wrong of its own, while they
were ignorant they were patriotic, and that is
the point to which I wanted to direct gentle-
men's minds. It unlocks this whole difficulty.
If the educated.men of New Orleans, of Louis-
iana, and of the South will only deal fairly
with the uneducated patriotism of the black
men, I will venture my life 011 the assertion
that the difficulties of the South will be dis-
sipated within an hour. Their ignorance
makes them the more easy dupes of bad men.
But let those who are educated, let those who
have led rebel armies like this man Carter,
deal with simple fairness with those unedu-
cated patriots, and the mischief will be mended.
But the phenomenon to which I wish to allude
is, that that ignorance is passing away. Ah,
sir, I congratulate myself, I congratulate you,
and I congratulate the country, thatin the his-
tory of men there has not been such a phe-
nomenon as this one—the rapidity with which
the black men, if the Ku Kluxes wiil but let
the school-houses alone, are being educated to
a standard when their ignoram e will no longer
make them the dupes of bad and designing
men.
Mr. BECK. In five minutes I will try and
say all that I wish to say on this question at
present. The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Voorhees,] being too hoarse to reply to the
question addressed to him, asked me to say a
word in reply. I will tell the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] wherein he and his
friends put the pyramid upon its apex. He
says they enfranchise all men. That is not
true. They disfranchised very large 1111111-
bersof the intelligent classes in all those States
hy their reconsiruction acts, and put the
ignorance of the States over them, backed by
needy, worthless, and corrupt adventurers, who
Iraroed constitutions and installed themselves
in all the offices, usurping; all the functions of
government in thoseStat.es. They not only did
that, but after the constitutions were accepted
by Congress, under their registration and elec-
tion laws very few white men were allowed to
register or vote in many of the southern States,
and the x-egistrars had the right: and exercised
the power, to strike the names of those white
voters in such numbers as suited them off the
list at their will and pleasure. All file election
officers, police, ballot counters, and those who
certified to results, were Radicals, imposed on
these people by Congress. I11 Louisiana, ifthe
registrars were not severe enough, the melio-
politan police could report names, and 011 their
say so have them stricken off the list. Not only
did they disfranchise the white voters, but. th<-y
generally selected as the victims of their perse-
cution and vengeance the intelligence of those
States. That seemed very much like setting the
pyramid on its apex. Congress sent down, or
rather induced, a set of men of the \ ilest and
most worthless character, camp followers and
bureau agents, to take possession and control
of'these ignorant negroes. They instilledmto
their minds hatred against the whites by every
art and wile; they made them believe that
they would be put back into slavery if they
did not follow the political lead of the carpet-
baggers. They promised them to divide the
property of the whites among them, and
incited them to commit the foulest crimes,
telling them that matches were cheap, and
that robbery and arson were not offenses.
These men were the creatures of Congress.
Why, sir, when the people of Alabama de-
feated the State constitution, and all the
officers who were candidates under it in
accordance with the law of Congress itself,
