2306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury
for the protection of the Government against
fraudulent abrasion or other practices. Such
coins have always been received at the Gov-
ernment offices, and are therefore current by
common consent in all individual payments.
It has been deemed expedient, however, to
provide a legal limit which shall furnish a rule
for the guidance of the Government offices.
Provision is also made for recoining any gold
coins now in the Treasury which are of less
weight than the limit prescribed for their re-
ceipt at the Government offices.
Section fifteen authorizes the exchange for
silver coins at par of any gold coins now in
circulation which are reduced in weight by
natuial abrasion below the limit prescribed,
but prohibits the exchange as to coins which
bear evidence of artificial or fraudulent redac-
tions. These provisions are necessary to keep
the gold coins, which are the measure of value,
in good condition as to their weight, date,
legends, and inscriptions; and as the natural
wear of coins in a given number of years can
be estimated with reasonable accuracy, it. will
not be difficult for the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to protect the Govern men t against receiv-
ing coins which have been fraudulently dimin-
ished in weight, by requiring that they shall
have been issuedfora certain number of years,
which is readily ascertained by the date they
bear.
The subject of the weight below which coins
should cease to be a legal tender was exam-
ined and elaborately reported on by a select
committee of the Senate in 1830 ; but no legis-
lation took place, in view probably of a pro-
posed reduction in the standard of the gold
coins, which was finally provided for in 183-1,
and which more than covered any depreciation
in the coins then in circulation. Under the
limit of reduction in weight provided for in
this bill, it is estimated that the eagle and
double eagle would continue in circulation as
a legal coin for fifty to seventy-five years, and
the smaller gold coins, which abrade more
rapidly, would circulate for twenty to thirty-
fi£e years.
f Section sixteen reenacts the provisions of
existing laws defining the silver coins and
their weights respectively, except in relation
to the silver dollar, which is reduced in weight
from four hundred and twelve and a half to
J three hundred and eighty-four grains; thus
T making it a subsidiary coin in harmony with
the sliver coins of less denomination, to secure
its concurrent circulation with them. The
silver dollar of four hundred and twelve and
a half grains, by reason of its bullion or in-
trinsic value being greater than its nominal
value, long since ceased to be a coin of circu-
lation, ana is melted by manufacturers of sil-
verware. It does not circulate now in com-
mercial transactions with any country, and the
convenience of those manufacturers in this
respect can better be met bisupplying small
stamped bars of the same sSndard, avoiding
the useless expense of coining the dollar for
that purpose. The coinage of the half dime
is discontinued for the reason that its place ia
supplied by the copper-nickel five-cent piece,
of which a large issue has been made, and
which, by the provisions of the act authoriz-
ing its issue, is redeemable iu United States
\fiurrency.
Section seventeen provides that the alloy
of all the minor coins shall be composed of
three quarters copper and one quarter nickel.
The alloy of the present three and five cent
coins is in the same proportions, and this bill
authorizes a one-cent coin of the alloy. The
weight of the three and live cents is not
changed, and the weight of the piece of one
cent is to be in proportion to them. There is
no good reason for continuing tiie issue of
minor coins of two different alloys, especially
as some inconvenience is experienced in work-
ing both of them at the same time ia the Miut,
where gold and silver is constantly being
manipulated. The amount of minor or token-
coins now in circulation is not less than eight
million dollars in nominal value, neariy twelve
millions having been issued since 1793; and it
is believed that the quantity nowin circulation
will be sufficient for some years to come. Au-
thority is therefore vested in the Secretary of
the Treasury to suspend this coinage when-
ever there is evidence of its being redundant.
Section eighteen provides that no coins other
than those prescribed in this act shall here-
after be issued. The effect of it is to discontinue
the coinage of the one and two cent bronze
coins.
Section nineteen reenacts the provisions of
existing laws in relation to the legends, in-
scriptions, and devices of the coinage, and
restores the motto, "Epluribus unwm." _lt
also authorizes any one of the prescribed in-
scriptions in raised letters on the rim of the
gold and silver coins, for their better protec-
tion against fraudulent reduction of the weight.
Sections twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two,
and twenty-three contain substantially the pro-
visions of existing laws, authorizing the deposit
of gold and silver in exchange for refined, or
for unparted bars, or for bars of standard fine-
ness, and for the deposit of gold bulliou for
coinage.
It provides that the fitness of the bullion to
be received shall be determined by the as-
sayer, and the mode of melting by the melter
and refiner; and makes it lawful to refuse any
bullion so base as to be unsuitable for coinage.
These provisions seem necessary for the pro-
tection of the Government, as well as to protect
the melter and refiner against the loss and
inconvenience of refining bullion containing a
large proportion ofbase metals, which should
be treated at metallurgical establishments
rather than at the Mint.
Sections twenty-four and twenty-five are re-
enactments of existing laws for the assay of
bullion.
Section twenty-six reduces the charges for
coinage to one fifth of one per cent., but re-
enacts the provisions of existing laws in regard
to the other charges. From the best infoima-
tion to be obtained the actual expense of coin-
ing gold does not exceed one fifth of one per
cent., and the committee, in adopting that rate,
were of opinion that it is neither just nor sound
policy to impose a charge in excess of the
actual expense of coinage. It is claimed, aud
apparently with good reason, that the present
charge of half of one per cent, for coining is
so high as to operate as a tax on bullion and
encourage its exportation to Great Britain,
where it is coined without charge, and where
the only loss is that arising from a delay ot
about two weeks in delivering the coin for the
bullion deposited; the British mint holding no
bullion fund, as m our Mint, out of which to
pay depositors for their bu" .ion as soon as its
value is ascertained by assay.
Section twenty-seven requires theassayer to
verify all calculations or computations of the
value of deposits, and to countersign the cer-
tificate for the depositor, which is required to
be made by the superintendent. This check
on the superintendent is substituted for the
calculation of the value of the deposit made
at present by a clerk of the treasurer, and it is
believed to be a decided improvement of exist-
ing laws.
Sections twenty-eight and twenty-nine are
substantially reenactments of existing laws in
relation to the purchase of silver bullion, but
require the purchase to be made by the super-
intendent instead of the treasurer of the Mint.
The existing laws provide that silver coins
shall be paid at their nominal value in ex-
change for gold coin; but it has been the prac-
tice to issue the silver coin in exchange for
silver bullion, though the nominal value of the
silver coin exceeds the intrinsic value of the
silver bullion about five cants per ounce. In
other words, silver coin of the nominal value
of $125 in gold is exchanged for one hundred
ounces of silver bullion of the intrinsic value
of only $120 in gold. Under this practice the
depositors of silver had the benefit of the
seigniorage. .
Prior to the suspension of specie payments in
1861, silver coins appear to have been issued
in excess of the requirements of the public,
and were at times sold at a small discount from
their nominal value, probably for the reason
that they could be obtained at the Mint at less
than their nominal value. The principle or
system of issuing silver coin at their nominal
value, in exchange for gold only, is undoubt-
edly the correct one, as it gives the Govern-
ment the benefit of the seigniorage, and restrains
their issue to the wants of the public for these
subsidiary coins. A proviso, however, has
been added to this section, authorizing the
present practice to continue in force for two
years from the 1st of July next, to meet the
special requirement for the subsidiary silver
coins in commercial transactions with some
of the South American States. This provis-
ion, however, applies ouly to the Mititat Phila-
delphia and the assay office at New York.
Sections thirty and thirty-one reenact the
laws now in force relating to the purchase
of metal for the minor coinage after adver-
tising for bids, and requiring the lowest and
best bid to be accepted, the fineness of the
metal being determined by the Mint assay.
It is provided that the gain hereafter aris-
ing from this coinage shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States; the expenses
for labor in the manufacture of this coin to
be paid from specific appropriations made by
Congress, instead of being paid as now out
of the money received for the coin, without
any restriction by law on the expenses.
Sections thirty-two and thirty-three make
no change in exisring laws regulating the
transfer of bullion to the melter and refiner,
or the assay of ingots.
Section thirty-four reduces the deviation
from standard fineness allowed on gold ingots
from two thousandths to one thousandth ; and
on silver ingots from three thousandths to
two thousandths. When the present devi-
ations were originally fixed the art of assay-
ing had not been brought to its present per-
fection. The present practice of the Mint is
not to approve gold ingots that vary more
than half of one thousandth, or silver ingots
more than one and a half thousandths, from
the standard fineness.
Section thirty-five requires the melter and
refiner to prepare all bars for the payment
of deposits, and to deliver them to the super-
intendent, after their fineness has been ascer-
tained and stamped on the bars by the assayer.
Section thirty-six requires the delivery of
ingots to the coiner to be made by the super-
intendent, instead of the treasurer, the latter
officer being discontinued. It provides, also,
for vouchers being taken in these deliveries.
Section thirty-seven makes no change of
existing laws, except to reduce the deviation in
the weight of the half eagle from one half to
one quarter of a grain ; a tolerance on this
piece equal to that on the eagle and double
eagle being deemed unnecessarily large. A
reduction is also made of the allowance in
weighing a number of pieces together in the
delivery by the coiner to the superintendent,
and by the superintendent to the depositor.
The present, allowance by law is three penny-
weights (equal to $2 79) on one thousand
double eagles; two pennyweights (equal to
$1 80) on one thousand eagles; one and a
half pennyweights (equal to §1 39) on one
thousand half eagles ; one pennyweight (equal
to ninety-three cents) on one thousand quarter
eagles; aud a half pennyweight (equal to
forty-six and a half cents) on one thousand
gold dollars.
By this section the allowance or deviation
in weighing a number of pieces together is
one hundredth of an ounce (equal to eighteen
and six tenths cents) on two hundred and fifty
