4098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
to Sarah A. Ward, widow of tlie late com-
mander James H. Ward, of the United States
Navy, the sum of $5,000 in full and complete
compensation and satisfaction for the past and
future use by the United States of an improve-
ment in naval gun-carriages invented by James
H. Ward.
Mr. HOLMAM. I hope there will be some
explanation given by some member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs with regard to
this bill.
Mr. HILL. In reply to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] I will state that Com-
mander James H. Ward, who, while in com-
mand of his vessel on the Potomac, was killed
in an engagement with the enemy on the 27th
day of June, 1861, invented an improvement
in the naval gun-carriage, which was partially
introduced upon our naval vessels during his
life-time, and the superior merits and value of
which are fully vouched for by many of the
most experienced officers in the Navy. It is
not the gun-carriage that is now generally used
in the Navy, but it is the foundation of that
carriage, combined with an improvement in-
vented by another person, which improvement
would be comparatively valueless wxcept as
connected with Commander Ward's invention.
The committee of the Senate which exam-
ined this matter make this statement:
"The committee have carefully inquired into the
merits of this case, and have come to the conclusion
that there should bo, on the part of the Govern-
ment, some compensation to tho widow of Comman-
der Ward for the benefit to the naval service from
his invention. Had the invention been fully intro-
duced into naval use, the committee would be of
opinion that a much larger compensation might,
with propriety, bo made than they feci justitied in
recommending under existing circumstances. But
as tho invention has been only partially introduced
into the Navy, and is supplemented by an improve-
ment invented by another, the committee are of
opinion that the Government can well atford to pay
to the widow of Commander Ward, and ought in jus-
tice to pay to her the sum of $5,000 in full for the
past and future use in the Navy of Commander
Ward's invention, and they accordingly report tho
accompanying joint resolution in her favor," and
recommend its passage."
Mr. ARCHER. This bill has never been
considered by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
I hope it will not pass. I will move to refer it
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HILL. I hope the bill will be passed.
It has been three times before Congress.
The question being taken on suspending the
rules and passing the bill, there were—ayes
twenty-seven, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not having voted ill favor
thereof) the rules were notsuspended to allow
the bill to be passed.
Mr. ARCHER. I now move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have been asked whether
any action was taken upon this bill by the
committee. I will state that I examined it
myself, but we did not act upon the bill in the
committee ; and T have no authority to speak
for any member of the committee in regard to
it. I formed my own judgment upon it.
Mr. HILL. It has been twice reported by
the committee.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to the bill being referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and that order will be made.
Sometime subsequently,
Mr. ARCHER said : 1 withdraw my objec-
tion to the bill for the relief of Sarah A. Ward.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill was passed.
SKTTLEllS BU11NKD OUT IN WESTKUff STATES.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 546) relative to homestead
settlers burned out in the States of Minnesota,
Wisconsin, and Michigan.
The bill was read. In its preamble it sets
forth that fires, in extent unparalleled in the
history of the country, burned through the
newly settled parts of the States of Minnesota,
Wisconsin, and Michigan, during the autumn
of the year 1871, whereby many homestead
settlers lost their dwellings and all of their
personal property, and many were burned to
death, and many others were so burned as to
disable them from labor during the winter,
and rendered unable to rebuild, and occupy
their lands within a period of six months after
the fires had driven them from their home-
steads ; the bill therefore provides thatall such
persons occupying homestead claims under the
laws of the United States, on lands of the Uni-
ted States, and the heirs of such persons who
were burned to death, who were burned out in
the year 1871. in the States of Minnesota, Wis-
consin, and Michigan, shall have until the 1st
day of January, 1873, to rebuild on and
reoccupy said homestead lands; and that
when said homestead claimants shall prove up
their claims, such period of time until tlie 1st
day of January, 1873, shall be included in the
five years' time which they are required by law
to reside on said lands, in the same manner as
if such homestead claimant had actually
resided thereon during said period of time.
The bill in its second section provides that
in all cases where the person having a home-
stead claim under the laws of the United
States, in the States of Minnesota, Wiscon-
sin, and Michigan, shall have been burned to
death or perished from the effects of such tires,
it shall be lawful for the heirs or the guardian
of any children which may have survived said
fires, or the administrator of the estate of said
deceased homestead claimant, to prove up
said claim before the register of the land office
of the proper district, and upon proof of the
occupation and residence of such homestead
claimant, up to the period of so being burned
out, a patent shall be issued to said heir or
heirs, or guardian for the use of such heir, or
administrator for the use of such estate, in the
same manner as if such homestead claimant
had resided thereon for five years.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the bill be put upon its
passage.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill was
passed.
HOUGIITON AND ONTONAGON RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 918) to change the direc-
tion of the road authorized by the act approved
June 3, 1856, from Ontonagon, in the State
of Michigan, to the Wisconsin State line, and
for other purposes.
The bill was read. It provides that the
State of Michigan be empowered to authorize
the relocation of the road surveyed and lo-
cated under the act approved June 3,1856, from
Ontonagon, in the State of Michigan, southerly
to the Wisconsin State line, so as to extend
the Houghton and Ontonagon line of railroad
to the terminus of the Northern Pacific road
on Montreal river; and that said act of June
3,. 1856, and several the acts supplemental
thereto and amendatory thereof, be applied to
the said line of railroad extended by this bill
westward to the Montreal river; provided that
if' said entire line of railroad shall not be fully
completed, in the manner required by law on
or before the 20th day of May, 1878, all the
lands belonging to that portion then unfinished
shall revert to the United States; and pro-
vided further, that the act shall not be con-
strued to grant any additional quantity of
lands to said State in aid of said railroad;
and provided further, that upon the reloca-
tion of the line of said railroad, and the filing
of a map or maps thereof with the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and before
the act shall take effect, the said State of
Michigan shall relinquish to the United States
all claims to the land on the original line, not
within the limits of the new line, and when so
relinquished, it shall be the duty of the said
Commissioner to offer the same at public sale
in the usual manner. •
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the bill be passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe it is in order to
move to refer this bill.
The SPEAKER. It will be, i£ the House
does not pass it. The Chair must, in the first
place, submit the question on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is an entirely new
branch.
Mr. McCORMFCK, of Missouri. The Com-
mittee on the Public Lands has had the bill
under consideration, and has reported ou
it favorably.
The question being put on suspending the
rules and passing the bill, there were—ayes
51, noes 45 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Sutherland and
Mr. Holman.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 81, noes 50.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I demand the yeas
and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes five ; not a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were refused, and (two
thirds not having voted in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended to allow the passage
of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. With leave to re-
port at any time.
Mr. STEVENSON. Oh, no.
Mr. DUNNELL. This matter has been
before the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. STEVENSON. And the committee
differed about it.
The rules having been suspended, (two thirds
having voted in favor thereof,) the bill was
read twice, and referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to renew my motion
in reference to the tariff and tax bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his motion.
tariff and tax bill.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to take up the bill
and to ask the House to non concur m all the
amendments, excepting two or three which
may be indicated by gentlemen as those upon
which they desire a vote without debate.
The SPEAKER. They had better be indi-
cated in advance, so that the motion will be
definite.
Mr. DAWES. I myself desire a vote on
two of the Senate amendments, that in rela-
tion to the rate upon tobacco and that in rela-
tion to the rate upon whisky.
Mr. RANDALL. The proposition of the
Senate is to get rid of every indirect tax upon
whisky.
Mr. DAWES. That is what it means. This
rate is intended as an equivalent for all the
taxes now imposed.
Mr. RANDALL. The Senate amendment
entirely wipes out other obnoxious taxes on
whisky.
Mr. CONGER. The printed bill is not here
for distribution, and we cannot proceed intel-
ligently with its consideration.
The SPEAKER. The printed bill is here
and ready for distribution.
Mr. DAWES. The time is very short. The
Senate committee are waiting ia order to have
action in committee of conference. There are
one hundred and foity-seveu amendments all
told. It is impracticable for use to go through
with them in the House, but such important
amendments a3 gentlemen feel desirous of hav-
ing a vote upon, of course, if they will indi-
cate them, the House can have a separate vote
upon them.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that we had better have a separate vote
on the amendment in relation to bonded ware-
houses; I desire to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendments in re-
lation to whisky and tobacco will be reserved.
