1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4099
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
a vote upon agreeing with the Senate in strik-
ing out our provision for the collecting of one
third of the customs duties in greenbacks,
which I see the Senate has stricken out.
Mr. BURCHARD. Most of the amend-
ments of the Senate to this bill I think the
House would concur in without debate.
The SIJEAKER. The Chair understands
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] to be to suspend the rules
and non-concur in the amendments of the Sen-
ate, excepting those in relation to the tax on
whisky and tobacco, and that in regard to
bonded warehouses.
Mr. DAWES. I will say to my colleague
[Mr. Boiler] that the House having voted
very strongly on the amendment to which he
refers, of course the committee of conference
would be instructed precisely by that vote as
they would be by a renewal of the vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to reserve a sepa-
rate vote on the amendment of the Senate to
the ninth section.
Mr. BURDETT. I want a separate vote
upon the amendment of the Senate in relation
to the duty upon pig lead.
Mr. TAPFE. So do 1.
Mr. VV. R. ROBERTS. The House put
licorice on the free list, but the Senate has
put it among those articles on which the tax
is reduced. It is a matter of justice to the
tobacco manufacturers of the country that our
amendment should be adopted, and I think we
ought to insist upon it.
Air. DAWES. I do not know who will be
on the couference committee, but I understand
this law to govern a committee of conference,
that they shall insist, so far as they can, on
carrying out the wishes of a majority of the
House as expressed by its votes. Of course
nobody expects committees of conference to
adhere implicitly to the votes of the House,
because there could be no such thing as a con-
feience on any such understanding. A con-
ference report must be made up by mutual
concessions.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Well,_ I ask for a
separate vote on the amendment in relation to
licorice.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will submit his motion with the
exceptions he desires to make.
Mr. DAWES. On all matters that the
House has voted on after discussion it is hardly
worth while for us to go over the ground again.
The matters in relation to internal revenue
are in a different position, and upon those
important and leading points that I have indi-
cated I desire myself, as all members of the
House would, to have an expression of the
views of the House. The tariff part of this
bill was thoroughly discussed, and the views
of the House, as expressed upon that part of
the bill, have already been indicated. It is
impossible to go through all that again, and it
does not seem to me to be wise to undertake
to do so. Of course I must yield if the House
insist upon it.
Mr. KERR. I desire to make one or two
suggestions.
Mr. DAWES. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. KERR. In addition to what has been
said by the chairman, I desire especially to
have a vote of the House on the Senate amend-
ment to section three of the House bill. The
effect of that amendment (and I state this
not by way of argument but by way of fact
merely) is to impose a duty of ten per cent,
on tea, and it may be on coffee and all articles
of that kind when imported from east of the
Cape of Good Hope.
Mr. DAWES. The attention of the House
has been so directed to that feature of the bill—
and the Committee of Ways and Means were
unanimous on their own amendment, and the
House was unanimous upon it—-that 1 do not
see how a committee of conference could be
anymore instructed than they are upon that
point. That is my view of the matter.
Mr. KERR. If it is understood that they
are so instructed, I will not ask a separate
vote on that amendment.
Mr. DAWES. They could not be more
instructed if there was a new vote.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not under-
stand that a committee of conference can be
instructed.
Mr. DAWES. When I say tlxey will be
instructed, of course I mean that they are
instructed in a parliamentary sense by the
vote of the House, which they will recognize.
A committee of conference must be free, or
else it is not a parliamentary conference ; and
no committee instructed at all, otherwise than
in that parliamentary sense, would be met by
a committee on the part of the Senate. I
only spoke of it as suggesting to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that he must see
that no new vote could impress that matter
upon any committee more than it is now.
message from t1ib president.
Sundry messages in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States were communicated
to the House by Mr. Portbr, his Private
Secretary, who also informed the House that
the President had approved and signed bills
of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1091) for the relief of
Charles A. Weidner;
An act (II. R No. 1192) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1210) granting a pension
to Nathan Morgan;
An act (H. R. No. 1343) supplementary to
an act entitled '"An act for the apportionment
of Represesentatives to Congress among the
several States according to the ninth census
An act (H. R. No. 1410) for the relief of
Albert W. Gray;
An act (H. R. No. 2400) granting a pension
to Margaret Riley ; aud
i An act (H. R. No. 2833) to increase the
capital stock and to extend the works of the
Washington Gas-Light Company.
order of business.
Mr. BURDETT. I desire to state that upon
the matter of pig lead no vote was had in the
House, and there was no instruction given in
regard to it. 1 insist lhat a separate vote
shall be taken upon that amendment of the
Senate ; and I ask that those of the West who
stand up tor protection shall not be smitten
upon about the only industry of the mining
kind that they have.
Mr. DAWES. In reply to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Buedett.] I desire to state
that the reason there was no vote 111 the House
upon that matter was because the House bill
passed as it stood sub silentio; that is, nemine
coiitradicente, every member agreeing to it.
Now, can the gentleman from Missouri cxpeet
to get a stronger vote than the original one
upon that subject? It is perfectly apparent
that if we go over this matter a second time
we shall not be put in as good a condition as
we are now in regard to every matter pertain-
ing to the tariff. I think that, with the excep-
tions I have named, everybody ought to be
satisfied with the condition of things as they
will be submitted to a committee of confer-
ence. At any rate I will adhere to my motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will again
state his motion.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move to suspend the rules
so as to order that all the amendments of the
Senate to the tariff bill be non-conpurred in
except those with regard to the rate of tax upon
spirits and tobucco and the amendment with
reference to bonded warehouses, aud that these
three amendments be voted on by the House
without debate.
Mr. KERR. I would like to make one more
suggestion. Gentlemen will observe on page
36 of the printed bill an amendment very
important in its nature and which has hitherto
never been considered by the House. In
my judgment it is an exceedingly dangerous
provision. It is a proposition to give to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue the right
to require all distillers to adopt any new appa-
ratus or device which he may think proper to
approve as an attachment to their machinery.
Mr. DAWES. I agree fully with the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kekr. ]
Mr. KERR. Then let us have a separate
vote on that.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts proposes non-
concurrence in that with other amendments.
Mr. BECK. 1 would like to have a separate
vote upon the Senate amendment striking out
section ten of the House bill whereby one
third of the customs duties was allowed to be
paid in the currency of the country.
Mr. DAWES. Did not the gentleman hear
what I said to my colleague on that point ?
Mr. BECK. No, sir, I did not; there was
so much confusion.
Mr. DAWES. I stated that no conference
committee could be instructed, in a parlia-
mentary sense, any more by a new vote than it
would be by the original vote.
Mr. BURCHARD. I ask the chairman of
the committee [Mr. Dawks] to allow us a vote
upon the Senate amendment with reference to
paper. I desire the House to concur.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit
the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. It is that the rules be so suspended
that all the amendments of the Senate be non-
concurred in excejjt those fixing the rate of
tax. upon tobacco and the rate of tax upon
spirits, and the provision in regard to bonded
warehouses, which shall be submitted to a
separate vote without debate ; and that then
the bill be sent to a committee of conference.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to include lumber as one of the
items to be separately voted on ? The Senate
has increased the duty.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield further.
The question being taken oil the motion of
Mr. Dawes, there were—-ayes 149, noes'7.
So (two thirds having voted iu favor-thereof)
the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Dawes]
will now indicate the amendments on which
a separate vote is to be taken.
Mr. DAWES. The first is on page 35 of
the printed bill, where the Senate has changed
the rate of tax upon whisky from sixty-five cents
to seventy cents. Seventy cents is an equiva-
lent for all taxes. Sixty-five cents was an
equivalent, for all taxes except,the tax on sales.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not seventy cents an
increase ?
Mi-. DAWES. After a very careful calcu-
lation 
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I move a concurrence in
the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out " sixty-five " and insert" seventyso
it will read -.
That tlie act entitled An act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,'
appioved July 20,1SWS, be, and the same is hereby,
auieudod as follows:
That Hec-tion one be amended by striking out the
word " fifty," and inserting m lieu thereof the word
"seventy."
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
97, noes 41.
Mr. ELDREDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
