4100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Mr. YOUNG demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative)
the amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The next amendment on
which a separate vote has been asked is to be
found on page *71.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out" twenty " and insert" twenty-four;" so
it will read:
That section sixty-one be amended by striking out
all after the second paragraph, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following words: "on all ^ chewing
•and smoking tobacco, fine-cut, cavendish, plug
or twist, cut or granulated, of every descrip-
tion ; on tobacco twisted by hand or reduced into a
condition to be consumed, or in any manner other
than the ordinary mode of drying and curing, pre-
pared for sale or consumption, oven il prepared
without the use of any machine or instrument, and
without being pressed or sweetened; and on all
fine-cut shorts and refuse scraps, clippings, cuttings,
and sweepings of tobacco, a tax of twenty-four cents
per pound."
Mr. DAW$S. I have no motion to make,
but submit it to the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend that
amendment by making it sixteen cents a
pound.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
93, noes 54.
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative — yeas 135, nays 53, not
voting 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Barnum, Beck,
Bigby, Biggs,Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair, Brax-
ton, Bright, Buckley, Burdett, Koderick R. Butler,
Caldwell, Campbell, Coburn, Comingo, Conger, Con-
ner, Crebs, Critcher, Crocker, Crossland, Darrall, l>e
Large, Dickey, Box, Du Bose, Buell, Duke, Eames,
Eldredge, Elliott, Ely, Farnbworth,Fa,rwell, Forker,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz,
Giddings, Golladay, Goodrich, Hainbleton, Han-
cock, Handley, Hanks, Harmer, Harper. George E.
Harris, John T. Harris, Havens, Hay, Hays, John
W. Hazelton, Hereford, Herndon, Hill, Hotanan,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcham, Killinger, King,
Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Lewis, Manson, May-
nard, McClelland, McCormick, McIIenry, Mclntyre.
McJunkin.McNeely, Mercur, Morrick, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Ncgiey, Niblack,
Packer. Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Aaron F.
Perry, Piatt,Price, Prindle. Bainey, Randall, Read,
Edward Y.Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Rob-
erts, "William R. Roberts, John Rogers, Sion H. Ro-
gers, Sargent, Scotield, Sheldon, Shober, Shoemaker,
Slater, Sloss,Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Ste-
venson, St. John, Swann, Taffe, Terry, Thomas,
Twichell, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell, Wake-
man.-Waldron. Wallace. Warren, Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, Williams of New York, John T. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Young—-135.
NAYS—Messrs. Ainbler, Ames, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Beatty, Bell, Austin Blair, Brooks, Buffin-
ton, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Clarke, Cotton,
Dawes, Donnan, Dunnell, Finkelnburg, Wilder D.
Foster, JBYye, Garfield, Hale, Ilawley, Gerry W.
Hazelton, Hibbard, Kerr, Lowe, Lynch, MeCrary,
McGrew, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morphis, Orr,
Packard, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker. Perce, Peters,
Poland, Rusk, Sawyer, Slocum, Worthington C.
Smith, Sprague, (Starkweather, Stoughton, Wash-
ington Townsend, Tyner, Walden, Wells, and Wil-
liams of Indiana—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Barry,
Beveridge, Boles, Carroll, Cobb, Coghlan, Cox,
Creely, Davis, Griffith, Haldeman, Halsey, Hoar,
Hooper, Houghton, Kinsella, Leach, Marshall, Mc-
Kee, McKinney, Mitchell, Morey, Eli Perry, Por-
ter, Potter, Robinson, Roosevelt, Seeley, Sessions,.
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherwood, H. Boardman*
Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, Thomas J. Speer,
Storm, Stowell, Strong, Sutherland, Sypher, Dwight
Townsend,Turner,Tuthiil, Upson,Voorhees, Walls,
Wheeler, Willard, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—52.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. TYNEE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Wilson , of Indiana, had left the Hall to have a
tooth extracted, antl had requested him to
make this statement.
Mr. LAMISON stated that Mr. McKinney
was paired with Mr. Upson, who would vote
in the negative, while Mr. McKinney would
vote in the affirmative, and that the pair ex-
tended to all political questions during their
absence
Mr. STEVENSON stated that Mr. Cox
was still detained at home by severe indisposi-
tion.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
next amendment on which a separate vote has
been asked.
The Clerk read as follows :
Page 87 strike out" six " and insert " twelve;" so
it will read as follows: , .
All tobacco and snuff now stored in any export
bonded warehouse shall, on and after July 1, 1872,
be subject to the same tax that is provided by this
act, and shall, within twelve months after the pas-
sage of this act.be withdrawn from such warehouse
upon payment of the tax, or for export under the
regulations of the Commissioner of internal Rev-
enue now in force concerning withdrawals of tobacco
and snuff from bonded warehouses. And any tobacco
or snuff remaining in any export bonded warehouse
for a period of more than twelve months after the
passage of this act shall be forfeited to the United
States, and shall be sold or disposed of for the benefit
of the same, in such manner as shall be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
adding the following proviso to come in after
the words "bonded warehouses," in line four
hundred and seven.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, under such rules and regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may prescribe, may establish at
such places as he may deem expedient bonded ware-
houses to which tobacco may be transmitted in bond
from the manufactory for storage, not to be with-
drawn therefrom until the tax thereon shall have
been paid.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
against the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] that it isjust pre-
cisely what the two Houses have agreed not to
do. They have agreed to abolish the bonded
warehouses. The only difference between them
is whether this shall take effect in six or in
twelve months. They have agreed in this very
section to abolish the bonded warehouses by
repealing the section of the internal revenue
law which authorized them. The only differ-
ence is that the withdrawal of the goods from
the bonded warehouses, which the House said
must be done within six months, the Senate
say must be done in twelve months. That is
the only difference between the two Houses.
Now, my friend from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] proposes to add to that a reestablish-
ment of the bonded warehouses, which the two
Houses have agreed to abolish.
The SPEAKER. That is a legislative argu-
ment which may be very conclusive, but it is
not a parliamentary one.
Mr. DAWES. My point is that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee is not
germane to the amendment of the Senate.
That is what I have been trying to say.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I were allowed, like the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
to inject a legislative argument into the dis-
cussion, I have here the section of the exist-
ing law, which shows that the warehouses
which the gentleman speaks of are export
warehouses. This is a different thing alto-
gether.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not rule
out the amendment on the grounds stated by
the gentleman from Massachusetts. It is a
question for discussion.
Mr. DAWES. When the two Houses have
distinctly declared that they will not have a
thing 
The SPEAKER. Non constat that they
would not vote for that thing to day because
they would not vote for it yesterday.
Mr. DAWES. But it is not in order for us
to undertake to create a difference where the
two Houses are agreed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will call the
gentleman's attention to the fact that the rules
distinctly say that it is not a parliamentary
point that an amendment may be inconsistent
with what has previously been done.
Mr. DAWES. I know that there is no rule
against being inconsistent. That is the inalien-
able right of the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I protest against the gen-
tleman trying in this way to get in a legislative
argument against my amendment.
The SPEAKER. Are separate votes desired
on the amendments of the Senate and on the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynakd?]
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to concur in the
amendment of the Senate with the amend-
ment I propose.
Mr. DAWES. I will ask for separate votes
on the two amendments.
Mr. BURCHARD. Let the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee be again read.
Mr. Maynard's amendment was again read.
Mr. MAYNARD. My motion is to concur
in the amendment of the Senate with that
amendment.
Mr. BURCHARD. Where does that amend-
ment come in?
The SPEAKER. Where does the gentle-
man from Tennessee desire to put his amend-
ment?
Mr. MAYNARD. After the word "ware-
houses," in line four hundred and seven.
The SPEAKER. To what amendment of
the Senate does the gentleman attach it? It
is only in order now to attach that amendment
to an amendment of the Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. To the amendment of
the Senate making the time twelve months, in
which I move to concur.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's amend-
ment must be directly attached to some amend-
ment of the Senate, otherwise it would not be
allowable under the joint rules of the two
Houses.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to remark on the
question of order that the Senate have amended
the paragraph ending with line four hundred
and fourteen. Now the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] proposes to concur in
the amendment of the Senate to the paragraph
by adding a proviso to the end of the para-
graph.
The SPEAKER. The case being as stated,
that would not necessarily enforce the right
to do so. Here is a very long paragraph which
the Senate have amended in a single word,
while they agreed to all else in it.
Mr. MAYNARD. My idea was that, as
the amendment of the Senate applied to a
single sentence, I could not well make the pro-
viso except at the end of the sentence, begin-
ning on line three hundred and ninety-nine
and ending with line four hundred and seven,
providing for the disposition of tobacco now in
the tobacco export warehouses; and I pro-
pose to accept the amendment of the Sen-
ate with the further proviso that the Com-
missioner shall be allowed to provide bonded
warehouses not for export.
The SPEAKER. The line of amendment
between the two Houses is very restricted, and
very properly so. The Senate have changed
in this section the word "six" to the word
"twelve." Every other word in the section
they have agreed to. Now, the gentleman
may move to amend in any respect that is ger-
mane to that change of the Senate. In no
other respect can it be done.
Mr. MAYNARD. I submit that it is ger-
mane, because this paragraph is disposing of
the tobacco that is in the export bouded ware-
houses.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman wili
observe that with the single exception of the
date, the change of six months to twelve
months, the two Houses are now in agree-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is another amend-
ment of the Senate, and that is in relation to
the amount of the tax on tobacco at this mo-
ment in bond in export bonded warehouses.
They provide the rate of tax it shall pay, and
