8204.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
out of wells, if in the cities it runs through
pipes, yoa keep up a duty of two and three
quarter cents per pound on the lead of the
pipe, and of thirty-five per cent, upon the
brass faucet through which yon draw it; and
upon the very water-pail in which you bring
water, upon the iron hoops upon those pails
you levy a duty of from one and a quarter to
one and three quarter cents per pound. That
will do for the present; more hereafter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. What is the use of having
iron mines? What is the use of having coal
beds ? What is the use of having furnaces,
forges, rolling-mills, and workshops of any
kind? What is the use of doing anything in
the way of developing the resources of the
country? What is the use of keeping public
schools, and having children go to them, and
paying their parents such wages for their work
that they cau keep them there ? Why, sir, they
do not do that in England. They do not do
it in Ireland, with which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. BiiooksJ draws contrasts.
Why should you have your working people
well clothed and well housed? What is the
use of it, as the gentleman says about all these
various protections? What is the use of rais-
ing the laboring people above the idle, unem-
ployed, and ragged bog-trotter? What is the
use of having them at work, when they could
be living idle in your work-houses and alms-
houses, as fourteen hundred thousand British
citizens are to-day ?
1 ask again, what is the use of all this? If
you will answer me that it is to make your
country great and powerful, to make her citi-
zens prosperous, then you answer all the ques-
tions put by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. BitooKS.J Tho use ol' imposing tlie
duties to which the gentleman refers is pre-
cisely that of enabling us to develop our re-
sources, to people our country by bringing
hither the oppressed of all lands, bringing
here their hopes, their aspirations, their skill,
their genius, and under our free institutions
becoming men themselves, and making en-
lightened American citizens of their children ;
making our country what tins decade, when it
shall close, will show it to be, the foremost
nation of the world in productive industry, in
internal commerce ; and also, at the rate our
imports and exports have increased and are
now increasing, and with the decadence of
Great Britain going on rapidly as it is, fore-
most in foreign trade.
These are tlie uses of free tea and coffee,
and high duties upon those articles in which
the ill-paid laborer of Europe could compete
with the American artisan m any department
of life. 1 think I have shown the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] that there is
some use in something, at any rate.
Mr. WOOD. 1 had supposed that we had
discussed this question of free tea and free
coffee, that we had acted upon, and that it was
entirely disposed of. Both Houses have
passed a bill making tea and coffee free, and
the President lias approved the bill; and there-
fore it is really not a proper question for dis-
cussion at this time. I have not risen, there-
fore, for the purpose of rediscussing a ques-
tion which I thought was disposed of by Con-
gress. 1 desire to say a word in reply to my
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. BicokJ who ex-
pressed very great surprise at finding me, as
he says, acting with the protectionists of
Pennsylvania in favor of protecting their pig
iron.
Now, sir, I am really and in fact but follow-
ing the example of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, who is upon the record as having in the
month of March, 180<J, voted directly with me
upon tins question on a resolution introduced
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,]
proposing to put these articles on the free list.
But because I believe, and have so stated to
the House, that in reducing imposts we should
look to the interests of the great body of the
consumers of the country; because I have in
following this rule selected these articles, tea
and coffee, as proper to be placed upon the
free list, the gentleman thinks I am acting in
the interest of the protectionists. Well, sir,
if I were unkind enough to retort in that same
spirit, I could say that the motive which
prompts him is to protect a certain class of
articles imported by English importers in the
city of New York, who are very great free-
traders provided the duty is taken off the arti
cles they import. They care not how high the
duty may be upon everything else that comes
into the country, provided the duty on their
particular articles be reduced so as to enhance
their profits and increase their enormous
wealth. I do not represent any such people.
I am here to represent to the best of my ability,
upon a question of this character, the people
of the whole United States. I am not to be
controlled, nor frightened, nor coaxed from
the discharge of my whole duty according to my
understanding and according to my conscience.
The importers of New York cannot influence
my vote. The people of my own district can-
not influence my vote against my own sense
of right and justice and duty to the whole
American people. Therefore, I say again that
while I believe the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] has upon this question discharged
his duty in the same spirit of independence as
I have discharged mine, I might, if I wished
to reply to liini in the spirit in which he has
assailed me, retort by saying that I am not the
agent of English importers, but 1 am the rep-
resentative of the whole people, whose inter-
ests are at stake in tins question.
Mr. COX. I desire to make a remark in
reply to what has fallen from my honorable
colleague, [Mr. Wood.] Ho has made a sort
of attack upon the importers of New York.
1 do not represent them any more than he
does. 1 represent a class of people whose
commodities are cheapened by having less duty
oil imported articles ; and whenever we make
a fight here for importers we make a fight for
the body of the people, who, so far as we re-
duce the tariff, are enabled tobuy cheap goods.
I have no concern in the quarrel between the
gentleman from Kentucky and my honorable
colleague, because I have consistently voted
against taking oil' the duties upon tea and
coffee. Why ? Why have gentlemen from
Pennsylvania circulated petitions all through
the iron and coal districts for the abolition of
the duty on tea and coffee? Why is it that
tlie protectionists always come forward in favor
of free coffee and free tea ? It is because,
Mr. Chairman, as we all know by this time
through the discussions which have arisen
here, that wherever we reduce the actual
revenue—wherever we take off a duty every
dollar of which goes into the Treasury—it gives
these cormorants of protection a greater show
hereafter to keep up their large tariffs upon
iron and steel, and such articles.
Just look for a moment at the effect of this
abolition of the duty upon tea and coffee. It
is especially pertinent to discuss this in view
of what fell from the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes, J in opening the debate.
He said that over seventeen million five hun-
dred thousand dollars of revenue had been
dispensed with by reason of the abolition of
the duly on tea and coffee.
Mr. DAWES. 1 gave that as the amount
of the reduction by the proposed free list, in-
cluding tea and coffee. The amount on tea
and coffee alone is $15,800.
Mr. COX. That is enough for my purpose.
The $15,800 which we have been deriving as
an animal revenue from tea and coffee has
gone into the Treasury. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] comes here and
talks about the Irishman and about this land
of ours which receives all men "flying from
oppression;" yet he would vote to keep the
tax upon potatoes at twenty-five cents a
bushel. [Laughter.] That is a part of his
scheme for a "free breakfast table!" He
would keep up the duty on wheat and barley.
The only articles which he would put on the
free list are sauer-kraut and bologna, and very
little of these seems to be imported. [Laugh-
ter.]
But the main point in this debate is that
these men from Pennsylvania (I will not say
my colleague from New York) propose to con-
tinue to collect $60,000,000 annually upoa
iron, hammered and unrolled—railway iron.
Sixty-eight million dollars is the amount of
the enhanced price paid by consumers of such
iron under the present tariff; on steel, $6,750,-
000; on copper, $4,200,000; on wool and
woolen fabrics, $94,000,000 ; on cotton fab-
rics, $75,000,000 ; on materials for boots and
shoes, $18,000,000; on printing paper, over
twelve million dollars; on salt, $4,200,000;
on coal in the New England States and New
York alone, some eighteen ornineteen million
dollars; making in all $306,340,000 paid to
these monopolists in order to get some sixty-
eight, million dollars into the Treasury, and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania proposes to keep
up that system, and in order to keep it up more
effectually, he would strike down pure eco-
nomic revenue coming from tea and coffee. I
have been all the time in favor of retaining the
tax on those articles.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KElill. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, in that vein of argument
which always clings to him and characterizes
all he says, has undertaken to inquire of this
House, iu a spirit of ridicule, what use there
is in this country for iron ore, for steel, for
furnaces, for forges, for mills of any kind?
Why does the gentleman ask a question of
this sort? Is it because he wants the House
to gather from what he says that the country
is indebted for all these things to protection,
to bounty, to robbery of the people, in order
to enable a few men in Pennsylvania or some-
where else to open coal mines, or iron mines,
or a bed of ore of any kind? It is time the
Representatives of the people should let the
people know that to protection they are in-
debted for none of these things. They exist
by the generous gift of God Almighty, and
their development is due to the labor, toil,
sweat, and energy of the people of the United
States, and that development has come in
spite of protection ; not because of it, but in
spite of it, and but for the burdens imposed
by protection would have been tenfold greater
to-day than it is. And for this I can refer to
the experience of other nations, which expe-
rience he attempts to ignore, or to belittle,
or to keep concealed. But he cannot suc-
ceed. The people read and reflect. They
are not mere gudgeons, to be used to pay trib-
ute to a few. They know that the successful
experience of any nation in a great matter of
public policy is worth a thousand-fold more
than the interested outcry of bounty-fed om-
nopolists. I intend for myself to be honest
with my people, with all the people, and to
know no favorites in making laws.
Mr. Chairman, what it is that disturbs the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellby]
and those who cooperate with him is not jhat
we are unwilling to take any tax from the peo-
ple, but it is because we want to take the
bounties from the backs of people. We are
willing they shall pay tax, and all honest men
want to pay tax to support the Government;
but they do not want to pay bounties. They
do not want to make contributions to the rich
men of the country, who are rich enough
already. We do want to make our country
great and powerful. We want to make it
great and powerful by developing the greatness
of our resources, capacities, and institutions.
But we do not wish to make it great by com-
pelling its oppressed sons of toil to pay both
taxes and tribute. We want to repeal tribute,
bounty, and to continue honest taxes, lhat
is what the intelligent people want.
