1872.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
465
42d Cong....2d'Sbss«'
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
SEX ATE.
my opinion, and no npcesaity for supposing
that anything like the combination described
in the fourc,li section of the act. of 1871 can or
will even probably exist in the State of Geor-
gia, or in the State of Florida,those two States
being those which 1 personally visited, and in
regard to which I profess myself better ac-
quainted.
I have adverted to the low character and
tlie unfit character of the witnesses called by
the majority of the committee to describe
intelligently the condition of the State of
Georgia ; that from their want of acquirement.,
from their position iu the social scale, they
were disqualified to speak of the general con-
dition of affairs ; that even where they spoke
of the details of their own personal sufferings
their statements were to be received with a
large amount of caution, because they were
superstitious, alarmed people, speaking also
under the influence of a strong feeling of re-
venge dud a general desire to produce trouble
against those who tliey thought had wronged
them. Therefore it was that I deprecated
and do now the employment of such testi-
mony taken in secret for such a purpose as
was designed.
But there was another and a worse class,
less numerous but more dangerous, those who
curry favor with the Government officials and
the Ad-ministration at Washington by vilifying
their fellow-citizens and terrorizing them by
the name and use of the (Juited States Army.
As a specimen of this class, I refer the Senate
to the testimony of one John C. Norris, of the
State of Georgia. Norris was summoned by
the sub-committee which s/it here in Washing-
ton, and'gave his testimony at length, which
was filled with denunciation and reckless abuse
of the entire State of Georgia. Subsequently,
other citizens were called by the minority men
of high positions on the bench and at the bar,
and it was disclosed that Norris was a man of
disreputable character and not. to be believed
on his oath. He had been impeached in courts
of justice before the war, arid his conduct since
had not been of a character to redeem him from
the discredit then cast upon him.
When I learned Noma's character, and
found him frequenting the committec-rooin
and sitting closi! and constantly by the ear of
the cb irinan, I objected to his presence. I
stated, w'hen I IiPard these things, that he was
not the man that a committee of the Congress
of the United States should apply to for inform
ation in regard to such momentous matters as
were committed to our charge; but 1 was told
by the chairman " that these rebels would
blacken the name of any loyal man." 1 then
applied to the officers of the-United States
Army, who had been in Georgia on duty Tor
the last two years, and although, their 'exam-
ination was long postponed, 1 filially was en-
abled to procure their statements under oatb.
The testimony of Lieutenant Todd, of the Uni-
ted States Army, is to be found (it page 1108,
and that of Lieutenant JBoyt at 'page 111G.
Those gentlemen had been on duty in Georgia
for a period of a year and a half or more, and
are there now, under the command of General
Terry, I believe. By the testimony of those
officers the Senate will appreciate how odious
a character this man Norris was, and how
exceedingly unsafe it was for the committee
to lend a credulous ear to any statements he
might make again pt the people of Georgia.
At page 1100 will be found Lieutenant l'odd's
testimony about Norris, which 1 will state in
substance to be tjbis: Norris bad been a shoe-
maker before the1 war, and'had not pursued that
horrest calling diligently, and had gotten into
discredit. After the war ended, tie availed
himself of the enfranchisement of the negroes
to ingratiate himself with them, and by their
votes and the disfranchisement of the whites
he succeeded ia being elected sheriff of the
42d Cons. 2b Sess.—No. 30.
county of Warren where he had lived, arid 1
where he never could have hoped except, in a ;
period of revolution, to gain official p >.iition. :
After he obtained the ofliee of sheriff he set j
himself to woi k to persecute and revenue him-
self upon those of the community who formerly I
had looked down upon him. It was the time !
of triumph of a low nature. He first sent ;
word to General Terry that he was intimid- ;
ated and unable to execute process by reason ,
of the sentiment of the county around him. i
Upon his request General Terry sent a com- !
pany of soldiers to aid this man Norris in the t
execution of his civil duties as sheriff, and he j
used these troops, as the testimony of these i
two officers shows, for the purpose of terror- •
izing his fellow-citizens. j
In the first place, when he had an arrest to
make, he would always make it by the aid of
the military, and as often as he could at mid-
night; not in the usual hours when civil pro-
cess may be served, but at midnight,, for the
purpose of terrorizing these people, capturing
them and carrying them off suddenly from
their homes, wliere bail could not be given
until the following day, or until some time
had elapsed. This state of things went on a
long time, until the military officers discovered
that Norris was using the United States Army
for the purpose of blackmailing men in the
neighborhood, that he was actually forcing the
citizens around him to pay him large sums
of money to prevent tbeir arrest and incar-
ceration ; and it seems that Norris, upon being
remonstrated with by some of these citizens,
intimated or stated openly that he had to pay
the military part of tlie money, and that was
why he charged them so much to let them stay
safely iu their own homes.
This induced the officers to make complaint
to General Terry, lie sent down orders to
arrest, this Norris, and he was arrested, and he
was tried by his oflicers in their camp to ascer-
tain whether'be had done these tilings. They
found that he had done them ; that he had a
black-list containing one hundred or more
names of respectable citizens of that county
from whom be was extorting money under
threat of military arrest and punishment. He
was arrested, taken to Atlanta in irons by this
very witness, Lieutenant Todd. There, under
the direction of General Terry, a warrant was
sued out and he wus held to bail in the sum
of $;S,000. He was then discharged, and he
returned to his home; and the sequel of his
return there 1 shall probably relate to illustrate
what was the government of Georgia which the
people of that State had to submit to, forced
by the bayonets of the United States Army.
The statement of the circumstances that led to
Norris's arrest will be found at page 1105. 1
will not fatigue the Senate by reading the tes-
timony at length, but it is to the effect that the
notes which he had extorted from these people,
upon which large payments had been made,
were fouud upon bis person. Lieutenant Todd
was examined with closeness and severity by
Mr. Scomelu, of Pennsylvania. At page 110'J
that cross-examination will be found. Mr. Sco-
kiei.d had the idea that the notes and money
taken by Norris were iu lieu of damages which
he was entitled to for certain assaults upon
him by these parties. To show the character
of this man, and to show to the country the
wrongs to which the people of Georgia were
subjected by the so-called loyal men of the
couutry, 1 ask the Clerk to read Mr. Scopield's
examination of this witness, which 1 send to
the desk. ,
The Secretary read as follows:
"By Mr. ScoFiEtD:
" Qantion. I do not know that I understand about
this matter of bribery. If X understand correctly,
this thing that you oalt a bribe taken by Mr. Norris
was a uote that lie took from the rnoa who shot him,
to compromise their assaults upon him ?
"Anmtnsr. The note was not taken from the men
th:it ho cHimell shot him; it was taken from
entirely different parties.
"QueHtion. Well, perhaps more responsible par-
Lio.-1 Y
"Anciver. More responsible parties.
' {jufiHiimi. The not© was taken us compensation
to huii lor the injury done bim ?
"AnHwar. The note<lid notstate that
Quest ion, I know it did not state that; you have
said th«t once before; aud you have said the nolo
was a bribe* ?
"A/nircr. Ye.'1,sir.
"Quekiion. I want to know what yon call a bribe.
I uuderBUtnd th&l those uien gave him this note as
compensation for the injury done htm. and that, in
my understanding of the law, is no bribe at all, but
a settlement of a personal claim which he may have
had against thorn.
"Anmoftr, That is not my understanding of it; on
the contrary, I know it is otherwise.
" Qwtrion. Tell us what it was; X want to know
tbe truth.
"Aanwer. Before Norris was arrested we sum-
moned tho^e parties who gave these notes; they
camo up, and 1 whs present during tne Investiga-
tion before Major Kline. Those parties gave their
testimony, guying they gave the note provided Nor-
ris wouid leave the country and stop tho proaeou-
tion of those men Against whom be had warrants.
" Qw*tn*n. For the assault on bitn ?
"Answer. For anything that be had warrant*
against them lor. lie had a black-list. X forget how,
many uuian probably over a hundred, that be told:
them that he was going to arrest; and these differ-
ent parties got up thia pucee for him, with the up-?
derstanding that he would leave the country 9.ud.
not ©secure the warrants. That was the evident
of the parlies who gavotne notes. On the strength
of that evidence Mr. .Non-U was arreted, and alter
the evidence was* submitted toGeneraj xerry, ho
directed that be should be sent up here. That is"
why I torus my opinion, and know it was bribery.
" Quf-atum. Lhd not Norris claim that the note was
given to hun to keep him Irom prosecuting tho laea
who hud assaulted him?
^Annwer. Not at that time.
" Question. Did he make any claim at all ?
Antiver. Ho denied at first hu\Lng taken any
notes at all, but these parties told mo themselves
voluntarily. As soon as we found that Norrisdenied
it wo biouuUt them up, and they brought the whole
party in. They were all vory much alarmed aud
hesitated a great deal about giving their evidence,
tearing it would get them into trouble, He would
come to oatup on a visit I o us, and would go down to
the rear of tne camp, ostensibly to answer acall of
nature. But he hnd made a previous arrangement
with these people, told them that the guns of tho
camp were bearing upon thoiu,,and that if th^y did
not agree to what he wanted tney would be killed.
He wassellingoutto those inert'Wo were going out to
arrost night utter night; wo thought ho was doing id
ill tho time* He claimed afterward ibat somo of
tho oflicers there had taken bigger bribes than he had.
Thesub-distriut couitmimier, I bclievr.WNs about tbo
only one ho eiiargod at the time. The commander
called all the witnesses, and has now in hut posses-
sion the affidavits of the parties to the effect that
they never made any such statement. Probabty,
Major Kline could tell more about that business
than any other officer, because he had better oppor-
tunities. He heaul a great many iriore things than
the subalterns heard, and probably knew more
about Mr, Norris."
Mr. BAYARD. The testimony of Lieuten-
ant Hoyt corroborates the testimony of Lieu-
tenant Todd, and Major Kline, who is referred
to, was not, I believe, at that time at Atlanta ;
nor did we stay long enough to have his testi-
mony, nor whs it necessary. Now, I wish to
allude to what followed the return of this in-
famous man to the community thbttfras cursed
by his presence as a sheriff. The people find-
ing that, he was arrested and that the military
were disposed to act justly in the matter an2
relieve them from this fellow's shocking con-
duct, took heart, and at or about that time they
proceeded to indict this man Norris for his
crimes before the judicial tribunals of the
State. For a long time he had terrorized them
in the name of the military. When they found
that the military took cognizance of his''fas*
cality and were disposed to punish him, then'
the laws of the State began to lift their dropp-
ing heads and to assert their power for the
protection of the people of Georgia. Conse-
quently, Norris was indicted by the grand jury
of Warren County, and he was brought to trial
upon nine bills of indictment. The first was
The State vs. John C. Norris, accessory before"
the fact to the crime of murder, found at the
October term, 1869. Then followed eight!
other cases of indictment agairtst John C."
Norris forfalse imprisonment. Mr. President,
