1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4101
the time it shall remain there before it can be
withdrawn ; and my proviso is that the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall be allowed
to make farther provision beyond the twelve
months allowed by the Senate amendment.
The SPEAKER. Which is the amendment
of the Senate the gentleman is now alluding to ?
Mr. MAYNARD. It is on page 87 of the
bill, lines four hundred and one to four hun-
dred and three.
The SPEAKER. Can the gentleman attach
his amendment to that point in the bill?
Mr. MAYNARD. I think so; of course
yon cannot split a sentence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires always
to rule very liberally on questions of the power
to amend, and yet it is very important when a
bill has gone through both branches, and both
branches have agreed to portions of it, that an
amendment offered in the House must be an
amendment which will attach to some amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the Chair understood
the matter as I do, the Chair would have no
difficulty in ruling the amendment to be in
order.
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary for
the Chair, in ruling on parliamentary points,
to understand the legislative points.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not speaking of
legislative points ; I am speaking of the ques-
tion, which is how to dispose of the tobacco
which is now in export bonded warehouses
which are abolished by the action of the two
Houses. The question is, what is to be done
with the tobacco now in them ?
The SPEAKER. That only goes to the
necessity of legislation ; it does not go to the
parliamentary point at all.
Mr. MAYNARD. The parliamentary point,
however, connects itself with the proposed
legislation. The question is whether the
amendment is a part of the same legislation
or something separate and distinct.
The SPEAKER. That would open the door
very widely and bring in amendments in almost
any part of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Not at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the amendment unless the gentleman
attaches it directly to something which the
Senate has put m the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will then move my
amendment to come in after the following
clause, which ends on line four hundred and
two:
All tobacco and snuff now stored in any export
bonded warehouse shall, on and after Jalyl, 1872,
be subject to the same tax as is provided by this
act.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment attaches there as an
amendment to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. It is inserting right between
two words that have been agreed to a new pro-
vision, which in another part of this bill both
Houses have agreed shall not exist.
The SPEAKER. That is true, but the
Chair could not rule the amendment out on
that point.
Mr. DAWES. The only thing on which the
Senate differs with the House is as to the time,
inserting twelve months instead of six.
Mr. MAYNARD. The mistake of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts about this whole
tiling is in insisting that the warehouses we
have abolished are the same as those provided
for in my amendment. They are no more the
same than the Capitol of the United States is
like the prison at Sing Sing.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken
in thinking that there is a difference. The
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] who
had this matter in charge as a specialty in the
Committee of Ways and Means, will bear me
out in stating that this is precisely an attempt
to reestablish what both Houses have agreed
to dispense with.
The question was put on Mr. Haynard s
motion, and there were—ayes fourteen, noes
not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred upon concurring in
the Senate amendment, to strike out " six
months" and insert "twelve months."
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the House will concur
in that amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I hope not.
Mr. BROOKS. It is a very short time, and
they have hired their houses for a year.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will not
concur.
Mr. MAYNARD. It would be unjust to
those who have tobacco in the warehouses at
this time to non-concur in this amendment.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
sixteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that, a confer-
ence be asked of the Senate on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses upon the amend-
ments of the Senate to this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently announced
the appointment of Mr. Dawes, Mr. Kelley,
and Mr. Kerr, as the conferees on the part of
the House.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The House will now re-
sume the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
international ocean telegraph.
The next business o'R the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 429, supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to aid in the construction
of telegraph lines, and to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes," approved July 24,
1860 ; and the same was taken up and read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
elections.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 438, supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to amend an act approved
May 81, 1870, entitled 'An act to enforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of this Union,' and for
other purposes,' " passed February 28, 1871.
Mr. BROOKS. Has this bill been consid-
ered by any committee of this House? I
move that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that the only
effect of this bill is to cure a clerical error
in the original bill. I move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
The question was taken ; and there were,
upon a division—ayes 77, noes 47.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended, and the bill was
returned to its place on the Speaker's
table.
columbia deaf and dumb institution.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 385, to regulate the ad-
mission of pupils into the Columbia Institu-
tion for the Deaf and Dumb.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes the Secretary of the Interior to admit into
the collegiate department of the Columbia In-
stitution for the Deaf and Dumb properly
qualified deaf mutes from the several States in
the manner following, namely, from each State
a number of students not exceeding one half
the number of its Representatives in Congress ;
provided that in case of States the number
of whose Representatives is not divisible by
two without a remainder, the fraction in the
quotient shall be counted as a unit. The sec-
ond section provides that applicants for admis-
sion to the said Columbia Institution, under
the provisions of the first section, must be
nominated to the Secretary of the Interior
by members of Congress representing the
States to which they respectively belong; pro-
vided that in filling vacancies no Representa-
tive shall exercise the right of nomination
twice in succession to the exclusion of other
Representatives from the same State who may
desire to make nominations, the right of nom-
ination being exercised in alternation. The
third section provides that all acts or parts of
acts inconsistent with the provisions of the
act shall be repealed. The fourth section pro-
vides that the act shall take effect from the
date of its passage.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move that the
following amendment be made to the bill:
Add to the first section the following:
Provided further, That all of the actual expenses
incurred by said institution in the education and
support of said students shall be repaid to it by said
States, respectively, the accounts therefor to be
audited andsettled undersuch rules and regulations
as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior.
And I move to substitute for the second sec-
tion of the bill the following:
That applicants for admission to the said Columbia
Institution, under the provisions of the foregoing
section, must be nominated to the Secretary of the
Interior by the Governors of the several States
respectively.
The first amendment I have indicated is one
suggested the other day by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks ;] the second
is the one indicated by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.] I suppose there
will be no objection to the bill with those
amendments.
Mr. HALE. What is intended to be the
force of the word "repaid," in the first
amendment? Why not say "paid?"
Mr. DAWES. It would be just as well to
say " paid." I used the word " repaid" when
I drew up the amendment the other day, under
the idea that the head of the institution would
keep tlie accounts and disburse the money,
and that the institution would be reimbursed
by the Slates.
Mr. HALE. It would be better to say
"paid."
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection.
Mr. HALE. That would exclude the idea
that the General Government would be called
upon to pay their expenses.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is to
strike out "re" before "paid."
Mr. PETERS. Why, "re" is the very
"thing" itself. [Laughter.]
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will modify
my amendment as suggested, and move that
the rules be suspended and the bill passed
with those amendments.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 64, noes 66.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended, and the bill was
returned to the Speaker's table.
margaret h. judd.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 857) granting a pen-
sion to Margaret H. Judd, of Wilmington,
Delaware.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll the name of Margaret H. Judd, of Wil-
mington, Delaware, the aunt and adopted
mother of' the late Brevet Lieutenant Colonel
William Judd Fetterman, twenty-seventh in-
fantry, United States Army, and to pay her a
pension as a dependent mother.
Mr. MOORE. 1 hope that this bill will be
The bill was passed.
agricultural college law.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 964) to amend an act
entitled " Au act to amend the fifth section of
