1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1413
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
obieotion, the resolution will be regarded as
referred to the Committee on Iiules.
Mr. WRIGHT. I offer the following amend-
ment, to be referred to the committee:
And that they also consider tlie propriety of pro-
viding, by rule or otherwise, that no bill shall con-
tain more than one objcct or subject, the same to be
expressed in tne title.
The resolution and amendment were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Revisiou of
the Rules.
hayden's geological report.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to take up House bill
No. 107.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri asks unanimous consent to
call up the bill (H. R. No. 107) in regard to
public buildings at St. Louis.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri has asked to have a bill taken up.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not object if I can
offer a report.
Mr, POMEROY. If the Senator yields for
the consideration of the amendments to the
rules, which are in the nature of privileged
questions, I have no objection.
Mr. BLAIR. Very well; I will yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri accepts the suggestion. If there
be no objection, the bill in regard to public
buildings at St. Louis will be considered as
before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I think I ought to object to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will cease at
one o'clock.
Mr. COLE. I am aware of that, but I do
not like to have bills taken up in this way one
after another. I think they ought to take their
place on the Calendar as well as other bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects.
Mr. ANTHONY. A resolution was passed
the other day directing fifteen hundred copies
of the report of Hayden's geological survey
of Nebraska to be printed for the use of the
Senate. I ask that that resolution be rescinded
with a view of offering a resolution for a
smaller number, being as many as we are au-
thorized to print without the concurrence of
the other House. I ask that the former reso-
lution ordering the printing of fifteen hundred
copies be rescinded, and that this resolution be
adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks that the resolution
agreed to some days since for printing Hay-
den's geological report be rescinded, as it is
in excess of the amount authorized by law to
be printed by one branch alone.
The motion to rescind was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island now reports from the Com-
mittee on Printing the following resolution:
Rem/ned. That seven hundred and fifty additional
copies of Hayden's report be printed for the use of
the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to.
debates ok congress.
Mr. ANTHONY. I find, Mr. President,
that I am reported in the Globe, no doubt cor-
rectly, as having said the other day that by
abolishing the reduplication of the indexes in
the Globe we saved $30,000 a year. I was
speaking of Congresses. We save $30,000 a
Congress. I should also have stated that the
cost of printing one index is more than the
proportional cost of printing it in every vol-
ume ; but the whole amount saved is, as I
stated, or meant to state, $32,754 a Congress,
covering, of course, two years.
I would ask Senators to read a statement
which they will find in the Globe this morning,
correcting some very singular misapprehen-
sions that arose out of a report that I referred
to the other day, a report of the cost of the
Globe, in which it is stated that it cost, for the
year 1869, $58,0,00, and for the year ending
June 30, 1871, $298,000. This same docu-
ment, which is something like some other
specimens of book-keeping we have had lately,
furnishes the evidence that in the year 1869
there was paid the publishers of the Congres-
sional Globe for "printing and advertising,"
$58,000; but the same documeut shows that
there was also paid in that year for publish-
ing the debates of Congress, $02,000, for
"complete sets of the Globe and Appendix,"
$95,000, and for "reporting proceedings,"
$13,000, and for additional compensation to
reporters, $12,000, all of which added together
make $233,412, instead of $58,813.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to inquire what he reads from?
Mr. ANTHONY. Prom a statement that I
have made up myself out of this report that
com es from the House. The cost of the Globe
is distributed in four or five different tables
for some years, and in other years it is all put
in one, so that by taking the items from the
different tables and adding them together they
make an intelligible total, make the sum cor-
respond very nearly with the amount of mat-
ter that has been printed ; but the amount
expended for the fiscal year gives no measure
of the cost of the Globe, because the fiscal
year does not correspond with the congres-
sional year. The amount appropriated for the
fiscal year will sometimes be (or two Congresses
Theu, again, before the law was passed cover-
ing into the Treasury the unexpended bal-
ances of the appropriations, appropriations
were made for one year and ran over into
another, and the deficiency of one year was
supplied by the next year's appropriation, so
that the amount paid for each fiscal year is no
guide. I find on adding them together that
they are tolerably uniform, the increase cor-
responding with the increased number of pages
of the Globe and the increased number of
Senators and Representatives among whom it
is distributed ; but tables made up in this way
furnish no accurate measure of the cost of the
Globe. The table in the Globe to-day gives
to Senators all the information on the subject
that is desired, and they will find there that
the cost of the Globe has increased precisely
in proportion to the increased number of vol-
umes, the increased number of pages, and
the increased number of Senators and Repre-
sentatives.
reports ob' committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of C. E. Rogers, late postmaster
at Carver, Minnesota, reported a bill (S. No.
750) for the relief of C. E. Rogers ; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Finance,
who were instructed by a resolution of the Sen-
ate to inquire into the expediency of exempt-
ing from the payment of customs duties all
materials, including iron ties, imported into the
United States which are used for the purpose
of baling and bagging cotton, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
subject; which was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of John Scott, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 749) for the re-
lief of persons to whom the Governors of the
northwest and Indiana territories confirmed
lauds, which lands were afterward sold by the
United States.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution
to print extra copies of the report of the joint
Committee to Inquire into the Condition of the
late Insurrectionary States, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, (a simi-
lar resolution from the House of Representa-
tives having been reported upon and passed;)
which was agreed to.
CITT OF PITTSBUKG,
Mr. SCOTT. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 742) to
amend section thirty-five of an act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," have instructed me to report it
back without amendment. This bill simply
extends the privileges of the internal trans-
portation act to the city of Pittsburg, and I
ask that it may be put on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the privileges
of an act entitled "An acu to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved July
14, 1870, be extended to the port of Pittsburg,
in the Stale of Pennsylvania, with the same
effect as if it had been inserted in the thirty-
fifth section of that act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is to be extended
to Pittsburg ?
Mr. SCOTT. It simply extends the privi-
leges of the act of July 14, 1870, relating to
internal transportation of merchandise in bond,
to the city of Pittsburg.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, aud passed.
committee ox retrenchment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Investigation and Retrenchment, reported
the following resolution ; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to :
llevolved, That the sum of $10,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary for the expenses of the
Committee on Investigation and Retrenchment, is
hereby directed to bo paid out of the contingent
fund of tho Senate under the order of the chairman
of said committee, the vouchers therefor to be ap-
proved by the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 751) authorizing the President to
place the name of Brevet Lieutenant Colonel
James A. Bates, captain in the United Slates
Army, with the full rank of major; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 752) granting a pension to Peter Camp-
bell; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 753) for the relief of certaiu officers in
the United States Navy ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, aud by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 754) granting right of way through
the public lands for the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph in Florida; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduces bill (S.
No. 755) for tho relief of the former occupants
of the present military reservation at Point
San Jos6, in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco ; which was read twice by its title, re-
feired to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
