1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2509
for all sums not exceeding five dollars at any
one payment. The silver dollar, as now issued,
is worth for bullion 3J- cents more than the
gold dollar, and 7J cents more than two half
dollars. Having a greater intrinsic than nom-
inal value, it is certain to be withdrawn from
circulation whenever we return to specie pay-
ment, and to be used only for manufacture
and exportation as bullion.
The history of the American silver dollar is
somewhat remarkable. The following article
from the New American Cyclopedia furnishes
an explanation of the confusion it has caused
in our metal currency and foreign exchange:
"The dollar unit, as money of account, was estab-
lished by act of Congress April 2,1792, and the same
act provides lor the coinage of a silver dollar ' of
the value ot a Spanish milled or pillar dollar, as the
same is now current.' The silver dollar was
eoined in 1794, weighing 416 grains, of winch 37H
giains were pure silver, the fineness being 892.4
thousandths. The act of January 18, 18:17, reducos
the standard weight t,o412.r grains, but increases the
fineness to 900 thousandths, the quantity of pure
silver remaining 374- grains as before, and at these
rates it is still coined m limited amount.
"The act of ilarch 3, 1819, directs the coinage
Of gold dollars They were issued the same year
weighing 25.8 grains, .9 line. 2.3.22 grains being pure
gold. By the act ot April 2, 1792, 371<- grains of
pure silver and 24} grains of pure gold were de-
clared to be equivalent one with the other, and to
the dollar of account. _ At that time, as now, in
Great Britain, 113 grains of pure gold were very
nearly the equivalent of the pound sterling. The
value of £1 in federal money, therefore, was $4,565.
Prior to this date.and during the Confederation, the
dollar of account, as compared ith sterling cur-
rcncy, had been rated at 4s. 6d, and in precise ac-
coi dance with this valuation the Congress of the Con-
federation had established & 1.441 as the custom-house
viiluc ot the pound sterling. The ellect of theactot
1792 was really to reduce itie value oi our dollar of
account, but apparently to increase tho value of the
pound sterling about 21 per cent. By the act of
June 28, 1834, the weight ot flue gold to the dollar
was ieduced from 24.75 to 23.20 grains; and three
years later, January 18, 1837, it was fixed at 23.22
grains, whore it now remains. Comparing tins lat-
ter weight with the pouud sterling of 113 giams, wc
find an apparent increase of the value ot £l to
44.8665, an advance of almost exactly 9} per cent,
upon the old valuation ot $4,444. We have here the
explanation of the existing praetico in this country
of quoting sterling exchange at9sper cent.premium
when it is really at par."
Much of this difficulty has arisen from the
impracticable attempt to make the silver coins
conform absolutely and intrinsically to the
gold standard. The office of the silver or
"subsidiary''' coins is to supply the public
want (or small change. They are made the
tokens of value, not the value itself, and are
designed ouiy for exchange and circulation at
home, up to but never in excess oi the require-
ments ot' trade. In Europe they range from
five to ten per cent, below the gold standard
of value, thus paying a seigniorage to the
Government and preventing their exportation.
Under our laws the difference between the
nominal and real value of silver coins, except-
ing the silver dollar, is about four per cent_
The following statement is taken from the
pamphlet of l)r. Linderman, on the "Free
Coinage of Gold:"
"The seigniorageonsilver varies in different coun-
tries, and also with the price of silver bullion. lu
the United States it is four percent.; in Great Brit-
ain about ten per cent.; in i'rance, Belgium, Italy,
and Spain, about seven and a half per cent.; m
Sweden, over twelve per cent. *
"The coinage bill recently brought forward by the}
German empire adopts gold as the sole standard o£|
value, and demonetizes silver as to coinage; but thjj
particulars are not at hand to show the extent of the|
seigniorage on silver. *
" It the United States were to exact the same rate
of seigniorage as Great Britain, silver coin and Uni-
ted States notes would circulate concurrently at the|
present premium on gold as compared with pape J
money."
The seigniorage on copper-nickel coins
should, of course, be still larger, and, in the
opinion of many eminent economists, not less
than fitty per cent.
The bill provides for the purchase of silver
bullion at market rate, and the issue of silver
co.ns m exchange for gold at par. This ar-
rangementwill give the Government the benefit
of the coinage and prevent any redundancy.
The copper nickel coinage is confined to five-
Cent, three-cent, and one-cent pieces of con-
venient size and form, which it is to be hoped
will take the place of Sortie of the worthless
small coins now in use.
The coinage of a country ia an unerring
index of its civilization; and so long as coins
are extant to bear witness to the barbarity or
refinement, rudeness or taste, clumsiness or
elegance, of those who formed and used them,
ye have an unmistakable criterion of their
attainment in art and science.
How early coins were used history does not
inform us. At a very remote period the pre-
cious metals were doubtless used as a medium
of exchange in the form of ingots, wedges, or
bars. Nearly two thousand years before Christ
Abraham weighed out in the purchase of the
cave of Machpelah four hundred shekels of
silver current money with the merchant."
Herodotus ascribes the invention of strik-
ing or coining money to the Libyans, but the
earliest coins now extant are of Grecian
origin. About four centuries before the
Christian era coins of recognized values weie
in general use among all nations that had
arrived at any considerable degree of civiliza-
tion. The Greek coins, iu particular, are cited
as an example of artistic excellence. The
Milan coinage of the fourteenth century, and
the English coinage from 1649 to 1662, were
also remarkable for beauty of design and
execution.
In monarchical countries the obverse of the
coin usually bears the likeness of the reigning
sovereign, and the reverse the denomination
or value. This, however, was not always the
ease. The following quaint rhyme, taken by
Stowe from a manuscript in the time of
Edward I—
" On the king's side was his head and his name
written,
On the cross side the city where it was smitten *—
shows that local pride and interest have ex-
isted m other cities besides Philadelphia, New
York, and San Francisco.
In republics a device emblematical of liberty,
as a female figure or head, with the peleus or
Roman liberty-cap, is generally substituted on
the obverse of the coin.
The time-honored devices and legends of
our coins are retained, and in elegance and
simplicity of design, in the bold relief of the
figures, and m the pleasant impression con-
veyed to the sense of touch and sight, it is
believed that the gold and silver coinage of
the United States will compare favorably with
that of any nation in ancient or modern times.
WASTAGE.
In the operations of the raelter and refiner
and coiner some waste or loss necessarily
takes place. The act of January 18, 1837,
allowed to the melter and refiner two thou-
sandths of the whole amount of the gold and
silver bullion, and to the chief coiner two
thousandths of the silver and one and a half
thousandth of the gold. Improvements in ma-
chinery and a higher degree of skill have ma-
terially Lessened this wastage, and in the bill
of the committee it is reduced one half, and
within what is deemed a just and reasonable
limit.
TOLERANCE.
The tolerance or "remedy" of the Mint is
of two kinds: on the fineness of the metal and
on the weight of the coin.
The legal standard ofgold and silver is nine
hundred parts of pure metal and one hundred
of alloy. But it is beyond the reach of art or
skill to get tins admixture absolutely exact.
The closest approximations that can be made
will sometimes show a variation of a single
part or the fraction of a part. The present
tolerance of fiueness is two thousandths in
gold and three thousandths in silver. After
careful consideration it has been thought best
to reduce this to one thousandth in gold and
two thousandths in silver.
It is also necessary that a tolerance or "rem-
edy" should be allowed in the prescribed
Wight of coins so that reasonable deviations
from mathematical accuracy shall not be held
to affect the weight at which they may be legally
issued. Deviations in the weight of coins exist
which the best balances fail to indicate. In
such eases, and in all cases where the coin '
is as near standard above or beiow as it can
practically be made, it is allowed to pass.
But, in order to prevent the general issue of
light coins within the limit of tolerance, the
allowance upon a mass of coins should by no
means be in proportion to their number. If
there is an honest effort to obtain the standard
weight, the deviation is as likely to be above
as below that standard. Under the present
law the allowance on §20,000 in double eagles
is $2 74. This is believed t,o be too large a
margin, and in the bill under consideration it
is so reduced that this allowance will be sev-
enty-two cents. The tolerance on the double
eagle and eagle is fixed at one half of a grain,
and on all other gold coin at one quarter of &
grain.
ABUASIOX.
The abrasion or natural wear of coins is a
matter of great importance to the Govern-
ment and the public. The Constitution of the
United States provides that—
" Congress shall have power to coin money; regu-
late the value thereof, and of foreign coins; and fix
the standard of weights and measures."
And that—■
"No State shall coin money or make anything but
gold and silver a legal tender in payment of debts."
The General Government is entitled to all the
advantages of this unlimited grant of power,
and incurs the correlative obligation of fur-
nishing the public with a convenient and reli-
able metal currency.
The coins issued by the national mints,
when not unreasonably worn or defaced by
artificial means, bear the stamp and guarantee
of the Government, that they are worth the
sums they represent. They are issued for
circulation, and are unhesitatingly received
at their face for equivalent values. In a few
years, however, a considerable percentage
of any coin in active circulation is sure to
be worn away. Where should the loss fall;
upon the Government that has placed the coin
in circulation and has a remedy in the com-
plete control of the coinage .system, or upon
the individual who has received it in good
faith and has no remedy whatever?
As early as the reign of Edward IV it waa
ordered m England that " the laekage in
weight should be no cause for refusing gold
coins," and in the reign of Henry VI it is
recorded that Bartholomew Goldbeater, mas-
ter of the mint, petitioned the king to take
into consideration the "great and^unsupport-
able loss which he had sustained in the waste
and loss of weight in the melting of gold and
silver." It appears from the history of the
British coinage that the natural wear of coins
has always been borne by the Crown. In 1816
the old silver coins were authorized to be
exchanged at the mint for the new coinage
piece for piece, and under the regulations of
the mint of July 28, 1870, gold coins reduced
in weight by wear are now recoined at the
royal mint, and returned to the importer at
the full mint rate of £3. 17s. 10|<2. per ounce,
without any charge or deduction,
The act of Congress of June 28, 1334, pro-
vides tliat—
"Gold coins shall be received in all payments
when of fall weight accoiding to their respective
values, and when of less than their full weight at
lessvaiue proportioned to their respective weights.
[f the weight, is to be the only criterion of
value, what is the use of having any coinage at
ail? The pending bill, although not fully meet-
ing my views upon this point, is a great im-
provement on existing laws. It provides that
gold coins reduced by wear not to exceed one
half per cent, on double eagles and eagles and
one per cent, on all other coins may be re-
deemed at the United States Treasury fur re-
coinage undm- such regulations as the Secre-
tary may presenile for the protection of the
