1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
bill (S. No. 756) to test on some of the lamps
about the public grounds in Washington, a
certain invention for lighting and extinguishing
gas in street-lamps by electricity; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
AMENDMENT OP BULBS.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the report
made yesterday from the Committee on Rules.
The motion was agreed to.
The first proposed amendment was:
Reeolved, That the standing rules of tho Senate be
amended as follows: 1. Add to the sixtn rule ' And
ail appeals taken when an undebatable proposition
is pending shall also be decided without debate."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to this branch of the resolution.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think this resolution
is of too much importance to be disposed of
in what remains of the morning hour. I do
not wish to discuss these amendments, but I
wish them put over to some time when they
can be fully discussed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
has been taken up by a formal motion, having
lain" over one day, and the morning business
having been concluded.
Mr. POMEROY. There are several propo-
sitions. I think some of them can be adopted
without any dissentj because I think all Sen-
ators are in favor of them; but there is one
relating to petitions, which [ knew would cause
debate, and I do not expect to get action on
that this morning.
Mr. CASSERLY. That was the one which
I had most in my mind.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not at this time
before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho amend-
ments to -the rules will bo ac.ted on separately.
The first is the proposed amendment to the
sixth rule.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senate is advised
of tho character of that amendment, I do not
wish to discuss it, but it seems to me that it
ought to he understood before it is adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. There lias been a differ-
ence of opinion in tho Senate, and a few nights
ago we had occasion to have tho matter pietty
fully discussed in the Senate when an occur-
rence of this kind took place, and as the lule
was silent on the subject, the Senate then
decided that an appeal from a decision ou a
matter that was undebatable could be debated.
Tho Senate so decided by a vote, and it was
thought we had better have it in the rules so
that hereafter we should have no question
about it. If it had not been decided by a vote
of the Senate, it would still be open to the
ruling of any man who might be for tho time
being in the chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on amending the sixth rule in the manner
proposed.
The proposed amendment to the sixth rule
was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next proposed amendment to
the rules.
The Secretary. The next proposed amend-
ment is to add to the tifty-first rule, after the
date "July 2, 1862," the words "or, if appli-
cable, the oath prescribed by the act of July
11, 1868."
Mr. POMEROY. That relates simply to
the oath prescribed for persons whose disabili-
ties have been removed. There cannot, of
coarse, be any objection to it, because it is the
law at any rate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that notwithstanding this rule that Sena-
tors must take the oath prescribed by the act of
Congress of July 2,1862, several Senators have
been sworn in under the act of 1808, as it was
well known to the Senate when they were ad-
mitted that they could not take the oath of
1862.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This ought to be passed
undoubtedly. The rule now is inconsistent
with the law.
The amendment to the fifty-first rule was
agreed to.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment.
The Secretary. The next proposed amend-
ment is to add to the forty-seventh rule the
following:
"And General of the Army, Admiral of the Navy,
members of the national legislatures of foreign coun-
tries, private secretaries of Senators, duly appointed
in writing, and not chaiimen of any committee,
entitled to a clerk."
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest an amendment
to the last clause so as to make it end with the
words " duly appointed in writing." There is
an ungrammatical construction that might be
put upon the last clause that would make the
clerk the chairman, instead of,the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the modification will be regarded
as made, so that the clause will stop at
" writing."
Mr. POMEROY. It is suggested by the
Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling]
that it is an open question whether the rule
includes clerks of committees. If that is still
an open question I would add here "as well
as clerks of committees."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not think that is necessary. The Chair notices
that while he was absent yesterday the Sena-
tor from New York must have misunderstood
his reply to him the other day. The Senator
from Now York asked a question of the Chair
to which the Chair replied, as follows:
" Mr. Conkling. May I bo indulged in aninquiiy
of the Chair? Are not clerks of the committees of
tho Senato by tho rules admitted to tho Chamber
now ?
"Tho Vies President. Therule states 'tho offi-
cers of tho Senate.'
"Mr. ScMNKit. Are they officers?
"Tho VickPresident. The Chair supposes they
must be. They are included in the official list of
tho directory.
"Mr. Edmonds. They aro provided for by law as
officers of the Senato.
"Mr. Conkling. And tliey must bo within tho
rule.''
Subsequently the Viae President said:
"Tho Vice President. The clorks of committees
are admitted on tho Hour uudor the rule, but this is
a proposition to provide for Senators who aro not
chiiirinen of committees and who have secretaries
of their own."
The Senator from New York evidently mis-
understood the Chair.
Air. CONKLING. Ibeg pardon oftheChair.
I understood the Chair to incline to that belief,
but still to say that there might be some doubt
about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
not answer positively at lirst, but a moment
afterward did, and reatlirmed it subsequently.
He thinks they are certainly included within
the rule. The clerks of committees are cer-
tainly officers of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Is the amendment I pro-
posed agreed to ?
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Chair un-
derstood there was no objection to the modifi-
cation as proposed by the chairman of the com-
mittee, leaving off all after the word "writing."
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to insert after
the words " members of national legislatures
of foreign countries," the words "the marshal
of the Supreme Court," who has official busi-
ness often here, and ought to bo admitted.
Mr. POMEROY. Suppose we say "the
marshal and clerk of the Supreme Court."
Mr. TRUMBULL. They can send in their
messenger.
Mr. SHERMAN. The marshal is their rec-
ognized messenger.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to amend by inserting "the mar-
shal of the United States Supreme Court."
Mr. SHERMAN. He is the only messenger
by whom they dispatch business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
to insert" the marshal of the Supreme Court."
Mr. CAMERON. I think we had better not
have the marshal. I do not want him here.
[Laughter.] We had better keep clear of him.
The question being put there were, on a
division—ayes 19, noes 14; noquorum voting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again count the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 think there is a quorum
present.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me state the reason
why this is essential to'our convenience. I do
not myself practice in the Supreme Court,
but very many members of the Senate do, and
it is very often proper and convenient to send
at once the messenger of the Supreme Court,
not one of our messengers here, for the attend-
ance of Senators there. The marshal is always
admitted, as a matter of course, on occasions
of ceremony on inauguration day and other
days. He is the only executive officer of one
of the departments of the Government. It is
a matter of convenience to us as Senators. I
do not see why the Senate should haggle about
this little matter. It is a small favor, and I
hope it will be granted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have had some little
practice in the Supreme Court, and the mar-
shal never came to give uotice to me. I
always get notice through the clerk. It is
sent by a messenger. 1 have no objection,
certainly, to extending this-rule; but if you
commence by extending it to Ihe marshal of
the Supreme Court,'I dci-ndtSSe how you can
refuse it to the clerk of the Supreme Court
and all others. The floor of the Senate is so
limited that we cannot without inconvenience
admit a great number of parsons. I do not
know where you are going to draw the line,
if you commence by admitting persons occu-
pying the position ol the marshal of the Su-
preme Court. He is a new officer. It is only
within a few years there ever was such an
officer as marshal of the Supreme Court.
Mr. SHERMAN. Theie was the marshal
of the District.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The marshal of the
District is a different officer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know ; but he acted
for the court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We never had a mar-
shal of the Supreme Court until within a few
years, and I should think it would bo quite as
proper to admit the clerk and all the other
officers.
Mr. HAMLIN. Or the chief of police of
tho city.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to take
up any time, but it seems to me if you are
going to enlarge the rule and commence in
that way, you will extend it so as perhaps to
cause inconvenience.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the appropriation bill
is before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope it will be laid
aside a moment to let us take the vote on this
question.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT Is there objec-
tion to the' appropriation bill being passed
over informally ?
Mr. COLE. I have an amendment to move
to the pending rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the appropriation bill will be passed
over, subject to a demand for the regular order.
Mr. THURMAN. I have only a word to
say, Mr. President. .It does seem to me that
it would be entirely right to admit the marshal
of the Supreme Court. I see no danger in
any such precedent. The reasons given by
my colleague seem to me to be satisfactory,
and it appears to me that the respect due to
