518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
By Mr. TWIC HELL .- The petition of the
Home Savings Bank and others, trustees of
savings institutions, for repeal of tax, &c.
Also, the memorial of James Truss, for pen-
sion.
By Mr. VAUGHAN: The petition of Mrs.
Bankhead, of Memphis, Tennessee, praying
compensation for use of residence by United
States troops from 1862 to 1805.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Freel, of Mem-
phis, Tennessee, praying compensation for
cotton taken by United States troops.
Also, the petition of Ellen P. Malloy, of
Memphis, Tennessee, praying compensation
for use of residence by Federal troops in 1865.
By Mr. VOORHEES: The petition of Dr.
C. \V\ McDaniel and 75 others, citizens of the
State of Indiana, praying the establishment of
a mail route between Newbury and Marco, in
Greene county, in said State.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
Hannah E. Currie, praying a pension.
By Mr. YOUNG: The petition of Allen
Guuter, of Greenville, South Carolina, for
pay for services and bounty.
POST-ROUTE BILLS INTliODlICED.
The following were introduced and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads:
By Mr. CROSSLAND: A bill establishing
post routes in ihe State of Kentucky.
By Mr. HANDLEY: To establish cer-
tain post routes in the State of Alabama,
namely:
From Ashland, in Clay county, via Iiilla-
bee, Millersville, Pmkneyville, Hackneyville,
Camp Hill, Bradford, to Rock(oid,"in Coosa
county.
Also, from Louitia, in liandolph county, via
Davidson, Duilleyville, to Dadeville, in Talla-
poosa county.
Also, Iroin Louitia. in Randolph county, via
Wood's Ferry andMullms, toBlake's Ferry, in
Randolph county.
Also, from Hijih.Shoals, in Randolph county,
via Rnanoke, Wilf's, Higgin's, Buffalo Wal-
lou, !o Chambers Court-House, in Chambers
county.
Also, from Rock Mills, via Bacon Level,
Hickory Flat, Wehadka, to Antioch, in Troup
county, Georgia.
Also, from Pinkneyville, in Clay county, via
 , to Childersburg, in Talladega county.
Also, from Tuskegee. in Macon county, via
Honey Cut, , to Union Springs, in Bul-
lock county.
Also, irom Society Hill, in Macon county,
via ———, to Huntsville, in Russell county.
Also, from Crowford, in Russell county, via
Hime's, Socety Hill, to Tuskegee, in Macon
county, Alabama.
Also, from Wedowee, in Randolph county,
via Jordan's, Arbacoochee, to Bell's Mills, in
Cleburne county.
Also, from Flat Rock, in Clay county, to
Copper Mines, in Clay county.
Also, from Bradfoid, in Coosa county, to
Mount Olive, in Coosa county.
Also, from Coles Station, in Macon county,
to Tallassee, in Elmore county.
Also, from Wetumka, in Elmore county, to
RoVuison Springs, in Elmore county.
By Mr. MERRITT: A bill to establish a
mail route from Silver City, in Idaho Territory,
to Fairview, in said Territory.
Also, a bill to establish a mail route from
Lewiston, in_ Idaho Territory, to Spokane
Bridge, in said Territory.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
The following papers were withdrawn from
the files of the House and referred to the
appropriate committee:
By Mr. PERCE : The memorial of the Col-
lege of William and Mary, in Virginia,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 23, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. W. T. D. Ivlin'X, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1183) to relieve certain
citizens of Georgia from political disabilities
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Tennessee, praying that the law
approved July 15, 1870, be so amended as to
allow those who have served in the Army and
Navy to enter land without the requirement
of settlement and cultivation, and that boun-
ties may be equalized; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Gurden
Chapin, piaying relief for loss sustained by
the destruction of his property in Virginia;
which was refeired to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented the petition of M. E.
Dougherty and others, first lieutenants of the
Army, on duty as commandants of remnant
companies at recruiting depots, praying the
enactment of a law increasing their rank,
pay, and emoluments to those of captain, on
account of their onerous duties and large re-
sponsibility ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a petition of
citizens of New Bedford, Massachusetts, pray-
ing indemnity for French spoliations prior to
the year 1801; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. _ _
Mr. SCIIURZ presented a petition of citi
zens of the counties of Franklin, Ray, and
Nodaway, Missouri, praying for the reduction
of the tariff to a revenue basis, and the imme-
diate repeal of the duties on salt, coal, and
pig iron; also, a petition to the same effect
from citizens of the State of Arkansas ; also,
petitions to the same effect from the coun-
ties of Gillespil, Hays, and Caldwell, Texas ;
also, petitions to the same effect from Copiali
county, Mississippi; also, petitions to the same
effect from the county of Spalding, Geor-
gia; also, petitions to the same effect from the
county of Carteret, North Carolina ; also, peti-
tions to the same effect from the county of Ker-
shaw, South Carolina; also, petitions to the
same effect from the county of Monmouth,
New Jersey ; also, petitions to the same effect
from the counties of Albany and Orange, New
York ; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Those are
all covered by the yellow envelopes, I believe.
Mr. SUMNER. I have some of the same
sort in yellow covers, which attracted the
attention of my friend from Vermont, being
petitions from Massachusetts, from tlie county
of Middlesex, and one from the county of
Franklin ; then one from New Hampshire, the
county of Hillsborough ; also, petitions of the
same sort from Maine, the counties of Cum-
berland and Penobscot. I move their refer-
ence, yellow covers and all, to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of the Reform League of New York, asking for
the early passage of the supplementary civil
rights bill; also, a petition to the same effect
from citizens of Florida; also, a petition to
the same effect from Denver, with two hurt,
dred and thirteen -names ; also, a petition to
the same effect from Huntingdon, Pennsyl-
vania. I move (hat they be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. SUMNM. J also present a petltio?)
from the committee appointed by the Repub-
lican general committee of the District of
Columbia to represent the Republican party
of this District in advocacy of the civil rights
amendment to the amnesty bill now before the
Senate, in which they " respectfully and earn-
estly pray your honorable body to enact into
law this great yet simple measure of justice,
and respectfully urge upon your consideration
the unmistakable demand of the great masses
of the Republican party of the country that
equality of civil rights to loyal citizens should
at least, go hand in hand with amnesty to those
who inaugurated rebellion and plunged the
nation into war." They annex to their peti-
tion a series of resolutions adopted at a large
meeting, in which they say:
"We regard with distrust the apparent neglect in
certain quarters to place the just claims of loyal,
law-abiding, and outraged people in suboidin.ition
to disloyal or unreflecting clamors for the removal
of rebel disabilities, and we repudiate as unworthy
of American statesmanship, and as wanting in the
commonest elements of political sasaeity, that line
of policy which fawns upon foes and tramples upon
friends."
These, sir, are the sentiments of the Repub-
licans of the District of Columbia through their
committee. I move the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present another pe-
tition signed by the Republican members of
the Legislature of Georgia, in which they ask
for the passage of the supplementary civil
rights bill; but beyond that they set forth that
they are suffering from the enormities of the
Tvu Klux Klan in their neighborhood, that they
have not through the courts sufficient means
of justice, and they ask for additional legisla-
tion by Congiess for their protection. Con-
sidering the importance of that portion of their
prayer, and that it naturally belongs to the
Committee on the Judiciary, I move the ref-
erence of this petition to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T have received a peti-
tion signed by thousands of persons in the
State of Illinois, in the counlies of Marshall,
Jo Daviess, Warren, McLean, Will, Shelby,
Saline, Piatt, and White; and also petitions
from Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, and Iowa, all of them praying for
the reduction of the tariff to a revenue stand-
ard and the immediate repeal of the duties
upon coal, salt, and pig iron. I move that
they be referred to the Committee on Finance,
and I commend them especially to the attention
of my friend from Vermont, who seems lo be
disturbed by these thousand of petitioners that
want to establish a tariff' that shall protect all
classes of industry, instead of taxing one to
build up monopolies and moneyed interests
in behalf of another.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I haveentire
respect for petitions that are spontaneous,
that come from the people, but when the Sen-
ator from Illinois and others become the organ
of an organization gotten up in New York
that prints petitions and sends them out at its
expense, all m the same yellow-coveted litera-
ture, so that we recognize them at once as not
being spontaneous petitions, but merely a re-
sponse to the demands of a British free-trade
league in the city of New Y'ork, then, sir, I
have no respect at all for such petitions.
The petitions were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to draw the attention of the Senate, as
the morning hour is consumed by remarks on
petitions, to the wording of the twenty fourth
rule, which states that all petiiions "shall be
referred, of course, without putting a question
for that purpose," which seems to imply no
debate '« unless tho reference is objecied to
by a Senator at the time such petition, memo-
rial, or other paper is presented." If object-
ed to, they are then liable, of course, to be
debated,
