3206
THE COMKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
1
country, and I generally] concur in its views
upon that subject. When the bill passed the
House placing tea and coffee on the free list,
the New York Post came out the very next
day and attacked the members upon this floor
who voted for that bill, " because," said the
Post, "if you place tea and coffee upon the
free list, you will be compelled to continue the
present income tax." And it was because I
was unwilling to have the income tax repealed,
that I voted to put tea and coffee on the free
list.
Now, sir, I have one word more to say in
tbis connection in regard to this much dis-
cussed question. In consequence of the action
of Congress during the last five months, the
business interests of the country have been
seriously prejudiced with reference to these
articles of tea and coffee. Those gentlemen
who have constantly opposed the recent action
upon tea and coffee have caused embarrass-
ment to the trade in those articles. I received
but a day or two ago a letter from a leading
dealer in tea and coffee, who said that those
gentlemen had cost the dealers in those articles
in the United States more than twenty-five
per cent, of their entire profits by the embar-
rassment occasioned by vexatioas delay and
unstable legislation.
I am in favor of free tea and free coffee,
nnd I am willing to vote to place upon the
free list each one of the articles enumerated
by the gentleman from Now York, [Mr.
Brooks.] I am willing to go aa far as any
gentleman on this floor for practical free trade.
1 am in the fullest sense of the term a free-
trader as far as free trade can be practical !y car-
ried out. Tea and coffee oughtto beon the free
list, and I hope they will ever continue free.
[Hero iho hammer fell.]
Mr. rOTTKli. Mr. Chairman, I am one
of those alluded to by my friend from Ohio
[Mr. MokoanJ as having been in favor of the
abolition of the income tax and opposed to
the abolition of the duty on tea and coffee.
But nty desire to retain the duty upon tea and
coffee had nothing whatever to do with my
desire to abolish the income lax. My oppost
lion to the income tax is not because it is a
tax upon income, but because, as levied under
our law, it is, 1 conceive, a tax upon industry,
not upon capital; and because also 1 conceive
it to be a tax essentially demoralizing in the
liatuio of the return that is demanded of the
tax-payer. I am, therefore, under all circum-
stances, and without reference to what maybe
the duty upon any article, opposed to the in-
come tax ; and if the retention of the duty on
tea and coffee might have led to the abolition
of the income tax, I should regard that as only
another argument for retaining it.
Hut, quite independently of any question
with reference to the meome tax, 1 was lor
retaining the: duty on ten and eolfee because
its eolleelion, as has beon said over and over
again, wim not in the nature of a protection
to the manufacturers of the country.
Mr. MOltUAN. Is the income tax in the
nature of protection? If the $17,000,000 of
revenue collected as duty upon tea and eolfee
goes directly into the Treasury, does not also
the seventeen or eighteen million dollars col-
lected as income tax go directly into the
Treasury ?
Mr. POTTER. True, they both do go into
the Treasury; and if the question were which
of the two should be abolished, the dilemma
which my fiiend from Ohio [.Mr. Morgan]
seeks to put me in would exist. But with
something like one hundred million dollars
surplus in the Treasury, we are leduced to no
suelt alti'i'nai ive. We could very well alford to
abolish eid er or retain either. Because we
can afford it I am in favor of abolishing the
income lax for the reasons I liave indicated ;
and because 1 am opposed to the collection of
duties which operate in the nature of protec-
tion to raise the price of goods manufactured
in the country, I am in favor of retaining the
duty upon tea and coffee. Those gentlemen
who believe in protection are right in seeking
to get rid of that duty, and to levy duties upon
manufactured articles such as they desire to
have protected. But those who believe, as I
do, that the true interest of the people is not
generally in protecting home manufactures,
ought to agree with me in seeking to retain
the duty upon tea and coffee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I
had supposed that everybody in this House
knew that the bill which was recently carried
through Congress abolishing the duty on tea
and coffee was carried by a combination of
the votes of high protective tariff men and the
free-traders. The revenue tariff men gener-
ally voted against it. This is the fact, and it
is, I think, pretty generally understood by the
couutrj.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman will allow me
to say it is not the fact.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The measure was-
moved by a Pennsylvania high protective tariff
man ; and the yeas and nays will show that I am
right in my statement. There may be excep-
tions, but as a general statement what I have
said is correct.
I voted myself to repeal that duty. I did
so because it is a tax so evenly and so lightly
distributed to all the people of the United
States, felt so little by them, and which yields
so large an amount of revenue, the whole
enhanced priccs going into the Treasury of
the United States. It seems to me it was
not wise to take $10,000,000 out of the
Treasury in that way.
At the same time, Mr. Chairman, I have
been opposed to repealing the income tax
for the reason it is a tax which affects rich
men alone. It strikes many men not reached
by any other tax in the United States, reached
by no other tax except this income tax. It
reaches men who invest their money in United
States bonds and live upon coupons. It
reaches tho men who live upon tlieir divi-
dends from money invested in the United
States securities. It is a tax which reaches
rich men only, and for whom the war was
made as much as it was made for you and
me, and for whom the Government of this
country was as much maintained as for the
poor man, the laborer, or the manufacturer.
Therefore I was in favor of retaining both
those taxes. One hits everybody, but hits them
lightly ; and the other hits the rich man where
no other tax roaches him. The duties on tea
and eolfee have been repealed. That propo-
sition received a large majority vote in this
House and 1 believe in the other House, and I
am disposed to acquiesce in it. It is useless to
undertake not to acquiesce. Tea and coffee are
placed upon the free list, and I hope, there-
fore, we will now have an end to the discus-
sion on that subject, and then that we may go
to other articles which now pay a high duty,
in order that we may put them also on the
free list. Lot us go on with these other arti-
cles, nnd try to hit something if we can, if
possible, which will find a majority of votes in
this House. Let us try to hit something which
does not go into the Treasury, but which
goes in the way of bounties into the pockets
of monopolists.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWKS. I hope we shall now have
a vote.
The amendments to the amendment were
withdrawn.
Mr. Dawes's amendment to strike out the
paragraph about tea was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move to strike out
the next paragraph, " on coffee of all kinds
two cents per pound."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, a word further in reference to the mo-
tion to strike out coffee, in order to make out
my argument already commenced in reference
to what is necessary to constitute a free break-
fast. Now, what is the use of free coffee if on
every bushel of potatoes, on good potatoes,
coming from Nova Scotia to Maine—what is
the use of a Massachusetts man having fish
and potatoes, fish on Saturday, as it used to
be when I was in New England—what is the
use of having tea and coffee free at breakfast
when we have to pay twenty-five cents a bushel
or forty-seven and three quarters per cent, ad
valorem, on potatoes? Why is it that tea and
coffee are placed on the free list, when to the
consumer in New England there is a tax of
forty-seven and three quarters per cent, ad
valorem, on potatoes coming from Nova Sco-
tia? If my constituents desire to have for
breakfast some early potatoes from the happy
island of Bermuda, what sort of a free break-
fast is it when they have to pay twenty-
five cents a bushel ou them? If I wish to
have some early potatoes for breakfast from
Bermuda somewhere in the month of March
or April, what sense is there in telling me I
have free tea and coffee, when on every bushel
I have to pay a tax of twenty-five cents?
Mr. KELLOGG. Why did not the gentle-
man include a provision in the bill reducing
the duty?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I could not
reduce it.
Suppose we want buckwheat cakes for
breakfast; well, on buckwheat cakes the duty
is ten Der cent, ad valorem. What is the use
of telling me tea and coffee are free when, if
I want buckwheat cakes for breakfast, I have
to pay a duty of ten per cent, ad valorem ? Nor
can we have ar.v free rice. I cannot have free
rice for my breakfast table ; and what is the
reason? You tell me I can have free tea and
coffee, but on rice I have to pay a duty of one
hundred and fourteen per cent., and ou cleaned
eighty-six per cent. What is the use of talk-
ing of free tea and coffee? Suppose I want
a herring. The duty on herrings is seventeen
per cent., the duty on mackerel eighteen per
cent , on salmon nineteen per cent., and on
sardines fifty per cent. If I have free tea and
coffee I am obliged to pay a duty on herring
of seventeen percent, ad valorem.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Herring
are free.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Under the
treaty ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They
are free provided they are fresh. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If they are
salted, the duty is double almost, and there ia
three hundred per cent, on the salt. If I want
salmon which comes from the North, from the
St. Lawrence, or the river St. John, in New
Brunswick, I am obliged to pay fifty per cent.
ad valorem on that salmon.
Now, what is the use to the people of this
country of free tea and coffee when you keep
up the duty on sugar, and ou everything you
place upon what you call your free breakfast
table ?
message from the senate.
The committee informally rose, and a
message from the Senate by Mr. Simpson,
one of its clerks, iuformed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a bill
of the House of the following title :
A bill (H. R. No. 1030) to regulate_ elec-
tions in Washington and Idaho Territories.
tub tariff.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is perfectly legitimate
for the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] as well aa the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Kerr,] to oppose making tea and
coffee free. Two years ago in June, 1870,
this same question was before the House in the
form of a proposal to reduce the duty on tea
from twenty five cents a pound to fifteen cents
a pound, and the duty on coffee from five °®n'f
a pound to three cents a pound; and I find
from an examination of the record that bota
those gentlemen voted against it. Among
