1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4103
But, the facts, when they came to be known,
constituted a case of salvage, and the original
owner not having called lor the remainder,
after one half had been distributed to the
salvors the remainder should now be paid to
them, and would have been had not the pro-
ceedings taken resulted in a different disposi-
tion being made. The proceedings were insti-
tuted by the attorney of the United States
before the salvors bad come with their claim.
The case was investigated by the committee,
and as one of the sub-committee who exam-
ined the question I am of opinion that there
can be no doubt whatever but that it was a
case of salvage, and the law has been univer-
sally recognized by the couris as entitling
the salvors to the entire proceeds where
the original owner has not called for the
remainder.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This case ought to be
properly settled, for this reason : there are
twenty-seven vessels, men-of-war belongingto
the- Navy, which picked up cotton during the
war in this way. I had a list of the names
of all of them, with a statement of what was
done in each case. But my colleague on the
Committee on Naval Affairs, the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Archer,] who intended
to antagonize this bill, borrowed them from
me, and I find that he is not now in his seat.
I had not intended to say anything in regard
to the bill myself.
Of those twenty-seven vessels, four were
libeled in the courts of the city ot New York ;
and in those four cases it was held that the
whole of the property belonged to the salvors.
The other twenty-three cases were taken to
the courts of New Orleans, Boston, and Phil-
adelphia ; and in all three of those courts it
was held that the property was prize ; that the
cotton had been thrown from the confederate
vessels, or blockade-runners, while the vessels
which picked up the property were in pursuit
of them ; and inasmuch as the vessels belonged
to the United States, that those cases did not
come under the law governing cases where
individuals owued the whole of the vessel.
Now, then, if we pass this law for the Vicks-
burg, the other twenty-two, which are in the
same position, will apply to Congress for similar
action. All I ask now is that the House shall
either deal with this bill in such a way as that
its action shall bean instruction to the Naval
Committee to report all the cases upon the same
principle—because if this bill passes they will
all come in—or else that it shall refer the bill
to the committee with instructions which will
be applicable to all the cases.
I am inclined to think that the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Sutherland] is perhaps
right in his law; but it is against almost all
the decisions, and against the decision of the
Naval Committee in the last Congress, where
we had a case precisely like this, and decided
to report against it.
Mr. WH1TIH0RNE. I agreed with my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Archer,] in his opposi-
tion to this bill while it was before the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, our gerieralground
being that, inasmuch as the United States
owned the vessel which made the capture,
educated and supported the officers and men.
and afterward pensioned these men, if they
were unable for active service it was doing
gross injustice to the United Slates to affirm
that what had thus beeu captured should go
into the hands of the officers.
Mr. HAYS. I object to further debate.
The question being taken on suspending the
rules and passing the bill, there were—ayes
fourteen, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended to allow
the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be
-referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The rules having been suspended, (two thirds
having voted in favor thereof,) the bill was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
CORRECTIONS IN PRIZK LISTS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (8. No. 849) authorizing correc-
tions to be made in errors in prize lists.
The bill was read.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
lieutenant commander "w. b. cusiiing.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 173) extending the pro-
visions of the act of July 10, 1802, granting
ten years' additional service on the active list
to certain officers, to Lieutenant Commander
W. B. Cushing.
The bill was read.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on Navai Affairs.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
enforcement act.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 791) to amend an act
entitled "An act to amend an act approved
May 31, 1870, entitled ' An act to cnforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of the Union, and for
other purposes.' "
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that bill will bo
put upon its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is quite late; we have
done a great deal of business to-day, and I
think we had better adjourn.
Mr. STEVENSON. Oh, let us finish this
little bill first-
Mr. HOLMAN. I think we had better
adjourn.
The question was put upon suspending the
rules and passing the bill; and there were—
ayes 05, noes 53 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Folaxd and
Mr. Arthur were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 79, noes 68.
Mr." WALLS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 101, nays 90, not voting 43 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks, Barry,
Beattv, Bevendge, Big by, Bingham, Buckley, Baffin-
ton, Burehard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick E. Butler, Clarke, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger,
Cotton, Dan-all, De Large, Dickey. Donnan, Ducll,
Bunnell, Eamei. Elliott, Charles Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Frye, Itale, Halsey, Harmer, George K
Harris, Havens, ilawlcy, Hays, Kerry W. llazel-
ton, John W. Ilazelton, Hill, Keiley, Ketcham,
Killinger. Lamport. Lansing. Lowe, Lynch, May-
nard, McCrary, McGrew, McJunkm, MoKee, Mer-
enr, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Leonard
Myers, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac 0.
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Poland, Prindle,
Rainey, Ellis 11. Roberts. Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer,
Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shollabai ger, hnop-
maker, H. Boardman Smith. John A. Smith,
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Steven-
son, Stoughton, Strong, Sypher, Washington. Town-
send, Turner, Twiche)!, Tyner, Wakeman, Walden,
Waldron, Wallace, Walls, Whiteley, Willard, Wil-
liams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John
X. Witson—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arthur, Barnum,
Beck Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G.
Blair', Braxton,Bright, Brook*,Caldwell, Campbell,
Carroll, Oomingo, Conner, Crebs, Critcher, Cross-
lalld, Dox,  u Hose, Duke, Eldre.ige, Ely, Fmkeln-
burg, Forkcr. Henry D. Foster, Garrett. Getz, bid-
dings, Golladay, Goodrich, Haldcman. Hambieton,
Hancock, Handlcy, Honk^. Harper, llQrris,
Hay, Hereford, Ilerndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kel-
logg, Kendall, Kerr, King, Lamison, Lewis, Alanson,
Marshall. McClelland, McCnrmick, Melienry, Mc-
Intyre. MeNeely, Merrick, Mitchell, Morgan. Nib-
lack, Hosea W. Parker, Potter, Price, Randall,
Bead, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, bion 11. Rogers,
Roosevelt, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, R. Milton
Sneer, Stevens, Storm. Sutherland, bwann, lerry,
Tuthili, Van Trump, "V aughan, Waddell, Warren,
Wells, Whitthornc. Williams ot New York, Win-
chester, Wood, and Young—90.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Barber,
Boles, Cobb, Cox, Creely, Crocker, Davis, Dawes,
Jj\irnsworth, Farwell. Garfield, Griffith, Iloar,
Hooper, Houghton, Kinsella, Leach, McKinney,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morphis. Negley, Aaron F.
Perry. Eli Perry, Peters, Phttt, Porter, John Rogers,
Scoiield, Seeley, Sherwood, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Stowell, St. John, Taffe, Thomas,
Dwight Townaend, Upson, Voorhees, and Wheel-
er—43.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. B. F. MEYERS. I am paired with Mr.
Seeley, of New York. If he were here be
would vote ''ay" upon this question, and I
should vote " no."
Mr. NEGLEY I am paired with my col-
eague, Mr. Acker.
Mr. ME RBI AM. My colleague, Mr.
Wheeler, is paired with Mr. Leach, of North
Carolina. If here he would vote "ay."
Mr. WINCHESTER. My colleague, Mr.
Adams, is paired with Mr. Cobb, of North
Carolina. If here he would vote " no " upon
this question.
Mr. McCLELLAND. My colleague, Mr.
SiiEinvoon, is paired with Mr. Crocker, of
Massachusetts. If my colleague were here he
would vote " no," and Mr. Crocker would
vote ''ay."
Mr. RANDALL. My colleague, Mr. Grif-
fith is paired with Mr. Scofield.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the business upon the Speaker's table.
fokbign AND COASTINO TRADE.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 799) to amend an act
entitled " An act to regulate the foreign and
coasting trade on the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern frontiers of the United
States, and for other purposes."
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
rend a first and second time, and, on motion
of Mr. Conqeu, referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
mrs. fanny kelly.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 13) for the relief of Mrs.
Fanny Kelly.
The bill was read. It directs that there be
paid to Mrs. Fannie Kelly the sum of $5,000
in full for property taken and destroyed by the
Sioux Indians, in 1864, the sum to be taken
from any money in the Treasury which is due
or may become due to certain bands of Indians
named in the bill.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I move to amend
that bill by striking out all after the enacting
clause, and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
owing :
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized to pay Mrs. Fannie Kelly the
sum of 410,1)00 out of any money in the Treasury not
othoiwise appropriated, in fall for property taken
and destroyed by the Sioux Iudians in the year 1864.
Mr. AMBLER. I would like to understand
from my colleague [Mr. Foster, of Ohio,]
whether the amendment offered by him comes
from the Committee on Claims, of which he
is a member, or whether it is a mere voluntary
amendment of his own.
Mr. SHANKS. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Ambler,] if his colleague
[Mr. Foster | will permit me, that the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to which a bill simi-
lar to this was referred some time ago, con-
sidered this subject very carefully and author-
ized me to report a bill appropriating $15,000.
The amendment proposed to this bill is for
§5,000 less than the Committee on Indian
Affairs authorized me to report after a careful
consideration of the subject. I hope the
amendment will be agreed to, and the bill, as
amended, passed.
The question was taken, and, (two thirds
voting in favor favor thereof,) the rules were
