1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2311
last Congress, which in these respects corre-
sponds with the pending bill.
I know it will be said there is to be no forced
substitution of the new coin for the old, but
only that so far as new coin shall be required
it shall be issued under the provisions of this
bill. But it should be remembered that this
subsidiary coin is base coin, and is of no in-
trinsic value whatever. Its vain-1 consists in
the provision of law for the rei- aption of
subsidiary coins by the paper currency of the
Government. Now, 1 apprehend that it will
be in the power of the officers of the Treasury
Department to so manage the redemption of
the present base coin as to make it less avail-
abletiian the proposed copper-nickel subsidiary
coinage, and thus induce their exchange, and
in effect force the new coinage directed by this
bill into circulation instead, until all the pres-
ent base coin i§ changed for the new subsidiary
copper-nickel coin provided for in this bill.
Generally, in looking over this bill, I am
disposed to agree with the Director of the Mint
of the United States at Philadelphia when he
says '' the proposed bill so far as it is a copy of
the existing laws is to be approved, but the
alterations suggested with very few exceptions
are changes without any improvement, nor do
they provide any remedy for supposed defects
beyond what now exists." When, sir, the
House comes to look through the bill and see
what it is, it will find, I think, that it is a
measuie providing for the recoinageof several
hundred millions of pieces of subsidiary nickel
coin to take the place of the existing live-cent
piece, the existing three-cent piece, and the
existing two and one cent pieces to no public
advantage andto the gain of the nickel owners,
but at a great expense to the people. There is
also a section of the bill to wiiicli, when we
come to it, I shall particularly call the atten-
tion of the House, by which the purchase of
nickel is left in the hands of the officers cre-
ated by this measure, with a discretion which
should not be permitted and which I think
may be in the last degree dangerous.
There are also other provisions in the bill
which seem to me to militate against its being
adopted at all at this time. For instance, the
provision in regard to refining, which I think
was intended to protect a system of private
refining which now exists at San Francisco,
in regard to which, I presume, I differ fiom my
friend on my left, [Mr. Sargent.] in thinking,
as I do, that it is very disadvantageous to the
Government. One intention of the bill, I
believe, was to protect that system, as X shall
seek to show when the occasion comes.
The time allowed to me being, however,
about exhausted, I will only repeat, sir, that I
think no sufficient reason has been suggested
for generally revising the Mint and coiuage
laws at this time, and this consideration, to-
gether with the particular objections I have
alluded to, are, it seems to me, sufficient rea-
sons why this bill should not be adopted now.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. 1 yield
now to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
k ei/ley.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, in the course
of my congressional career, now becoming
somewhat extended, I have had frequent occa-
sion to notice that any legislation, however
general in its character, which assails existing
abuses, and would abolish opportunities for
illegitimate profits to speculators, is met with
zealous and seemingly organized opposition ;
and that gentlemen on this floor, who are far
above suspicion, are plied with arguments so
ingenious that, without being aware of it, they
become the defenders of private jobs, and ven-
erated, because they are profitable, abuses.
It was apparent to me when 1 had the
honor of bringing this bill to the attention of
the House the other day that those who have
an interest in securing its defeat, which now
amounts to at least trom a quarter to a half
million dollars a year, and which would, if we
were on the basis of specie payments, have an
interest running up into many millions, had
ingeniously plied some of the leading members
of the House with suggestions touching the
minor derails of the bill, which, if accepted by
the House, might render its .passage impossi-
ble. I therefore asked its recommitment to
the committee. I grieve to say that by reason
of my connection with the Committee of Ways
and Means I have since then been unable to
participate in the deliberations of the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures.
The bill, as it comes amended before the
House to day, is therefore the work of other
hands than mine, as indeed was the bill which
I presented and attempted to have considered
and adopted, it is a bill prepared at the sug-
gestion and under the supervision of the Treas-
ury Department, and now comes to us revised
with much care by the Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures, exclusive of the chair-
man, his absence being accounted for by the
reasons I have given.
Let me, Mr. Speaker, hastily point out some
of the interests that are on this floor seeking
to protect themselves by preventing the pas-
sage of this bill. One silver bullion dealer
of New York during the last Congress admit-
ted to the gentleman who is now acting as
chairman of the committee in charge of the
bill that under one defect in existing laws he
was making at. the cost of the Government
from seventy five thousand to one hundred
thousand dollars a year. Is it any wonder
that a man who has such large profits depend-
ent upon the continuance of the existing sys-
tem should be able to furnish gentlemen with
ingenious arguments about subsidiary coinage,
and in proof of the lack of necessity to take
in the fourteen varieties of minor coins, and
to substitute but three for the fourteen? His
profits—and he is but one of those who are grow-
ing fat and greedy upon the defects m our Mint
laws—arise in this way: our country, like every
other civilized Government, should procure its
own metal outof which to make subsidiary coig^
age. Now, sir, every coin of ours that is nonj
gold is subsidiary. Our silver dollar, half dol-
lar, and every other coin that is notgold is sub-
sidiary. As gentlemen seem to express sur-
prise at this proposition, 1 repeat that silver
coin is subsidiary. The half dollar is not worth
fifty cents. All other Governments pay the
expense of minting by the difference between-'
the intrinsic value of subsidiary coins and the
value'at which they circulate and at which
the Government redeems them. And such was
the law of this country until by a ruling of
Mr. Guthrie, when he was Secretary ot the
Treasury, the Mint was ordered to receive sUi.
ver from private individuals and coin it. Now,
it so happens that, a constituent of the gentle-
man ftom New York has beeD taking advan-
tage of that ruling and deposited silver to be
made into half dollars and other silver coins ;
and for every two dollars' worth of silver de-
posited by him he gets four half dollars and
one ten-cent piece, or the equivalent thereof.
He has, as he stated to my colleague [Mr.
Hoopeh, of Massachusetts] and myself, been
doing a business of from eighteen hundred
thousand to two million dollars per annum,
giving him as profit an annual income equal to
the salary of the President for the presidential
term. Is it to be wondered at that that gentle-
man should suggest to the gentleman from
Now York that there might possibly be some
loss to the Government in taking in the old
copper and copper-bronze pennies and issuing,
now nickel one, two, and three cent pieces ?—'
Mr. POTTER. I desite to say that the
taking in of the old copper pennies has noth-
ing to do with this maiter. and I never heard
of it. n
Mr. KELLEY. 1 have no doubt the gen-'
tlemairs constituent carefully concealed from
him his large interest in it while he plied him,
with petty plausibilities. _Ji
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman knows that!
I have not a bullion dealer in my district. I
represent an agricultural district.
Mr. KELLEY. We take you as a Repre-
sentative or'the city of New York.
Again, sir, by a mistake in our law it has
become impossible to retain an American sil-
ver dollar in this country except in collections
of curiosities. They would it' coined in con-
siderable numbers be a source of enormous \
profit to the silver bullion dealers of New \
York. Let me show you. The silver dollar ;
required by our laws is worth three and a half i
cents more than our gold dollar, and is worth /
seven cents more than two half dollars. Now,
sir, let us get back, as the gentleman desires,]/
to specie payment before we legislate upon)
the mint laws, and you will have an interest!
of from one million to many million dollars a
year here with its lobby in and around the
House to prevent the Government from the
possibility of losing a few dollars by substi-
tuting copper-nickel for copper and copper-
bronze coinage.
Every dollar we will then coin in silver will
put from three and a half to seven cenis in the
pocket of the individual broker. Every half
dollar for which he may deposit in silver and
have it coined will yield him a profit of two
and a half cents. 1 think we can afford to
get new dies cut for the new nickel coinage if
the silver bullion brokers of New York will
let us save the millions we are now wasting on
them in this way. Besides, sir, by doing this \
we may retain within our country a silver coin- \
age, which we cannot do unless we do revise \
the laws in this respect. Why, sir, there is t
not a merchant in the world that would not I
gladly send gold here with which to buy Amei-
ican silver dollars and make three and a half j
cents on the exchange of every dollar. There
is not a silver bullion dealer that would not
gladly supply the vacuum felt by the forty
million ot the American people, who will use
silver coinage when it shall again come into
use, inasmuch as for every two dollars he
would send to t.he Mint he would get back two
dollars in half dollars and a ten-cent, piece,
and a silver dollar, worth lOSJ cents, in ex-
change for every dollar deposited in gold.
Would not this be a paying rate of interest?
More than this, the silver coinage of Eng-
land is ten per cent, below the gold standard.
Ours is but four, and it would be a matter of
profit to the British Government to send silver
bullion to our mints to be refined, parted,
alloyed, and coined into halt dollars, and then
to carry it over to England and convert it into
their own coinage at ten per cent, below gold
standard value.
Now, sir, is the Government of the United
States to be made the prey of the people of
the world in order to give large profits to a
few silver bullion brokers in New York? For
there is the whole question. Beyond that it is
a mere question of petty detail. Shall the
Government of the United States control its
Mint? The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Potter] cannot tell without referring to the
books who the Director of the Mint at Phila-
delphia is to report to. who the manager of the
assay office at New York is to report to, who
the manager of the Carson City mint is to re-
port to. The law on this subject is in achaotic
condition. One reports to one, another to
another, and another to a third officer of the
Government. And there is no responsibility
and no means of holding to duty those who
violate the law.
But I have shown you but a small part of
the profits that the bullion gamblers and deal-
ers of New York city are making under our
loose laws. It has come to the knowledge of
the Government and of the Committee on
Coinage, Weights, and Measures that the
bullion in the Treasury of the United States
is loaned out in the city of New York
for profit to some one, not the Govern-
