1872,
THE COWiffiSSKWA^ GLOBE.
82G7
other propositions snbipitted to reduce the
gpiount of our customs duty nearly twenty-five
jnillion dollars, they thought proper to oppose
that proposition by their vote ; and op the
final pa-sgage of the bil|, which reduced (.hie
#p}plipt of duties within a fraction of eighty
ipilliou dollars, I found those gentlemen con-
sistently voting in the negative.
I do not conjplain of their vote. I !}o pot
pbject to it, although it is one in which I did
pot poijonr, and do not pow concur. They
Jiad p. right to give what vote they thought
proper. I refer to it in order that we may see
the uniformity they maintain in their line of
policy of keeping np taxes where tliey fall
directly upon our own people, the laboring
Masses of opr country, the men who toil and
pay their taxes in some shape from the wages
thpy earn. But when it comes to imposing a
lax upon the men who come in here from
abroad with their products to sell, who copae
jp here seeking the benefit of our market,
when it is a question of imposing a ta? that
will interfere with what they call comipefce,
then we hear a w.ai( beginning in Manchester
9B.d Sheffield, ^nd copaing across the water
until it is reverberated upon the other side qf
the Hall.
Novy, my policy is tQ collect pjjr tajjes from
jthose lyho CQBje here to make profit, to make
gain, by thejr trade with us; to exact from
jthem a part of the profits which they jpake
frojn our people and put it into your Treas-
ury. But when you tax such people, either
by what is called direct taxation, or by an
ipdjrect taxation that necessarily reaches thero,
such a law meets the approbation of those
gentlejmen. That is the difference between
geptlejjien who advocate what is sometimes
called proteciion, and those who advocate
yhat, is .called l'rce trade.
.Gentlemen on the other side tell us a great
deal about monopoly. They are opposed to
monopolies. But when you analyze their
v opposition you find it is to what they call
'^monopoly pn this side of the water, and not
Jo monopoly on the other side of the water.
Why, two years ago, it will be recollected, we
had the subject of Bessemer st.eel for railroad
iron very much discussed in this House. It
was said to be a monopoly because it was a
process that was patented, and to that extent
the right was in the patentee. But the objec-
tion was that the patentee on this side of the
water should pake money by the process,
and not that the operator abroad should not
be remunerated. I am opposed to any scheme
of taxation which looks to burdening our own
people and leaving all the rest of the world
free and untrammeled to profit by our mar-
kets, and then to carry their profits into other
lands for the building up of other communi-
ties.
The question being taken o,n the moiion of
Mr. Dawes, to strike out the paragraph, it
was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to come in at this part of the bill. I
propose .to insert, "on chiceory, unground,
one cent per pound." We have taken the
duty off tea and coffee, and chiccory is the popu-
lar substitute for coffee.
Mr. FIJJKELNBURG. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I would like to know whether
itis in order to insert new articles in this bill?
In the last, Congress amendments of that
character were j-uled out. I desire that we
should understand now precisely what, is the
rule, for many of us may have amendments to
uropose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Cbair understands
the amendment, of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kellby] is in order.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. In the last Con-
gress I offered an amendment in regard to
salt, which article was not in the bill, and it
was then ruled that I must wait until the end
of the bill was reached before I could offer
my amendment. Now, I think this amend-
ment nf the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. heller] is of a similar character.
The CHAIR The Chair overrules
the point of order; and rules that tf}e amenij-
meot is in ordpr.
Mr. FIN K EL N B UE G. I pnly desired to
get a ruling of the Chair upon fhaf subject-
Mr. QARF1E[jD, of Ohio. My recollection
is precisely like that of the gentleman from
Missonri, [Mr. FmpELNBUftG,] that it t?as
ruled that any new subject-matfer must be
introduced at the epd of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to debate.
Mr. KELLE Y. phiccory is pot a pew sub-
ject-matter ; it !S akin to coffee and a substitute
for it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Coffee is not
in this bill.
Mr. KELLER. It ha? just beep acted upon
by the Committee of the Whole. I piove to
reduce the rate of duty on chicory to one cent
per pound, l'or the purpose .of making it occupy
a relative position to tea and coffee. Chiccory
is a plant 
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest fo the gen-
tleman that his ipotion is a proper ope when
made at the proper time. If he ?ill make it
at the end of the bill I will join with him.
Mr. KELLEY. I understand the Chair to
rule my amendment in order at this point.
Mr. DAWES. That may be; but! ask the
the gentleman to reserve it until we reach the
end of the bill.
Mr. KELLEY. Very well; I will do so
with the understanding that I shall have an
opportunity to move it.
.Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman can
have that opportunity at the end of the bill-
Mr. GARP1ELD, of Ohio. I will not ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair, but I am
sure that if it is insisted upon it will add ten
days to the consideration of this bill, for
under it every possible article can be added by
way of amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. Why does the gentleman
lecture me when I have withdrawn my amend-
ment? Did he not hear mewithdraw it?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not.
Mr. KELLEY. Did he not see me take my
seat?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly I did
not.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend by adding a proviso at the end of the
tenth line of the bill to the effect that all
duties on sugar, refined and unrefined, shall
be repealed.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment of the gentleman should be
offered at the end of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I under-
stand thattheamendmentin regard to chiccory
was offered here.
Mr. DAWES. That amendment has been
withdrawn.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Very well;
I will withdraw sugar if chiccory has been
withdrawn.
The Clerk read the following :
On all bituminous coal and shale, fifty cents per
toil of twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to the
bushel.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "fifty cents" and inserting " one dol-
lar per ton on all bituminous coal and shale
of twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to the
bushel." I do not object to an attempt at a
reduction of the tariff; I am in favor of it as
far as it is practicable ; but I submit that the
reductions should bear some just relations to
each other, that the amount of protection
inseparable from a tariff should be equitably
distributed.
It is proposed to reduce the duties upon the
great staples of production, upon cotton, iron,
woolen, hair goods, &c., ten per cent. But
when you come to bituminous coal the reduc-
tion is sixty per cont. I cannot understand
why both the majority and the minority of the
Committee of Ways and Means have united
in this common massacre. At a dollar a ton
the duty on bituminous coal will be equal to
that on several articles which are protected.
A dollar a ton would be a reduction of twenty
per cent, upon the present rate of duty, which
is $1 25 per ton. I do not understand how,
in justice and equity, an interest which is just
in the infancy of ifs development in my State,
should be'singled out by bofh sides tor mas-
sacre.
The demand for free coal iipon the ground
of extortionate prices is disingenuous. The
complaint with regard to the high price of
coal comes from those who use anthracite coal.
They are two different articles, and cannot be
substituted for each other. The history of the
imposition of this duty of 25 per top shows
that it has, so far from increasing the price to
the consumer, realjy reduced the piice. Take
the five years preceding the expiration of the
reciprocity treaty, and the five years subse-
quent thereto, and it will be found that the
average reduction in fhe price of coal in con-
sequence of the imposition of this duty has
been eighty-five cents per ton; and the increase
of production has been remarkable.
In 1866, when tffe reciprocity treaty expired,
there were but two million tons of bituminous
coal produced in this country. Now, four
million five hundred tons are shipped to the
Atlantic sea-board, and the cost of the article
is lower than it ever was under the reciprocity
treaty. It gets lower every day. So far is it
from being the fact that this duty tends t o cause
exorbitant prices on the part of our people,
I submit that there was not a company in
Maryland last year that was able to declare
six per cent,, dividend upon its business ; and
I allege that those companies cannot to-day
realize for their coal in New York or Boston
a profit of fifteen cents a ton. Now, then,
strike down this duty of $1 25 a ton for the
benefit of the Nova Scotia interests, and you
place it in the power of those people again
to run up the price of coal to fifteen dollars a
ton, as they did during the war, when the
transportation from our coal fields was sus-
pended.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend by striking out lines eleven and twelve
of the bill, the effect of which will be to leave
the duty, as uow fixed by law, at $1 25 per
ton. In 1842 the duty imposed upon bitumin-
ous coal was $1 75, and to-day the price of
coal to the consumer is less than it was when
that duty of Spl 75 was levied. This reduction
of price has been caused by the increased pro-
duction of the article.
In addition to what has been said by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Ritchie,] I
wish to say that there is not a colliery in west-
ern Pennsylvania that divides to-day six per
cent, annual profits upon its capital. Tlxe gen-
tlemen who talk so much about the oppres-
sion of the duty upon bituminous coal can
to day buy any colliery there upon guaran-
tying to the capitalists who own it seven per
cent, upon their investment.
Mr. Chairman, upon this question I do not
speak in the interest of capital. I desire to
keep the duty up oil the ground that it is for
the protection of labor. i have listened to
some of the eloquent speeches here about pro-
tection to the labor of the conn1 ry. My friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.] my friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.J and other gentlemen,
have vied with each other in declaring what
had better be done for the labor of the coun-
try. I may say, Mr. Chairmau, that if thej
interests of labor are not protected, the labor-1.
ing men have power to make themselves heard
in the administration of the Government, as
they will do before very long.
Mr. BIRD. Will the gentleman give us the
number of laborers employed in this avoca-
tion?
