18T2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
46?
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
"Answer. There might be oases where he coald,
and theie might be cases where he could not; I could
not say as to that. But I know there never has been
any trouble on that score." * * * * "In
our town they have always voted without trouble;
there has nevor been any unfairness that I heard of,
" Question. On either side?
•VUsfivr. On either side.
"Question, You have had six years' experience with
colored people here?
"Answer. Yes. sir.
"Question. You have employed themyourseti, and
have seen theua in the community ?
"Anmoer. Yc*,sir. . > .
44QueHtion. What is your opinion orbeliei inregard
to their reliability or otherwise in their statement
of facts, either as witnessesorotherwise?
"An#wpr. I do not have much confidence in them ;
I do not honestly believe that they know when they
aie tellina: tho truth. They have an indifferent way
of talking and ot'dealing; I know it is so, so far as
business on the farm goes. I think they teel as little
unconcerned about it as possible. I have seen intel-
ligent negro men who knew what they were about;
but, as a general thing, I do not believe it is so. This
experience goes through ail the details of farming,
from one end to the other, their reliability, in work,
their reliability in statement, and everything of the
kind. I have come to the conclusion that there is
no dependence in them. From one end of my plant-
ation to tho othor there is nothing keptexceptunder
lock and key. I do not believethere is a negro man
on my plantation that I would trust to do anything
where it required the utmost confidence.
Perhaps I may add that this gentleman
seemed to have the good opinion of every one
in Georgia, the respect of all. _ They had ad-
vanced him to a place of eminence in their
agricultural association. He is like yourself,
sir, a member of the Republican party, out-
spoken, and i doubt not conscientious 111 lus
political action. This is his account. He
speaks at page 718 ot some forty northern
families who have settled fti that neighboihood
who all enjoyed peace, security, and happi-
ness as he did himself.
Another witness very much of the same char-
acter was Captain Oliver I1. Lyon, formerly
of the United States Army, whose testimony
is to be found at page 378. He was called by
me. He was from the State of Maryland. He
is by present occupation a railroad contractor
and has been in Georgia since the spring of
1866. He was an officer of the United States
Army, of the second Maryland regiment, and
was in the Army three years and four months.
He came to Georgia to engage in planting in
1865, but changed his occupation to railway
contractor. Tho result was that he employed
the labor of the State, and had as many as
three hundred colored men in bis employ-
ment at different points in the State at differ-
ent times engaged in the work of constructing
railways. He drove through Georgia m a
bugs;y from north to south twice. He moved
his camp of colored laborers into any county
where the business of his railway construction
called him, and he declares that not one of his
colored people at any time at any place was
ever disturbed by any armed bands or by any-
body else, but they lived and moved in peace
and security in every .section where their labor
called them. Be testified to the temper of
the people, their treatment of northern peo-
ple when they came there, at page 380 :
"Question. I will now ask you whether citizens
from the northern States coming down hero, men
of fair character and of honest occupation, nave
not a fair chance, and are not welcomed by the
people of the State ? ...
"Amwer. It has seemod to me that, it anything,
they have a better chance. X can take a citizen
from any section of the North and, if be has the
means to carry on any business he can got along
Dro^perously, and ho would be welcomed by all to
whom I introduced him. Ido notmmele with any
but tho right kind of people. There are other
classes, but X have never had any business with
them/'
Lest it may be misunderstood what he
means by " the right kind of people," let me
say that this gentleman was and is a member
of the Republican party ; that he got out of a
sick-bed to walk three miles to vote lor the
present President of the United States : that
ne registered those counties; that he knows
all about the relations of the people, and he
here came and stated in Bubstance what I have
said to you; and then being subjected to the
usual rigorous examination, he sustains all
that he said and strengthens as he is pressed
upon it.
As I said, I called for the testimony of such
judges of the State as the committee would
permit to be examined ; but they left Atlanta
without venturing to examine the chief jus-
tice of the supreme court and his associates.
Among the other witnesses was a Mr. George
P. Burnett, of Ohio, a son of a gentleman
formerly a Senator in this body from the State
of Ohio, whose testimony in regard to the
character and feeling of the southern people
is very much as I have described. He has
found a happy home and kindly welcome at
the hands of the people of Georgia, and so
will any man who feels disposed to act with
ordinary kindness, with common decency
toward the people of that community; and
he who will not is not fit to be welcomed
anywhere.
1 have stated distinctly to what extent these
organizations for inflicting injury upon the
black or the white can be said to exist in
Georgia. I have also stated that as to con-
spiracies to resist the Government, either State
or Federal, there is not a trace; and to pre-
vent or obstruct the colored people or any
other class from exercising their legal rights
there is no trace except the admitted preva-
lence of secret oath-bound political as-ocia-
tions among lhe negroes completely destroying
their personal independence, and rendering
them, like a herd of cattle, subject to the con-
trol of a few cunning, unprincipled men, who
are usually preachers like Tnrtier or Pearce.
Whatever may be thepossibilities of the future
the experience thus far most noted in the un-
happy States of this Union now under consid-
eration demonstrates that government under
negro suffrage is a horrid mockery, producing
no one result for which government among
men was ordained, nothing but demoraliza-
tion, disordei, ruin, anarchy, which are its natu-
ral results. Housed by a sense of their dangers,
the white people of Georgia have, with few
exceptions, merged all former party names and
differences, and have become linked by the
necessities of simply honest government. In
the face of such sufferings as theirs have been,
all petty dissensions are hushed. Thus banded,
they have struggled to their feet, and while the
committee of Congress satin Atlanta the first
honest Legislature of Georgia since the war
assembled to commence the work of reform.
Bullock fled with his plunder beyond the bor-
ders of the State; Conley, his successor in
office, sought to obstruct the course of reform ;
but calmly, sagaciously, firmly, the Legislature
of Georgia proceeded to its work. An elec-
tion was called under the constitution to fill
the office of Governor. Committees to inves-
tigate the frauds and put an end to rascally
contracts, and ascertain the true condition ot
the Stale financially, weie set to work.
Here, however, it is due, in speaking of the
State government of Georgia, as I have been
compelled to speak of it in general terms as
corrupt, to note the few honest men who were
there, remarkable instances in such a season
of evil. The people of Georgia, 1 know, fully
recognize their debt of gratitude to the hon-
esty, the firmness, the sagacity of Mr. Augier,
a northern gentleman, a member of the lie-
publican party, who was their State treasurer.
He stood as a bulwark between them and the
schemes of spoliation which Bullock contem-
plated; and they may thank him, his intelli-
gence, his courage, that, they are not much
worse off than they are pecuniarily; and every-
where that I went did I hear Mr. Augier spoken
of with respect, and it is but another proof
that all that is wanted in that State to com-
mend a man to public admiration are the same
qualities of integrity, of worth, of intelligence
that gain men respect anywhere.
I do not propose to fatigue the Senate by
an attempted recapitulation of all the wrongs
perpetrated by the Legislature that was put
in power in Georgia by the order of the Pres-
ident of the United States; how these people,
whose cry was loud for education, as the very
first thing sequestrated the school fund, which,
by the terms of their constitution, was sacredly
set apart, being the proceeds of the poll-tax
exclusively set apart for purposes of educa-
tion ; how the Legislature of Georgia, against
the vote, I am proud and happy to say, of
every Democrat in it, voted to appropriate
the school fund in the treasury for their own
pay, and so took itand prevented theirsohools
from being established.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator mean
to say that'every Democrat in the Legislature
of Georgia, to whioh 1 understand him to be
referring, voted against this reorganization
of the Legislature? . - i . .
Mr. BAYAliD, The Senator did .not
understand me. 1 said that finding themselves
without ready money for their own pay, the
Legislature of Georgia took the school fund
which was in the treasury, and which by the
constitution of the State was segregated ex-
pressly for educational purposes—for by the
constitution it was declared that the poll-tax
should be applied for educational purposes,
and it had been kept for that always—and voted
that school fund for their own pay, and they
did it against the vote of every Democrat in
the Legislature. That is my information, and
1 state it as being true upon information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the Senator eaid iu
the same connection, as preceding and as part
of it, that this was a Legislature that was
created iu substance.by order of the President
of the United States.
Mr. BAYAliD. I did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, touching the Dem-
ocrats, the evidence is—and i remember it
quite plainly—that some, I do not remember
the number, but some of the Democrats of
the most extreme secession school,, even, of
the Ku Klux school, if that makes any differ-
ence, 1 do not know that it does 
Mr. BAYAliD. The Senator and I would
not classify them the same way perhaps.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Supported the organiza-
tion got up by Governor Bullock and his man
Harris on that occasion ; and it was not created
by order off the President of the United States,
but by the act of those people themselves,
being suffered by Terry, it is true, and I think
wrongfully suffered. But instead of being the
act of the Republicans there, if it had been
left to the lit'publicans alone the Legislature
would not hare been organized as it was ; but
some of the extreme secession Democrats
sided with Governor Bullock and his party
and got up this Legislature which my friend
savs did thus and so 
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator may be speaking of something different
from what I am ; but if he is not, he is cer-
tainly grossly in error. I say that the Georgia
Legislature which took this schooi fund was
filled with men who had been expelled, and
they were filled by order of the President of
the United States to his military commander,
and that they were put in their places by bayo-
nets, and that after they got there they took
the school fund and devoted it for their own
pay, and they did that in opposition to the
Democratic vote. Now he speaks of the or-
ganization. I do not think 1 used the word.
1 did not refer to the method of the organiza-
tion. I have a history of it here, and 1 believe
I can give it very accurately if it is necessary;
but I did not refer to the method of the organi-
zation of the Legislature except that it was
organized under military orders.
