4104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3L>
suspended, and the bill was passed with the
amendment.
Mr. KILLINGER. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 84, noes 81.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. PERCE called for tellers.
The SPEAKER. Those in favor of tellers
will rise and stand until counted. There
are more than twenty-five gentlemen either
rising or standing, and tellers are ordered.
Mr. Perce, of Mississippi, and Mr. Rice, of
Illinois, will act as tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 93, noes 68.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 230) for the relief of Mary
M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clark, deceased;
An act (S. No. 298) directing the convey-
ance of certain lots of ground with the im-
provements thereon, for the use of the public
schools of the city of Washington ;
An act (S. No. 299) amending an act enti-
tled "An act directing the conveyance of a lot
of ground for the use of the public schools of
the city of Washington;" and
An act (S. No. 324) to extend the provisions
of an act entitled "An act for the final adjust-
ment of private land claims in the States of
Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and for
other purposes."
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled billsoftbe following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 2397) grantinga pension
to Margaret C. Gibson ;
An act (H. R. No. 2398)granting a pension
to Martha G. Rudolph;
An act(H. R. No. 2400) granting a pension
to William B. Taylor ;
An act(H. R.'No.'2401) granting a pension
to Margaret Caldwell;
An act (H. R. No. 2416) granting a pension
to Andrew Reinfort,;
An act (H. R. No. 2417) granting a pen-
sion to Abraham Cooper ;
An act (H. tt. No. 2418) granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Nancy E. Pugh;
An act (H. R. No. 2422) granting a pen-
sion to Phoebe Ann Elderkin ;
An act (tL R. No. 242) granting a pension
to James Supple ; and
An act (H. R. No. 2708) relative to the
Centennial International Exhibition, to be
held in the city of Philadelphia, State of
Pennsylvania, in the year 1870.
leave to print.
Mr. TURNER asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have printed >n the Globe
some remarks he had prepared upon the cot-
ton tax, and also upon the necessity of erecting
a public building in Selma, Alabama. [See
Appendix.]
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. BARRY asked and obtained leave, by
unanimous consent, for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Mary E. Sacia.
Mr. BRIGHT asked and obtained leave,
by unanimous consent, for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
relation to the First Baptist church at Tulla-
homa, Tennessee.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House
papers in the case of William P. Simrns apply-
ing for a pension.
Mr. TWICHELL, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House papers in the cases of George W.
Plummer and of Wyley J. Davis.
leave op absence.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained indefinite leave of absence on account
of sickness in his family.
message urom the senate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, annouced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to the bill (S. No. 324) to extend the
provisions of an act entitled " An act for the
final adjustment of private land claims in the
States of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri,
and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 1) to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relating to the Post
Office Department.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill of the following title; in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 1182) for the completion and
publication of the Medical and Surgical
History of the Rebellion.
The message further announced that the
Senate had insisted on its amendments, dis-
agreed to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No.
255) confirming to the Port Huron and Lake
Michigan Railroad Company the lands hereto-
fore granted to the State of Michigan to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Grand
Haven to Flint, and thence to Port Huron,
and providing for the manner of issuing
patents therefor, and for other purposes ; had
agreed to the conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the bill, and had appointed, as conferees
on the part of the Senate, Mr. Logan, Mr.
Pomeroy, and Mr. Casserly.
The result upon the motion of Mr. Kil-
lingek, that the House adjourn, was then
announced; and accordingly (at four o'clock
and five minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. DARRALL : A petition of 600 cit-
izens of Calcasieu parish, Louisiana, protest-
ing against the passage of House bill No. 2223,
a bill to improve the navigation of Calcasieu
river, Louisiana, and donating one hundred
thousand acres of public lands for that pur-
pose.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: The claim of
Luigi Botto, for property destroyed by United
States troops at Memphis, Tennessee.
By Mr. KELLEY : The memorial of the
American Steamship Company of Philadel-
phia, requesting the adoption by Congress of
the measure presented by the Secretary of the
Treasury recommending the passage of a law
guarantying to persons who may employ in the
foreign trade American-built first-class steam-
ships of not less than two thousand tons
burden an annual payment of thirteen dollars
per ton for a period of five years.
By Mr. MERCUR : The memorial of W. H.
Phelps, of Bradford county, Pennsylvania,
praying for relief.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Jackson
Case, late second lieutenant first Arkansas
cavalry.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 31, 1872.
The Senate met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington, District
of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. MORTON. As time is so valuable, I
suggest that we dispense with the reading of
the minutes.
Mr. KELLOGG. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the objection will
be withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the Journal.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to dispense with the reading of the Jour-
nal in order to take up a conference report.
Mr. KELLOGG. I withdraw the objection
the Senator from Michigan can obtain his
request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there further
objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now to take up
the conference report on the steamboat bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Subject to the morning
business?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, subject to the
morning business.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I object. I have
been trying for several mornings to get up a
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and
memorials are in order.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented three petitions of
late soldiers and sailors of the United States
volunteer Army and Navy, praying that indus-
trial homes and training schools be provided
for the orphans of soldiers and sailors who
served the Federal Government in the war of
the rebellion; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented amemorial of the Chero-
kee delegation, transmitting claims of Colonel
Lewis Downing and others for arrears of pay
due them for services in the late war of rebel-
lion in the Indian home guards; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Northampton county, Pennsylvania,
protesting against any change in the Consti-
tution so as to allow a person of foreign birth
to be made President of the United States;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
officers, soldiers, sailors, and marines who
have served in the Army, Navy, and Marine
corps, praying that they be allowed to sell or
assign certain lands acquired by a late amend-
ment to the homestead law ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public J
private land claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 324) to extend
the provisions of an act entitled " An act for
the final adjustment of private land claims in
the States of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri,
and for other purposes.''
The amendment was to add as an additional
section to the bill the following:
Sec. 2. That all persons claiming lands as speci-
fied in the first section of said act may have their
claims confirmed in accordance with the forms and
in the manner prescribed in said act, in all cases
where it shall be satisfactorily proved thit the
claimants and those from whom they derive title
have held continuous possession of the land claimed
from the date of the cession to the United States of
the terrxtoryout of which the States of Florida, Lou-
isiana, and Missouri were formed.
The amendment was concurred in.
house bills.
A bill (H. R. No. 1809) for the better se-
curity of bank reserves and to facilitate bank
clearing-house exchanges, was read the first
time by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be nc
objection the bill will be read the second time
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KELLOGG. Let it lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana objects to the second reading of the
bill.
Th.e bill (H. R. No. 1457) for the relief of
Martin P. Hardin, of Pontotoc county, Mis-
sissippi, was read the first time.
