mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
. On motion of Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut,
it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion and other papers of John B. Emerson, and that
the same be referred to the Committee on Patents.
On motion of Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas,
it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Caleb H.
Blood be -withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of George
E. Payne be withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
On motion of Mr. LOGAN, it was
Ordered, That the letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, comraunieu.ting, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 10th instant, a report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office con-
cerning the line of railway from the mouth of the
Ohio river to the city of Mobile, be referred to tlie
Committee on Publio Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1055) to regulate the salary
of the consul at Tien-Tsin, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R, No. 1056) author-
izing the survey and marking of the boundary
between the territory of the United States and
the possessions of Great Britain, from the
Lake of the Woods to the summit of the Rocky
mountains, reported it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 243) for the ap-
portionment of Representatives to Congress
among the several States according to the
ninth census, to report it hack to the Senate
with sundry amendments; and in eonneeiion
with this report, there are some tables which
I am instructed to present by the committee,
and ask that they be printed in connection
with the bill. I hope that we may be able to
proceed at a very early day to the consider-
ation of this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Make it a special order.
Mr.TRUMBULL. The Legislatures of many
of the States are now in session, and it is im-
portant that it should be determined how
many Representatives are to be apportioned
to the respective States, that they may take
the necessary legislative action. I understand
that in several States of the Union the Legis-
laturesare now holding over with a view of
ascertaining what the action of Congress will
be on this subject,. These tables, 1 presume,
will be printed by to-morrow, and I hope it
will meet the views of the Senate to take this
bill up immediately after the tables are pre-
sented to the Senate, so that it will understand
the principle upon which the committee have
recommended the amendments which are pro-
posed. It may be necessary, when we have
those tables before us, to make a statement in
regard to them.
Mr. MORTON. Had you not better fix a
day for the consideration of the bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Just give notice of your
intention totakeitup. That will be sufficient.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I shall move to take it
up at the earliest moment that the Senate will
consent to hear it, which I hope will be at an
early day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed, with theaccompanyingpapers, tables,
&c., arid placed on the Calendar.
Mr.-TRUMBULL. In connection with this
same subject there was a Senate bill before
the committee, a bill (S. No. G3) for the ap-
portionment of Representatives to Congress
among the several Slates according to the
ninth census, which I now report back, and
■ move that it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
392) to set apart a tract of land lying near
the headwaters of the Yellowstone as a pub-
lic park, have directed me to report it back
without amendment, to recommend its pas-
sage, and to ask that it have the present con-
sideration of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas asks unanimous consent of the Senate
for the present consideration of the bill re-
ported by him. It will be reported in full,
subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment in line nineteen
to strike out the words " after the passage of
this act," and in line twenty, after the word
"upon," to insert the words " or occupying a
part of;" so as to make the clause read, "and
all persons who shall locate or settle upon or
occupy any part of the same, or any part
thereof, except as hereinafter provided, shall
be considered as trespassers and removed there-
from."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this bill?
Mr. CAMERON. 1 should like to know
from somebody having charge of the bill, in
the first place, how many miles square are to
be set apart, or how many acres, for this pur-
pose, and what is the necessity for the park
belonging to the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill originated as
the result of the exploration, made by Pro-
fessor Hayden, under an appropriation of
Congress of last year. With a party he ex-
plored the headwaters of the Yellowstone and
found it to be a great natural curiosity, great
geysers, as they are termed, water-spouts, and
hot springs, and having platted the ground
himself, and having given me the dimensions
of it, the bill was drawn up, as it was thought
best to consecrate and set apart this great
phce of national resort, as it may be in the
future, for the purposes of public enjoyment.
Mr. MORTON. How many square miles
are there in it?
Mr. POMEROY. It is substantially forty
miles square. It is north and south forty-four
miles, and east and west forty miles. He was
careful to make a survey so as to include all
the basin where the Yellowstone has its source.
Mr. CAMERON. That is several times
larger than the District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir. There are no
arable lands; no agricultural lands there. It
is the highest elevation fromwhichoursprings
descend, and as it cannot interfere with any
settlement for legiiimateagriculturalpurposes,
it was thought that it ought to be set apart
early for this purpose. Vt e found when we set
apart the Yosemue valley that there were one
or two persons who had made claims there,
and there has been a contest, and it has finally
gone to the Supreme Court to decide whether
persons who settle on unsurveyed lands before
the Government takes possession of them by
any spceial act of Congress have righls as
against the Government. '1 he court has held
that settlers on unsurveyed landshave no rights
as against the Government. The Government
can make an appropriation of any unsurveyed
lands, notwithstanding setilers may be upon
them. As this region would be attractive only
on account of prpempting a hot spring orsome
valuable mineral, it was thought such claims
had better be excluded from the bill.
There are several Senators whose attention
has been called to this matter, and there are
photographs of the valley and the curiosities,
which Senators can see. The only object of
the bill is to take early possession of it by the
United States and set it apart, so that it can-
not be included in any claim or occupied by
any settiers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state that the Senate have not yet given their
consent to the present consideration of the bill.
The Senator from Pennsylvania desired some
explanation in regard to it. Does he reserve
the right to object ?
Mr. CAMERON. I make no objection.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not object if it is
not going to lead to debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It can be disposed of in
a minute.
Mr. THURMAN. I object to the considera-
tion of this bill in the morning hour. I am
willing to take it up when we can attend to it,
but not now.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 468) to regulate criminal practice in
the Federal courts, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 455) to amend an act entitled "An act to
authorize protection to be given to citizens of
the United States who may discover deposits
of guano,'' approved August 18,1856, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was relerred the bill (H. R.'No. 166) to amend
an act entitled "An act to authorize protection
to be given to citizens of the United States who
may discover deposits of guano," approved
August 18, 1856, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 218) to create an additional land district
in Florida, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 42!)) supplement-
ary to an act entitled "An act to aid in the
construction of telegraph lines, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and otherpurposes," approved
July 24,1866, reported it with amendments.
Mr. OSBORN. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 819) to
incorporate the Louisiana, Arkansas, and New
Mexico Railroad Company, have instructed
me to report it with amendments, and with a
recommendation that it pass. The. bill is
intended*" to incorporate a railroad company
and grant the right of way to construct a rail-
road in the Indian territory, but no land-grant
is asked. The committee only considered the
matter of the incorporation of the company
and granting the right of way. As it is intended
that the road shall enter the Indian territory,
it is quite possible some question may arise in
connection with the territorial or tribal rights
of the Indian tribes. I move, therefore, that
the bill, as amended, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs for their consider-
ation.
The motion was agreed to.
DUPLICATE CnECKS *
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Commitiee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1061) to authorize the
payment of duplicate checks of disbursing
officers, to report it back with an imendment.
This bill is very strongly pressed upon us by
the Secretary of the Treasury, the Paymaster
General, the Treasurer of the United States,
and by the Second Comptroller, Mr. Brodhead,
and in pursuance of their very urgent recom-
mendations the House have passed this bill,
j If no Senator objects to it I should like to
have it passed now.
The bill was read.
Theamendmentof the Committee on Finance
was read, being in line six of section one, after
the word "checks," to insert the words "and
within three years from such date;" so as to
read:
That in place of original checks, when lost, stolen,
or destroyed, disbursingofficers or agents of theUni-
ted Suites aro hereby authorized, after the expira-
tion of six months trdm the date of such checks,
and within three years fromsueh date, to issue dupli-
