2312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
merit. It lias come to the knowledge of the
Governmeht. that the managers of the New
York assay office, or the sub-Treasury, when
coin is abundant, will receive it on deposit and
let favored parties among the coin and bullion
dtealer have the gold bars that are supposed to
be and by law are required to be in the Treas-
ury, and when coin becomes scarce will re-
ceive bars and hand to the constituents of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Potter,]
who are disinterestedly opposing this bill, the
coin to deal with and make a profit. Now
here alone is a fraud running as I ata assured
and believe from three to seven million dollars
a year, that this bill proposes to check, yet
the gentleman from New York would resist its
passage because something may be lost by
changing our multiform penny and two and
three cent pieces into uniform pieces of one,
two, and three cents, so marked that the blind
man can tell his coin by his sense of touch,
aud the least sensitive of us can distinguish
one from the other in the datkness of night.
Now, fir. it is not, my purpose to make an
elaborate speech on this subject. I sought the
floor at this time to point out the fact that in
the existing state of tilings, with specie pay-
ments in abeyance, there is a job of from five
to ten million dollars involved in the defeat
of this bill; and that if we leave legislation
upon this subject until specie payments shall
have been resumed, that job will run up to
anywhere from ten to twenty million dollars
per annum, the amount depending upon the
extent of our commerce and our coinage. I
ask gentlemen to consider the provisions of
this bill with Ihe management, of which I am
no longer charged in the light of the facts I
have stated.
1° Mr, POTTER. If anything was necessary
jto satisfy me that this bill was a cover, and
;tbat it was gotten up to be a cover, for this
' copper-nickel operation to which I have re-
j ferred, it would be the speech just made by
jthe gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
ley.] He says there are jobs which it is
'necessary to correct by this bill. If so, then
let I hem be corrected.
And if it be true—and I know nothing to
the contrary, for I know nothing whatever m
respect of the matter beyond what the gen-
tleman says—that, the assay office of this
Government at New York is so managed
that a Iraiul is committed upon the Govern-
ment, ot from three to seven million dollars
a >eur, then by all manner of ni'-ans let that
fraud he corrected. If as the gentleman says,
the bullion brukers'of New York city, or of
any other place, make an improper profit,,
from the fact that they can deliver a dollar's
worth of silver to the Mint and receive back
more than a nominal dollar's worth of coin ;
that is, coin debased to the extent of seven
| per cent 
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; I did not say seven
per cent.
Mr. POTTER. "Well, coin debased to
some extent below its nominal value. Then
if it, is worth while for us to correct that pro-
vision ot' law, let us do so. Only it will doubt-
less so happen that when the bullion dealer
can get no profit whatever by delivering a dol-
lar's worth of silver to the Mint and receiving
coin ofiess D"al value in its stead, he will not
choose to deliver his silver to the Mint on
those terms. The condition of things which
prevails in this respect has existed for years.
If there is anything about it to be corrected—
I do not, know that there is; perhaps I ought
to be ashamed to say I never heard of it
before—then the party of the gentleman, which
has been in power for the last ten or twelve
years, should have correct"d it, long ago.
But what 1 would call the attention of the
House to now is the fact that when I say
that this bill provides for the recoinage of
Several hundred millions of base pieces of coin,
and the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia
writes to the Secretary of the Treasury that
the new pieces will have no advantage over
the old, and no reason can be assigned for the
recoinage, except that persons are interested
in the nickel material of which they are to be
recoined—when-1 say this, then the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] who
has not been heard of before on this subject,
at once springs to his feet, and, without, refut-
ing a single objection advanced against the bill,
imagines constituents for me that [ never heard
of before, constituents who do not even exist,
so far as I know, in my district, aud imagines
jobs about which I know nothing, but which
may exist for aught 1 do know, but the charge
of which come from him like the cry of one
who escapes and seeks to avoid detection by
his cries ; and by these false issues would mis-
lead the House from the real objections to this
bill. I call the attention of the House to these
facts ; for they all go, I repeat, to confirm me
in the belief that something besides a mere
revision of the Mint, laws was the purpose of
this bill, a belief I derived in the first instance
simply from reading the bill, for I have had
no communication from anybody about it ex-
cept a communication from the Chamber of
Commerce of New York, which I hold in my
hand, and from Hon. S B. ftuggles, who was
the commissioner sent by our Government to
the general coinage convention held in Europe
afewyeais since. Those are the only com-
munications 1 have seen, except from officials
of the Government, in respect to this meas-
ure. Yet from the bill itself and the speech
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] I am convinced that under the gen-
eral form of revising the Mint laws—a revis-
ion which even the Director of the Mint at
Philadelphia does not advocate—that under
the general foimot revising the Mint laws
at a time when we have no coinage in cir-
culation, and we do not expect to have any
very soon, there lies at tue bottom of the
whole thing as the moving purpose, or one
of the moving purposes, this provision for
the recoinage of several hundred millions
of nickel-copper pieces.
Mr. KELLliY. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. McNeely,] my colleague
on the committee.
Mr. McNEBLY. Mr. Speaker, I take no
part, in the fight between the gemlemen from
the cities of New York and Philadelphia. [Mr.
Potteii aud Mr. Kelley ] As the gentleman
from New York, on a former occasion, while
this subject was be'ng considered, drove the
gentleman from Pennsylvamaout of the House
with his b.ll, 1 suppose the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has a right to renew that fight.
But, sir, since this bill was reported by the
acting chauman, to which report, as a mem-
ber of the committee, 1 then objected, because
the committee had not authorized it. the com-
mittee have carefully and patiently considered
the reported bill. We have examined and
taken the advice of men well posted on the
subject, and after having made some amend-
ments I find nothing m the bill to which I
object, and many things which are improve-
ments upon the law as it is now. Still, sir,
I am not yet so well advised upon the subject,
as to say that the bill in all of its provisions
is right. It is an important subject of legisla-
tion, affecting the circulating medium of the
country, and should be well considered before
we change existing laws.
Mr. PO I. TEIl. The gentleman from Illi-
nois speaks of me as "the gentleman from
New York." I wish to say that I am not
from the city of New York, and know nothing
whatever about the posuion of that city in
reference to this bill. What I have said on
this question is from my general knowledge
ot the subject as a Representative.
Mr. \\ 000. Mi\ Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to participate in this issue between the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
and my colleague, [Mr. Potter.] I only say
as one of the Representatives from the city of
New York that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has made statements with reference to
the bullion brokers of New York and their
supposed interest itl defeating this bill which
are entirely new to me; that if, outside of the
communication referred to by my colleague as
emanating from the Chamber of Commerce,
and one or two articles in the Journal of Com-
merce, there is any movement in the city of
New York hostile to this measure, it certainly
has not come to my knowledge, nor has any
application against the bill been made to
myself.
My prejudices, if I have any, are all in favor
of this bill. I recognize the subject to be
exceedingly difficult to understand; and I
am not surprised that such intelligent gentle-
men as the Representative from Pennsylvania
and my colleague should differ as to the
meaning and intent of certain provisions of
the bill. Of all the questions that we have
been called on to legislate upon during this
Congress I look upon this bill as the most
complicated, the most intricate, the most dif-
ficult to be comprehended by men who are
not experts, Who are not familiar With the
practical operation of coining money and the
assaying and refining preparatory thereto. I
have taken some little trouble to comprehend
the bill, and to understand, as best I could,
the necessity for it.
There can be no question but that the laws
relating to this subject require revision, and
that this branch of the pubiic service demands
reorganization and improvement. The Con-
stitution gives to Congress the power to coin
money, to regulate its Value, and to fix the
standard of weights and measures; and as
early as 1792 it exercised this authority by the
establishment of the first Mint.
It 'appeared to have been the design, origin-
ally, to locate the Mint at the seat, ot the
national capital, which was then at Philadel-
phia, but influences prevailed to relam it at
Philadelphia, though the capi'al has b'en
removed. Under the law of 1835, huwever,
branches were established which subsequent
legislation has increased.
Willi reference to the regulation of the
coinage of the United Stales, and of the re-
fining and assaying of gold and t-ilver bullion,
various laws have been passed. It is very
evident,, however, that there has never been
any comprehensive plan established by Uw
which regulated the whole subject and gave
it that importance which it deserves, it is
now, a3 has been stated by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] and tho
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stoughto.y,]
nearly thirty five years smee the .Mint laws
have been revised. During that period there
has been a vast extension of business, a mul-
tiplication of mints and assay offices, a re-
duction^ in the weight of silver co'ns, and a
further issue of base coin other than the old
cent, all the result of isolated acts of Con-
gress, several of which conflict with each
other. As an illustration of the effect-; of this
want of permanency as to the base coin from
one to five cents, it is only necessary to
enumerate those issued for a few years back,
as follows:
No. 1. Copper cent.
No. 2. Cent—eighty-eight per cent, copper and
twnlve per cent, nickel.
No. 3. Bronze cent.
No. 4, Bronze two-cent piece,
No. 5. Ooppcr-niekcl three-cent piece.
No. 0. Copper-nickel five-cent piece
No. 7. hilver three-cent picce.
No. 8. Silver five-cent piece.
There have been several other variations in
coins of a higher value, to which it. is not
necessary to tefer. _ At this time much of the
control of this service is dependent, more upon
the regulation of the Treasury Department
than the authority of law.
I his is-an evii which should be corrected.
