1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2813
It is productive of insecurity and instability,
and subject to the uncertainties of circum-
stances which may become of serious injury.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his last an-
nual report, admits the necessity of some
immediate action by Congress. He says
that—
"Although the mints and assay offices are nom-
inally in charge of the Treasury Department, tbero
is not, by authority of law, any person in the De-
partment who, by virtue of his office, is suppoaed to
be informed upon the subject, and none on whom
the Secretary of the Treasury can officially rely for
information a? to the management of this important,
branch of the Government business."
There can be no doubt, therefore, of the
necessity of the establishment by Congress of
some comprehensive system, which shall not
only protect the interests of the Government,
but also, and at the same time, concentrate
the official authority with responsibility and
efficiency. It is impossible to enumerate the
many abuses which now exist, and which, from
time to time, have heretofore been practiced.
It is said that in New York, without authority
of law, deposits of bullion were received not
long since upon which loans were made by
certificate ; these certificates passed from hand
to hand, with all the confidence of the gold
certificates of the Government, amounting
to many million dollars. Thus the respons-
ible officers of the Government took it upon
themselves, without authority of law, to issue
the so-called obligation of the Government;
and I have authority for the statement that
in some cases the deposits themselves were of
an insufficient value to secure the amount of
the certificates issued upon them; and an-
other flagrant ease is the present scandalous
job in connection with the private assaying
company at San Francisco. With reference
to this case the New York Journal of Com-
merce, the leading commercial newspaper of
the United States, has the following:
"This job originated in a proviso adroitly interpo-
lated two years ago in an appropriation biff lor the
San JYancisco mint. It reads: 'And provided
fittther, Thatitsliall be lawful, until nfior the com-
pletion and occupation of said branch mint build-
ing, to exchange at any mint or branch mint of the
United Scales, unrefined or unparted bullion, when-
ever, in the opinion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, it can be done with advantage to the Govern-
ment.' A large private establishment in that city
under tllis arrangement secures an immense job of
refining uio4 ot the gold thus treated on that coast
at eight cents per ounce gross. Tile nominal charge
at the mint there is eleven cents. Duiing the last
fiscal year $19,000,000 were deposited m San Fran-
ei -("o by the miners. The Government establish-
ment should have received all this Irom the owners,
paid them for it at a charge, say, live centsperounce
gi-6?s, tind then put it into fine bars of nine hundred
and ninety-eight thousandths fine at a profit to the
Treasury. Instead of that the mine there fixes the
charge at eleven cents per ounce. This drives
$13,000,000 direct to the private refinery, but.SG,000,000
still reach the mint, under this contract that, too,
is handed over by official fingers to the private
refinery. Eight cents per ounce is paid for having
it turned into bars, mostly ranging from nine han-
dled and eighty-nine to nine hundred and ninety-
three thousandths fine, and then the mint takes it all
(the tiy.uoa.ouoi and gives coin for it. If the eharae
for coinage could be abolished, or reduced to less
than ns actual cost, as proposed in this bill, the
"ring' would have a still softer thing of the existing
job. It' the mint should part the gold as it ought,
at a proper cost, the bars would be finer, and at
least $10,000 be saved to the Treasury out of the
silver mixed with the gold, which is now wasted or
wholly unaccounted for."
The history of this proviso is interesting.
Not understanding how a provision of law of
so general a character as this could get into an
appropriation bill, I have endeavored to ascer-
tain the modus operandi by which this was
acomplished. It appears in the miscellane-
ous appropriation bill, approved July 15,1870,
as a proviso to an appropriation to continue
thebranch mintatSan Francisco of $150,000.
This is the way it stands in the law, and I have
examined the Journals and proceedings of both
Houses, as reported m the Globe, to tind out,
if possible, how it got there. There was noth-
ing of the kind iti the original bill as reported
from the Committee on Appropriations of this
House, nor was any such amendment sug-
gested or proposed to the bill when under
consideration in the House. The bill went
from the House to the Senate without any
such proviso or any amendment at all referring
to that subject, nor was any proposed in the
Senate. Other amendments were made there
which caused the bill to be sent back again to
the House, but neither House had acted upon
or had proposed to it any such proposition.
The two Houses disagreeing, the bill went to a
conference committee, which, it appears, took
upon itself, without the knowledge or consent
of either House, of interpolating this proviso
into it, and thus consummating a legislative
fraud in the interest of private corporations in
San Francisco.
I have thus referred to a few of the objec-
tions to the present business of refining and
coinage by the Government. Being thus con-
vinced of the necessity of a general revision
by Congress of the laws and practice, I come
now to consider whether the bill.before the
House will successfully accomplish that pur-
pose.
So far as this bill proposed to concentrate
the Mint and coinage of the United States
into a bureau of the Treasury Department,
embracing under its control all mints for the
manufacture of co'in, &e., there can be no
objection. So far as the bill will concentrate
and simplify the operation of the Mint and
its branches, it Will be a great improvement.
There are matters of detail, however, referring
to the machinery and organization ot the
bureau, and to the regulation andassayingofthe
coinage and changing the value of the coins,
which affects the questions of the standard of
value, and upon which none but those who
have studied the subject with great care are
capable of reaching a conclusion.
Upon the discovery of gold in California, in.
1848, the whole amount of coin in the world
was estimated at $1,800,000,000. It is now
estimated to be about four thousand millions,
or an increase of about twenty-two millions
within twenty-three years, four fifths of which
have been coined from bullion procured in the
United States. Tins large addition to the
standard of value has materially affected the
value of every species of property, real and
personal. This increase is applicable to every
article known to commerce. The law of supply
and demand is so exacting that even theorists
like Mill and others have been obliged to
recognize it. Another effect of an addition to
the volume of coin is felt in the stimulant that
it gives to human energy. This fact was shown
in the wonderful change that came over the
country after the development of our Cali-
fornia mines. For the ten years preceding
our late civil war the country enjoyed a high
state of prosperity. Alison, the English his-
torian, refers to the like effect in England.
He dwells with much force upon this subject,
saying that ''this effect to the immense addi-
tion to the currency of the world, to the in-
dustry of all nations, and iu an especial manner
of the British isles, has been prodigious."
None but experts and those who are famil-
iar, by long study and patient examination,
of the practices of European Governments,
can comprehend and determine some of the
subjects included in this bid. Indeed, the
depreciation in the value of the precious
metals, which has been going on for the last
twenty years, by the discovery and working
of new gold and silver mines, has materially
affected all values. The standard produced
by coinage has become, of course, more diffi-
cult, The great commercial lawot' supply and
demand has had its influence on this as well
as on every other species of property; hence
there can be no standard, as such, made by
law. Very many influences operate to create
a change, when the law itself which attempts
to regulate it still remains upon the statute-
books. This fact has developed itself in
Europe as well as here.
This bill proposes to establish a bureau, to
be attached to the Treasury Department, for
the regulation and control of the whole sub-
ject. It applies to all of the details, going
extensively into the operations, and placing
the whole service under the control of law.
To judge of the propriety of many of these
provisions is a difficult task to undertake.
Few persons outside of those who have been
made familiar with the subject by practice Can
possibly understand them. I have taken some
trouble to make myself acquainted with the
proposed changes from existing laws and regu-
lations, and, as a general thing, give them my
approval. There are, however, some sections
open to criticism and doubt about which the
best judges differ in opinion. In some respects
the bill does not go far enough, and in others
too far. I shall propose two amendments,
one to section forty-seven, as to the charge of
refining and parting bullion, intended to limit
it to that allowed for and deducted from the
the same operation in the exchange of unre-
fined for refined bullion, and that the privilege
for making this exchange shall be open to all.
The object of this amendment is to prevent
collusion with outside establishments, and to
mdke the cost for refining no greater than
necessary to individuals.
I desire also to repeal the proviso put into
the appropriation bill approved July 15,
1870, to which I have referred, and thus to
erase from the law a provision dishonestly
incorporated into it, and which can have no
other tendency than to be productive of fraud.
1 am opposed to the Government having any
transactions or connections with private re-
fining establishments. The whole business
of smelting, refining, assaying, and coinage
should be exclusively under the control of the
Government, and there should be no other
connection between individuals and this de-
partment than there is necessarily iu the re-
ception of the metal in its natural state, and
the emission of coin as a governmental stand-
ard of value for general circulation. I do not
wish to be understood as sanctioning the abo-
lition of all private establishments for refin-
ing gold bullion, but that, all connection be-
tween them and the Government should cease,
so far as employing them for the purposes of
the Government. Great abuses have followed
this practice.
Since soon after the discovery of gold in Cal-
ifornia these private refineries were warmed
into existence in that State, and the first act,
passed March 4, 1853, recognizing them, and
mvitingtheir cooperation for coinage purposes,
was doubtless lobbied through Congress for
improper purposes. A subsequent act of Feb-
ruary 20, 18B1, served to lurther encourage
the establishment of private refineries. In San
Francisco there are two of these establishments
which have succeeded in assuming control of
refilling, and of excluding it almost entiiely
from the branch mint in that city. The result
of this has been to entail considerable loss
upon the United S>ates, besides rendering
insecure much of the bullion in the process of
exchange. The present arrangement, so lar as
Sau Francisco is concerned, is open to grave
suspicions of collusion. It, is very evident
that some one has influence enough to con-
tinue in existence an arrangement with these
outside parties at the expense of the Govern-
ment.
Another objection to this system is that the
Government is open to imposition by the
charge of excessive rates for refining it de-
pendent upon private establishments, and this
operates to the injury of the individuals who
deposit the bullion with the Government for
that purpose. If dependent entirely upon
outside establishments, it may be compelled
at any time to submit to exoibitant charges,
whereas if it is retained exclusively in the
hands of the Government, no such difficulty
could arise. The present charge for refining,
both by the private refineries and the Govern-
ment, is largely in excess of what it phould
be. By the sulphuric acid process it can be
