470
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
self if he was asked whether he had not been
tried for embezzling the monpy ofpoor negroes,
whether he would not consider that an insult,
and so style it?
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator will permit me
a word. I rose because Mr. Maynaiid, of the
House, being the chairman of that sub-com-
mittee, and the remark being that, as usual,
the cross-examination was insulting, I of
course could not permit that remark made of
one of my associates on the committee, who
has not the privilege of responding on this
floor, to be made without saying tbat certainly
my knowledge of him, from his conduct in the
committee, would not justify me in supposing
for one moment that either in asingle instance
or in a body of instances could he indulge in
insulting witnesses by cross-examination.
The Senator will further permit me to say
that this has been a delicate and very dis-
agreeable business throughout, and as he does
appeal to me, I will say to him that there were
numerous instances in which witnesses before
the sub-committee, of which I was a member
in South Carolina, professed to be insulted
because they were a*ked whether they were
members ot the Ku Klux organiza'ion, and
subsequent developments showed that they
were.
Mr. BAYARD. Well now, Mr. President,
what has that got to do with my statement, or
with the facts before the Senate? I put the
question to the honorable Senator, as he has
spoken of delicacy aboutthis matter. It would
have been much more satisfactory to me if the
gentleman who was the chairman of that, sub-
committee could have been on this floor with
a full right to explain the matter. 1 speak
with the book before me; I could have read
his questions; I could have read the answers ;
I simply could have asked any man of gentle-
manly instincts whether the questions were
those of common civility or whether they
were insulting. They speak lor themselves;
and I ask the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania whether he does not consider that to
ask a man of Captain VVilder's position, of
his age, of his character, whether he had not
been guilty of embezzlement, was not of itself
a very insulting question?
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator asks me what it
has to do with it. I will simply say of Cap-
tain Wilder, that who he is I know nothing
whatever.
Mr. BAYARD. That-appears by the record.
Mr. SCOTT. And whether the questions
were insulting or not would depend entirely
upon the truth of the circumstances and the
information which the chairman had who put
the questions. 1 do not know what his inform-
ation was. He may have been led to believe
that the question was a pioper one. If ihe
statements which the Senator lias been making
in regard to witnesses in Georgia be correct,
certainly it would be proper to put questions
to them whether they had been indicted or
convicted, or not, for the purpose of bringing
their character on the record ; and if Mr.
Maynaud. the chairman of that sub-com-
mittee, had such information it would have
been his duty to bring it out. I do not know
what the information was.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator has declined
to answer my question. Jt was a simple one.
He seemed hete to assault me for having
spoken of the cross-examination as insulting.
When I give him the facts upon the record,
and osk his opinion, he will not give it to me.
1 know him too w«ll to doubt what it would
be if his opinion was given. I know that he
would say it was insulting. More than that,
the chnirman of that sub-committee might
have been imsinfoimed and misled in suppos-
ing that he was examining an unworthy man,
who should he exposed, but when he found
that he had been mistaken, and that this
charge of embpzzlement had been triumph-
antly overthrown by this old gentleman, surely
common courtesy would have induced him to
say, " 1 acted upon misinformation, and I
apologiz" to you for making the remark."
Mr. POOL. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him what the question was?
Mr. BAYAKD. The question was whether
he had been tried for embezzlement.
Mr. POOL. What was the answer?
Mr. BAYARD. The answer was that he
had been tried by court-martial and triumph
antly acquitted, and the record was produced
by him which brought him ont in brighter
colors than if the charge had never been
made.
Mr. MORTON. It was a very appropriate
question, then. He had been tried.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know what in-
duced the honorable Senator from Indiana to
interpolate that answer. I was giving a very
full one. tie had been tried and triumph-
antly acquitted, and his character had been
indorsed by ail the gentlemen of the court-
maitial in a manner which I have read to the
Senate, and which cannot be restrained or
qualified. I do not wish in a ease so large as
this to wander off into anything so small as a
question of the personal bearing of a member
of the committee, nor <3id I desire, nor do 1
desire to make any unkind or uncivil refer-
ence, but I am only speaking of a fact show-
ing the temper in which this investigation was
conducted. It stands there as a fair comment
for me to make, and 1 do make it, and I make
it precisely upon the basis of the record. If
I am incorrect or unjust, it will recoil upon
rne. If I am just, I am doing my duty, and
if 1 am doing that, I am very willing to stand
the result.
The mismanagement of that State and its
finances is gross in the extreme. I will not
detain the Senate now to describe it. The
report of the minority gives the figures. Suf-
tice it to say that Florida is plunged in debt to
an extent that makes repudiation almost her
only refuge. She is mismanaged in every way.
'There is no good government there. And it
is against the minority who are suffering, who
have it not in their power to set things right,
that these Ku Ivlax bills are leveled. Why,
sir, when you consider the course of Congress,
the temper of Congress, and of the Admistra-
tion toward the two classes of people in the
South, the one placed in power and robbing
and misgoverning them, and the other suffer-
ing, more or less discontented and restive, it
reminds you of the line of the satirist, Bat
veniam corvis vexat censura columbas.
Mr. Piesident, I shall not continue this
already too long speech, made all the longer
by the fact, that no report was made on these
two States by the sub-committee to which 1
was attached; and indeed otherwise the im-
portance of the subject affords a full excuse
iu my own mind for the length of time I have
occupied, and which I cannot forbear to say
has been greatly lengthened by the number
and character of the interruptions to which
I have been subjected.
In conclusion, I will ask the Senate, view-
ing all these facts, considering the history of
the past three years, and ask also the people
of the country, to whom I speak equally with
those who happen now to hear me, is it not
time to abolish this phrase " reconstruction "
and substitute that better and more potent
word, "reconciliation?" " What ye so >v that
also shall ye reap" is a solemn truth, and
never more true than in man's governmentof
his fellow. Human hearts respond to senti-
ments of generosity and justice and confidence
by actions of like nature. Harshness and in-
justice bear fruits like themselves.
It was with regret and surprise that I found
in the Globe of the 10th of May a speech
made during my absence frotn the Senate by
the honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Pratt.] who was a member of the same com-
mittee and the chairman of the sub-commit-
tee, and one whose speech and report have
been relied upon by his friends as giving a
true picture of the condition of the country in
regard to which Congress is now attempting
to legislate. Inspeakingof the southern people
and the question of extending amnesty and
oblivion for their past political offenses, he
seems to mourn over the fact and to condemn
those people because, to use his own language,
the rebel, so called, does not acknowledge
that he has been guilty of any crime :
" He denies that he committed treason in rebel-
ling. He glories in the battles ho fought and the
injuries his arms inflicted on the Government. He
honors those who most distinguished themselves in
the bad cause. Ho commends as heroes those who
(ell in the rebellion, and yearly he pays visit to the
graves of his fallen comrades in arms and strews
them with flowers and moistens them with his
tears."
Yes, Mr. President, and should it ever come
to pass that the graves of the southern dead
should be neglected by their kindred, kind
nature herself will take their place, and the
southern earih in which the dead sleep will
yield its lilies and its daisies to wreath their
places of rest, and the soft winds of the South
will gently wave the grass above thera, and the
dews of her starry night will keep grass and
flower fresh in memory of her brave children
who died in defense of the soil which now
contains them.
Why, sir, can it be that a mind can be so
darkened by prejudice and party spirit as to
forget the very echoes of human nature itself?
If these people did not weep over their loved
and their lost, they would be something more
or less than human ; much more likely less
than more. Such a speech and such senti-
ments sound to me like the report of some
Russian commander writing from Warsaw to
-the Czar, followed by an order forbidding the
women of Poland to wear mourning for their
dead. Is it the feeling or the language of an
American Senator directed toward those who
are his fellow citizens, and who it is the hope
of the country will be a source of happiness
and strength to our common nation'? Cer-
tainly men cannot be won back from error by
such sentiments as these and by such con-
demnation. They never can be made friends
by such processes.
Mr. President, let me relate a different inci-
dent and a different feeling, from which more
is to be hoped, and which I believe contains
the true germ from which a feeling of union
will spring up again that will bind our States
forever in the bonds of a common brother-
hood. This incident came to my knowledge
while in the State of Georgia, and 1 believe it to
be m all respects strictly true, and it illustrates
that spirit which alone can be looked to as a
means of restoring the feeling of fraternity
and national brotherhood which would form at
once the happiness and the strength and safe-
guard of our Union of States, and without
which the Union is but a mockery and a delu-
sion, destined to perish at the first rude shock
it shall receive in foreign war.
When the war closed in the spring of 1865,
an officer of the southern army found himself,
like thousands of his compatriots, without a
dollar, on his way to his home and family.
Not far from Atlanta he found his aged mother
and family, people whom in 1861 he had left
in affluence, surrounded by all the luxury and
refinement that inherited wealth and cultiva-
tion for generations in the same family can
alone produce. He threw himself from his
weary horse and entered the door of his dwell-
ing. The aged mother, the wife, sisters, little
children were all there. Death, which had
held his harvest among the bravo men on the
field of battle and in the northern prisons, had
