3210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
duced it to-day, quoting from himself, I listened
to it again witli interest.
Mr. COX. Because the sun still shines;
and I thought I would bring it in in the form
of a proviso.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman is still
felicitous in his humor. The second corusca-
tion is more brilliant than the one two years
ago.
But what are the facts in connection with
our coal interest? We are told by the gentle-
man from Indiana before me for the first
time, who does not represent his own local
interests, but those of New England* and
the sea-board, that this product of coal is
merely the result of labor bringing it from the
earth. That is true. A ton of coal represents
labor and labor only, for without labor it is
utterly valueless. It is the protection and
encouragement of our labor on the part of
Congress since the beginning of the Govern-
ment which has kept it at its present rate. I
am aware it is very fashionable and very easy
to abuse and denounce gentlemen in that as
well as in any other interest, but why do we
not hear denunciations at the same time of
men who go to Nova Scotia and engage in
mining coal there, paying taxes to support
the Nova Scotia Government, and paying an
export tax ou coal to our markets to come
into competition with coal produced from our
own mines? Why do we not hear denuncia-
tions against them as well as these denuncia-
tions against the miners of Pennsylvania?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr: (1 R1FF1TH. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] has said that the people of
Pennsylvania do not encourage their own in-
dustries. It is the right of the Stales and the
practice of all the States to do that, and there
certainly can be no objection to it.
My friend from Indiana [Mr. Kuuu] had the
misfortune or good fortune to be bom in my
district, but happened to move to the West
very young, and bus been fed, I suppose, with
quinine and chills until he has grown some-
what soured. 1 will say to him that those
men whom lie attacks were his own school-
mates, poor like himself, poor like myself.
They are not monopolisms; they are no
robbers, no plunderers, but-high-minded, pure,
lionorablemen likehimself, his equals in every
respect, as he is their equal; and by in-
dustry, by attention to business, by close, con-
stunt labor, they are to-day what they are, and
Pennsylvania is what she is, one of tho proud-
est and noblest Slates iu tins country.
My friend from New York city [Mr. Cox]
lias kindly referred to us. He says he does
not represent the commercial interests in this
uialtcr. i ask that gentleman if we can in-
crease the commerce of thiscountry a hundred
million dollars without his constituency m
New York realizing live or ten per cent, upon
that? Does not the gentleman represent and
aid that interest?
Mr. COX. I do not vote any protection to
them, and they do not ask any; that is all.
Mr. GRIFFITH. Is not the gentleman
ready "to promote the interests of that com-
mercial class, though he sacrilice the interests
of every other commercial portion of the coun
try ? That is the question. 1 rejoice that
another gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] takes a comprehensive view of the
interests of the country. What do we want?
We do not want commerce to be the leading
interest of the country. Agriculture and man-
ufactures must be the foundation of all pros-
perity. Commerce is nothing but the outgrowth
of these others. It is not the leading, con-
trolling intei est, and never has been, in any
prospeious country.
Mr. Chairman, I hold in my hand a state-
ment showing the amount of coal brought into
this country during the two last fiscal years.
B\>r the year ending 30th of June, 1870, we
imported 420,683 tons, of the value of
$1,110,316, on which duties were paid amount-
ing to $525,853 75. For the year ending 30th
of June, 1871, there were imported into this
country 443,956 tons of coal, of the value of
$1,132,775, on which the duties paid amounted
to $554,945, more than half a million dol-
lars. That was the revenue at a duty of
$1 25. Now, do these gentlemen wish to
compel our people to import seventy-five per
cent, more coal, in order that they may get
the same revenue from that article? The
result would be that they would transfer just
that amount of money to Nova Scotia for Nova
Scotia labor, and take it from Pennsylvania,
and from Maryland, and from Virginia. I ask
gentlemen are they friendly to a policy which
will thus crush the laboring men of the coun-
try ? Are they ready to transfer the money
of this country elsewhere and apply it to buy-
ing her coal from Nova Scotia, produced by
the labor of the people of Nova Scotia, to the
injury of her own workmen ?
This is a question of revenue as well as of
protection. I say to every gentleman here, I
do not care from what section of the country
he comes, if he wishes to see this country
develop and prosper he will see that every
branch of industry is taken care of.
Mr. FINKELNBUltG. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. GRIFFITH. Certainly.
Mr. FINKEIjNBURG. I want to ask here
whether this duty on#0al was not given in
part as a compensation for the direct duty
placed upon coal during the war, which has
since been taken off?
Mr. GRIFFITH. I believe the gentleman
is quite correct in that remark, and I say, as
one who is in favor of protection, who is in
favor of the interest of my own country, and
of every section of it, that I am willing, if
necessary, to have this duty reduced iu com-
mon with other duties ; provided there is a
fair and honest reduction all round, for I
am in favor of economy in the administration
of the Government, and I ain willing that this
duty, if necessaiy, shall be reduced like the
duties on other articles, but that no greater
reduction shall be made than on other articles.
[Here the hammer loll.]
Mr. K1CRR. In reference to this article, it
is my judgment that there is nothing in it
worth wasting very much time over by the
protectionists. 1 do not believe that the
amount of foreign coal that can enter into ef-
fective competition with domesticcoa! amounts
to very much ; and the receipts of the Treas-
ury from this source indicate that result. It
can only compete to some extent in New Eng-
land and a lit.i!e in New York; nowhere else.
Mr. GRIFFITH. Allow me to ask the
gentleman if lie knows how much coal from
Maryland, Virginia, and Pennsylvania is con-
sumed in the Atlantic sea-board States?
Mr. KERR. I do, because 1 have just
heard one of the gentleman's colleagues state
the amount.. The amount, compared wuh the
total consumption iu the country, is a mere
trifle. But that trifle, if kept out by a dis-
honest duty, will enable the domestic owners
t.o extort millions in tribute. Sir, I insist
that the whole object of this tax is to con-
fer a bounty. That is all that my excellent
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Griffith] and
his friends here want. I do not say that re-
proachfully, but I say it truthfully. And I
say to him, and to my excellent friends upon
the other side, that during my seven years'
experience in this House I have never cast
one single vote for bounties, and, with the help
of God, I never will. 1 will vote for equal and
honest laws, lor laws that impose taxes prop-
erly. If you want anything but bounty, what
is it ? The tax pays but little revenue. If it
does not enable you to charge more to the con-
sumers for your coal, why do you want it?
You pay no duty, not a cent, on what you sell;
not a cent ever gets into the Treasury from
your pockets. That is the reason you want
the tax continued. You do not pay it. The
consumers of your coal do. They do not pay
it to the Treasury ; they pay jt to you. There-
fore you want it. ^ You like it, and raise your
lamentations against its repeal.
There is coal in my district, and I have con-
stituents who are mining coal; but they do
not come here and ask me for any bounty to be
taken from their neighbors and put into their
pockets. They are honest men, and content
with fair dealing. They do not beset your
lobbies here in person or by agents. They
ask no tribute from their fellow-citizens. Yet
that is what this means.^ That is all there is
in this idea of protection. Do not deceive
yourselves, gentlemen, or attempt to deceive
us. You want to make the other people of
this country pay something to you over and
above what they would have to pay under
free trade to somebody else. It is extorted
bounty ; it is robbery, and nothing else. You
ought to call it by its right name. It is a
blow at personal liberty. I have a right to
purchase where I please; you Have no right
or just power to forbid me to do it. If you
have any such power, you should only so exer-
cise it as that my Government shall gain what
I lose. You cannot lawfully or honestly make
my loss your individual gain. That would be
confiscation, taking from one for another,
resorting to the brutal sophism that "might
makes right."
Under free trade, which has been tried in
many countries of the world, on this subject of
coal laborers' wages have always advanced.
Labor has always been benefited by free
trade. It is so in England to-day ; it is so in
other countries, and it will be so here. It is
not labor that comes here and raises this wail.
The wail comes from the protected gentlemen,
who own the coal mines of this country, and
who want to gather profit and bounty beyond
what is reasonable and honest from the pro-
ceeds of these miues ; that is what protection
means. Do not let it be glossed over by call-
ing it protection of American labor. It ia
protection to American monopolists ; it is pro-
tection of the few, but robbery of the many ;
it is taking from labor that which belongs to
it and giving it to the monopolists.
That is my objection to the whole thing. I
am in favor of an equal, honest, national law.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Crocker]
over the way can well say that he is iu favor
of continuing this duty ou coal, because he
is protected on the paper which he manu-
factures to a very great extent; he is pro-
tected on iron, in the mauulacture of which
he is also interested. He is interested ia
bounties obtained from the hard earnings of
labor in this country, and therefore he can
afford to get up here and say that he is iu favor
of a bounty to the owners of coal mines,
whether he owns any himself or not. He col-
lects his bounties from all the people of the
country, the rich and the poor, who read the
daily newspapers, who read the books pub-
lished in this country, and from the children
who use the spelling-books, fcom the pooj:
young man who struggles under poverty to gain
an education or an honest profession. Yes,
sir ; he collects his bounty from those who use
the Holy Bible itself; and he can well afford
to continue the payment of this bounty to a
few coal-mine owners in Pennsylvania. But
I see no merit in his boast. It may seem to
him to be praiseworthy for him to keep this
tax on others who enjoy none of his bounties.
But it seems not so to me. This is one of
the vicious results of protection. It leads to
conspiracies among interested parties. Wealth
and capital combine for extortion from the
people. This I denounce as a crime against
the people and against good conscience.
[Here the hammer fell.] ,.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from-Indi-
ana [Mr. Kerr] speaks as though the sole
