4106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
That the IIous© recede from its disagreement with
the Senate amendment one hundred and nineteen,
and agree to the same with an amendment as fol-
lows: line one, after "that" insert "when such
regulations as the Postmaster General may pre-
scribe;" lines two and three, strike out " and the
regulations of the said Department issued in pur-
suance thereof."
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the one hundred and twentieth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment
as follows: in next to the last line strike out the
word "double."
That the Senate shall recede from its amendments
57, 58, 59, 79, 152.
ALEX. RAMSEY.
H. HAMLIN,
E. CAS3ERLY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. F. FARNRWORTII.
JAMES N. TYNER,
SAMUEL J. RANDALL,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
ItEPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WINDOM. Iam directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 995) to perfect certain land
titles therein described, to report it back with
an amendment. The bill is indorsed by the
Secretary of the Interior ; and on account of
the great injury that is being done by delay in
its passage, I ask tbat it be put upon its pas-
sage now.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to it until the
morning business is through.
Mr. FERllY, of Michigan. I am directed
by the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 1786) for the relief of Henry N. Galpin,
postmaster at Berlin, Connecticut, to report it
back without amendment. I will state that
this question lias been before the committee
heretofore on a Senate bill which is on the
Calendar accompanicd by a printed report. I
now ask, in behalf of the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Buckingham,] that action be
taken on the bill. It involves but one $150
taken from a postmaster in postage stamps by
burglars.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts has entered an objection,
until the morning business has been gone
through with, to the consideration of any bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir; and I persist in it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is on the table a
bill of great public importance to provide for
redemption of lands held by the United States
under the several acts levying direct taxes, it
has passed both Houses and is now in its last
stages. It ought to be acted on this morning
so as to be enrolled. I hope, therefore, the
Senate will just take the vote on its passage.
It is Senate bill No. 780, and has been fully
considered.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I object to everything until morning
business is over.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the conference
report on the steamboat bill.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 object until the morning
business is through.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is the bill
I wish to call up is part of the morning busi-
ness. It is on the table in the last stages, the
question being on a House amendment to a
Senate bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mine is a conference
report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is business
which could be called up if there was no morn-
ing business. After the morning business has
been gone througn with, it can be called up,
like all other business on the Calendar, by
motion.
Mr. SAWYER. I appeal to the Senator
from Massachusetts in regard to the colored
citizens who have settled upon these lands
to allow the bill to be acted on.
Mr. SUMNER. Just-as soon as the morn-
ing business is over. I have some morning
business to present, and as soon as that is over
I shall help the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
to whom were referred numerous petitions of
citizens and business .firms of Philadelphia,
praying an appropriation for the erection of a
building sufficient to accommodate the present
and future postal business of that city, asked
to be discharged from their further consider-
ation ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2764) making
an appropriation for the erection of a marine
hospital at San Franscisco, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. COLE. I ask that that bill be acted
upon now. It will take but a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts is in his seat and objects.
Mr. COLE. Then the Senator from Ver-
mont bad better withdraw the report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Oh, no; it
can be called up at any time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1055) to authorize the exten-
sion and use of the National railroad of Mary-
land into and within the District of Columbia,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. LEWIS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2847) to
authorize the Orange, Alexandria, and Ma-
nassas Railroad Company to run trains and
transport passengers within the District of
Columbia, to report it back favorably, and I
ask the immediate passage of this bill. It has
passed the House of Representatives by a
unanimous vote. There is no objection to it,
and there will be no debate upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to anything being
considered until the morning business is con-
cluded.
Mr. LEWIS. Then I withdraw the report.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 am directed by the Com-
mitteeon PostOtEcesand Post Roads, to whom
was referred the bill (H. It. No. 2935) to es-
tablish certain post roads, to report it with
amendments, and to recommend its passage.
It is nothing but a post route bill, and might
as well be disposed of at once. There is no
legislation in it.
Mr. SUMNER. I object until the morning
business is through.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, reported a bill (S. No. 1183)
to enable the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to purchase and pay for certain improvements
within the Nez Perce Indian reservation, in
the Territory of Idaho ; which was read and
passed to the second reading.
Mr. _ SPENCER. I am directed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 837) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular systems of the United States,"
approved August 18, 1856, to report it back
without amendment, and I ask for its present
consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I object until the morning
business is through.
Mr. SPENCER. Then I withdraw the re-
port.
Mr. OSBORN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2109) to authorize the issu-
ance of college scrip to the State of Arkansas,
to report it back, and I ask that the bill be
put upon its passage.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. I object.
Mr. OSBORN. Then I withdraw the report.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1382) for the relief of Alexander
McArthur, of the city of Corunna, in the State
of Michigan, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2890) for the
relief of Dwigbt J. McCann, reported it with-
out amendment.
CENSUS COMPENDIUM.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
additional copies of the compendium of the
census report, have instructed me to report it
back with an amendment, and to ask for its
present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
The amendment reported by the committee
was tostrike out " two hundred and fifty thou-
sand" and insert" one hundred thousand so
as to make the resolution read:
Resolved 6y the Semite, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed one hun-
dred thousand copies of the compendium of the
census of 1870, of which twenty-five thousand copies
shall bo for the use of the Senate, fifty thousand for
the use of the House, and twenty-five thousand for
the Department of the Interior.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is the intention to re-
port additional numbers by and by, bat this
is thought to be sufficient for the present.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. SCOTT, from the joint, select Commit-
tee on Alleged Outrages in Southern States,
reported an amendment intended to be pro-
posed to the bill (H., R. No. 2705) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes : which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON^ Mr. FLANAGAN, and
Mr. CRAGIN submitted amendments intended
to be proposed by them to the bill (H. R. No.
2705) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes ;
which were referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE I'HOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Li.oyd, its Chief Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference oil the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 1) to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to the Post Office
Department.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 2948) for the relief of
Lucy A. Baker and Mary A. Baker, children
of John M. Baker, deceased; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1211) for the relief of
A. G. Booth, late assistant in the twenty-first
revenue district of Pennsylvania.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 8) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution modifying the veto power •
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
ARBITRATION.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I offer reso-
lutions concerning arbitration as a substitute
for war in determining differences between
nations. As they are in my own handwriting,
perhaps, with the permission of the Chair, I
had better read them myself:
Resolutions concerning arbitration as a substitute
tor war m determining differences between
nations.
Whereas by international law and existing cus-
tom war is recognized as a form of trial for the de-
termination of differences between nations; and
whereas for generations good men have protected
against the irrational character of this arbitrament
