522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
519) for the relief of Henry A. Greene, late
captain first infantry California volunteers;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 520)
for the relief of Edwin A, Rigg, late lieutenant
colonel first regiment infantry California vol-
unteers ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military AS'airs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTQN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 521) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Secretary of War to sell or
lease certain swamp or low lands belonging to
the Government, lying on Niagara river and
Lake Erie; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 522) to provide for ihe sale of the lands
of the United States containing coal ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
523) supplemental to an act entitled '"An act
making a grant of lands in alternate sections
to aid the construction and extension of the
Iron Mountain railroad from Pilot Knob, in the
State of Missouri, to Helena, in Arkansas,"
approved July 4, 1866; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FltOJI TUB IIOUSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherkon, its Clerk, announced
that-the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. It. No. 1180) to extend the time
for filing claims for addiiional bounty, under
the act of July 28, 1806 ;
'A bill (H. R. No. 1182) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Minnesota;
_A bill (H. R. No. 1185) to remove disabil-
ities from certain citizens of South Carolina
therein named:
A bill (H. R. No. 1186) in relation to the
embassy from Japan ; and
A bill (H. It. No. 1187) for the relief of
Jacob It. Davis, of Richmond county, Georgia.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES
The Senate resumed the consideration o f the
bill (H. R. No. 380) for the removal of legal
and political disabilities imposed by the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States, the
pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Robertson to postpone the bill and proceed
to the consideration of the hill (H. R. No. 1050)
for the removal of legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I believe
there is some misapprehension in the country
in regard to the extent of the disabilities now
imposed on those who have been engaged in
the rebellion. ^ So far as the Constitution and
laws of the United States are concerned, every
man who was engaged in the rebellion has a
right to vote. Jefferson Davis, General For-
rest, and General Wade Hampton have as
much right to vote as any man who was em-
ployed in the Union Army. There is no dis-
ability arising under the Constitution and laws
of the United States, except under the four-
teenth amendment, as to the right to hold
office; and it is now propesed by the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,] who has
given notice of his motion, to strike out the
exceptions in the bill before the Senate and
make amnesty universal.
The fourteenth amendment was adopted by
Congress in 1866, and presented to the States
for their ratification. It was done at a time
when it was understood that all punishment
had passed by, that nobody would be punished
under the laws of the United States for having
taken part in the rebellion. It was done then
as the only and the last means of fixing a stigma
and a legal disapprobation upon the ringlead-
ers and the authors of the rebellion. Those
to whom the fourteenth amendment was nfade
applicable were believed to be the authors of
the rebellion, men who had gotten it up, who
had brought it upon the country, the old poli-
ticians who had been at work on it for years,
and it was intended to make them ineligible to
hold office. All prospect of their punishment
otherwise had passed by, and all that was left
to the loyal people of the United States in the
way of marking their disapprobation of the
rebellion was,by this amendment, to render
the authors of it ineligible to office. It was
provided, however, in the concluding part of
this section of the amendment, that the dis-
ability might be removed by a two-thirds vote
of each House of Congress.
I believe that any proposition to grant uni-
versal amnesty is a violation of the spirit of
the amendment, if not of its letter. As was
remaiked by the Senator from NewJersey,
[Mr. Fkelinghuysen,] the other day, it was
not intended to put it into the power of Con-
gress absolutely to abrogate that section of the
amendment, but to put it in the power of Con-
gress to relieve the disability in anygiven case
where it might be thought proper to do so,
where the merit or the condition of the appli-
cant was such as to entitle him to the favor of
Congress, giving it the power by a two-thirds
vote in that case to relieve the disability. But
no man can read the debates which occurred
on the adoption of the amendment, without
coming to the conclusion that the proposition
to amnesty by classes was not within the mean-
ing and intendment of Congress at the time
the amendment was passed.
Now, Mr. President, what is amnesty? It
isan act of oblivion ; it is a proposition, when
we consider it in the light of universal amnesty,
to place the authors of the rebellion upon a
footing with the loyal people of the United
States, and to authorize them, provided they
can,procure the suffrages, to hold the high-
est offices in the Government. I have always
voted amnesty to every man who has asked
for it in good faith, and I am prepared to do
so now. I believe I have refused iti one in-
stance ; _ but it was because the applicant had,
in addition to being a confederate soldier, been
a guerrilla. I believe there is a general feeling
on the part of Congress, in both branches, to
grant amnesty to every man who will ask it in
good faith, except it may be to the principal
authors of the rebellion, the chief criminals.
_ Mr. President, this question is usually con-
sidered in the light of expediency on one hand
or in the light of feeling or hostility on the
oilier. I propose to consider it from a higher
plane, entirely above the domain of feeling or
expedience, I think there is a great princi-
ple involved in this question, which Congress
ought to consider—a principle of consistency,
a principle of duty to the Government, and
especially a principle of the greatest import-
ance to posterity.
The principal argument in favor of amnesty
is expediency. Let me consider that for a
moment. Why is it expedient to grant amnesty?
It is said that it will conciliate the men who
have been engaged in rebellion. So far as the
authors of the rebellion are concerned, you
can no more conciliate them than you can con-
ciliate rattlesnakes by restoring their extracted
fangs. Those men have been cast in the mold
of the rebellion, and they cannot bend. They
must go down into history as they have lived,
rebels. They must die as they have lived. 1
Whatever dignity history may give to their
character, will depend entirely upon their
maintaining their consistency, maintaining th-i
character of rebels until they shall have passed
away. This may not be the ease with the great
majority of the people of the South, but it is
certainly true of those men who may be said
to be the authors of the rebellion.
And, Mr. President, this rebellion did not
go up from the people. It was not the work
of the people. It came down from the poli-
ticians to the people. It was not forced by
the mass of the people upon the politicians,
but was essentially the work of politicians and
the result of political machinations that had
been carried on for more than thirty years;
and the question is whether the men who had
been engaged in these machinations, and who
by the practice of arts for many years brought
this great calamity upon the nation, shall be
amnestied and rendered eligible to hold the
highest office in the Government.
As I said before, you cannot conciliate the
authors of the rebellion. Now, how will am-
nesty to the authors of the rebellion conciliate
the masses of the southern people? It will
only conciliate the'm by being a concession
that they were in the right and that we were
in the wrong. This is the way in which it will
conciliate them, and it can do it in no other
way.
As I remarked before, universal amnesty
removes the last mark of legal disapprobation
of this rebellion. It is a declaration to pos-
terity that there was nothing wrong in the
rebellion, that it involved no criminality, that
it was simply an honest difference of opinion
between parties in which there was no ciitn-
inality on either side. If you gr&nt amnesty
to the authors of the rebellion, you cannot
convince the children twenty years hence that
there was anything wrong in that rebellion. It
will be regarded as a mere difference between
parties, which unfortunately came to blows.
The question now is whether you propose to
educate the children of this country and those
yet unborn in this opinion of the rebellion?
Sir, in twenty years the small reasons of expe-
diency which are now urged in favor of gen-
eral amnesty will be forgotten, and all that will
be remembered will be the great fact that
amnesty was awarded to the authors of the
rebellion, and some of them, the most flagrant
and responsible of all, were afterward placed
in the highest positions in the Government.
It was remarked yesterday by my friend from
South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] that the popu-
larity of these men had passed away, and that
universal amnesty would not have the effect
to place any of them in office. I beg leave to
say to him and to the country that I believe
he is entirely mistaken. I can name half a
dozen men, more responsible for the rebellion
perhaps than any other half dozen in the coun-
try, who would be returned to Congress, who
would be made Governors of States, and placed
in the highest official positions just as soon as
the^ opportunity was offered to' the people of
their States to so place them in power.
Sir, suppose such men as Davis, and Breck-
iuiidge, and Toombs, and Stephens were
sent to this Chamber, what a spectacle would
be presented to the world! I ask how each
and all of us who have denounced the rebel-
lion in unmeasured terms as criminal, as the
worst in the world's history, as carried on for
the worst purposes, upon the worst motives,
as having been carried on with unmeasured
cruelty to prisoners, and with features of bar-
barity almost unparalleled in history—I ask
what^ would become of our consistency and
position? We should be stultified before the
world we should write ourselves down as
being insincere and false, or else as having
been governed simply by passion and heat,
and as having spoken dishonestly and unjustly
of others.
Mr. President, a declaration of universal
amnesty is a declaration to the world that
