1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Coburn.
Ho, of Reps.
spared the weaker ones. Their sufferings had
been to live. They had seen not only the
luxuries which their mode of living had made
habitual swept away by the breath of war, but
even the necessaries of a frugal life had gone,
and when my informant found these ladies
and children, so tenderly and once so oared
for, they had been living for ten days upon
dried okra and salt. This had been their sole
subsistence. Unable to relieve their desperate
condition, he remounted his horse and rode
back to the town of Atlanta to solicit food to
keep his family alive.
I am credibly informed there was not a head
of horned cattle, a sheep, a pig, or chicken in
that county out of the camp of the United
States Army. On his way to Atlanta he met
a colonel of the United States Army who,
without knowing him personally, mentioned
his name (historic in Georgia and Carolina)
and inquired the way to his residence. My
informant disclosed himself to the officer, and
finding his purpose, told him of his condition,
and accepted such a loan of money as enabled
him to purchase from the United States com-
missary at Atlanta the necessaries of life for
bis family. I will not recount how, with
energy and courage, he struggled with vary-
ing success to make a living for those who
were dependent on him, but the election of
Bullock, and the appointment of his State
officials, forced him to abandon the practice
of law, where merit and ability could not
compete with corrupt favoritism.
About this time he wrote to a friend in the
North a letter descriptive of the condition of
southern men like himself, honestly endeavor-
ing to act as faithful citizens of the Govern
ment of the United States; and finding no
confidence exhibited in their good intentions,
but on the other hand rebuff' and discredit,
while thieves, camp-followers, and ignorant
and vicious negroes were placed in power over
them. This letter found its way into print in
some of the northern papers, among others, I
believe, in the New York Tribune. A few
weeks after the letter was written my inform-
ant received by mail a letter postmarked Bos-
ton, Massachusetts. He opened it and found
inclosed a check for $1,000 and a few lines
from the writer, stating he had seen the
letter referred to, and desired, as a north-
ern man, to aid a fellow-citizen in a distant
State struggling in such bitter adversity. The
writer's name was totally unknown to him,
and he thought it must be a mistake or a
cruel hoax. He submitted the check to a
banker who at once informed him it was good
for its full amount. He, however, considering
there must be some mistake, wrote to Boston,
stating the arrival of the letter with the
check, but bis fear that his motive in writing
which drew forth the remittance had been
misunderstood; that he might have been^sup-
posed to be what was known as a "Union
man " in the southern acceptation of that term,
or a repentant rebel disposed to gain favor
with the successful party by condemning his
own past course, tie told him that he was
neither ; that he bad been an original and con-
scientious believer in the right and duty of
secesssion in 1861, and had no regrets, except
for his failure; but that he accepted his fate
and was ready to keep faith with the Govern-
ment which had conquered.
A reply from Boston to this letter assured
him that the writer had earnestly advocated
the prosecution of the war, and during the war
would have held him an enemy, but that peace
had come and he now sought to make him a
friend, and took this as the natural mode of
doing it, and begged him to keep and use the
money. 1 need not say how much the heart
of this Southerner was touched, but he was a
man of honor, and though sorely pressed for
money, felt in looking over the entire field of
his affairs that even with the $1,000 he was
greatly in debt, and in fact insolvent. He felt
it was his duty, as it was his right, to avail
himself of the bankrupt law of the United
States and start afresh, after giving up all he
possessed, which consisted chiefly of the farm
and homestead which sheltered his family.
He therefore wrote again to the good man in
Boston, telling him these facts, and declining
his proffered loan under the circumstances.
The mail soon brought a request to know the
precise condition of his affairs. He made it
out in exact detail, and his statement disclosed
debts several thousand dollars in excess of his
assets.
In prompt return of mail a letter reached
him, with a check for the amount of his needs
in full. His debts were paid, his energies re-
stored, his family retained in their home, the
day of his adversity had passed, and prosper-
ity met him with pleasant smile and open
hands. The money go lent by the Boston
merchant to a total stranger in a southern
State, one whose face he had never seen, whose
opinions, social and political, he had ever op-
posed, has been returned, but this is the least
part of the transaction. There is a debt which
will never be paid so long as life-blood warms
that southerner's heart—the debt of love,
of gratitude, of friendship, which binds him
and his kindred with ties stronger than iron to
that Boston merchant,, and all who hear his
name or are of his kindred. The name of
the northern man is borne by the sou of the
southern man. It will bo a household name
that shall couple those, two friends in true ties
of friendship while their names shall last.
Should danger or trouble assail the man of the
North or his kindred, he can count upon_the
ready hand of his southern brother to defend
him—a defense rendered without money and
without price ; the cheap defense that human
love gives without reckoning; never so glad
as when giving it.
Why should not these two families of Mas-
sachusetts and Georgia be allowed to typify
the relations of the northern and the southern
people ? You may be sure, Senators, that like
causes will produce like effects. It is in your
power. Shall it be done? Injustice to his
State and to the people of alL America, I am
called upon to state the name of the Boston
man who set this wise and noble example to
his fellow-countrymen. Itwas Daniel Denny,
the Boston merchant, whose wisdom of the
heart knew how to conquer men more effec-
tually than ho who has won the bloodiest gar-
laud gained in battle. He overcame evil by
kindness—the great law of love, whose divine
Expositor was born on earth eighteen hundred
and 8eventy-two years ago, but whose wise
teachings seem so little heeded or valued in
these latter days.
Within a few weeks Mr. Denny has gone to
his honored grave, but his good name shall
not be forgotten.
" Only the actions of the just
Sinelf sweet and blossom in the dust."
I saw and felt in my personal intercourse
in Georgia the kindly influences which his
trust in human nature had created.
I remember well this gentleman telling me
of a meeting of those who had been confed-
erate officers shortly afiertbe occurrence which
I have related. They were impoverished;
they were sore with many things that had vis-
ited them in the way of domestic and political
affliction. They had much to condemn and
little to praise. In the North they found but
little to praise, and little, apparently, to thank
the Government for. While they were relat-
ing instances of their hardships, this gentle-
man arose and told this story better than I
have told to you in simplicity and truth ; and
be told me that among these angry and sore
men who had breasted battle many a time and
bore upon their persons the scars of conflict
there were tears soft as woman's shed at this
one touch of human kindness i
"What can war but'endless wars still breed V '
The law now proposed i'sanactof assault;
it breathes of violence. It tfrorks upon no
emotions bat those of fear. It will cause
hatreds. It will produce no good will either
between citizens or toward the Government.
It is, as I have tried to show by argument, a
plain violation of the limits of our written
charter of power, and even if it were not so, it
is unwise and humanely unjust. Cease, then',
I beg of you, this maleficient, odious system,
so foreign to the genius of American govern-
ment, called " reconstruction," and adopt now
and from this time forth the true, the wise, the
Christian policy of " reconciliation" between
the States of this Union.
I do not know whether it is
in sympathy with the Ku
Ku Klnx Outrages.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN COJ3UEN,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
May 30, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committee
of the Whole on tho state of the Union—
Mr. COBURN said:
Mr. Si'eakek. ; I do not see why the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is so excited
in this matter.
because he .is
Klux -
Mr. BECK. I am in sympathy with all
oppressed people. .
Mr. COBUIiN. I do not know why he gets
into such a rage whenever this subject is men-
tioned. When I see the gentleman getting
excited in their behalf, talking about other
members on this floor who dare denounce
them, in a style of vituperation and anger,
and with an air and manner of menace, I am
exceedingly astonished. Why, sir, has it
come to this that we cannot discusg the policy
of our Government, that we cannot discuss the
question of peace, and law and order, and the
suspension of the writ of habeas tin-pus, when
disorders and great violence occur, when the
authority of the courts is set aside, when the
law is trampled upon, when the military
power must be used for the correction of these
evils, without gentlemen on the other side fly-
ing into a rage and denouncing in the bitter-
est terms the men who dare to rise up here
and speak in behalf of peace and good order
and the suppression of crimes of the most
terrible character?
Sir, I am surprised that the gentleman from
Kentucky, who is generally so rational and
kiud in all his relations of life, and who, com-
ing here at the same time I did, has for five
years demeaned himself so_ well, should'no#
take such an interest in an institution such as
tliis, thatheshould fly into a rage and a passion
when any attempt is made to prevent a con-
tinuance of these outrages. Sir, for myself, I
think that all of us, Democrats as well ns lie-
publicans, are interested in ferreting out, any-
where and everywhere, at all times, night aud
day, summer and winter, in all seasons, the
men who have disgraced not only their own
States but the whole nation by their crimes.
Why is it tbat the other side of the House
becomes instantly excited and inflamed when
gentlemen on this side of the House desire to
call up any question in relatiou to the punish-
ment and putting down of all that class of
infamous criminals? Why, sir, have they a
personal interest in this matter? Is there
something back? Is there really a secret
league in which they are bound and sworn to
stand up here in Congress sad defend thes#
