1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4107
where force instead of justice prevails, and have
anxiously sought for a substitute in the nature of a
judicial tribunal, all of which was expressed by
Franklin in his exclamation: "When wiiimankind
bo convinced that all wais are follies, very expen-
sive and very mischievous, and agree to settle their
differences by arbitration?" and whereas war once
prevailed in the determination of differences be-
tween individuals, between cities, between coun-
ties, and between provinces, being recognized in all
these cases as the arbiterof iustice, but atlast yielded
to a judicial tribunal, and now, in the progress of
civilization,' the time has come for the extension of
this humane principle to nations, so that their differ-
ences may be taken from thearbitramen t of war, and,
in conformity with these examples, submitted to a
judicial tribunal: and
Whereas arbitration has been formally recognized
as a substitute for war in the determination of differ-
ences between nations, being especially recom-
mended by the Congress of Paris, where were assem-
bled the representatives of England, France, Russia,
Prussia, Austria,Sardinia, and Turkey, a nd afterward
adopted by the United States in formal treaty with
Ureat Britain for the determination of differences
arising from depredations of British cruisers, and
also from opposing claims with regard to the San
Juan boundary; and
Whereas it becomes important to consider and
settle the true character of this beneficent tribunal,
thus commended and adopted, so that its authority
and completeness as a substitute lor war may not be
impaired, but strengthened and upheld, to the end
that civilization may be advanced and war be limited
in its sphere: Therefore,
1. Ilesolved, That in the determination of interna-
tional differences arbitration should become a sub-
stitute for war in reality as in name, and, therefore,
coextensive witb war in jurisdiction, so that any
question or grievance which might be the occasion
of war or of misunderstanding between nations
should be consideied by this tribunal.
1. Resolved, That any withdrawal from a treaty
recognizing arbitration, or any refusal to abide the
judgment of the accepted tribunal, or any interpo-
sition of technicalities to limit the proceedings, is to
this extent a disparagement of the tribunal as a sub-
stitute for war, and therefore hostile to civilization.
3. lie-solved, That the United States, having at
heart the cause of peace everywhere, and hoping to
help its permanent establishment between nations,
hereby recommend the adoption of arbitration as a
just and practical method for the determination of
international differences, to be maintained sinceiely
and in good faith, so that war may cease to be
regarded as a proper form of trial between nations.
The resolutions were ordered to be printed.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pouter, bis Secretary,
announced that the President bad on the 28t,h
instant approved and signed the act (S. No.
812) to provide for furnishing trusses to dis-
abled soldiers.
The message further announced that the
President had on the 29ih instant approved
and signed the bill (S. No. 7G5) for the relief
of the heirs of the late Captain B. R. Perkins,
of the United States Army.
The message also announced that the Presi-
dent had this day approved and signed the
following acts:
A bill (S. No. 603) for the relief of the
United States Express Company ;
A bill (S. No. 514) for the relief of Albert
Wieland ;
A bill (S. No. 908) for the relief of John
Potts, chief clerk of the War Department;
A bill (S. No. 998) relating to the creation
of new land districts ;
A bill (S. No. 159) conferring upon the
Courtof Claims power to hear aud determine
the claim of J. W. Parish & Co., for damages
for the alleged violation of their contract with
the United States for the delivery of ice;
A bill (S. No. 197) for the relief of the
widow of D. Jay Brown, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 835) for the relief of Mrs.
Cecilia liarr, widow of William Barr;
A bill (S. No. 376) to provide for a building
for the use of the post office, United States
circuit and district courts and internal revenue
olfices at Utica, New York ;
A bill (S. No. 685) for the relief ot B. O.
Pressley;
A bill (S. No. 108G) to change the location
of the Railroad National Bank, of Lowell,
Massachusetts, to the city of Boston, Massa-
chusetts; .
A bill (S. No. 117) fixing the rank of pro-
fessors of mathematics in the United States
Navy; and
A bill (S. No. 931) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas river
at Little Rock, Arkansas.
steamboat bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
conference report on the steamboat bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator will
allow us to take up Senate bill No. 780, to pro-
vide for the redemption and sale of lands held
by the United States under the several acts
levying a direct tax. It is on its last stages
on an amendment of the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the conference
report be taken up and then I will yield.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator from Michigan will call up the river
and harbor bill instead of the bill he proposes.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is necessary to have
action on this bill, as it has to go to the other
House. There is a great desire from all parts
of the United States to have action on it. I
want action.
Mr. STEWART. It will take some time
to act on it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. From what
we have already heard in the Senate that bill
cannot be acted on at this session. There is
more than one Senator ready to call for the
entire reading of the original bill and substi-
tute, which will consume the whole day.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it all be read if
necessary. I want action on the bill. It is a
very important bill, and perhaps more peo-
ple are interested in it than in any other bill
before the body.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only de-
sire to take up something that can be acted
upon.
Mr. CONKLING. It is, as the Senator
says, a very important bill, and I hope if it
shall be taken up nobody will interpose any
objection for the sake of delay. I assure my
honorable friend that I will not interpose one
moment's delay unnecessarily; but when it is
taken up I shall feel bound to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a number of things,
which, understanding, I think they will dis-
agree to the report and have the bill go again
to a conference committee in order that it may
be relieved of what I caunot doubt are objec-
tions so grave that the Senator from Michigan
himself, when he hears them, will hardly be
willing to take the responsibility of having
this report concurred in as it stands.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us have action. I
ask action.
Mr. CONKLING. I atn not standing in
the Senator's way at all; but it is entirely
clear that we cannot have action in the morn-
ing hour. This is a very voluminous bill which
has been reviewed, before and since it under-
went the action of a conference committee, by
the Department of the Treasury. Here are
papers to which attention must be called, the
mere reading of which in those parts which
alone I propose to read—and that is only
what is absolutely necessary—will extend this
beyond the morning hour.
I hope my friend will not misunderstand my
reason for now interposing. I do not want to
delay the consideration of the subject. _ I only
want to say that I shall feel bound in the
briefest manner possible when it is taken up
to call the attention of the Senate to some
things which I think ought not to be over-
looked.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall ask the continu-
ation of the consideration of the bill until final
action is taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet
taken up.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us assign this even-
ing for it. ["Oh, no."] I listened to the
reading of this bill. There were only a few
Senators here that night—half a dozen or a
dozen; I suggested several amendments and
they were all adopted ; but when the confer-
ence committee got together I saw the Sen-
ate receded at once from those amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER. The conference com-
mittee receded from some and insisted on
others.
Mr. STEWART. It is not worth while to
take up this bill and spend the morning hour.
Mr. CHANDLER. Unless it is taken up
now it cannot be acted on at all, and there are
millions of men throughout the United States
interested in it. I am receiving telegrams as
thick as hailstones wanting action. I want
action of some kind on this bill, and it is right
that we should have it. If the Senate will
not pass the bill, let them reject it and send
it to another conference committee. I want
action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the argument that a million of men desire
action on this touches the merits, though the
Senator may differ with him. Debate on the
merits is not in order on this motion. m
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to pro-
pose to the Senator, as it is evident that no
conclusion can he reached on this bill if it is
taken up at the present time before the morn-
ing hour shall expire 
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall move to con-
tinue its consideration after the morning hour
is over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to
the Senator from Michigan that m consideta-
tion of the statement of the Senator from New
York a second conference would be desirable
on account of new facts which have since been
developed. Therefore I suggest that, to make
progress, the Senator from Michigan had bet-
ter agree to a new conference.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not wish to be on
any farther conference committee upon this
bill. I have spent a month or two over this
bill, and the House has spent three or four
months, and 1 shall decline serving on any
other conference committee upon it. If any
Senator wishes to make that motion and go
on another conference committee, so as to
have no further action here, of course it is ill
the power of the Senate to do what it pleases.
I shall decline to serve on another conference
committee on this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not antag-
onizing the Senator at all ; but at this late day
of the session it seems to me desirable to
make some progress, and from the hintthrown
out by the Senator from New York, I sup-
pose the bill might m the end take that turn.
Hence I make the suggestion whether the
Senator from Michigan would not think it
worth while to anticipate that, aud himself
consent to a new conference.
Mr. CHANDLER. If any Senator pro-
poses that action, it is in the power of the
Senate to take it or do whatever else it pleases
with the bill. I want action of some kind on
this bill. I am receiving perhaps twenty tele-
grams a day from all parts of the United States
urging action, and I hope the Senate of the
United States will grant action at least. The
Committee on Commerce has spent a great
deal of time over this bill both in the other
House aud in this. We have got the best bill
we can get, and if it is not satisfactory to the
Senate, it is in the power of the Senate to do
what it pleases; but here we are within three
days of the close of the session, and with per-
haps the most important bill we have not acted
upon. I want action, action, action.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, it will be
remembered that a long tunc ago, when we
were in the morning of life and were starting
out on thetanff bill, I asked the Senate il
they would not consent to set apart some small
portion of the time to consider bills reported
from the Committee on Claims. The Senate
said no, they would not set aside any set time
until they had disposed of the great question
of the taiiff and taxes. That has been dis-
posed of. Now I feel under obligations to
