524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
that the Democratic party will not come into
power during this generation. I believe it
would be the greatest national calamity that
could happen. I believe that the best interests
of this nation and of civilization upon this con-
tinent are involved in the continued suprem-
acy of the Republican party, at least for a
number of years. But, sir, great calamities
have happened; great plagues have come upon
the world; earthquakes have rent and swal-
lowed up cities; Chicago has been burned;
and it is among the possibilities that the Demo-
cratic party may come into power.
But on that point the Democratic party does
not acknowledge the validity of the fourteenth
amendment. There was an attempt made in
the North last summer, what was called "the
new departure." Mr. Vallandigham, now
dead and gone, attempted to bring his party
in the North up to the acknowledgment of the
validity of the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments and of the validity of reconstruction.
He passed away and with him passed away the
".new departure," and the movement that he
inaugurated fell dead and was buried with him
in the same grave. Sir, if the Democratic
party came into power, the fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments would be ignored; they
would be treated as dead letters, as having no
vitality ; and that is one of our great national
dangers.
I did not intend to advert to that matter in
this speech, but the Senator has brought me
to it and I will do so. The bulk of the Demo-
cratic party is in the South ; the great body
of it is in the South. If it shall come into
power, it will be by carrying all of the south-
ern States with a few of the northern States.
The body of the party will be in the South,
and the southern wing of the party will con-
trol it in its action as it did before the war;
and as the South are almost unanimously
hostile to the amendments and to reconstruc-
tion, they would control the party, and those
amendments would be treated as a dead letter.
Now, Mr. President, let me advert to a few
of the consequences that would result to the
nation from the success of the Democratic
jiarty. As I said before, the body of the party
is in the South ; the feebleness and minority
is in the North, and the South would control
it. Let us suppose that there is a majority
of Democratic Representatives in the other
House, and the question comes up of making
an appropriation to pension the widows and
orphans of loyal soldiers in the North, would
the southern Democracy in the House vote
money to pension the soldiers in the North,
their widows and orphans, while their own
widows and orphans, their cripples, are left
unprovided for? Mark you, now, they are in
power; they have the power to vote money or
to refuse to vote money ; and 1 submit the
question to a reasoning and intelligent country,
whether when they are placed in power they
will voluntarily vote money to pension the
soldiers who fought them and who conquered
them, while their own cripples, their widows,
and orphans are left unprovided for? I tell
you they never will; and I tell you, sir, that if
that party comes into power one of the first
measuies will be either to put the rebel sol-
diers upon an equality with the soldiers of the
Republic,_ or to vote no pensions at all. Can
any intelligent person doubt that proposition? )
Again, it the Democratic party have a major- j
ity in the other House, controlled as they will i
be by the South, I ask you if they will vote >
money to pay the interest on your debt, unless j
some provision is made for theirs? Will they i
voluntarily tax themselves to pay the interest !
on that debt which was created for their sub- ;
jugation, while they are left in poverty? They I
invested their money in confederate stocksand
bonds; they lost everything; they lost their
slaves; and the question I am now propound-
ing is, when they shall come into power, and
have the power to vote money or not to vote
it, will they voluntarily tax themselves to pay
the interest on our debt, while theirs is unpro-
vided for, and they have lost their slaves? I
tell you, sir, they will never do it, and those
interested in our national debt and those
interested in our national honor must under-
stand that the Democratic party, made up as
it will be, two thirds in the South and one
third in the North, and that one third submis-
sive to the other two thirds, will never vote to
pay the interest on your debt except upon the
condition of paying for their slaves or of con-
solidating the rebel debt with ours, making it
all one; and they will never pay a dollar to the
one-legged and one-armed soldier of the North
or to the widows and orphans of those who
fell, except upon the condition that you put
theirs upon the same level.
Mr. President, to me univgrsal amnesty
seems like sickly sentimentalism ; it is mag-
nanimity slopping over; it is spurious gener
osity, oblivious alike of justice, of principle,
and of posterity. Let us have a little healthy
public sentiment. Let us have something that
this nation can live by. Let us teach a lesson
in history that we are willing our children
shall be governed by. Let us not say to future
generations that those who sought to destroy
the best Government in the world, who sought
to build a new government whose foundation-
stone should be human slavery, who were
guilty of inhumanity, and who practiced a bar-
barism that belonged to times long gone by—
let us not say to future generations that these
men did no wrong, that they were worthy of
all acceptation, and of again being returned
to the highest positions in the Government.
I have heard it said that because Jeff. Davis
was not hung he ought to be amnestied. The
logic is that because he was not hung he
should be restored to office, and Congress
should make haste to concede that he had
done no wrong. Sir, the greatest blunder that
this nation ever committed, was in not pun-
ishing the ringleaders and the authors of the
rebellion. It is now past repair. Why was
Jeff. Davis not tried? Has the world ever
been informed of the reason? After he, the
arch-rebel, had been held in prison, and after
he was indicted, why was he never put upon
trial? Why, sir, in discharging Jeff. Davis
the Government conceded that he had com-
mitted no crime for which he could be held
responsible by the laws of this nation. That
is the lesson of history that has gone out by
the discharge of Davis without, trial. The
man who heard the dying groans of the starv-
ing and tortured prisoners in Belle Isle, and
Libby, and Andersonville, and other prison
pens, and who smiled his approval when he
heard those groans, the man who had done
more than any other man living to bring the
rebellion on, to continue it, and to hold out to
the last—that man was set free, discharged
from arrest, the Government thereby confess-
ing that he had been guilty of no crime for
which he could be punished.
But when it became apparent that no one
would be punished, Congress came forward
and passed the fourteenth amendment, and it
was ratified by the States. Congress thereby
intended to say, and the whole world so under-
stood it, " Although it has turned out that we
cannot punish these men, yet we intend to
signify our disapprobation of the rebellion ;
we intend to mark its criminality, by putting
in the Constitution a provision that will for-
ever prevent these men from holding office;
they may vote; they may come forward and
contribute to the election of Presidents and
others; they may exercise every right that
every loyal pan can, but they shall be excluded
from the single privilege of holding office."
We intended that as the last means of signify-
ing our view of the criminality of that rebel-
lion ; and now it is proposed that that shall
be obliterated ; that these men shall be invited
back as if they had done nothing wrong; as if
it were a mere mistake upon their part; and
so the children of the South are being taught,
and they are being taught in accordance with
the action of the Government of the United
States. If we shall grant universal amnesty, I
ask if the southern people will not have a right
to say, "Hypocrites all, you have now con-
fessed, by again placing the very authors of the
rebellion in power, that all you said about the
criminality of the rebellion was a lie, and yon
are now proposing to make it up with us by
inviting them to return and become the law-
makers of this nation ?"
Mr. President, I had intended to say some-
thing about the amendment offered by the Sen-
atorfiom Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] I de-
sire to say that I shall vote for that amend-
ment. I agree with him—justice before gen-
erosity, justice before spurious magnanimity.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] last
night made an argunlent that Congress had not
the power to pass that bill, but I observed one
thing on the part of my distinguished friend :
he did not say that the privileges and immuni-
ties intended to be protected by that bill did
not belong to citizens of the United States,
but he insisted that Congress had not the
power to enforce them, and that Congress
could not interfere except upon the condition
that the States first attempted by legislation, or
by the enforcement of some principle of the
common law, to deny to any person the exer-
cise and enjoyment of those privileges or
immunities.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. MORTON. ^ Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. He may have been mis-
led by the want of some care iu my language,
speaking as I did very unexpectedly and also
very hurriedly last night, and I infer fiom
what he has just said that he has been. My
position is not that Congress may not pass any
law upon the subject of privileges or immuni-
ties untii a State has passed some law denying
them, or until a State has failed to tnforce
them ; but what I contended was, that the
power of this Government cannot- interfere at
all to overcome any such law of a State, or to
overcome any such failure to protect the priv-
ileges and immunities of a citizen, 110 matter
when the act of Congress may have been passed,
until that denial or abridgment of them by
the State shall have taken place. The dis-
tinction is important. My view of it is that
although Congress may pass a law in anticipa-
tion, yet that law remains whollv suspended in
its operation until the case provided for in the
Constitution shall happen. Until then, there
is nothing for the law to operate upon.
Mr. MORTON. I think I did not misun-
derstand the distinguished Senator I under-
stood him as saying what he has just now said,
but he has not now said that the privileges and
immunities intended to be protected by this
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
do not belong to citizens of the United States
as such. I take him as confessing that they
are privileges and immunities belonging to
citizens of the United States as such. When
he admits that, his whole argument is gone.
If the Constitution of the United States con-
fers a right, the enforcement or protection of
that right belongs to the Government of the
United States. Will that position he denied?
The Senator will not deny that wherever there
is a right, a privilege, or an immunity that
flows from the Constitution of the United
States, it is within the province of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to protect the
enjoyment of thatright. If the things intended
to be secured by tiiis hill flow from United
States citizeuship, if a man has them because
he is a citizen of the United States, fiom that
fact and from that principle of' law, then it
follows that the protection of those privileges
belongs to the Government of the United
States. The conclusion cannot be resisted lor
a moment. If the right of a man to the equal
enjoyment of the privileges of traveling be-
longs to him because he is a citizen o!' the
