3212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
question very thoroughly. I desire to ask him
if the existence of a duty on coal is of any
benefit whatever to the coal miners of his dis-
trict?
Mr. KELLEY. I have no hesitation in an-
swering the gentleman's question as regards
ray own judgment in the matter. In the course
of an elaborate discussion of the question in
X8G9 I took the ground that the duty was in
no sense protective, nor did it affect the price
of coal in any market of the country; that it
was a question of revenue, pure and simple,
having no effcct upon the market price of the
article or upon the wages of labor employed
in coal mines. I then stated, as I do now,
that this agitation arose with several compa-
nies of gentlemen in the eastern part of New
England, who organized companies and opened
Nova Scotia mines. It is a question whether
the $322,000 shall go as I have already stated
into the Treasury of the United States or into
the treasury of those coal companies.
Mr. HOAR. Then, Mr. Chairman, as I
understand, if the House reduce this duty,
although some gentlemen think it is not right
to diminish ihe revenue in this way, it cannot
be elaimed that it is in any respect an un-
friendly aet. toward the coal miners of the coal-
producing States.
Mr. KELLEY. I speak for myself. Those
who more immediately represent the miners
than I do may differ from me. 1 give the
gentleman merely my own judgment.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of New York. Without
entering into the question of protection or free
trade, which has been so eloquently treated
by the gentleman on the Committee of Ways
and Means, 1 will say that I think the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Hituuik] is entitled to consideration. J
know of no authority that should have more
weight, or more entitled to it. in regard to the
question of the In rill' on coal at the present
time than till! consumers of tlio State of New
York, which, as a Stale, is the largest eoal
consumer in the country, and 1 can only say
that within the past six months 1 have observed
that coal lias been sold nt four dollars a ton
delivered in that city, which is a lower price
t.lian before the war, although wages are far
higher. And as an American, without refer-
ence to the question whether the laborer is
the limner hi Indiana, who complains that
he cannot get eoal cheaper, or the coal miner
in Pennsylvania, who complains that wnges are
too low, 1 can only say as one, taking a liberal,
thoughtful view of the whole question, that
coal delivered in the city of New York at four
dollars a ton yields little enough profit to the
producer or transporter. 1 shall there,lore
vole cheerfully for the amendment ofthe gen-
tleman from Maryland.
Mr COX. I ask my colleague [Mr. Town-
&&N1>] to yield to me the rest of his lime.
The CI1AI ItMAN. 1'ho Chair understood
that Ihe gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawks J had the floor, and yielded a portion
of his lime to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Towji'skm)] took the lloor in his
own right.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] is recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. COX. I want only to protest against
the proposition made by my colleague, [Mr.
TowxsKNl),] who says that coal has recently
been delivered in New York at four dollars
per ton. So it has ; but we are in the power
of the railroads that transport it from the
mines, and of the corporations that mine it.
Coal has been, as the gentleman well remem-
bers, as hi^li as twelve and thirteen dollars
per ton, where it was delivered in small
quantities.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of New York. In excep-
tional cases.
Mr. COX. Not at all exceptional; that
price continued all winter. We are at the
mcrcy of these very owners of the mines;
they are all monopolists. What is a monop-
olist? A man who does not allow fair com-
petition. Where we cannot get a full, fair
competition in respect to any article, then
there is a monopoly. That is the definition of
the term by all true economists. I do not
care whether you call them free-traders, or
protectionists, or what not.
Mr. DAWES. The reduction of the rate
upon coal, as proposed by this bill, from
$1 25 to fifty cents per ton has not been made
with any intention or expectation that it will,
in any way, affect the price of coal in Penn-
sylvania, or the employment of the miner
there, or the return of a dollar of income to
any owner of a coal mine in that State. It is
a greater reduction than the general reduction
proposed in the bill. And if it were to have
the effect which my friends from Pennsylvania
in their zeal here seem to think it will have,
1 would not for one moment lift my voice in
behalf of the proposition.
But f do not think any man can go into the
coal fields of Pennsylvania, or for a moment
reflect how much hangs upon the success and
prosperity of the mining interest there ; how all
the steam commerce of this country depends
upon it, how every machine-shop and every
forge in the land depend upon it, how the
comforts of the fireside, and all the ways, mul-
tiplied as the sands upon the sea-shore, in
which that coal is used, depend upon that
prosperity ; I do not think any man can seen 11
that and in any way lilt his hand by legisla-
tion and impair that prosperity ; or it any
would do it, it seems to me he must be beside
himself.
Pour years ago I went among those coal-
fields ; it was then after the war. I went
within twenty miles of where rebel armies
came and amused themselves with burning
bridges and taxing the inhabitants of cities in
round sums, levying contributions; and I
was amazed at their stupidity. A few hours'
work of the rebel armies in those coal mines
would have put an end to the war. Had they
hut set fire to the machinery over the mouths
of those coal mines, in thirty days every
steamship in this country upon the ocean sup-
plied by coal would have been stopped and
the blockade would have been raised ; every
forge would have died out, every machine-
shop in the laud would have been stilled.
Therefore, as a matter of self-defense, the
coal mines of Pennsylvania are to be cher-
ished by this nation.
But the question whether you shall here lake
off the duty upon coal is another question.
The cost of coal at the mine to the miner and
the owner of the mine is about the same every-
where all over the world. The difference
between that cost and what it costs the con-
sumer is in the freight, and every mile of
freight adds to that cost; and up to a certain
limit, therefore, in this country the length of
the chain is a protection. My distinguished
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] with the
magnificent coal beds of bis State, is hedged
in by a protection a thousand miles long from
any interference by any competing coal-fields
m the world. Now, sir, along the coast and
up to the coast the coal of Pennsylvania can
go, and no coal from any other source can
compete with it. And along the coast coal can
be brought from Nova Scotia and elsewhere
and put down, but the competition is not be-
tween the coal mines, but between the earners
ofthe coal. The question is whether we shall
pay to the freighters of the coal the additional
cost to the consumer, not to the owner of the
eoal mine, not to the miner who nicks it out,
but to the freighters ofthe coal. That is the only
reason why we propose in this bill to reduce
the duty oil coal to fifty cents per ton instead
of leaving it at $1 25 per ton, its present rate.
It is a question between freighters up to a cer-
tain line along the coast. It is because the
freighters from Nova Scotia can drop coal
down on the coast which they pay for in Nova
Scotia as the freighters from Pennsylvania pay
for their coal in Pennsylvania ; itis a question
whether the freighters of Nova Scotia can bring
the coal cheaper than the freighters from Penn-
sylvania can do it.
Putting on this coal a duty of $1 25 a ton
is just so much tax upon the consumer, and it
goes into the pockets of the railroads that run
between the coast and the mines of Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. KELLEY. Cannot coal be brought as
cheaply from the tide-water mines of Virginia
to the ports of Massachusetts and Maine as it
can be from Nova Scotia?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly not.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir; it can.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly not; because you
cannot take your vessel up to the very mine in
Viiginia and throw the coal into the vessel, as
you can at Pictou.
Mr. KELLEY. You can take the vessel
within five miles of the mine, and there is a
railroad for that distance.
Mr. DAWES. And those five miles add
$1 25 to every ton.
Mr. RITCHIE. The tolls of the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal are cheaper than the
rates for any other mode of transportation.
Mr. DAWES. The coal costs just as much
either way to the owner of the mine; and
whether the duty be fifty cents or three dollars
a ton, it will not make one penny's difference
to the owner of the mine, to the miner, or to
anybody in Pennsylvania who has any interest
in mines separate and distinct from the rail-
roads. But it will make a difference to the
railroads, it will make a difference in the
freightage, nothing else. If I can be con-
vinced to the contrary of this, I will withdraw
my advocacy ofthe proposition.
Mr. RITCHIE. The wages of miners,
which used to be forty cents a ton, are uow
sixty-five cents a ton.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Ritchie, it was not agreed to,
there being—nyes 61, noes 100.
Mr. RITCHIE. I give notice that I shall
call the yeas and nays upon this question in
the House.
Mr. COX. You will not have an oppor-
tunity.
Mr. McGREVY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "fifty," in line eleven, and inserting
" seventy-five."
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. McGrew, there were—ayes 07, noes
84.
Mr. McGRBW called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered and Mr. McGrEW and
and Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 81, noes 78.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion to ■
strike out, the paragraph, it wa^not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know whether it is
in order now or at the end ofthe section, but
as it is a part of this subject-matter, I move to
amend by adding " On coke and culm of coal
fifteen per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. MAYNA11D. Mr. Chairman, is this
proposition germane ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is germane to the
clause under consideration.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then it seems to ine
anything is germane. I would like to un-
derstand in what respect coke and culm of
coal are germane to bituminous coal.
Mi. DAWES. Culm is what is left after
you have screened the coal.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then Isuppose diamonds
would also be germane, as they are composed
of carbon. There is just about as much anal-
ogy in the one case as in the other.
Mr. DAWES. Culm is the screenings of
coal. Coke is that portion of the coal which
is burned over. I suppose the Chairman
understands this matter better than I do.
