in
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Cobum.
4'2b Cong....2d Sess.
infamous scoundrels? Mr. Speaker, some-
times I am almost tempted to think that there
may possibly be some impulse of that kind
acting upon the minds of men here; yet I am
loth to believe it; I cauuot believe it. I will
not believe that members of Congress can
come upon this floor, aud, while under the
responsibility of their oaths, act under an
pledge of thjit kind ; and gentlemen do great
injustice to tliemgelves when by their conduct
they give room for such a suspicion.
Now, in regard to the course of this debate,
I want to say a word, and then I will pass on.
Some of us had our names down for a little
discussion this evening. It has been a cus-
tom of the House jear after year to make lists
of that kind, and nobody has ever interrupted
the order. I do not think it is a good plan,
but it is the common law of the House. My
name was put ori that list two months ago.
Since that time i have never been able to get
tiie floor. I have desired an opportunity to
reply to my colleague [Mr. Vookhees] upon
this very question; hut the opportunity has
not oceuried. Other men had iht-ir names
down ; there was a long list. My triend from
Michigan [Mr. CoxGEii] and my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] have been on the list
a long time. The matter drifted along until
to-night was assigned for general debate.
There has been no pre-arrangement.
If 1 were dying I would say, as I have no
doubt these other gentlemen would say on their
oaths, that we have never attempted to cut
off debate by the Democrats—we have never
thought of such a thing. Time and again
Democratic members have come here on Sat-
urdays and occupied the floor, and no Repub-
lican has ever had the bad temper or the bad
mariners to interrupt them or to say one word
iu the way of complaint on account of their
speaking in succession.
1 say again that I would have been glad to
have had tiliis discussion brought up long ago
in the proper way. So far as 1 am concerned,
aud so far as concerns any action of the com-
mittee, there has been no cousultatiou, no
caucus, no preconcerted arrangement. Bui
this matter being intrusted mainly to the care
of the chairman of the committee, [Mr. Po-
land,] a kind, honorable, considerate, for-
bearing, patient gentleman, he has yielded to
everybody else, and the measure has drifted
along under the pressure of appropriation
bills, tariff bills, and the regular business of
the House, to the heel of the session.
A man more aggiesaive, more hostile to the
Democracy than the gentleman fiom Vermont,
would have brought up this matter earlier.
Yet this evidence of goud will on our part is
construed against us on the other side as an
evidence of hostility, of bad feeling, of a con
spiracy for party advaniage. Having con-
cluded these preliminary remarks, I will now
proceed to consider the questions I had ex-
pected myself to discuss.
Mr. Speaker, when the peace and welfare
of the liatiou are at stake those intrusted with
the conduct of public affairs cannot afford to
be silent. When the rights of large numbers
of citizens are violated and the laws of the
land are annulled, they are bound by every
obligation of duty and patriotism to speak out
and demand redress. Much more when many
members of a great party stand up and deny
the existence of these outrages, put the friends
of law and order upon proof, and stand organ-
ized to prevent or to pervert investigation.
At such a time he who would be silent, with
knowledge of the facts, would be criminal, and
he who would not do whatever he might to
rescue his fellow-men from peril should be
classed among the enemies of mankind. That
day is upon us. A great, secret, and despe-
rate band of outlaws infests many States. More
numerous and powerful than the banditti of
the Italian mountains, it finds apologists or
advocates or friends or excusers wide over
the land; it crushes down civil rights; it appais
tens of thousands of peaceful citizens ; it cov-
ers its actions by the cloak of midnight and
disguise; it arms with deadly weapons; it
scourges, burns, banishes; it destroys property
and takes life, and to-day we are called upon
by the trembling lips of a hundred thousand
victims to give relief and protection. A great
party, a great majority of the nation demand
that they be given, and we are here to consult
for the good of the Republic in this regard.
A committee of Congress has labored dili-
gently for months to ascertain and collect the
facts, and they have been presented to an
astonished country. They have recommended
that the provisions of the fourth section of the
act to enforce the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution shall continue in force until
the next regular session of Congress. I will
quote the fourth section :
" Sec. 4. That whenever in any State or part of a
State the unlawful combinations named in the pre-
ceding section of this act shall be organized and
armed and so numerous and powerful as to be able.
I y violence, to either overthrow or set at defiance
theconstnuted authorities ot such State, and ot the
United States within such State, or when the consti-
tuted authorities are in complicity with, or shall
connive at the unlawful purpor-es of, such powerful
and armed combinations; and whenevei, by reason
of either or nil ot the causes aforesaid, the convic-
tion of such offenders and the preservation of the
public safety shall become in such district impracti-
cable, in every such case such combinations shall be
deemed a rebellion against the Government of the
United States, and during the continuance of such
rebellion, and within the limits of the district which
shall be*eo under the sway thereof, such limits to be
prescribed by proclamation, it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States, when in hi> judgment,
the public safely shall require it, to suspend the
privileges of the writ of habeas cotpuv, to tiie end
that such rebellion may be overthrown : Proviilml,
That all the provisions of the second section of an
act entitled ' An act relating to habeas <-orpm, and
regulating judicial proceedings iu certain cases,'
approved March 3,18G3, which relate to the discharge
of prisoners othci than pti onerbof war, and to the
penalty for relusiog to obey the order of the court,
shall be in full force so far as the same are applica-
bleto theprovisionsof thissechon : Provided Jwther,
That the President shall first have made proclama-
tion. os now provided bv law. commanding such in-
surgents to disperse: And provided aim, That the
provisions of this section shall not be in forco after
the end of the next regular session of Congress."
The history, organization, causes, objects,
and results of the Ku Klux organization with
its kindred societies have been so often and
widely discussed before the taking of testi-
mony that I hesitate somewhat to resume it,
but a sense of duty impels me to undertake
the task. The report of the minority of the
committee seeks to palliate or excuse or jus-
tify in turn Ihe operations of I his dreadful
organization, and to throw whatever of blame
may attach to its inception upou the Repub-
lican party.
My colleague [Mr. Voorhees] a few days
since in the same tone denounced that party
as being chargeable with all the evils m the
region infested bythese outlaws. At the very
outset he indulged m the language of vituper-
ation, and pausing for a few moments in this
course he wandered into a region of philo-
sophic reflection upon the consequences of
evil-doing, and announced the theory that
"every result-has its distinct and specific
cause in the moral and political world, as
well as in the mathematical realms of the
physical sciences." A theory sound enough
if he had informed the House what and where
these "mathematical realms of the physical
sciences" were. Had that been done, we
might have measured how distinct and spe-
cific in his mind were cause and result. But
that we may not be left wholly in the dark,
he quotes from Mr. Buckle, who says:
"In the moral world, as in the physical world,
nothing is anomalous, nothing is unnatural, noth-
ing is strange. All is order, syinmetrj, and law.
There are opposites; there are no contradictions
In the character of a nation inconsistency is impos-
sible."
And further on he declares as true " the doc-
trine of uniform sequence, that certain events
having already happened, certain other events
corresponding to them will also happen." Not
satisfied with this philosophy, my colleague
rises to a higher plane, and illustrates it with
the expression of Scripture, "Ye shall know
them by their fruits."
He asserts that eleven States are in a fright-
ful condition of anarchy and bankruptcy, which
has been entirely brought on by the efforts
of Republicans at reconstruction, who by
this means have roused to fury the Ku Klux
Kians, and that they in turn have not been
half so wicked as their provocation justified;
while the Republicans are but reaping the
legitimate fruit of the seed sown by them.
His philosophy is based upon the assumption
that at the close of the war the eleven States
lately in rebellion were in a condition perfectly
adapted to reconstruction and restoration to
the Onion, and with ample resources and har-
monious elements in society could have moved
on at once to perfection in government. This
assumption is a pleasant one to Democrats,
and would be quite a relief to'fhem if it were
true; unfortunately it lacks this slightly essen-
tial element.
The war being over, we had a right to expect
that the rebels would go home and resume
peaceful avocations without opposition to the
Government which had not confiscated their
properly, and which had spared them from
exile or death for their crimes. We had a right
to expect some gratitude from men who were
dealt with in a spirit of such unparalleled
clemency. We had a right to expect content-
ment under any political system that might be
adopted. We were not prepared for opposi-
tion, hatred, conspiracy, persecution, banish-
ment, burnings, scouigings, open murders,
secret assassinations, and a reign of terror in
whole communities where these spared and
pardoned enemies dwelt. Honorable men
expected honorable men who laid down their
arms and confessed themselves conquered,
and who upon this were allowed to go home
on their parole, to behave well and keep the
peace.
When the war was over what were the ele-
ments of reconstruction? What were the
materials? The bitter recollections of rebel-
lion, hardships and defeat, the losses of prop-
erty, the destruction of life, the breaking
down of the masters, the enfranchisement of
the slaves, the disorganization of society in all
its parts ; a vast accumulation of debts, State
and individual; a currency utterly worthless,
all contracts and judgments m doubt; courts,
counties, cities, corporations, Legislatures, all
in chaos; all to be restored to working order
and harmony. The vast institution of slavery
in ruins, civil rights were to be conferred on
millions of people, a new order to be estab-
lished. All this my philosophic colleague
seems to ignore, and sums up the condition of
affairs in one sentence, as follows;
" Nearly seven years ago blessed peace, like a
merciful white-winged angel, came to the land."
That is his entire description of the country
at the close ot the war; and that is all right as
far as it goes. The time is about seven years,
more or less; peace is a blessed thing, so is
"a merciful white-winged angel," I suppose;
at least a merciful angel ought to be ; and
since he is somewhat famous for his Cauca-
sian philosophy in politics it may be that he has
discovered that the white-winged angels are
the best. My colleague then suys:
'Who since then lias poured upon the unresisting
ftnd helpless South the floods of disorder, corrup-
tion, bankruptcy, crime, oppression, and ruin ?"
And answers the question by charging it all
upon the Republican parly.
The fault with the argument is that it begins
too late in the history of the subject matter to
