2316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Strike out the words "or assay," andinsertthe
words "and all" before the words "officers
for the stamping of bars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There
are several verbal amendments which do not
change the character of the bill, and which I
have handed to the Clerk to be noted by him.
I will call attention to one or two that are more
important. In section fourteen of the bill 
Mr. VV OOD. 1 understood that this bill was
to be read by sections for amendment. I
would suggest to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] to allow that to be
done, and his amendments can be acted upon
when they are reached.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Very
well. I will ask unanimous consent that this
bill be considered by sections in the House as
in Committee of the Whole, under the five
minutes rule.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The first section, aa amended, was read as
follows:
That the Mint of the United States is hereby estab-
lished as a bureau of the Treasury Department,
embracing in its organization and under its control
all mints for tiie manufacture of com, and alt offices
for the stamping of bars, which are novvorwhicn
may bo hereafter authorized by law. The^bief
officer of the said bureau shall be deuominared the
Director of the Mint, and shall be under the general
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury. lie shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and shall hold
his office for the term of five years, unless sooner
removed by the President, upon reasons t,o be com-
municated by him to the Senate.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike out section one of the bill. I frankly
avow that my object in doing so is to eud this
bill. It seems to me that this is the most far-
cical spectacle that Congress can present at
this time, when Uncle Sam is covered all over
with rags, from head to foot, and there is not
a portion of his garments fit to wear in public,
for all is so ragged; when no member of this
House has seen a silver dollar or a golden
eagle, except as a curiosity in a museum, for
some four or five or six or seven years, and
when there is no probability of seeing another
golden eagle 1'ot' some six or seven years to
come. It seems to me to be the greatest of
farces for this House to present such a spectacle
as this, one tit for the pencil of Moigau or
Nast in the caricatures of the day; this exhi-
bition of two hundred and forty intelligent
gentlemen deliberating upon the subject of
coins and coinage ; more especially when the
Supreme Court of the United States has
recently declared that gold and silver are no
longer money, but that under the power in the
Constitution to coin money there is power to
print in the Treasury building Treasury rags
at the disposal and under the authority of Con-
gress. What farce greater than this is ever
enacted in any comic theater here or elsewhere?
What is move calculated to excite ridicule in
the country than so extraordinary a spectacle?
If my honorable friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hooper,J who hitherto or in better days
gone by led the van of specie payment, and
whose heart is sound and right on that score
now, and whose duty it is with sound heart
and sound head to give utterance to the sound-
ness of his sentiments, had in a bill like this
advocated the resumption of specie payments,
1 should have stood side by side with him in
advocacy of his bill. But I decline, Mr.
Speaker, here or elsewhere, in this magnifi-
cent theater of the Capitol or any other comic
play-house, to take part in the performance of
any ridiculous act like this to coin gold and
silver when no one has seen gold and silver
for several years.
[Here the hammer fell.J
Air. SARGENT. As the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] near me, has
very well suggested, the gentleman from New
York has not in his speech stated a single, sol-
itary objection against the passage of this bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have de-
clined to play in any such performance.
Mr. RANDALL. If the bill were to pro-
vide for tho removal of the United States Mint
to the city of New York, then, of course, it
would be all right in the gentleman's estima-
tion, and he would be ready to advocate its
provisions.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The whole
thing is extremely comic to me.
Mr. SARGEN f. The gentleman from New
York thinks it extremely comic for members
of the House to sit here and gravely consider
the provisions of this bill. I think, however,
he will find it extremely difficult to exclude
from consideration the fact that the annual
production of gold and silver in this country
amounts to about seventy million dollars.
Now, sir, if it be true that by the provisions
of the coinage laws, as they are now, most of
the gold and silver.produced in this country
takes wings and flies to other countries, thus
rendering it impossible if the depletion of the
precious metals shall continue to take place,
for us to return to specie payments, which the
gentleman does not seem to anticipate will
ever take place, it may be well for us to con-
sider, Mr. Speaker, whether it is not time
now to so am end the law as to enable us to keep
this gold and silver in our own midst. That
consideration alone ought to raise this bill in
the estimation of the House, and in this re-
spect secure from even the gentleman from
New York serious attention. In this bill there
are very many useful provisions in view of the
interests and wants ot the country at this time,
and if Congress has neglected them heretofore,
it is the very best reason in the world why they
should no longet be left unprovided for.
Now, the gentleman from New York [llr.
Brooks] does not seem to understand that
there are now some sections of the Union
where gold circulates by the million of dollars,
and that there are also some parts of the
country where silver circulates by the million
of dollars,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Like cotton
and sugar.
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; but as coin. Upon
the Pacific gold and silver are the regular circu-
lating medium, and there is nothing except a
mere artificial barrier between that portion of
the country and all the rest on account of the
circulation throughout the Pacific coast of
gold and silver.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POTTER rose.
The SPEAKER. No further amendment
is in order, and debate on the pending amend-
ment has been exhausted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I renew it. Mr. Speaker,
I am not unmindful of the specie produced in
this country; but let me ask the gentleman
from California whether he thinks specie
payments can be restored by any device we
can impress unon the coin of the country at,
a time when the Government paper in cir-
culation is worth but ninety cents on the
dollar of its nominal value? The gentleman
says we can reduce the coinage charge. Now,
how much is the coinage charge?
Mr. SAIIGEN T. One half of one per cent.
Mr. POTTER. Now, will the reduction of
one half ofone per cent, put goid in circulation
when the paper currency is now nearly eleven
per cent, below par?
Mr. SARGENT. It will keep it in the
country, so as to be here for coinage purposes.
Mr. POTTER. It will keep it in the country
so as to be here for coinage purposes 1 Why,
it is here for coinage purposes now, and if it
is not coined with the stamp of the Federal
Government on it, it is because it cannot after
it is so stamped be used for circulation in
this country, but instead goes to countries
where it can be used, countries which do use
coin as their medium for circulation, and there
gets the stamp of those countries upon it. No
amount of legislation can make coin circulate
for more than its intrinsic worth, except small
coins for subsidiary purposes and within nar-
row limits ; for if you stamp on the coin a false
value, it will nevertheless circulate only at its
true value.
If, however, there are any excessive charges
on account of coinage, I say reduce them. But
if the gold and silver go away to other coun-
tries, it is because they are wanted as a circu-
lating medium when they get to those coun-
tries, while we do not so use them here. I
will go hand in hand with any man who wishes
the country to get back to specie payments.
But there is only one way in which that can
be done. It is to make a dollar of legal-ten-
der paper redeemable by and so equal in actual
value to a real dollar. No contrivance of
putting stamps upon these coins, or of recoin-
ing the coin and putting on another stamp
instead of the present one, will make the coin
worth one cent more than the real intrinsic
value it possesses; and all measures to give
a false and arbitrary value to the coin of the
country will prove here, as they have proved
everywhere, a delusion. And if that is one
of the purposes of this bill it is not a purpose
which should commend it to our consideration.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to ask the gentle^
man who has just spoken [Mr. Potter] if he
knows of any Government in the world which
makes its subsidiary coinage of full value?
The silver coin of England is ten per cent,
below the value of gold coin. And acting
under the advice of the experts of this coun-
try, and of England and France, Japan has
made her silver coinage within the last year
twelve per cent, below the value of gold coin,
and for this reason : it is impossible to retain
the double standard. The values of gold and
silver continually fluctuate. You cannot de-
termine this year what will be the relative
values of gold and silver next year. They
were fifteen to one a short time ago ; they are>
sixteen to one now. ,
Hence all experience has shown that you,
must have one standard coin, which shall bel
a legal tender for all others, and then you may
promote your domestic convenience by having
a subsidiary coinage of silver, which shall cir-
culate in all parts of your country as legal
tender for a limited amount, and be redeem-
able at its face value by your Government.
But, sir, I again call the attention of the
House to the fact that the gentlemen who
oppose this bill insist upon maintaining a
silver dollar worth three and a half cents more
than the gold dollar, and worth seven cents
more than two half dollars, and that, so long
as those provisions remain, you cannot keep
silver coin in the country. Certain silver bul-
lion dealers of New York are making from
titty thousand to one hundred and filly thou-
sand dollars a year out of your Government.
One ot thetn admitted to my colleague on the
committee and myself, that, his business aver-
aged from one million eight hundred thousand
to two million dollars a year, and that he put
the silver into the Mint, and drew out for
every two_ dollars four half dollars and one
ten-cent piece.
This bill, while it contains many other ex-
cellent provisions, will save to the people of
the country at least from a quarter to a half
million dollars in the next year, apart from
the jobbing in hypothecated bars, and when
we come to specie payments we will save
$5,000,000, which now go to the silver bullion,1
dealers of New York. _J.
[Here the hammer fell.]
I he SPEAKER. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. POITER. I desire to say just one
word. I do not^ differ from the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley.] m regard
to the section we are now talking about.
Ihe motion to strike out the section was
disagreed to.
