1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3213
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
proposition germane. On an amendment of-
fered some time ago by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania the Chair ruled that it was in
order. Though somewhat doubtful at the time,
he has since become satisfied, upon examina-
tion of the rule, that while all such amend-
ments are in order it has hitherto been cus-
tomary to bring them in at the close of the
section.
Mr. DAWES. I think this is a proper place
for my amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. It had better come in
here in its order.
Mr. DAWES. On the articles named in my
amendment the present duty is twenty-five per
cent. With coal at fifty cents, I had proposed
to fix ten per cent, as the duty on these articles.
As the rate on coal has been fixed at seventy-
five per cent., I think fifteen per cent, on coke
and culm of coal preserves the same propor-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "fifteen" and
inserting " twenty." The gentleman from
Massachusetts has put together in his amend-
ment these two articles, coke and culm of
coal. Coke, as every one knows, is a manu-
facture of coal, produced by burning it and
expelling the sulphur. It is an article upon
which more labor, more capital, more cost
enters into, and certainly the rate of duty on
coke ought not to be less than the duty on coal.
The duty on coal, as now fixed in this bill, is
about twenty-five to thirty per cent., and it is
now proposed to make the duty on coke not
more than one half of that.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee mistakes the kind of coke to which refer-
ence is made. The coke around the Pennsyl-
vania mines and blast-furnaces is one thing
and the coke of commerce is that which is left
after making gas, and is really good for noth-
ing except for being used in open forges. Very
little of it is brought into this country from
abroad, and it cannot come irfto competition
with anything here, because there is nothing
like it on the face of the earth.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to make
an inquiry of the gentleman, whether coke is
produced in the manufacture of gas alone ?
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to that, but
I suspect there are some other ways the thing
is produced. The fact that it is produced in
the manufacture of gas does not make any
difference if the result is the same. It has
nothing to do with coke around the furnaces
of Pennsylvania. It is a light, feathery stuff,
produced at small cost, and used in open forges.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must inform the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that I know as
much about coke as he does, because it is pro-
duced in my neighborhood in large quantities,
and is used in the manufacture ot irou largely.
And if we put a duty on coal, it seems tu me
we ought to put the same duty on coke.
Mr. DAWES.. I admit that kind of coke is
so used, but none of that kind of coke is iound
along the sea-board nor until you get to
Great Britain. There you find it, and there
they use every particle of it, besides going
down into the earth for thousands of ieet for
more coal. They never send a pound of it
here. But very little can be brought into our
country.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why cannot coke be
imported from Nova Scotia and furnished to
the iron establishments, as in Pennsylvania
and Maryland?
Mr. DAWES. Because the chief value is
gas, and to expel the gas to make coke and
send the gas into the atmosphere, and then to
take the coke to bring it in here, is taking the
little end of the horn and leaving the big end
behind.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has expired.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to withdraw
the goke part of the ameadmeut.
Mr. STEVENSON. None has been brought
in here for two years.
Mr. KERR. I move to amend by making
it eight cents, instead of five. None has been
imported. It is a humbug. It was never
heard of before in any tariff bill until two
years ago, when gentlemen threw a drag-net
to bring in everything to pay duty. The whole
thing is a piece of humbuggery.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
say to the House that the gentleman is entirely
mistaken in regard to this matter. Culm of
coal pressed into the form of bricks is used
in the English navy and in the French navy
almost entirely to the exclusion of coal in any
other form. It is the most compact form in
which coal can be used, imported or exported.
Culm, as I have said, is pressed into the
form of bricks, and is not only used in the
English navy and in the French navy, but I
believe to a very large extent is also used in
our Navy.
Mr. DAWES. Nineteen thousand five hun-
dred and twenty-eight dollars was the value in
full of all that was imported.
Mr. CONGER. But the gentleman must
recollect that imported by the Government is
not charged with duty at all.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. RITCHIE. Culm of coal, as I under-
stand it, is fine coal.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Ritchie] will permit me, I will say
that unless you have some duty on culm of
coal, everything that is brought in in the form
of coal will be entered as culm of coal, and
the revenue will be defrauded.
Mr. KERR. I think the revenue officers
can be trusted to protect the country against
that kind of fraud.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
make an inquiry of the Chair. Was the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] in order ? Were there not already two
amendments pending?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] withdrew his
amendment, and that of the gentleman from
Tennessee fell with it. And then the gentle-
man from Massachusetts renewed so much of
his amendment as related to culm of coal.
Mr. RITCHIE. The danger to which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
has referred must have been in the eye of the
committee when they proposed a duty on
bituminous coal of fifty cents per ton. I ask
them why it'is that the amendment is now
proposed? I understand culm of coal to be
nothing but coal fined, and I would suppose
the generic term would embrace all varieties.
I may be mistaken, however.
Mr. DAWES. I will tell thegentleman why
this is offered now. The Printer by mistake
left out culm of coal i  printing this bill. It
was in all the other tariff bills that have been
printed, but by mistake was omitted from this
one. ,
The question being taken on Mr. Kerr s
amendment, it was disagreed to.
The question was next taken on Mr. Dawes's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
On salt in bulk, eight cents per hundred pounds.
Mr. DUELL. I move to amend that par-
agraph by striking out '4eight" and inserting
in lieu thereof''twelve." .
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from New York. [Mr. Dcell.]
The CHAIRMAJT. The gentleman from
New York has the floor.
Mr. DUELL. The present duty on im-
ported salt in bulk is eighteen cents per one
hundred pounds. When imported in bags
twenty-four cents per one hundred pounds are
charged—-eighteen cents for the salt anu six
cents for the bags. The duty on a barrel of
salt containing two hundred and eighty pounds
is therefore fifty cents and four mills.
The Committee of Ways and Means pro-
pose to reduce the duty on salt in bulk to
eight cents per one hundred pounds, a reduc-
tion of more than sixty per cent. The amend-
ment which I propose is twelve cents per one
hundred pounds, amounting to a reduction of
thirty-three and one third per cent, from the
present duty.
The annual consumption of salt in the Uni-
ted States is now-about 32,000,Q00 bushels, of
which about 12,000,000 are imported, and
about 20,000,000 are domestic salt. Of the
home production about 8,500,000 bushels are
made in the State of New York, about 4,000,-
000 at Saginaw, in the State of Michigan, and
about 6,000,000 in Ohio and West Virginia,
and one or two millions in smaller quantities
in Kansas and other parts of the United
States.
The production of salt in the United States
gives employment to fifteen thousand persons
and $20,000,000 of capital.
The American manufacturers of salt sell
their annual product at a price not exceeding
two dollars per barrel, averaging the sales at
all points in the United States, however near
or however distant from their works. This is
the fair average price, with all the cost of the
article, including barrel, package, transporta-
tion, commission to agents, computed or reck-
oned upon it. I think I may safely assert that
of all the articles of our internal commerce,
salt is relatively the cheapest.
Salt is produced in the United States either
by boiling or by solar evaporation from brine
pumped from wells four to eight hundred feet
in depth. It requires the expenditure of a
large sum of money for erections in which the
salt is made and for working capital. For
example, at Syracuse, New York, where eight
million five hundred thousand bushels of salt
are made annually, the manufacturers have built
three hundred aud sixteen fine-salt blocks,
costing $2,250,000; forty-four thousand coarse-
salt vats, $2,500,000 ; they use anactual cash
capital of $1,250,000 ; making a total perma-
nent investment of $6,000,000. In addition
to this they employ directly and indirectly five
thousand laborers, whose average compensa-
tion is $2 06 per day, and consume annually
two hundred thousand tons of coal.
The cost of producing a barrel of salt at
Syracuse, New York, (including the barrel,)
is $1 61, and at Saginaw, Michigan, $1 54.
There is probably no manufactured article in
which the ingredient of labor enters so largely
as in that of salt. The water itself is of no par-
ticular intrinsic value. At Syracuse the State
sinks the wells, pumps and distributes the
water, inspects and weighs the manufactured
article, all for one cent per bushel. It will be
seen, therefore, that salt fitted for use is pre-
eminently the result of combined capital and
labor ; of capital applied in the erection of ex-
pensive manufactories, and of labor employed
in the process to which the crude material is
subjected. The cost of salt in the market is
simply the cost of the capital and labor used in
the production ; and the protection offered to
it by revenue and tariff laws is precisely the
same in principle and in fact as that afforded
to any other branch of manufacturing industry.
It has been said that the resources of the
United States are not sufficient to supply the
wants of our people. This is a great mis-
take. Salt exists in native forms in nearly
all the States and Territories of the Union.
The manufactured salt of commerce is pro-
duced from strongly impregnated brines m
New York, Ohio, Michigan, and West Vir-
ginia. The known resources of these four
States, if taxed to their limit could annually
furnish salt sufficient for the consumption ot
a population of over three hundred and fifty
millions, or eight times the present population
. of the United States, aud geological research
