1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1421
been enacted this year are already in the
newspapers since this session commenced.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Have we
passed any ?
Mr. POMBROY. Yes, we have passed a
good many. Now the Senator comes and says
that they are not in the newspapers until after
they get into the pamphlet edition. _ Why, sir,
the pamphlet edition is not published until
long after we adjourn. You cannot publish
the pamphlet edition until you have the laws
of the whole session ; and here the newspapers
have had them day by day during the whole ses-
sion. I submit to Senators whether we should
change a policy which has been inaugurated
siuce we had a Government; whether we should
do what is against the principles of our Gov-
ernment, and keep the laws away from the
people, because it is virtually keeping them
away when you do not give them facilities for
reading them in the newspapers, where they
read everything else. They tind nothing relating
to their conduct under the law that does not
first appear in the newspapers. Afterward,
to be sure, it may get into the statutes; but
that is a long time.
Now, I want the Committee on Appropria-
tions to consider that this appropriation for
publishing the general laws, which are of uni-
versal application, in the newspapers, is the
most economical and best appropriation you
have got in the bill. The Senator says if we
do not adopt this amendment we shall have to
put in a large appropriation. Of course we
shall, because you have left it out.
Mr. COLE. The House left it out.
Mr. POMBROY. You have not provided
for it. If you did not have an appropriation
to pay the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
you would have to come in with a deficiency
because you had left it out. It is one of the
institutions provided for by law hitherto. You
propose now to abolish the law. If you do
not abolish the law, and do not put in the ap-
propriation, then there will be a deficiency.
That is very clear. That is a thing that need
not have been argued any length of time.
What I object to is to leaving out the appro-
priation with a view of publishing the laws.
The committee seemed to think that if they
left out the appropriation it would be easier
to abolish the law ; but leaving out the appro-
priation is only another way of not providing
for doing it; and if you leave out the appro-
priation you may as well leave out your pro-
viso, because if you provide and do not fur-
nish the means, then there is nobody going to
print the laws. You may commit the Govern-
ment to a debt which it will have to pay some
time, but that is not the way to administer thq
Government.
If we are such reformers as we are esti-
mating ourselves to be, we had better reform
iu the right direction, not strike a blow at
general intelligence among the people first,
not strike a blow at the newspapers of the
country that publish the laws. Begin some-
where where it does not go to the intelligence
and the education and the information of the
people. When we reform in that direction we
should reform to give it to them more freely;
we should reform in the direction that will
give it cheaper and more freely to every one.
I have said for years back so much on this
subject, and supposed it was so well settled,
that I thought the committee themselves would
abandon any proposition of the kind.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, the laws of
this Government are generally so beneficent
and useful that the people seem to care but
little for having them in printed form. If we
should by any chance or otherwise pass a law
of general interest such as would attract the
attention of the reading public, those who read
the newspapers, that law would be discussed
in the newspapers, would be fully set forth
before the people of the country without any
actual publication of the text of it, or without
the Government paying anything for the pub-
lication of it.
I think, as was stated by the Senator from
Vermont, that probably not more than five
per cent, of the people take the newspapers in
which these laws are published, and in all
probability not five per cent, of those who take
them read the laws.
This is regarded as the sort of thing for the
benefit of the newspapers of the country; but
I concur in the opinion that those papers which
publish the laws are not of that class that are
sought for general reading. Indeed, thepapers
that are most sought by the people for news
and intelligence are those which absolutely
refuee to publish the laws, on account, per-
haps, of the small pay allowed for that service
heretofore.
The Houfce of Representatives left out this
appropriation of $72,000 without, perhaps,
knowing at the time that it was necessary to
repeal the law; but we have information now
from the Department that under the law the
Secretary of State will be obliged to furnish
copies of the laws to the papers, and this ac-
count will be running on, and we shall find
ourselves indebted to the amount of $72,000
at the end of the fiscal year for which we are
providing.
This matter has been np before Congress
heretofore, I am aware, and it ought to have
been disposed of long ago. I do not think
now there are many papers asking for the
publication of the laws, or that care anything
about it. There are one or two in Kansas,
but they are exceptions, I think.
Mr. POMEROY. Are there none in Cali-
fornia?
Mr. COLE. I believe not. Our people in
California understand the laws instinctively,
apparently. They never seem to desire the
publication of them in this way. If they have
use for them they get them in the bound vol-
umes ; and I am sure they pay no attention
to those that are published in one or two news-
papers iu that State. Indeed I hardly know
the names of the papers in which they are pub
lished, so little anxiety is exhibited in regard
to it. I think we had better adopt this amend-
ment, save $72,000, and get rid of this vexa-
tious subject which has been before Congress
too often already. We may be quite certain
that it will be brought up next year, the next
year, and again unless we make an end to it,
as we expect to do at this time.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, I shall vote
against this amendment upon two grounds. I
shall vote against it upon principle, and 1 shall
vote against it because it is a proposition to
amend this bill by repealing a law and attempt-
ing to repeal a law in a manner that I do not
intend to give my sanction to.
It has been suggested that but a very small
per cent, of the people take the papers in
which these laws may be published. It has
been suggested also that a very small per cent,
of those who take the papers read the laws.
I might concede the truth of that proposition,
and still there would be but little advance
made in the argument, for it is the discussion
thai is invited and that we have upon the laws
which I regard as the valuable feature growing
out of the publication of the laws in news-
papers. That is to say, though but a small
per cent, of the people may read the laws as
published, and but a small per cent, may take
the papers in which the laws may be published,
the laws being thus published in newspapers
in the localities where they are thus published,
newspapers the country over are thus led to
see what the laws are," to discuss them, and
thus get them before the people.
It is a very trite saying to say here that the
strength, the glory, the power, the future of
this nation, is bottomed upon the intelligence
of the people ; bottomed upon their informa-
tion with reference to the laws that govern
them. You may say as often as you please
that these laws are not read. We have that
opinion because being here and seeing the
laws hs they are passed, and taking part in
them, we do not read them. I know that in
my own State the laws are thus published in
the newspaper, and the impression prevails on
the part of some persons there that they are
not read by the people. Nothing can be a
greater mistake; and the consequence is that
at this session you find petitions coming here
from the people, petitions that never would
have come with reference to these laws but for
the fact that they were published in the news-
papers, and thus called to their attention.
My thought in this connection is this! that
instead of shutting out the light, we should
give the people light with refereuce to the
laws; and I can see no good reason why this
small expenditure comparatively, for it is
comparatively a very small expendituie, should
be denied. We expend hundreds of thousands
of dollars in this appropriation bill and other
appropriation bills upon objects and subjects
that are not half, nor quarter so worthy as
this, and we pass them without a thought.
But here when it is proposed that we shall
continue the publication of these laws in certain
papers to be designated, it is said that it will
cost $72,000. What of it? The laws that are
published are, as I understand, the general
laws; not the special laws; nor would I have
the special laws thus published; but all general
laws ought to go into at least two papers in
every State of this Union, and thus have the
discussion invited and the people know what
the laws are.
In the second place, I shall vote against this
amendment for the reason that it proposes in
an appropriation bill to repeal a law. I desire
to say here that I shall oppose all such pro-
posed amendments to an appropriation bill.
All" appropriaiion bills ought to stand upon
their own merits, and nothing should be in-
troduced that is not strictly germane to the
object of the bill. If you can repeal this law
by this amendment, as proposed by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations,
then you can as well repeal other laws ; and
if you can repeal other laws, then you can in-
troduce, as has been done heretofore, general
legislation, and I do not know anything so
vicious iu our legislation as that very thing.
Appropriation bills, 1 repeat, ought to stand
upon their own merits. When it is proposed
to introduce all kinds of general legislation
into an appropriation bill, I say the sooner
the Senate of the United States and the Con-
gress of the nation stop it the better. I shall,
therefore, vote against the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferky,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Cole.]
Mr. POMEROY asked for the yeas and
nays, an d they were ordered.
Mr. COLE. I will agree to have the yeas
and nays after the bill is reported to the Sen-
ate. Let us go on in committee.
Mr. POMEROY. if the amendment is not
to be announced as carried, I will make no
objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be reserved until
we come into the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Let it be reserved as a pending
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Chair will not
announce it as having been agreed to, I will
not call for the yeas and nays now.
Mr. COLE. I will leave it as a pending
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be passed over
without taking any action.
Mr. COLE. That will answer. I will agree
to pass it over until we come into the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to that arrangement.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
offer an amendment.
