1872.
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4109
This is the attitude of the bill, andat a future
moment, promising to be as brief as I can, I
shall call the attention of the Senate, first, to
what the Treasury Department after a careful
examination deemed essential in the bill; then
to the amendments which the Senate adopted
and which have been abandoned in conference;
and then I have a letter, a careful letter, writ-
ten by the Secretary of the Treasury in answer
to an inquiry of mine since the conference report
was presented, reviewing the bill in the light
of that report; and if the Senate can listen to
this letter, without note or comment, and then
say that, without a further conference, without
any effort, we should commit the lives of all
those who travel on steamboats and ferry-boats
to provisions like these, I shall hold that I
have done my duty as the humblest member
of this body.
Since this report has been lying on our
table, in the harbor of the city of New York
another steamboat has blown up and sent to
sudden destruction men and women who had
assembled to take leave of friends who were
about to sail away to the Isthmus or around
the Cape.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is the Senator aware
that that boat that blew up had every single
contrivance that is mentioned or alluded to in
the late law?
Mr. CONKLING. I think I can show the
honorable Senator from Michigan—I have
heard-his suggestion made before; it is the
patent-right suggestion—that the amendments
contain provisions relating to no patent-right
which might have saved that boat and saved
the lives which were then extinguished. I will
show the honorable Senator that under the
bill as now reported you may as well discon-
tinue all suits against the Westfield Ferry-Boat
Company and other like cases for those in-
jured there, and the survivors of those who
perished can no longer stand in the courts of
justice: every such claim will be answered by
the provisions of this bill.
I quote the language of one wiser than I,
one who has no interest in patents, but who
owes a duty to this subject as high as our own.
when I say we had better repeal steamboat
laws and commit those who journey on steam-
boats to their rights at common law, than to
invent provisions like these to put up the bars
against every right of action for negligence
likely to occur.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York 
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, if I have
the fraction of one minute remaining before
the morning hour expires, I beg to add one
sentence. The bill before us attaches to every
steamboat or craft to which it applies an im-
munity from liability under which no death or
destruction by fire, or accident, can be visited
in its consequences upon the owners of the
vessel unless you can show actual carelessness
in them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York will please suspend. The
morning hour has expired and the sundry civil
appropriation bill is before the Senate, upon
which the Senator from California [Mr. Cole]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr.' CHANDLER. I hope we shall pro-
ceed with the consideration of this steamboat
bill until we have some action. ' I move to lay
the appropriation bill on the table in order to
continue the consideration of this conference
report.
Mr. COLE.
I have not yielded the floor.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the foMowing bills and joint
resolution :
A bill (H. R. No. 757) to carry into effect
the fourth article of the treaty of February
23,1867, with the Seneca, Shawnee, Quapaw,
and other Indians;
A bill (H. R. No. 903) for the relief of
George A. Stevens, of the United States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 2834) to confirm to the
Great and Little Osage Indians a reservation
in the Indian territory;
A bill (EL R. No. 2411) granting a pension
to A. Sehuyler Sutton;
A bill (H. R. No. 2623) to provide for the
removal of the Flathead and other Indians
from the Bitter Root valley, in the Territory
of Montana; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 82) providing
for a more effective system of quaraniine on
the southern and Gulf coasts.
The message also announced that the House
further insisted on its amendments to the bill
(S. No. 616) to release to the State of Indiana
the lands known as the bed of Beaver lake, in
Newton county, in said State, agreed to the
further conference asked by the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. James N. Tyner of
Indiana, Mr. John P. Farnsworth of Illinois,
and Mr. James H. Slater of Oregon, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
Hou&e had concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. 11. No. 2413) grant.inga
pension to George \V. Parris, with an amend-
ment ; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 546) relative to homestead
settlers burned out in the States of Minnesota,
Wisconsin, and Michigan ;
A bill (S. No. 569) relative to the entry and
clearance of ferry-boats and of bonded cars
passing from one State to another through
foreign contiguous territory;
A bill (S. JNo. 710) to refund certain duties
paid by the Winona and St. Peters Railroad
Company;
A bill (S. No. 739) for the relief of Sarah
A. Ward;
A bill (S. No. 745) relating to a site for pub-
lic buildings in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and
Sacramento, California;
A bill (S. No. 790) to extend the provisions
of an act entitled "An act for the relief of cer-
tain purchasers of land from the legal repre-
sentatives of Bartholomew Cousin," approved
February 18, 1871 ;
A bill (S. No. 823) to cancel a certain deed
to the United States of America;
A bill (S. No. 837) to authorize the issue of
an American register to the brig Delphine;
A bill (S. No. 855) to provide for the sale
of the marine hospital and grounds at San
Francisco;
A bill (S. No. 897) in regard to tbe com-
mencement of increased pay to promoted offi-
cers in the Navy;
A bill (S. No. 910) relating to inventories
and accounts of the property of the United
States in public buildings and grounds;
A bill (S. No. 429) supplementary to an act
entitled An act to aid in the construction of
telegraph lines, and to secure to the Govern-
ment tbe use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes," approved July 24, 1806 ;
A bill (S. No. 595) to fix the pay of certain
rear admirals on the retired list of the Navy ;
A bill (S. No. 857) granting a pension to
Margaret H. Judd, of Wilmington, Delaware;
and
A bill (S. No. 1105) for the relief of Har-
mon E. Wentworth, late second lieutenant
fourteenth New York heavy artillery.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills with amend-
ments; in which amendments it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 508) for the relief of certain
tribes of Indians in the northern superintend-
ency;
A bill (S. No. 382) to provide for a building
for the use of the Federal courts, post office,
internal revenue and other civil offices, in the
city of Little Rock, Arkansas; and
A bill (S. No. 754) granting the right of
way through the public lands for the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph in Florida.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
eurolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President: '
A bill (S. No. 230) for the relief of Mary
M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clark, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 298) directing the conveyance
of certain lots of ground with the improvements
thereon for the use of the public schools of
the city of Washington ;
A bill (S. No. 299) amending an act entitled
" An act directing the conveyance of a lot of
ground for the use of the public schools of the
city of Washington ; "
A bill (S. No. 324) to extend the provisions
of an act for the final adjustment of private
land claims in the States of Florida, Louisiana,
and Missouri, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2397) granting a pension
to Margaret C. Gibson;
A bill (H. R. No. 2398) granting a pension
to Martha G. Rudolph ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2400) granting a pension
to William B. Taylor;
A bill (H. R. No. 2401) granting a pension
to Margaiet Caldwell;
A bill (H. R. No. 2416) granting a pension
to Andrew Reinfort;
A bill (H. R. No. 2117) granting a pension
to Abraham Cooper ;
A bill (H, R. No. 2418) granting a pension
to Mrs. Nancy E. Pugh ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2422) granting a pension
to Phebe Ann Elderkin :
A bill (H. R. No. 2423) granting a pension
to James Supple ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2708) relative to the cen-
tennial international exhibition, to be held in
the City of Philadelphia, State of Pennsylva-
nia, in the year 1876.
The message also announced that the House
insisted upon its amendment to the bill (S.
No. 1073) increasing the rates of pensions to
certain persons therein described, disagreed
to by the Senate, agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Jesse H. Moore of Illinois, Mr. Eras-
mus D. Peck of Ohio, and Mr. John T. Bird
of New Jersey, managers at the same on its
part.
civil appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor on the
unfinished business ot'yesterday, which is the
bill (H. R. No. 2705) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes. That bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole. The
Senator from California claims the floor, and
he is entitled to it. If be yields the floor the
Chair will then, according to usage, recognize
the Senator from Michigan to move that the
bill be laid on tbe table for the purpose of
continuing the consideration of the conference
report.
Mr. COLE. I do not yield the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California claims the floor, and is entitled
to it.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, we are now
under a resolution to adjourn on Monday
next. There are but two working days, in-
cluding this, between now and the time of
adjournment. The sundry civil appropriation
bill which I hold in my hand is one of con-
siderable length, one of sixty-five or more
It contains a great variety of subjects.
