1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
United States, and that citizenship is created
by the Constitution of the United States, then
the protection of that privilege belongs to the
Government of the United States. When the
Senator concedes that these privileges are the
privileges of citizens of the United States and
because of that character, then he gives to the
Government of the United States the power
to protect them.
The Senator seems to argue, or seems to
be imbued with the idea, that the fourteenth
amendment has given new privileges and im
rnunities to citizens of the United States. It
has not. ' It has simply declared who shall be
citizens, and then it says that no State shall
abridge or deny the privileges or immuniiies
of citizens, but it does not create a new privi-
lege or immunity. They existed before.
Now, Mr. President, I come to the last
argument of his. He says Congress cannot
interfere to protect these privileges and im-
munities except where a State shall first deny
them. Well, in point of fact, every Stale in
the Union does deny them to-day. Am I mis-
taken in that statement? They are denied in
some form by every State to-day. They are
denied in every State in this Union in some
form, so that so far as the fact is concerned
the case is made, even as put by the Senator
from Ohio.
But, Mr. President, the Senator took my
friend from Nevada somewhat to task yester-
day. He said that the Senator from Nevada
could not comprehend a constitutional argu-
ment. I thought he underrated my friend's
ability very much. But I want to say this,
that it is very difficult for a Democrat brought
up in the old State-rights school of Virginia
to 'comprehend lhe luurteeuth and fifteenth
amendments. I have never met with one yet
that did. The Senator's argument is that the
State must first deny before the Government
can entorce. If that is the case, no legislation
is required. If a State passes a law denying
these rights or privileges it is unconstitutional,
and the courts will so declare it. Any action
on the part of the courts of a State in deroga
tion of these rights will be held to be in viola-
tion of tlie Constitution. That is the remedy
by the courts. But the Senator overlooks the
great fact (and I have had the honor myself
of calling his attention to it before on other
questions) that the remedy for the violation of
the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments was
expressly not lelt to the couits. The remedy
was legislative, because in each the amend
ment itself provided that it shall be enforced
by legislation on the part of Congress.
If Congiess is to enforce these amendments
it must be done by affirmative legislation, by
coming in and providing the penalties in case
of their violation. We had the same principle
precisely on the bill to enforce the tilteenth
amendment: "No State shall deny the right
of suffrage on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude." The Senator
from Ohio argued then that we could not inter-
fere until some State had denied the right on
that account, but he was met by the argument
that this right was placcd within the protec-
tion of the Government of the United States ;
that the Government could interfere by legis-
lation, and must therefore interfere by legisla-
tion m advance in the way it was done. In this
bill we are simply following out the philosophy
of the bill to enforce the iitteenth amendment.
Enough, then, Mr. President, upon the con-
stitutional question. In conclusion, 1 say that
while I believe it is a great strain upon the
fourteenih amendment to amnesty by classes
at all, yet as this bill excludes from amnesty
the three classes who are the greatest crim
inals, the principal authors of the rebellion,
lam inclined to vole for it. I repeat the dec-
laration heie that universal amnesty, viewed
in its future consequences, in the lesson it is
to inculcate in history, I regard as inhumanity ;
1 regard it as immoral. We have no right to
instruct our children in false principles, abso-
lutely in the innocency of treason in all future
rebellions in the nation, by granting full am-
nesty and pardon to the authors of that great
rebellion whose consequences will linger in
this country for centuries to come.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I confess
that I am somewhat more at a loss to compre-
hend the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
on this occasion than I have ever been before.
He ends his speech with a passage of very im-
passioned rhetoric, in which he tells us that
universal amnesty is universal inhumanity, and
not simply inhumanity, but immorality; and
yet he gives us to understand that with the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts he is prepared to vote for this
bill of almost universal amnesty. How he can
reconcile it to himself to vote for a measure
that upon his own statement is one of uni
vrrsal inhumanity to this and to succeeding
generations, and which is not only inhuman,
but immoral, too; how he can reconcile it to
himself, entertaining those sentiments, to vote
for such a bill, requires more casuistry than I
possess to find out.
It is as plain as that two and two make four,
that if this bill of universal amnesty is im-
moral and inhuman, it will be none the less
immoral, and none the less inhuman, and
teach no worse lesson, if the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts be attached
to it. With or without that amendment, if
amnesty teaches that treason is no crime, if
amnesty encouiages treason, if amnesty fos-
ters rebellion, if amnesty puts into the mouth
of every man who has resisted this Govern-
ment an incontrovertible argument in his de-
fense; if that is the effect of amnesty, it will
be none the less its effect after you shall have
attached to it the civil rights bill of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. How, then, the
Senator from Indiana can denounce this bill in
the way he has done, and in the same breath
declare his intention to vote for it, passes my
comprehension altogether.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator does not
intend to misrepresent me.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. MORTON. I was speaking of universal
amnesty. I was speaking of the bill as it came
from the House ot' Representatives, which, in
in its three exceptions, embraces those whom
I regard as the princip.il authors of the rebel-
lion, the ringleaders. I said that so far as
the bill, as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, went, with these exceptions exclud-
ing these principal authors of the rebellion, I
might vote for it. I did not say that I would
vote for this bill if the amendment, offered hy
the Senator from South Carolina was adopted
making it universal. His motion is to strike
out the exceptions. I am opposed to that. I
i can bring myself to go no further than this bill
| goes as it came from the House of Representa-
| tives wiih the amendment ou it that was put on
| it in the Senate.
I Mr. THUltMAN. Well, now, Mr. Presi-
| dent, I am only more at a loss than ever. It
1 must be that 1 am particularly dull this morn-
ing. If the Senator considers the bill which
came from the House a bill not too narrow and
not too broad, but precisely the right kind of
a bill, containing the proper exceptions and
going far enough in its exceptions, then 1 put
it to him, why have we had this impassioned
denunciation of amnesty this morning; where
was there anything to denounce ? There has
been no amendment offered to this bill jet
to strike out a single one of its exceptions.
The bill is here as it came from the House
of Representatives ; it is before us as it came
from the House of Representatives. There
has been no amendment offered to strike
out a single one of the exceptions as yet.
When that amendment shall be offered it will
be proper to consider the particular merits
of that exception, mid say whether it shall
be sti ii'ken out or not. But the friends of
this bill have again and again proposed to
the Senate—they proposed it long ago, they
proposed it weeks ago—to take this bill and
pass it in totidem verbis as it came from the
House of Representatives; and where has been
the trouble about it? If the friends of this
bill, although they were dissatisfied with some
of these exceptions, although they would rather
have seen them stricken out, or most of them
stricken out, yet were willing, forthe purpose
of harmony and for the purpose of a speedy
passage of the bill, to take it just as it came
from the House of Representatives, and to
enact it into a law, where was the necessity
for impassioned declamation this morning on
the subject of amnesty?
I can only account for it in one way. It
has come to be the custom, I am inclined to
think, for the Senator from Indiana, at the
beginning of each political campaign, to make
a speech which the lesser lights of the Repub-
lican J>arty and the Republican press gener-
ally announce as the key-note of that cam-
paign ; and it seems that he is looked to to
sound the key-note of each campaign—that
that function has been devolved upon him or
assumed by him until it has passed into a part
of the common law of the Radical party.
And now at the beginning of this great cam-
paign of 1872 the Senator has sounded his
note again, and I only regret that in all the
years that he has been studying this music he
has found no new tune, nor even a single new
note. It is the same old note again ; it is the
same old tune again ; it is the same old hor-
rors of the rebellion ; it is the same old wick-
edness of the instigators of that rebellion; it
is the same old terrible suffering that that re-
bellion entailed on the country; and it is the
same frightful array of ghosts, found nowhere
except in the Senator's imagination, of what
is to result to this country should the Demo-
cratic party ever get into power.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt him? This is not the note the
Senator from Indiana sounded in 1865, when
he made a speech in favor of Johnson's policy.
I Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Well, I leave that to be
settled between the Senator from Missouri and
the Senator from Indiana. Paulo majora can-
amvs, I speak of the present note. It is the
same old cry of payment of the rebel debt';
payment of pensions to rebel soldiers ; reinsti-
lution of slavery; refusal to pay our own de';t;
ref usal to pay pensions to our own soldiers; and
so on to the end of the tune. These are charges
that certainly the Senator believes, or he won Id
j not make them; for no one is authorized to
I charge a Senator,especially when speaking from
! his place in this Chamber, with asserting what
! he does not believe. There are charges which
I undoubtedly the Senator believes; apprehen-
I sions which his lively imagination conjures up in
I his fertile brain, but which I venture to say no
| other human being, in the whole length and
] breadth of the Republic, in his senses, and
intelligent, enough to form au opinion, does
believe for one single instant.
Why, how is it? Payment of the rebel debt?
How is it to be paid in the face of your
fourteenth amendment, which prohibits even
a State from making any payment of it.
Payment of pensions to rebel soldiers! Pos-
itively prohibited by your font teenth amend-
ment. Repudiation of jour own debt! Its
payment is solemnly guarantied by your own
Constitution. Reinstiiutiou of slavery ! It is
positively prohibited by your Constitution and
by the constitution of every State in the Union.
And yet a Senator, a distinguished Senator, a
Senator who is looked upon, perhaps, as the
leader of his party and the particular mouth-
piece of the Administration, has the boldness
to get up in the Ainencj.n Senate, before it
and the American people, and, sounding the
key note of the campaign, to hold up these
preposterous pictures to frighten the credu-
lous out of their propriety! Sir, it may do
very well on the stump in some swamp of
