1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Gobum.
Ho. of Reps.
give a fair account of the causes of the woes
he recounts. His theory of cause and effect
is a good one. His quotation of Scripture
that ''every good tree bringeth forth good
fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil
fiuit," is timely, and ought to be applied to
all the facts. Some one has said that to tell
part of the truth is a lie; in court the witness
is sworn to tell the whole truth Then in the
name of candor let it all be told ; and then
let the doctrine of cause and effect be applied;
let us see what tree it is that bears evil fruit,
who planted it, where it grows, who eats its
fruit!
He says the fruit is the robbery of eleven
States by the Republicans since the war.
A fair view of the question requires us to see
what was their condition before the war ended,
and when it ended. The trouble with the gen-
tleman arises mainly out of the question of
suffrage and office-holding. We have allowed
ignorant, and unfit men to vote and hold office,
and so the sensible white men who were up-
right and capable to manage public affairs
were thrown out, deprived of power, audit fell
into the hands of corrupt white adventurers
and very ignorant and unprincipled negroes.
So far as appears by his speech, the eleven
States were, at the close of the war, very pros-
perous and rich, and the people were all con-
tented and happy. The gentleman seems in
his study of the history of the wrongs of the
South to have heard nothing of a civil war
which had waged therefor four years, in which
the bitterest passions were aroused ; in which
cruel and barbarous ciimes were perpetrated
systematically and publicly upon helpless pris-
oners ; m which the losses of property were
a thousand-fold greater than those which he
recounts; in which eleven State governments
were wrecked, the people forced into aruis by
a despotic conscription, and hundreds of thou-
sands dragged from home and slain ; in which
all the banlt circulation, all the circulating
medium of exchange, became worthless in the
people's hands and proved a total loss; in
which the railroads were seized, diverted from
their regular business, and worn out in the
hard service of war; in which the whole busi-
ness of the people was stopped, and utter ruin
and bankruptcy brought on all that region;
in which both the channels of foreign and
domestic trade were totally dried up, and bar-
renness and desolation spread like a pall over
all that legion; in which four million slaves
were emancipated and had the duties as well
as rights of freemen devolved upon them.
All ttiis seems to be unknown to lnm, and he
reasons as it' the whole South was a paradise
at the close of the war when the Republicans
entered and thereby introduced sin. This is
a happy way to dispose of the case, but not a
liaiural one for a philosopher of the Baconian
school, who plants his feet upon facts and
thence draws his conclusions.
But there were facts occurring before the
war woithy of note in tracing out the causes
of the peculiar condition of society at the
present day, which had something to do with
demoralizing the people both white and black.
The testimony of many prominent men of
the Democratic party in the southern States
is to the effect that there is better order, less
violence, and fewer crimes in the South than
before the war; that open violence, fights,
feuds, whippings, and murders are less fre-
quent than tormeily. If this be true, and our
Democratic opponents declare that it is so,
would not a philosophic mind come to the con-
clusion that the present and recent Outrages
are a natural consequence of a previous con-
dition of outlawry before the war, when ihe
southern chivalry lought out their quarrels in
the streets and highways, and by mob violence
and brute force drove their opponents into
submission or exile? Would it not occur to
such an inquirer that the Ku Klux organization,
which operates by terror, was the natural and
legitimate offspring of such a state of affairs,
rather than in high taxes, bad local govern-
ments, carpet-bag rule, negro ascendancy, or
official bribery since the war?
And is it possible that the very men who for
years bad been used to scenes of persecution
and violence should become saints by the
operation of the war, and then suddenly fall
from grace when the war was over and recon-
struction begun ? Did it ever occur to him that
popular education was not fostered extensively
m that region before the war, and that possibly
some evils might arise from the ignorance and
prejudices of the people? Did it ever occur
to him that the institution of slavery before
the war had also a tendency to degrade and
brutalize the white as well as the colored peo-
ple? Did it ever occur to him that the code
of laws made as jirops to slavery, brimful of
inhumanity, injustice, oppression, and abomi-
nable cruelty could taint the public mind and
breed such bad passions as would swarm like
carrion crows over southern society ? Did
it ever occur to him that the terrible revolt,
without a cause, against law, order, peace,
and good government, the waging of war, the
shedding of blood, the sacrifice of a people,
could have no effect to demoralize public
sentiment ?
And while I say this, let it be added that
these words would never have been spoken
but for the argument that Republicans are to
blame for whatever of ill exists in that, region,
and that they are guilty ot'a wholesale robbery
of that people.* That astonishing assertion
demands the full statement of the facts in
contradiction.
When the war began, in 1861, the debts
and liabilities of the eleven rebel States were
$102,51(3,000. In 1865, at the close of the
war, they were $222,848,000, having more than
doubled in that time. Of t.liis ®89,567,000 were
contracted in aid of rebellion. In addition to
this sum the debt of the confederate gov-
ernment was §2,345.297,000, making for the
war debt of the States and the confederacy
3>2,434,804,000, a sum so much greater than
the present debts of these States, at which my
colleague is horrified, as to bear no compari-
son. This enormous debt was extinguished
with the rebellion, and the seal of repudiation
put upon it forever by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, much to the chagrin
of many men who have never ceased to de
nounce that grand measure of settlement and
progress. Ttiat debt is canceled forever, and
the Republican party is alone entitled to the
honor of doing it.
But this is not all; the losses to those
Stales by reason of the war m assets, trust
funds, and balances in the treasuries were
$37,140,000. To this is to be added the loss
of bank circulation, which became worthless
in the hands of the people, $51,000,000; and
the loss in property, in addition to personal
property and real estate with improvements,
was the vast sum of $2,759,577,000, greater
even than the great debtof the States and con-
federacy combined, and making in the aggre-
gate a sum of 555,104,441,000. This sum,
this debt, these losses seem never to have been
weighed in the gentleman's estimate, but to
have been passed by as too trivial to affect
seriously his mind, or that of any of those
persons of Ku Klux proclivities who have
been stung to desperation and madness in view
of the enormous losses and debts of their
unfortunate States.
But this is not all. There was a vast debt
due by the southern business men to the north-
ern business men when the war began of over
three hundred million dollars, more than half
of which was lost forever; but these northern
merchants never dreamed of tile ingenious
means used by the Ku Klux to get their money
back. The matter was put in the .account of
profit and loss, and so laid away to be seen
no more. Masks, whips, fire-brands, dirks,
pistols, the midnight raid, terror, exile, tor-
ture, and murder seemed never to enter into
their accounts. Perhaps they may profit in
future by the suggestions of tlieir Democratic
sympathizers and frame a new system of book-
keeping, and when the money of their debtors
runs out proceed to take the balance out of
their hides.
When the work of reconstruction begun the
losses and the debts of that region bestrode it
as a vast mountain, thousands of the people
were destitute of clothes or food, and the
Freedmen's Bureau stepped in and supplied
white and black alike with what was needful.
Millions of dollars were expended in this way.
Railroads were repaired at the expense of
other millions, and sold back on long credit
to the companies, and these debts to the
nation are not yet paid.
My colleague has made the following state-
ment in relation to the debts of the southern
States, which he defiantly declares is accurate.
i challenge it from beginning loend:
"I submit the fullowinK condensed tablo of fig-
ures, and I defy their successful contradiction on
this floor or an.vwhero else:
" Atubtinm.—Debts and liabilities at the closo of
the war, £5,039.651 87 i debts and liabilities January
1.1872, fcS8,381,9b7 37,
" Arkunms.—-Debis and liabilities at the -Jose of
the war. $-1,<'3G,yr>-i 87; debts and liabilities January
1, 1872, 4.1(1,761,205 1)2.
'■ Florida.—Debts and liabilities at the close of the
war, $221,000: debts and liabilities January 1,1872,
$15,703,147 51.
" Gwrgin.—Debts and liabilities at. t.ho close of the
wnr, nominal; debts and liabilities Juno, 1871,
$50,137,500. (.ice statement of Mr. Augier, treasurer
ot Georgia.)
" Louisiana —Debts and liabilities at the close of
the war, $10,099,071 3t; debts and liabilities Juno
1, 1871, inuiudinK the excess of expenditures over
receipts, $50,510,20(5 91.
"iYo/V/i Caroliit't.—Debts and liabilities at the closo
of the war, §9,099,500; debts and liabilities Janu-
ary 1, 1S72. «1,H87,-107 85.
''SoulIt Carolina.—Debts and liabilities at the close
of the vvii.r, &5,OO.),O0(); debts aud liabilities January
1, ]Sr2,$3i).138,914 47.
" M iHxiv'ir/nn.—Debts and liabilities at the close of
the war, nominal; debts and liabilities January 1,
1872, about $2,000,000.
" Tenumaee.—Debts and liabilities at the close of
the war, 820,105,00;! 66; debts and liabilities Janu-
ary 1. 1872, !>45,ttS8,26J 46.
" Texan.—Debts and liabilities at the close of the
war, nominal; debts and liabilities January 1,1872,
420.861,000.
" Vtiwiiia.—Debts and liabilities&t the close of the
war, $31,838 111 59; debts and liabilities January 1,
1872, $45,480,512 21."
The amounts here inserted are incorrect,
are too large, are founded on contingencies
and possibilities which have not yet happened,
and are in no sense debts.
No one can deny that the debts of southern
States have been largely increased since the
war. Extravagance, and in many cases dis-
honesty and corruption, have prevailed. There
has been gross mismanagement by the State
officers. The greater part of these debts have
been incurred to aid railroad companies. At
the close of the war and the beginning of recon-
struction the people of those States rushed
eagerly into railroad enterprises as one of the
great remedies for the losses incurred by the
war. The desire was natural, the remedy
was an excellent one, the intention was good,
but the execution of the plans was wretched.
Speculators, grasping and worthless ad ven-
turers fastened themselves upon the reorgan-
ized States like vultures, and have wasted and
robbed their substance, a thing which some
men do not seem to know is the consequence
in every disorganized State, and the legitimate
result of civil war, just as much as the loss
of property and the waste of health and life.
Tbese debts are not the result, of party man-
agement, and can be said in no sense to be
political, both sides taking part largely in all
measures by which they were incurred.
