THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
(H. R. No. 1496) to carry out certain pro-
visions of the Cherokee treaty of 1866, and
for the relief of settlers on the Cherokee lands
in the State of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I said yesterday that I
■would ask the consideration of this bill as the
same provision passed the Senate at the last
Congress and at this Congress, though not
this identical bill, i ask for its present con-
sideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has it been referred ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been.
There was a colloquy about it last evening just
before the adjournment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think a matter of that
importance ought to go to a committee. I
insist on its reference: it will only delay the
bill a day.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee havejust
reported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But my friend says it is
not the same thing identically.
Mr. POMEROY. There is only one change,
and I will state what it is. They reported that
the Indians should receive a dollar and a half
and a dollar and a quarter for their lands, and
the House bill puts it at two dollars. It is the
only difference between the Senate bill and the
House bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has the House bill been
printed so that we can compare them?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been
printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the motion that
it be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and then of course it will be printed
under the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY. I only say that the com-
mittee have considered it and reported it twice,
and it has passed the Senate twice. Now, if
the Senator desires to have it passed three
times through the committee and three times
through the Senate, I do not object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All right.
The bill was referred to the Committee ou
Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 1027) to perfect navigation on the Missis-
sippi river was by arrangement to be laid be-
fore the Senate this morning; but the Chair
understands that the Senator from Minnesota
[Mr. Ramsest] desires that the bill shall go
over un*;il to morrow morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why is it not referred
to the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator himself asked
to have it lie on the table and be printed, and
it has been printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now it ought to be re-
ferred to the proper committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. Our committee have had
the matter under consideration a long time,
and have reported the very same bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thisisa House
bill similar, as the Senator from Minnesota
stated, to a Senate bill reported by the Senate
committee on the same subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If this is the bill that
provides for selecting pine lands, and having
a general hocus-pocus on the subject of that
grant, then 1 want it referred in the regular
way to the Committee on Public Lauds.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to
having it referred, but there is no hocus-pocus
about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, I withdraw the
hocus-pocus.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator fiom Ver-
mont withdraws the hocus pocus, I will agree
that the bill shall be referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
1 he bill was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
FRANCES A. M KINHEY.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Trumbull, Scott, and Thurman the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1866)
for the relief of Mrs. Frances A. MeKinney.
* petitions and memotuals.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the
memorial of W. L. Grant, praying that no
extension may be granted for the patent of
A. B. Wilson for a feeding motion to sewing-
machines ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petitions of
James C. Connor, of Hamilton county, Ten-
nessee; of Lee Crandall, of Morgan county,
Alabama; and of J. H. Norwood, of Lowndes
county, Alabama, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Hamilton county, Tennessee, asking Congress
to remove the political disabilities imposed
upon James C. Connor, of that county ; which
was referred to the select Committee ou the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
soldiers and sailors of Wisconsin, praying for
a modification of the homestead laws in behalf
of officers, soldiers, and sailors honorably dis-
charged from the service of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Wisconsin, late soldiers of the United States
Army, praying for an equalization of bounties
and for bounty lands; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented three memorials
of citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against a change of the existing tariff laws
abating or abolishing duties upon such articles
as are successfully produced in this country ;
which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
^ Mr. WEST presented the petition of Delilah
Kelly, widow of Daniel H. Kelly, praying Con-
gress to allow her the full pay, bounty, and
pension due her husband ; wtiich was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
citizens of the United States, praying for an
equalization of the bounties paid to soldiers,
and that they be granted bounty lands uncon-
ditionally ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee ou Military Affairs.
He also preseuted the petition of G. L.
Houssknecht, of Brooklyn, New York, pray-
ing the payment ot a fifty-dollar bond destroyed
by fire by the burning of the custom-house
building in the city of Chicago, Illinois; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SCO FT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, soldiers of the late war, pray-
ing for an equalization of bounty and for bounty
lands ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of II. S.
Cole, ol Rankin county, Mississippi, praying
the removal of his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WILSON. I present a petition signed
by Israel Nash & Co., and a large number of
merchants of Boston, praying Congress to take
immediate action in regard to the duties on
tea and coffee. They represent the import-
ance of prompt action and the suffering of the
business community on account of the delay.
I move that this petition be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKHNG. I'preseut the proceed-
ings of the Chamber of Commerce of the State
of New York touching an act recently passed
by the House of Representatives to provide I
for the better security of life on board of ves-
sels propelled by steam, and for other pur-
poses. These proceedings recite that the bill
has been carefully examined by a committee
of the Chamber of Commerce, and that it
meets the approval of that body. I move the
reference of this memorial to the Committee
on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a petition of
citizens of Louisiana, praying that the pro-
visions of an act to enforce the rights of citi-
zens of the United States to vote in the sev-
eral States of the Union, and for other pur-
poses, may be extended over that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections.
Mr. OSBORN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Florida, praying for a separate judi-
cial district of the United States for west Flor-
ida ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented the following reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Massachusetts ;
which were read, and ordered to lie on the
table and be printed:
Resolutions upon the subject of French spoliations.
Whereas there are now residing in this Common-
wealth many children and grandchildren of enter-
prising merchants who were impoverished by the
seizure of their ships and cargoes in time of peace
upon the sea by French cruisers, in violation of the
law of nations; and whereas the claims of these
merchants were fully recognized by France, and
their collection assumed by the United States, and
they were subsequently released by the United
States to France for full and adequate considera-
tions, under a treaty which relieved the United
Sta.tes from the onerous guarantees and obligations
to which they were subjected by the treaties of alli-
ance and commerce with France in 1778, which ex-
posed them to war with other nations; and whereas
the merchants thus deprived of their property, so
appropriated by the United States, thereby acquired
just claims against the United States for their prop-
erty applied for public uses, under the constitu-
tional provision that private property shall not be
taken for public use without just compensation;
and whereas neither the unhappy sufferers nor their
heirs have received any compensation whatever
therefor, although some of the heirs of those mer-
chants, once in affluence and thus impoverished,
have become charges upon the State, and others are
dependent upon the charity of their friends, and
liable to become a charge to the public, and the
State is interested in obtaining aprovision for their
wants by the recovery of their claims against the
Federal Government as their natural guardian:
Tnereiore,
Jtemhed, That our Senators and Representatives
in Congress be requested to use their best efforts to
recover those just debts so long withheld, and to
aid, by all proper means, the passage of any hill for
tneir speedy and equitable liquidation.
Jtesolved, Tiint his excellency the Governor be
requested to send a copy of this resolution to our
bcuators and Representatives in Congress.
ItiiVUNUB BILLS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report back the res-
olution of the House of Representatives de-
claring the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 1537) to repeal the existing
duties on tea and coffee to be in contravention
with the Constitution, and to ask that it be
referred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections. In making this report I will ac-
company it with a brief statement.
This is the first time in the history of the
Government that the power of the Senate to
propose amendments to revenue bills has
been questioned or limited by the House of
Representatives. The Committee on Finance
having already committed themselves upon
that question, thought it best to allow this
matter to be presented to the Committee on
Privileges, a committee organized by this
body to take charge of that cfass of subjects.
So far as the^ommittee on Finance are con-
cerned, we are unanimously of the opinion
that the Senate have the same power to pro-
pose amendments to a revenue bill that they
have to any other bill. The Constitution ex-
pressly declares in so many words that " the
senate may propose or concur with amend-
ments" to revenue bills " as on other bills;"
and from the foundation of the Government
