4110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31;
It in fact contains appropriations for carrying
on the Government for the next fiscal year.
The passage of this bill is absolutely indis-
pensable at this session.
Besides this, there are tvro other appropria-
tion bills, neiiher of which will consume any
considerable space of time, the one providing
for fortifications, the other in relation to rivers
and harbors. The one relating to fortifica-
tions is in the hands of the Committee on
Appropriations, the other in the hands of the
Committee on Commerce. Neither of these
is of'anything like the importance of the sun-
dry civil appropriation bill. If the Senate
are disposed to stand by the Committee on
Appropriations, there will be no difficulty in
disposing of these bills at this and the next
session and adjourning at the time fixed by
the resolution which has already passed both
branches of Congress. It will take some little
time to read this bill. The amendments which
have been reported by the Committee on Ap-
propriations are not very numerous, nor are
they of great importance. They are such as
can be disposed of without delay, and I hope
without discussion. If Senators will forego
the disposition to talk upon questions not per-
taining to the business before the Senate at
the particular time, there will be no difficulty
in getting through with this bill before the time
named in the resolution of adjournment.
I am not disposed to discuss the merits of
this bill at this time, but only to refer to the
course of business of the body. I did not
intend to discuss the merits of the bill any
way, because that would result, as Senators
must see, in the same consumption of time
which 1 am deprecating, and I do not intend
to set the example of consuming time in the
discussion of the provisions of this bill unless
Senators require some explanation of them.
If any explanation is required upon any par-
ticular point in the bill it will be given by
myself or some member of the committee
readily, and without unnecessary words, as I
am certain, and we shall be able to vote under-
standing^ upon every question involved in
this bill.
Now I hope, and I appeal to the Senate, that
Senators will stand by the Committee on Ap-
propriations until this bill can be disposed of.
There is a groat anxiety on the part of mem-
bers of both branches of Congress to get away
from here within a very few days. There
is a convention pending, and many wish to
attend that convention. I will state here that
there will be a reluctance on the part of the
House of Representatives, as I am informed,
to extending the time already fixed, and now
that we have time enough to dispose of this
bill and even other bills of importance before
Congress, if there is not unnecessary delay,
and without postponing it, I propose that the
Secretary now proceed to read the bill, and
that we act upon the amendments reported by
the Committee on Appropriations as they are
reached in the reading of the bill, avoiding in
that way one reading of it that might other-
wise be called for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) That course will be
pursued if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWE. There is objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
bill will be read at length.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that that ob-
jection will continue long, but I want to sub-
mit a motion. I want now to take the sense
of the Senate once more as to whether they
•will give a shoit time to consider the business
from the Committee on Claims. Unless other
Senators prefer a different time, I will propose
to-morrow attwelve o'clock lor the considera-
tion of that class of business, and in order to
submit that motion I shall have .to move to
lay the pending bill on the table, and I wish
the Senate would understand that I only move
to lay this bill on the table for the purpose of
taking the sense of the Senate on that ques-
tion.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion for a moment to allow me to say
a word ?
Mr. HOWE. I will withdraw it for that
purpose.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say that while
I shall be very glad to give the Senator's
committee an opportunity to pass their bills,
there are bills here of a general character of
great importance, and I think that bills of a
public character and of general importance
should have the preference over what must be
called private bills, however meiitorious they
may be. It is very important to great com-
mercial interests that the steamboat bill should
pass in some form before the end of this ses-
sion. Objections have been made to this con-
ference report; we have had a strong speech
in general terms against it, and I think that
the objections will be found more general than
specific in their character. But the report ought
to be considered, and it should be acted upon,
and if it is rejected let us have another confer-
ence committee and a new report made.
I have received many dispatches from
steamboat men on the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers in regard to this bill. I understand the
importance of it, and I am but doing my duty
when I urge upon the Senate action on this
bill. I am sure it is of more importance than
any private bill that cau be brought forward,
and I hope that when the conference report
comes up again, it will not be met by general
declamation, but will be met by specific objec-
tions to the bill, that they may be considered.
Mr. CHANDLER, I now make the mo-
tion that this appropriation bill lie on the
table for the purpose of continuing the con-
sideration of the steamboat bill, until we have
final action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the pending bill lie
on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I second that demand.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall vote to lay on the
table, but with no purpose to proceed with the
steamboat bill 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to lay on the table is an independent one. It
does not follow that any other bill is taken up
if this motion prevails.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Buckingham,
Chandler, Clayton, Perry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Harlan, Howe,Kellogg, Logan,
Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool. Pratt, Ramsey,
lUee, Sawyer, Sehurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, and
Stevenson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Cole, Conkliug, Cooper, Corbott, Cragin, Ed-
munds, i'l-elingliuysen, Hamilton of Mary land. Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Moirill
of Vermont, Norwood, Nye, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Spraguc, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Vick-
crs, and Wright—28.
ABSENT—Messrs.Boreman, Brownlow,Caldwell,
Cameron, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Fenton, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin,ICelly,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Ransom, Thur-
man, Trumbull. West, Wilson, and Windom—20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I suppose there will be no
objection to disposing of the amendments as
they are reached in the reading of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. The next motion in order
after a motion to iay on the table is amotion
to postpone indefinitely, and that I now make.
Sir. COLE. I hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will not, in the face of the vote just
taken, make that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I move that this bill be indefinitely
postponed, and on that I desire to be heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves the indefinite
postponement of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. In making this motion,
let me say I seize an opportunity which other-
wise I might lose, and which I desire for my-
self and my friend, the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Schurz.] We seek a hearing. Could
there be an understanding on the part of the
Senate that we should have that hearing, for
instance, this evening, I should have no dis-
position to go on now ; but without that under-
standing I shall be obliged to take advantage
of the opportunity now afforded.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator let me
inform him of a fact ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I see the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] is not in his seat, else
I should not ask the Senator to hear me state
what I am going to state. The Senator from
Wisconsin, wliowason the committee to whose
report the Senator is going to refer, is also
absent.
Mr. SUMNER. He was here a minute
ago.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Maine,
who is my immediate neighbor when he is in
his seat, [Mr. Hamlin,] has been called sud-
denly away, a very heavy blow of affliction
having fallen upon him, which compelled him
to take the early train this morning for his
home to attend the death-bed of one very near
to him. I thought the Senator from Massa-
chusetts might not know this, and might like
to know it, and therefore, in the absence of
the colleague of the Senator from Maine, and
in the absence also of the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Carpenter,] I make the state-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. I am obliged to the Sena-
tor. I had received from another quarter an
intimation in regard to the Senator from Maine,
and I unite with the Senator and all his asso-
ciates in a sincere regret at the occasion. The
Senator from Wisconsin is now in his seat.
He is the author of the report. I think he
can represent it on the floor.
I begin, sir, by calling attention to the re-
port on the sale of arms to France.
This report is an extraordinary document,
doubtless one of the most extraordinary in par-
liamentary history, but not more extraordinary
than the committee. Indeed, from such a com-
mittee, constituted in open defiance of a first
principleof parliamentary law., it would be nat-
ural to expcct a report defying first principles
in everything. At least three of the commit-
tee were disqualified from sitting, as much as
a juror who has given his opinion before trial,
and one of these was the chairman. Accord-
ing to parliamentary law, they should have
risen in the Senate and declined to serve ; but
they went on the committee, and the present
report is their verdict.
I present this report as unworthy of the
Senate in every respect; wanting in ordinary
fairness, unbecoming in tone, unjust to Sen-
ators who had deemed it their duty to move
the inquiry, and ridiculous in its attempt to
expound international law. Its character is
already fixed beyond recall. So far as remem-
bered, it will be known as the "whitewash-
ing report." For the present I forbear to
say more on this head, assured that the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] will do it
ample justice.
It may be remembered, that, during the
former debate, much was said of a political
character, and especially in defense of the
President of the United States. The Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] led in that de-
bate, and seemed desirous of drawing me into
it. I declined, wishing, if possible, to confine
it to the Arms Question. I said nothing of a
political character. But the time for reserve
on my part has passed, and now I accept the
opportunity. *
Mr. President, I have no hesitation in declar-
ing myself a member of the Republican party
and one of the straitest of the sect. I doubt
