1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2319
until the other day, this power was never
questioned by the House of Representatives
or by any individual member.
1 have no doubt that the hasty action of the
House grew out of the dispute that has fre-
quently arisen between the two Houses as to
the meaning of the term " revenue bill" in the
clause of the Constitution giving the House
the exclusive right to orginate revenue bills;
but now a different question is raised and pre-
sented by the House. This bill did originate
in the House, but it is now proposed to limit
our power to amend, a power not only inci-
dent, to the Senate as a coordinate branch of
Congress, but expressly given by the Consti-
tution. The Committee on Finance thought
it was better to refer the matter to (he Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections with a view
that it may be fairly considered and determ-
ined.
The difficulty, as [ understand, grows out
of the amendment adopted by the Senate pro
posing a change in the internal revenue laws
as an amendment to a tariff bill. That may
be a question of propriety or expediency, but'
is not a question of power. The power of the
Senate to propose any amendment whatever
to a revenue bill is as broad, full, and com-
plete as by parliamentary law is allowed by
way of amendment to any other bill.
The very question that an amendment to
internal revenue laws can be offered as an
amendment to a tariff act has been decided
by the House of Representatives'by a full and
formal vote. Two years ago the Committee
of Ways and Means of the House proposed,
as an amendment to a taiiff bill, a bill making
great and radical changes in the internal reve-
nue laws. The point of order was raised
whether it was germane to the bill, and it was
decided that it was by the Speaker, and that
decision was sustained by a very large major-
ity of the House of Representatives. Surely,
if the House may amend its own bills in this
way the Senate can propose a similar amend-
ment, when its power to amend all bills is
expressly given by the Constitution.
The Senate did not exceed its powers in
amending a tariff bill by proposing a change
in the internal revenue laws. It may be a
question of expediency whether it was right
to do it under the circumstances. I did not
think it expedient, but the question of power
cannot be raised. There is no limit whatever
to the power of the Senate to amend any rev-
enue bill. It stands like any other bill. We
may reject it; we may decline to act upon it;
we may lay it on the table ; we may amend it
in any respect. There is no limit to our power
except the parliamentary law, and that is almost
indefinite. Who can doubt, from the daily
practice of each House, that any member of
either House may, without a question of order,
offer any amendment proposed by the Senate
to this bill? And if any member may do so
without infringing parliamentary law, how
much more may the Senate, who by express
constitutional authority may propose any
amendment to a revenue bill as to any other
bill?
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator say
that the objection is to our adding provisions
as to internal revenue to a bill with regard to
the tariff?
Mr. SHERMAN. They put it upon the
broad ground that we have changed the char-
acter ot the bill by making a general revision
of the tariff and internal revenue laws. I move
that the Committee on Finance be discharged
from the further consideration of the House
resolution, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection of
course to this reference, but I wish the Senate
to understand what it will imply. Some ques-
tion has already been made in the. Senate as
to what are the proper duties and functions
of this Committee on Privileges and Elections,
which is a new committee in the Senate. At
an early stage of the session I suggested, more
for the purpose of eliciting the opinions of
Senators, or rather of those who had consti-
tuted the committee than for the purpose of
expressing any decided opinion of my own,
that that committee was constituted simply
to take charge of the question of the election
of Senators in Congress, and that it had not
a general jurisdiction over all the questions of
elections everywhere in the country; nor in
regard to all the privileges of electors or of
the Senate of the United States ; that it was
a committee whose duties related to the elec-
tion of Senators, and to the privileges that
belonged to Seuators—not to the Senate as a
body, but to Senators. The chairman of the
committee, who, I am sorry to see, is not
present, dissented from that view, and insisted
that the jurisdiction of the committee was
intended by the Senate to be much larger, and
extended to all cases of election laws or prop-
ositions to amend elections laws; and I do
not know but if he were here now he would
insist that that committee is the proper one to
take charge of the question of the privileges
of the Senate, as well as of individual Sena-
tors.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my colleague will allow
me, I will state to him that the reason why the
Committee on Privileges and Elections was
designated by the Committee on Finance was
because the Senator Irom California [Mr. Cas-
sekly] named it as the proper committee, and
i at once conferred with the chn.iiman of the
Committee on Privileges and Elections, and
he said if it was referred to that committee
they would take the time to examine the whole
matter thoroughly, and report at an early
period. But for that I should have proposed
to refer it to the Judiciary Committee ; but 1
know the Judiciary Committee is very busy,
and probably would not be able to give it the
same attention as the Committee on Privileges
and Elections.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Ohio
I think must have misunderstood me. I said
that it should be referred either to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary or the other connnit-
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; the Senator
suggested both.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not objecting to
the committee at all; and what my colleague
says has force in it. There is very much
more business before the Judiciary Committee
than before the other committee, although the
other committee has some important matters
before it. I simply wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that if they refer this
question to that committee the implication is
that all questions of the privileges of the Sen-
ate as a constituent body in the Government,
and not simply the privileges of individual Sen-
ators, belong to that committee. I do not
know that there is any objection to that.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think it implies
that at all.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
that committee, as it is composed of six law-
yers, and the seventh member, who is not a
lawyer, is a most experienced Senator, and
no doubt a good constitutional lawyer, though
not a common-law lawyer.
Mr. CONKLIN G. If the Senator will allow
me, I submit to him that this reference does
not imply as much as he says. Ordinarily a
question of this sort arising upon a bill which
came from the Committee on Finance, that
committee would be the instrument of the
Senate to define the rights and duties of the
Senate in regard to it. The chairman of the
Committee on Finance says that the commit-
tee is unanimously committed to a certain
view of the subject. I should not feel con-
strained, I think, if I were in his place, as he
does apparently, upon a point of delicacy, to
forego the consideration of the question for
that reason ; but the Committee on Finance
choose to treat their own commitment upon
the question as a reason why it should not be
referred to that committee. Then it becomes
a question at large to which committee it shall
go. It must go to some committee, and a vote
of the Senate in this particular case, referring
it to the Committee on the Judiciary, the
Committee on Elections, or the Committee on
Rules—I suggest to the Senator, suppose the
motion were to refer it to the Committee on
Rules—would not imply at all that the judg-
ment of the Senate was, that the jurisdiction
of that committee extended over all like ques-
tions. It would simply mean that the argu-
ment of convenience leads the Senate in this
particular case to designate a particular com-
mittee for the purpose, and I submit to the
Senator that no implication such as he fears
would be involved in it.
Mr. THURMAN. I think it does go into
a precedent. I do not know that it is at all
to be regretted that it should be so. Of course
it is within the power of the Senate to refer a
bill or resolution to any committee, whether
it is a fit committee or not. It may send this
resolution to the Committee on Contingent
Expenses if it sees fit to do so; it may do
what it pleases with the resolution; but Still
we generally attempt to preserve some pro-
priety in making these references; and prima
facie, a question of constitutional law as to
what are the rights and privileges of the Sen-
ate as a body, not the privileges of individual
members, one would say should go to the
Committee on the Judiciary. However, I do
not object to its going to the other commit-
tee; but it will, as I think, carry that implica-
tion with it; and there is something in it, I
may say to the Senator from New York.
Here are bills now referred, on exactly the
same subject, some to the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections, and others to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and they are consid-
ering these questions. The Committee on the
Judiciary has reported a bill already, when
precisely the same measure is under consid-
eration m the Committee on Privileges and
Elections; and a report will be made from
that committee in a few days on exactly the
same subject.
Mr. CONKLING. That, the Senator will
see, bears me out in saying that the Senate
does not intend and does not imply by these
references to distinguish once for all between
the jurisdiction of the two committees. The
Senator proves that when he reminds us that
the same subjects and the same bills are indif-
ferently referred to the one or the other of the
two committees which he names.
Mr. THURMAN. But that was undoubt-
edly inadvertent, because the Senate ought
really to send the same subject to the same
committee. However, I have done all I de-
sired to do, called attention to this subject.
I think it will be considered hereafter that if
this is the true view of the functions of the
Committee on Privileges and Elections, all
questions touching elections, and bills touching
the privileges of the Senate, as distinguished
from the privileges of the individual members
of the Senate, belong to that committee.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Ohio seems
to be apprehensive that this may be drawn into
a precedent. Let me call his attention to the
fact tuat this is an anomalous case. The
proper and parliamentary mode of proceeding
where a controversy ofthis kind arises between
the two Hoiibes, is for the House which be-
lieves its prerogatives have been infringed
to ask for a committee of conference with
the other House ; but the House ot Represent-
atives, instead of pursuing that course in this
instance, has seen proper to lay our bill on
the table, and sent us back a resolution telling
us they have done so, and have not asked a
committee of conference. The Senate believ-
ing that it would be utterly useless again to
