3216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
of the committee to this fact, that ten years
ago in the State of Michigan there was 110 salt
produced. In 1860 there were four thousand
barrels only produced to supply the markets
of the West. In 1870 there were 732,437
barrels, or almost a million barrels of salt.
That production has increased from 1860 to
1870, until now, in the heart of the continent
almost, a million barrels of salt is produced
■where none was produced ten years ago, to
supply the whole West with the article of salt
cheaper than they ever had it before. And
•while this production has gone on increasing,
the price of salt has gone down, although dur-
ing the whole time it has been protected by this
duty. In 186G the price of salt in the western
markets around the lake ports was $2 11; in
1867, $2 15; in 18C8, $1 68; in 1869, SI 54;
until 1870 the price was reduced to $1 38 ; so
that 111 four years it was reduced from $2 11
all over the lake ports to $1 38, the duty stiil
remaining. That, I say, is proof that the
protection of that interest by the duty 011 salt
has had the tendency year by year, during
those four years, to reduce the price of salt to
all western consumers from $2 11 to only
$1 38. The price was still lower in 1871.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. POTTER obtained thfe floor.
Mr. CONGER. 1 hope the gentleman from
New York will let me do what I said I would
do, and that is to move to insert the word
" rock" before salt.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is the
rock where yon split.
Mr. CONGER. No; that is the rock of
ages where I stand. [Laughter.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, salt is an
article of prime necessity. Aa the gentleman
from Illinois said, it enters into every man's
bread and every man's lile. It exists in this
country and in every country. It requires to
iit it for consumption in this country and in
every country nothing but labor. It is pro-
tected not for the purpose of securing its
creation, but solely for the benefit of the labor
that enters into it and the companies that pre-
pare it for use.
Now, what is the proposition of my col-
leage, [Mr. Duki.i,?] It is that the duty upon
salt shall be increased from eight cents per
hundred pounds to twelve cents per hundred
pounds. But what is its iirst cost in other
countries? Why, sir, coarse salt can be pur-
chased in Liverpool at four cents a bushel,
and can be put on board ship thereat six cents
a bushel.
Mr. DITELL. The committee reduces the
duties from eighteen to eight cents.
Mr. POTTER. True, but I am not merely
advocating that, reduction. I am calling at-
tention to 1 ho fact that this article of prime
necessity, which exists in every country of
the world, and can be purchased in Liverpool
at four cents and put on board ship there at
six cents, will, even at the reduced rate of eight
cents per hundred pounds proposed by this bill,
be taxed about one hundred per cent., although
the duly should not be raised sixty per cent,
more as proposed by the amendment under
consideration. Surely, gentlemen should not
ask more in the way of protection than a duty
of one hundred per cent.
Jt is urged that salt producing is a great
industry in my State. I know that it is ; and
iu my desire to benefit my State I am uat
urally willing to support any duty to protect
the great salt interest in the State of New
York which can be justified with any fair re-
gard for the interest of the consumers. But
when wehave abill to protect salt to theextent
of one hundred per cent. I am compelled to say
that in my judgment that is atleast protection
enough to any industry of my State. Indeed,
whatever the duty may have been heretofore,
I am bound to say the duty proposed by this
bill seems to me a great deal too much. When
before the war we had no'substantial duty, or
a dnty of only some fifteen per cent. 011 salt,
we had salt cheap all over the country. When
a higher duty was put on salt, so far from dimin-
ishing the cost of the article, as according to
the argument of the protectionists it should
have done, the price increased correspond-
ingly.
This bill, I repeat, proposes to levy a duty
on this article of one hundred per cent., which
I think is more than sufficient protection; and
when it is proposed, as it is by the amendment
in question, upon the top of all that to put up
this duty some sixty per cent, more, I can only
say that I am utterly opposed to any such
proposition, even if for the benefit of New
York. And I will say further that I am not
only opposed to the amendment, but I am dis-
posed to vote to put salt on the free list. It
is one of those necessaries of life produced in
all countries, and natural to all, which should
be one of the first articles to go upon the free
list, where, as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] well says, it ought long since to
have gone.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted. The pending amendment
is that offered by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Duell,] to strike out " eighteen "
and insert " twelve."
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to amend
by striking out the last word.
I will not repeat the argument which has
been so often made in regard to the general
principle of the tax 011 salt. All that has been
so eloquently said 011 the subject of tea and
coffee by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kellky] and others will apply with equal
force, ay, with greater force, to salt; for while
a man may dispense with tea and cotfee he
cannot dispense with salt.
But I wanted to call attention to one of the
points which has been raised in the course of
this debate. The gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Dueia,] aii'l 1 think the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] told us that the
chief cost of producing salt was in the labor.
Now, I have here a statement by the president
and secretary of the Saginaw Salt Company,
showing that the cost of labor 111 making salt
is but twenty-four cents out of $1 38 per barrel,
or less than twenty per cent, of the total cost.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
state to the gentleman 
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The gentleman
from Michigan refused to be interrupted when
he spoke, and I decline to be interrupted. I
say the labor accounts proper of the salt man-
ufacturers who claim protection here includes
but twenty per cent, of the total cost. The
balance is represented by other items.
But gentlemen tell us that here is a salt
company in Goderich, Canada, which pro-
duces salt at a cost for labor much less than
in this country, and therefore the salt manu
facturers in this country must have this pro
tective duty of one hundred and fifty or two
hundred per cent. But I find from their own
statistics, which we have had presented to the
Committee of Ways and Means, that at Gode-
rich they pay the laborer $1 25 a day in gold,
and in this country the salt manufacturers pay
them $1 75 a day in currency. Now, any-
body can see that that difference is not very
great, and that when you take in connection
with that the fact that labor represents but
twenty per cent, of the total cost, there is no
occasion whatever for a tariff of anything like
that which is now upon this article. There is
a difference of about thirty-three per cent.,
according to my calculation, in the cost of
labor, while the whole cost of labor is, as I
have said, but twenty per cent, of the cost of
the article.
I desire next to advert to what has been
stated here that the duty on salt has not been
prohibitory ; that we have imported a consid-
erable quantity during the last fiscal year.
Wliyi Mr. Chairman, we cannot get along with-
out foreign salt. I hold in my hands a state- ;
ment made in answer to an inquiry, and :
directed to me, from a pork-packer in St.
Louis, who represents one of the largest pork- ;
packing establishments in the West. He states
that they prefer foreign salt for certain kinds ;;
of pork-packing, because it has more curing
qualities in it. Whether that is correct or not,
1 am 110 judge; but they who ought to be -
judges consider it so. They say they must "
import the Turk's Island salt for certain pork-
packing purposes, and they do import it.
Before this tax was put on they imported it,
and in St. Louis they paid about one dollar
per sack for it. Since the present tariff haa
been put on the price has been raised to over
two dollars per sack.
When gentlemen appeared before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and argued against
the report of the tariff on salt, I looked at the
St. Louis papers, and 1 found that domestic
salt was quoted at three dollars per barrel. I
know not what it is to-day, but it ranged from
$2 60 to $2 70 last year, 1 remember. Before
this tariff was put on, domestic salt sold at
about $1 70 per barrel. Therefore, so far as
the southwestern markets at* least are con-
cerned, this tariff has raised the price of salt.
Mr. CONGER. What tariff?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The tariff on salt.
Mr. CONGER. The tariff on salt has not
been less than three cents per bushel since
1842.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I say that before
the present high tariff on salt domestic salt
sold 111 St. Louis for $1 70 per barrel; while
this winter it sold for three dollars per barrel,
and last year it ranged from $2 60 to $2 70
per barrel. I have the figures here. The
tariff on salt has not been changed, I believe,
since 1862; but I am referring to the price of
salt in 1860.
Mr. CONGER. Salt has become cheaper
iu Michigan.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The gentleman saya
that salt has become cheaper in Michigan. I
have no doubt of that; it ought to be cheaper
right there in the locality where it is made.
Mr. CONGER. And it is cheaper in all
the lake ports.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Yes, because in
the first place foreign salt must be freighted
across the ocean and then carried by rail to
the point of destination—not so, near the
places where the salt is actually made; those
places, perhaps, do not have to bear the bur-
dens of this tariff. But because one district
inav not feel the weight of this tariff the gen-
tleman ought not to ask that the balance of
the country should be made to feel it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I have not felt
disposed, nor do I now feel disposed to take
much part in the discussion on this tariff bill,
because I am against the bill from the first
line of it to the last, and I shall demonstrate
that when we come to the final vote on the
bill. This interest of salt, which is now under
(Tiscussion, I suppose is to be treated like
other interests in this bill, though the question
in the first place is one of revenue. When
you seek to raise revenue, perhaps the first
consideration is as to what articles you can'
raise it on with the least inconvenience to the
people of the country who have it to pay.
And I submit that this article of salt is one
upon which theburdeii is as light, is as widely
distributed, and as little felt by those who pay
it as the burden upon any one article that can
be named.
I hear discussions going on constantly among
gentlemen as if the question of revenue was
not in the case at all, as if these duties were
levied not to put money in the Treasury but to
put money somewhere else. And I hear gen-
tlemen, some upon the other side of the House
and some upon this, say that it was all wrong
to take the duty from tea and coffee, because
the revenue derived from those articles went
