il\2
THE CONGKESSIOJSFAL GLOB®.
May 31,
indefensible in- character, derogatory to the
country and of evil influence, making personal
objects a primary pursuit, so that instead- of
a beneficent presence he is a bad example
through whom Republican- institutions suffer
and the people learn to do wrong.
Would that these things could be forgotten,
but since through officious friends the Pres-
ident insists upon a second term they must
be considered and publicly discussed. When
understood nobody will vindicate them, it is
easy to see that Csesarism even in Europe is at
a discount; that " personal government" has
been beaten on that ancient field, and that
" Cffisar with a senate at his heels" is not
the fit model for our Republic. King George
III of England, so peculiar for narrowness
and obstinacy, had retainers in Parliament
who went under the name of "The King's
Friends." Nothing can be allowed here to
justify the inquiry, " Have we a King George
among us?" or that other question, "Have
we a party in the .Senate of ' the King's
Friends?' "
PRRSOXAL GOVERNMENT UNItEPUBtlCAN.
Personal government is autocratic. It is
the One-Man Power elevated above all else,
and is, therefore, in direct conflict with re-
publican government, whose consummate form
is tripartite, Executive, Legislative, and Judi-
cial ; each independent and coequal. From
Mr. Madison, in the Federalist, we learn that
the accumulation of these powers "in the same
hands" may justly be pronounced " the very
definition of tyranny." And so any attempt
by either to exercise powers of another is a
tyrannical invasion always reprehensible in
proportion to its extent. John Adams tells
us in most instructive words that "it is by
balancing each of these powers against the
Other two that the efforts in human nature
toward tyranny can alone be cheeked and
restrained, and any degree of freedom pre-
served in the Constitution." (John Adams's
Works, Vol. IV, p. 180.)
Then, again, the same authority says that
the perfection of this great idea is " by giving
each division a power to defend itself by a
negative." (Ibid , page 290.) In other words,
each is armed against invasion by the others.
Accordingly, the constitution of Virginia, in
177t>, conspicuous as an historical precedent,
declared expressly :
11 The legislative, executive, and judiciary depiirt-
tuents shall be separate and distinct, so that neit hor
exercise the powersproperly belonging to the other;
*ioi shall any person execute the poweis of more
than one of them at the same time."
The constitution of Massachusetts, dating
from 1780, embodied the same principle in
memorable words:
" The legislative department shall neverexerciso
the executivo and judicial powers, or either of
them; the executive shall never exercise the legis-
lative and judicial powers, or either of tliem; the
judicial shall never exercise the legislative and
executive powers, or either of them, to the end that
it may be a government of laws and not of men."
A government of taws and not of men is the
object of republican government; nay more,
it is the distinctive essence without which it
becomes a tyranny. Therefore, personal gov-
ernment in all its forms, and especially when
it seeks to sway the action of any other branch
or overturn its constitutional negative, is hos-
tile to the Erst principles of republican insti-
tutions, and an unquestionable outrage. That
our President has offended in this way is
unhappily too apparent,
THE P11RSIOENT AS A CIVILIAN.
To comprehend the personal government
that has been installed over us we must, know
its author. His picture is the necessary
frontispiece; not as soldier, let it be borne in
mind, but as civilian. The Presidentis titular
head of the Army and Navy of the United
States; but his office is not military or naval.
As if to exclude all question, he is classed by
the Constitution among "civil Officers."
Therefore as civilian is he to be seert. Then,
perhaps, may we learn the secret of the poliey-
so adverse to republicanism- in which he
perseveres.
To appreciate his peculiar character as a
civilian it is important to know his triumphs
as a soldier, for the one is the natural com-
plement of the other. The successful soldier
is rarely changed to the successful civilian.
There seems an incompatibility between the
two, modified by the extent to which one has
been allowed to exclude the other. One
always a soldier cannot late in life become a
statesman ; one always a civilian cannot late
in life become a soldier. Education and expe-
rience are needed for each. Washington and
Jackson were civilians as well as soldiers.
In the large training and experience of
antiquity the soldier and civilian were often
united; but in modern times this has been
seldom. The camp is peculiar in the influence
it exercises; it is'in itself an education ; but it
is not the education of the statesman. To
suppose that we can change without prepara-
tion from the soldier to the statesman is to
assume that training and experience are of
less consequence for the one than the other—
that a man may be born a statesman but can
fit himself'as a soldier only by four years at
West Point, careful scientific study, the com-
mand of troops, and experience in the tented
field. And is nothing required for the states-
man? Is his duty so slight? His study is the
nation and its welfare, turning always to his-
tory for example, to law for authority, and to
the loftiest truth for rules of conduct. No
knowledge, care, or virtue, disciplined by
habit, can be too great. The pilot is not
accepted in his trust until he knows the signs
of the storm, the secrets of navigation, the
roeks of the coast, all of which are learned
only by careful study with charts and sound-
ings, by coasting the land and watching the
crested wave. But can less be expected of
that other pilot who is to steer the ship which
contains us all?
The failure of the modern soldier as states-
man is exhibited by Mr. Buckle in his remark-
able work on the "History of Civilization."
Writing as a philosopher devoted to liberal
ideas, he does not disguise that in antiquity
"the most eminent soldiers were likewise the
most eminent politicians;" but he plainly
shows the reason when life adds that "in the
midst of the hurry and turmoil of camps these
eminent men cultivated their minds to the
highest point that the knowledge of that age
would allow." (Vol. I, chap. 4.) The secret
was culture not confined to war. In modern
Europe few soldiers have been more con-
spicuous than Gustavus Adolphus and Fred-
erick sometimes called the Great; but we
learn from our author that both "failed igno-
miniously in their domestic policy and showed
themselves as short-sighted in the arts of
peace as they Were sagacious in the arts of
war." (Ibid.) The judgment of Marlborough
is more pointed. While portraying him as
"the greatest conqueror of the age, the hero
of a hundred fights, the victor of Blenheim
and Runiillies," the same philosophical writer
describes him as " a man not only of the most
idle and frivolous pursuits, but so miserably
ignorant that his deficiencies made him the
ridicule of his contemporaries," while his
politics were compounded of selfishness and
treachery. Nor was Wellington an exception.
Though shining in the field without a rival,
and remarkable for integrity of purpose, an
unflinching honesty and high moral feeling, the
conqueror of Waterloo is describedas " never-
theless utterly unequal to the complicated
exigencies of political life." (Ibid.) Such
are the examples of history, each with its
warning.
It would be hard to find anything in the
native endowments or in the training of our
chieftain to make him an illustrious exception ;
at least nothing of this kind is recorded. Was
nature more generous with him than with
Marlborough or Wellington; Gustavus Adol-
phus or Frederick called the Great? _ Or was
his experience of life a better preparation than
theirs? And yet they failed except in war. It
is not known that our chieftain had any expe-
rience as a civilian until he became President,
nor does any partisan attribute to him that
double culture which in antiquity made the
same man soldier and statesman. It has been
often said that he took no note of public affairs
never voting but once in his life, and then for
James Buchanan. After leaving West Point he
became a captain in the Army, but soon aban-
doned the service to reappear at a later day as a
successful general. There is no reason to believe
that he employed this intermediate period in any
way calculated to improve him as a statesman.
One of his unhesitating supporters, my col-
league, [Mr. Wilson,] in a speech intended
to commend him for reelection says:
" Before the war we knew nothing of Grant. Ho
was earning a few hundred dollars ayear in tanning
hides in Galena."
By the war he passed to be President; and
such was his preparation to govern the great
Republic, making it an example to mankind.
Thus he learned to deal with all questions
domestic and foreign, whether of peace or war,
to declare constitutional law and international
law and to administer the vast appointing
power, creating Cabinet officers, judges, for-
eign ministers, and an. uncounted army of
officeholders.
To these things must be added that when
this soldier first began as civilian he was
already forty-six years old. At this mature
age, close upon half a century, when habits
are irrevocably fixed, when the mind has hard-
ened against what is new, when the character
has taken its permanent form, and the whole
man is rooted in his own unchangeable indi-
viduality, our soldier entered abruptly upon the
untried life of a civilian in its most exalted
sphere. Do not be surprised, that, like other
soldiers, he failed ; the wonder would be had
he succeeded. Harvey was accustomed to say
that nobody over forty ever accepted his dis-
covery of the circulation of the blood ; but he
is not the only person who has recognized this
period of life as the dividing point after which
it is difficult to learn new things. Something
like this is embodied in the French saying,
that at forty a man has given his measure. At
least his vocation is settled—how completely
is seen if we suppose the statesman after trav-
ersing the dividing point abruptly changed to
the soldier. And yet at an age nearly seven
years later our soldier precipitately changed
to the statesman.
Thisvsudden metamorphosis cannot be forgot-
ten when we seek to comprehend the strange
pretensions which ensued. It is easy to see
how some very moderate experience in civil
life, involving of course the lesson of subor-
dination to republican principles, would have
prevented indefeusible acts.
TESTIMONY OF THE LATE EDWIN M. STANTON.
Something also must be attributed to indi-
vidual character ; and here I express no opin
ion of my own; I shall allow another to speak
in solemn words echoed from the tomb.
On reaching Washington at the opening of
Congress in December, 1809, I was pained to
hear that Mr. Stanton, lately Secretary of
War,.was in failing health. Full of gratitude
for his unsurpassed services, and with a senti-
ment of friendship quickened by common
political sympathies, I lost no time in seeing
him, and repeated my visits until, his death,
toward the close of the same month. My last
visit was marked by a communication never
to be forgotten. As I entered his bedroom,
where I found him reclining on a sofa, propped
by pillows, he reached out his hand, already
clammy cold, and in reply to my inquiry,
"How are you?" answered, "Waiting for
my furlough." Then at once with singular
solemnity he said, "I havesomething to say
to you." When I was seated lie proceeded
without one word of'introduction? "I Enow
