1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Mr. EDMUNDS. That ia an increase of
salary.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think it is. I
think it is merely giving these officers what
they are entitled to under the law. The law
passed four or five years ago Jmt an increase
of twenty per ceftt. upon the pay of all the
officers of the Senate. At that time there was
no Congressional Printer; there was a Super-
intendent of Public Printing, who was nomin-
ated by the President to the Senate and con-
firmed by the Senate, aud who w<is the printer
of all the printing of the Government, as in-
deed the Congressional Printer is now in fact.
But now the Congressional Printer holds an
office that was created since the passage of
that law. He is elected by the Senate. His
title is " Congressional Printer." Heisliable
to be removed by the Senate atany time. He
has admission to the floor of the Senate. He
is an officer of the Senate in all respects, and
I think he is entitled to that compensation,
and the clerks under him in the same way.
As to the merits of the case, there are two
men there, the foreman of the bindery and the
foreman of the Printing Office, who are paid
$1,700 a year. The journeymen under them
receive $1,248, and many of them make $1,400
a year. The foreman of the bindery has more
than one hundred and fifty journeymen under
him. The foreman of the Printing Office, I
think, must have more, although I do not
recollect the number at present. Their com-
pensation is but very little moie than that of
the journeymen of whom they have charge.
They cannot limit their services to eight hours
a day. They must attend to their duties all
the time whenever it is necessary. They can-
not be furloughed as the journeymen are; they
are obliged to be at the office all the time.
On the merits of the case, I have no doubt
whatever that they ought to have a much
larger compensation than this amendment
will give them. But I know it ia not the in-
tention ot' the Committee on Appropriations
to raise any salaries upon an appropriation
bill, and I quite agree with them in that. I
merely ask that the law of 1808 may be fairly
applied to these officers, that they may receive
the additional compensation which tlie other
officers of the Senate receive.
Mr. COLE. 1 believe the Senator has not
given notice of this amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have. It has been
printed.
Mr. COLE. Perhaps it has been.
Mr. EDMONDS. It has not been sent to
the coinmiitee.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is not my fault.
Mr. COLE. It may have been printed, but
I do not tind it on the tile ( have Lore.
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot undertake to
keep the Committee on Appropriations attend-
ing to their business.
Mr. COLE. I suppose my friend from Rhode
Island could not resist the importunity of the
gentlemen at the Printing Office to make this
motion for them; but of course they must
have known, as well as the Senator, that the
Senate would not adopt it or acquiesce in it.
It is a proposition to raise the salaries of those
gentlemen very much; to raise the salary of
the Congressional Printer, who now receives
$4,000, by $800, and that of the clerks there
in the same proportion. To be sure, a long
time ago, during the war, we did add twenty
per cent, to the compensation of the officers
of the Senate; but it was held by the B'irst
Comptroller that these persons were not offi-
cers of the Senate, and did not come in under
that rule, and it is too late now, when we are
approaching specie payments, for them to ask
for the adoption of a new interpretation of this
rule because it was adopted years ago, when
the public credit was very low, when the com-
pensation of officers was very small and their
expenses very high. I presume my friend from
Rhode Island has performed his duty fully in
bringing this matter to the attention of the
Senate, and I snppose that is all he expects
to do.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now, Mr. President, I
will do justice to these gentlemen. The Con-
gressional Printer has said nothing to me about
it. I do not know that I have seen the fore-
man of the Printing Office this session. The
foreman of the bindery said something to me,
but I introduced the subject. There has been
no importunity at all upon me. I have done
what I believe to be an act of justice and law.
I believe these men are entitled to that twenty
per cent., and I do not see how the Comp-
troller can refuse to give it to them.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Rhode Island
is much more magnanimous than I supposed
he was.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, I am not magnani-
mous; lam merely just. These men are all
entitled to that. They are entitled to it under
our law, 1 think. I do not know that the sub-
ject has been passed upon by the Comptroller
since the office of Superintendent of Public
Printing was abolished and the office of Con-
gressional Printer was created. Certainly, if
the Congressional Printer is not an officer of
the Senate, I do not see how the clerks are.
He is elected by us ; he is removed by us at
pleasure ; he has admission to the floor of the
Senate ; and it seems to me we only carry out
the law when we give him this extra compens-
ation. Suppose we should find that by some
misinterpretation of the law or by some acci-
dent some one of our clerks did not receive
this twenty per cent., would we give it to
him? It is the same with this officer.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to inquire of my friend
from Rhode Island if he is just? I know he
means to be so on all occasions. These per-
sons are officers of the Senate or they are not.
If they are, and we are to give them this
additional per cent, upon that hypothesis, I
inquire of my friend from Rhode lslaud by
what rule of equity and right and justice does
he draw a line that gives just these three offi-
cers the twenty per cent, and nobody else in
the Printing Office? Why make fish of one
and flesh of another?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not. Icoverallthe
officers. There are the Congressional Printer,
the foreman of the bindery, the foreman of the
Printing Office, and the clerks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Wedo not elect the fore-
men.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the Congressional
Printer appoints them.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, and so he appoints
all the other employes there, every one of
them. If the Senator's rule is right and just,
it applies to the whole of them, and the equity
of the thing increases as the scale goes down,
because the sum paid to those men is much
lower and they need it much more. Now, I
any, let us have equity. I join with the Sen-
ator. Let him make his amendment so that
it shall apply to all, and then we will talk
about it.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the law said that
twenty per cent, should be added to the sala-
ries of all the employes of the Senate, then
the objection which my friend from Maine
makes would be well taken; but it applies to
officers.
Mr. HAMLIN. No; I understand when
the twenty per cent, was voted it was paid to
all the employes of the Senate. If I am wrong,
let me be corrected. That is my recollection
that every employ^ around the Senate received
that twenty per cent., and he who got the
smallest salary was surely the most entitled
to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the law applies to all
the emplojes of the Senate, then it applies to
every man in the Government Printing Office.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is what I say.
Mr. SHERMAN. When didthatlaw pass?
Mr. ANTHONY. It was when the com-
pensation of members of Congress was raised
from $3,000 to $5,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was during the war.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the compensation
of the Superintendent of Public Printing was
fixed in 1867 at a higher rate than that of the
Second Comptroller of the. Treasury and many
other officers of the Treasury Department.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Superintendent of
Public Printing undoubtedly was not entitled
to the twenty per cent.; but that office has
been abolished, and now we have a Congres-
sional Printer, who is elected by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. But since that time, in
1867, the salary of the Congressional Printer
has been fixed by law. The Senate can hardly
make a law passed in 1863 apply to an office
which did not exist in 1803 and the office was
made and the salary was fixed in 1867.
Mr. RAMSEY. The question of this twenty
per cent.., as applied to the officers of the
Public Printing Office, has been tried recently
by the Court of Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And decided adversely.
Mr. COLE. What waa the verdict?
Mr. RAMSEY. My impression is that it
was adverse.
Mr. ANTHONY. The intention of the
law was to give this additional twenty per
cent, to all the officers of the Senate. If that
was the intention of the law we ought to carry
it out fairly, and if by any technical phrase-
ology it does not effect that object, we ought
to be liberal in the matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. Was it the intention of
the law to give twenty per cent, to all the offi-
cers who might be created after the passage of
the act, and whose salaries were fixed after
the passage of the act?
Mr. ANTHONY. We abolished the office
of Superintendent of Public Printing, and we
created the office of Congressional Printer,
which was one of those things which were done
during the administration of Mr. Johnson that
did not meet my approbation, the abolition of
an office to get rid of an officer, and then we
merely transferred to him all the duties and
the salary. If the Superintendent of Public
Printing had been a Congressional Printer when
that twenty per cent, law was passed there
would have been no doubt that he would be
entitled to the additional compensation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to take up
the time of the Senate; but the whole fact is
this: this argument that somebody else has
got a little more than another, is always used
as a fulcrum to put a lever on to pry up every-
body else who has friends, and everybody ought
to have them. Now, here are the chief officers
of the Treasury Department, the Auditors, and
a variety of officers, performing most import-
and laborious functions, whose salaries are
lower now than that of the Superintendent of
Public Printing, or Congressional Printer, as
my friend calls him. The principle we have
gone upon so far is to leave the salary question
out of the appropriation bills, as it ought to be
left out, and if anybody wishes to increase the
salary of a particular office or class of offices,
let him introduce a bill for that purpose and
have it considered on its merits, and not pry
up in an appropriation bill payments which
the law has not provided for. If the Senate
will stand by that, we shall all be, as one of
the Weller family said, "glad of it arter-
wards." [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLE. I offer an amendment which
has been adopted by the Committee on Appro-
priations in substance, to insert on page 62,
after line fifteen hundred and twenty-one, the
following:
To enable the President of the United States to
perfect and put in force sueh rules regulating the
civil service as may from time to time be adopted by
him, $50,000.
This is an amendment proposed by the Sen-
