1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1425
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] in the form
of another section, but I have modified it a
little so as to bring it in at this point of the
bill as a new paragraph. I suppose this amend-
ment will be adopted by unanimous consent,
as everybody is in favor of civil service reform
at this time ; at all events, all the members of
the Senate who are present. I do not see my
friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] here.
Perhaps if he were here he might make some
objection to it. The appropriation is left to the
discretion of the President to use it in such
manner as he may see fit for carrying out civil
service reform.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The law already pro-
vides for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Appropriations,
to come in on page 88, after line nine hundred
and nine:
Eor contingent Expenses of tUfe seoretairy's office,
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1873, $2,000.
The explanation of the amendment is this:
the appropriation for the legislative expenses
of the Territory of Montana is made biennially,
as the Legislature sits biennially, and it has
been customary to take the expenses of the
secretary's office out of the legislative appro-
priation. Next year, the year for which this
bill provides, there will be no session of the
Legislature, and there has been no estimate
for legislative expenses. There is an estimate,
however, for the expenses of the secretary's
office to the amount of $4,086, I think, but
upon conference with the Delegate from the
Territory he thinks that if they do not move
the capital, as they propose, this year, $2,000
will pay all these expenses. It is with that
view that this amendment is offered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. Since that amendment was
presented the committee have been informed
that the same state of things exists in Colo-
rado Territory, for the same reasons precisely,
that there will be no session of the Legislature
next year, and they are without an appropria-
tion for this purpose. I therefore offer another
amendment to come in on page 37, after line
eight hundred and eighty-six:
For contineent expenses of the secretary's office
in Colorado Territory for the fiscal year ending June
SO, 1873, #2.000.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to have
some explanation from the Senator from South
Carolina. I do not think Colorado stands on
the some footing with Montana in this respect.
Mr. SAWYER. I am informed by the Del-
egate from the Territory that she stands in
precisely the same position.
Mr. STEVENSON. Here is the best evi-
dence. The bill already appropriates $13,300
for Colorado.
Mr. SAWYER. That is not for anything
except salaries. This appropriation is for the
expenses of the Secretary's office, which are
usually paid out of the appropriation for legis-
lative purposes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WEST. I desire to move a reconsider-
ation of the action of the committee as reported
to the Senate on page 40, lines ninehundred and
seventy-three, nine hundred and seventy-four,
and nine hundred and seventy-five, reducing
the amount appropriated to the Interior De-
partment for packing and distributing official
documents. The committee, without much
examination, reduced the appropriation from
$7,000 to $3,500. The subsequent investiga-
tion of that subject is best demonstrated by a
letter which I hold in my hand from the Secre-
tary of the Interior in which he states:
" It is almost impossible to form any correct idea
of the labor and expense, &c. This Department
receives four hundred and seventy sets of all docu-
ments printed by order of Congress during the exist-
ence of each Congress, for distribution to colleges,
public libraries, and other literary and scientific
institutions in every congressional district; also,
these documents are received from the Congressional
Printer and must be assorted and arranged. In
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 90.
addition to this, an accurate record of distribution
must be kept. Afc the close of every Congress two
thousand copies of the Statutes-at-Large are received
for distribution to judges, United States marshals,
and other officers, &c. After every session of Con-
gress eleven thousand copies of the pamphlet laws
are distributed to judges, marshals, district attor-
neys," &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. TRUMBULL.
That is enough.
Mr. WEST. He goes on to say:
k® impossible to eonduct this branch
of the Department without the appropriation of
$7,000."
That is the sum they had last year. The
Committee on Appropriations reduced it to
$3,500 for the purpose of eliciting this very
information. I move to reconsider the amend-
ment as reported by the committee.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the adoption of the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. COLE. By resolution or act of Con-
gress passed a year or two ago a great many
of the surplus accumulated documents in the
Interior Department were ordered to be dis-
tributed by that Department, and I believe
the provision we have been accustomed to
make was to coyer that expense, and that
$7,000 was Sufficient for the distribution of
the documents which are ordinarily distrib-
uted, as well as the large amount that was put
upon the Secretary of the Interior to distribute
under that law. So I think the appropriation
would be sufficient if increased to $5,000. I
move to amend the amendment so as to make
it $5,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question will be on the amendment to the
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to move an amend-
ment to this bill, supposing that the Committee
on Appropriations have got through with their
amendments.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is an
amendment which that committee have agreed
to which I should like to submit.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is on page
48, liue eleven hundred and eighty, in the
clause:
For purchase and distribution of new and valu-
able seeds and plants, $10,000.
The Committee on Agriculture recommend
that that be changed to #50,000, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations consent to it, and it
meets their approbation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It meets our acquies-
cence, you mean to say.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I propose to amend
this bill on page 17, line three hundred and
ninety-nine. The clause now reads :
Supervising architect:
In the construction branch of the Treasury: For
supervising architect, $3,000.
I propose to increase the compensation of
that officer to $5,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that ought to
be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope it will not be
done.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope it will be done. I
think it is the unanimous feeling of the Senate
that it should be done, and I hope the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will not throw the
weight of their influence against a thing so
reasonable, and which appears by common
consent to have been agreed upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no ; do not attempt
to raise salaries on this bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not see why we
should be governed entirely by the Committee
on Appropriations in relation to these matters.
They assume, because they have made up this
bill and fixed a certain amount for a certain
officer, that nobody ought to cross a t Or dot
an i in it. When the general judgment of the
Senate is in favor of a proposition, as far as
I can judge, I think we ought not to listen
to this opposition by that committee. Their
business is subject to our revision, as is the
business of every other committee, and I hope
the Senator from Vermont will not rise to
oppose this amendment. I move to strike out
"$3,000" ahd insert " $5,000," of which
amendment I have given due notice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
done entirely irrespective of the propriety of
increasing this gentleman's salary. As I have
said, the Committee on Appropriation.^ have
reported against every increase of salaries at
this time that has been proposed to us. A bill
providing for six or eight or ten gentlemen
was introduced and referred to the committee,
and we reported against it upon the ground that
it would be invidious to undertake to increase
the pay of any half dozen or so without going
over the whole field and doing justice to all
alike at the same time. The Senate has so
far on this bill acted upon die same principle,
and has increased no salaries at all. While I
like Mr. Mullett, and think he is a very ener-
getic and meritorious officer, I do not think he
or his friends ought to ask us in an appropria-
tion bill to increase his salary when we have
refused to increase the salaries of others
equally meritorious in their way, on the ground
that we would try to make an appropriation
bill for once what it ought to be, a bill to
appropriate money for salaries "fixed by law
and nothing in excess.
Mr. RAMSEY. We have not refused here-
tofore to increase salaries. The Committee on
Appropriations may have done so for all I
know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senate has.
Mr. RAMSEY. But it is notorious that
this gentleman does not receive sufficient com-
pensation for the work he does. He can get
three times this in a private position now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Socan 1, and so can you.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know about that;
but I presume it is so. [Laughter.] It is un-
doubtedly true, however, that this officer does
not receive sufficient compensation, and from
year to year it is put off in this "Way. We are
told that some time or other there will be a
general regulation of salaries, the reduction of
some and the raising of others, and from year
to year these men are put off, doing hard work
ana receiving miserable compensation, barely
sufficient to pay the rent of the houses they
occupy. I think it is unfair, it is mean, really
on the part of the Senate to proceed in this
way forever and ever. I hope they will con-
sent to adopt this amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Committee on
Appropriations are not the committee to take
into consideration the regulation of salaries.
Their province is a very different one. A com-
mittee to increase salaries would have enough
to do to inquire into the labors of the several
officers and to graduate the salaries according
to the responsibilities and labor of those gen-
tlemen. The Committee on Appropriations
have not got time to do this and to discbarge
their other duties. If the motion of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota prevails, there are a dozen
other officers, no doubt as meritorious as this
gentleman, who will present their applications
for increase of salary. 1 do not pretend to
say whether this application is just or unjust,
but I do say that it is bad legislation to increase
salaries upon an appropriation Ml when the
committee who framed and considered the bill
have not had the opportunity to know what
the labors and duties of the officers were.
The Committee on Appropriations thought
that they ought not to consider the subject of
an increase of salaries. They refused every
application for an increase of salary. They
are not opposed to an increase of salaries, but
they are opposed to unde? taking in a bill of
