1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42d Cong....2d SessI
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. (Joburn,
Ho. of Reps.
various grades since November 1,1870, up to
July 26,1871, at between three and four hun-
dred. I quote from his testimony :
" In what follows I have distinguished the outrages
into three classes:
Those in which such large numbers of
persons were engaged that they assumed the pro-
portions of inobs of considerable size, and in which,
in addition, the objects sought by these peisons ap-.
peared of more serious import than in most of the
other oases.
"Second. Those cases of outrages which, occurring
subsequent to the passage of what is called the Ku
Ivlux bill, I found on the first investigation of them
reason to believe that sufficient trustworthy evi-
dence of identification could bo found to bring tho
perpetrators to justice. This class of cases, in tho
absence of any United States civil official, I invest-
igated with care, in order that they might be, if pos-
sible, brought to trial.
"Third. Those cases in which, upon their being
reported to me, I found that, for various reasons,
no good would come of going beyond sufficient in-
vestigation to satisfy myself that the outrages .had
been committed. These reasons were in the main
such as the inability of the witness to identify the
parties who committed tho acts, or the absence of
confirmatory circumstantial evidence, when the par-
ties were identified; or, in numerous cases, the un-
willingness, through fear of its consequences, to tes-
tily to the facts in the case; and in numerous other
cases, the fact that the acts occurred before the
passage of the Ku Klux bill, and would come for
trial before the State courts, where I believe it im-
possible to convict a member of the Ku Klux order
for acts done as such. Tho following list comprises
only a small number as compared with the whole
of the acts of violence which have been committed
in this county. By far the greatest number of cases,
even of those which occurred after I reached here,
were never renorted to me at all:
"Question. Will you now proceed with your state-
ment?
"Answer. Many were reported to me at times
when so many reports of the kind were made to me
that I had no time to note them, and some of tho
notes taken are lost or mislaid, Of those! have
taken no notice in the following list. From tho
best information I can get I estimate the number
of cases of whipping, beating, and personal violence
of various grades, in this county, since the 1st of
last November, at between three and four hundred,
excluding numerous minor cases of threats, intim-
idation, abuse, and small personal violence, as
knocking down with a pistol or gun," &c.
The county treasurer was run off at this
place, and a part of the money taken. The
office of the county probate judge was broken
open, and the muskets and ammunition he-
longing to the State taken by the Ku Klux.
He says further:
"There have been burned and torn down some
three houses or cabins, and several negro school-
houses and churches—about four or five—which was
the work of the Ku Klux. 1 know of no instance
of punishment, and only one instance of arrest of
the parties concerned m any ot these fires. One,
which occurred within ten or twelve days, resulted
in the arrest of a. negro supposed to have been the
author. Since about the 1st of last December there
have been six murders by the Ku Klux. I have
examined tho official records relating to these eases
with considerable care, and find that they show as
follow*: , Tr
"1. Tom Houndtree, a negro, murdered by a Ku
Klux mob of some fifty or sixfv persons, who came
to his house at night on the 3d of December last,
took him out, shot him, and cut his throat. Three
persons were tried and acquitted.
"2. Anderson Brown, a negro, shot and killed
February 25, by a party of Ku Klux numbering six
or seven ; being called from his house at night and
killed. Coroner's inquest held; no clue to the mur-
der appeared in the evidence before the coroner's
. jury, and no arrest or. so far as I can learn, no
subsequent efforts to discover the murderers have
been made.
" 3. James Williams, (I would here remark, paren-
thetically, that he is the man sometimes referred to
here as James Rainey,) a negro ; captain of one of
the negro militia companies disbanded in this
county; taken from his home at night and hung, by
KuKlux numbering about forty or fifty; occurred
about March 6. 1 think that is the exact date.
Coroner's inquest developed nothing, except the fact
of death as stated. No clue to the murderers found.
"4. Alexander Leech, a negro; member of the
militia company disbanded; taken from his house
at night about Maich 7, by a party ot Ku Kiux,
about twenty or thirty in number; shot., and his
body thrown irito Bullock's creek, where it was
found some two weeks afterward, liecord of coron-
er's inquest shows that no evidence was produced
leading to detection ot the murderers. .
"o. Matthew Boyce, a negro; taken out at night
from the house where he was living and shot through
the head and elsewhere, by about ten or twelve of
the Ku Kiux; occurred March 1; shat on the door-
"Question. Do.you know the alias of Boyce?
"Answer. 1 did not observe that any alias was re-
ferred to in the papers. I have always heard him
mentioned as Matthew Boycc. Houndtree has an
alias—Black. The inquest developed nothing fur-
ther than the fact of death as related. I know of
no subsequent action or attempt at investigation.
l,G. Lot Campbell—he is also called Lot Miller—a
negro, shot in daylight while at work on the plant-
ation of Hon. B. F. Briggs, member of the State
Legislature. This man died of his wounds after
lingering some eight weeks. In this case no inquest
has been held."
I quote these statements to show the nature
of these crimes. The witness himself, but a
few months previously, went to South Carolina
a disbeliever in the existence of the Ku Klux.
"Question. I desire to ask with what impressions
you came here in regard to this organization gen-
erally ?
"Answer. Ieamo hero from Kansas, where I had
no knowledge at all of anything connected with
these matters except such as one gets in an ordinary
reading of the newspapers, and up to the time when
I reached Louisville, the headquarters of this de-
partment, I fully believed that tho stories in circu-
lation were enormous exaggerations and that the
newspaper stories were incredible, I came here with
the idea that they were sporadic instances of mob
violence, fully impressed with the notion that they
were a few occasional eases that might be regarded
rather as vigilance committeematters than anything
else. But very soon from the facts brought to my
notice I had occasion fro change my mind, and I be-
came convinced that tho Ku Klux organization was
not only a very largo one and exceedingly well or-
ganized, but a very dangerous one, and that their
purpose was to persist in this whenever opportunity
favored them. I am now of opinion that I nover
oonceived of such a stato of social disorganization
being possible in any civilized community as exists
in this county now. Although quiet, it is now very
little better than it has been previously. There ap-
pears to me to be a diseased state ot public sentiment
m regard to tho administration of justice. Tho out-
rages which have occurred in the Clay Hill region, X
feel confident, could be controlled by the white peo-
ple there very readily if they chose to bring the force
of public opinion against, them. But until I endeav-
ored to stimulate that opinion myself against acts
of this kind there appeared to be no effort of the
kind made by the people; and certainly it was tho
fact that public sentiment was silent, if not sustain-
ing these acts it wassilent iu regard to them. In all
my conversations with people I have been met con-
stantly with the palliative remark in regard to these
outrages—conceding that they arc wrong and all
that—almost always tho conversation has contained
the substance of this remark, 'But you cannot but
acknowledge that they have done some good,' as if
lawless violence could ever do anything but harm.
It is that point in tho convocation of the best men
of tho community hero which has so startled mo as
to the demoralization ot public opinion.
"Question. If L understand yon, then, you came
here predisposed to doubt the extent and serious
charnctcr of this Klu Klux organization audits pro-
ceedings?
"Answer. Let me put it stronger cven% than that.
I was absolutely incredulous, not only of its extent,
but of the possibility ot such a state of facts as exists
here."
This county is a sample of many others,
some with a greater, some with a less number
of outrages. ' The demoralized condition of
public opinion is the worst feature of the
whole affair. As an illustration in another
county, in the town of Unionville there were
imprisoned seven negro men charged with
some offense. They were taken out by dis-
guised men and hung till they were dead. Tho
witness, formerly a member of Congress, tes-
tifies as follows:
" Quvtiton. Did you see the bodios of tho men who
were hanged?
"Answer. No, sir.
" Question. Where were the bodies, as you heard?
" AriHwer. They were leit upon the field, you
know.
"Question. How many were there?
" A axwc). I think seven or eight.
" Question. How far was that from where you
live?
" Amwer. About a mile.
" Question. What was dono with thoir bodies?
"Answer. I think they were buried.
" Question. What was the color ot those men who
were killed ?
"Answer. Brown and black.
" Question. Did anybody inquire into the cause of
that murder? Was there any judicial investigation?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I think there was.
"Question. You took no part in making the
inquiries?
" Amwer. I could not. you know.
" Quetlioji. Was that on account of fear or terror?
" Answer. I do not think I am afraid of anybody,
of any one man;I do not think I am.
'' Question. Can you givea reason why you took no
interest in the murder of seven men?
" Anmtr, I could not and live.
"Question, Why? Would you not dare to ask a
question about them?
" Awnoer. If I had been prominent at ttlLnUtde
myself conspicuous at all, I would have been Rilled.
"Question. Upon what do you base that state-
ment?
"Answer. I think I know myself; I think I know
I am a man; I know that; I think I know as much
about how I am situated as any man.
" Question. We want to know the condition of
things. If it is possible that there is such a condi-
tion of things in this country that when seven
persons are murdered a man dare not make an
inquiry about it, we want to know it.
,/liwuw. That is the case. lam a good B-epub-
lican, and a white man ; but I am situated so that I
dare not say what I think.
" Question. What was done with the bodies of
thesomen? Did you know?
" Anwer, They were buried out there."
On the one hand a reign of terror prevails,,
and on tho other more terrible sentiment that
it is for the public good and the general wel^
fare.
The operations of this organization in
South Carolina extend over about ten coun-
ties lying north and west of Columbia. Mr.
Chamberlain, the attorney general of the
State, testifies from his observation of a large
number of facts coming to his knowledge
officially as follows:
" Those operations seem to be carried on by means
of an organization; whether it is a general organ-
ization, one that embraces all those counties, or
whether it is a special organization for each occa-
sion, I am not able to say. My impression is that its
movements are general—that they are directed Iroin
some central source of authority. The mode in
which their operations are conducted, and the
results which are accomplished by them, indicate
that to mo. As I have said, there have been com-
mitted a great many homicides, authentically so re-
ported to tho State authorities. I believe no inform-
ation has yet been obtained as to any of the indi-
viduals who are engaged in these violations of law,
except in one instance."
To show still further the nature of this
organization, I quote from the testimony of
Robert W. Shand, given on the 17th of July,
1871. He says on page 1001:
"Question, Do you mean that it was only a tem-
porary organization or a continuous organization
which can be called into operation at any time?
u Answer. It is a continuous organization, I think,
not for the purpose of punishing those particular
negroes, but those deserving punishment. ^
"Question. It is a permanent organization which
can be callod into exercise whenever it is deemed
that there is an occasion which calls for the exercise
of their punitivo power?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" By Mr. Van Trump:
"Question. Might it not have been called into ex-
ercise for a particular purpose at that time, and tor
that particular purpose only, while there may have
been other organizations existing in that country?
"Answer; Yes, sir; it might.
"By the Chairman:
"Question. But you have already given your opin-
ion that such an organization as manifested itself
that night could not be called into existence on that
night or at that time.
"Answer. It could not.
"By Mr. Van Trump:
"Question. Have you not heard of the lynching
operations done by several hundred menu less time
than this occupied?
"An*wcr. Yes, sir; but this was not a mob; it was
organized.
" By the Chairman:
"Question. Was not this band of men under per-
fect military control and discipline, with absolute
command and obedience?
"Answer. That was the information I received
from those who saw it.
"Question. How many were rn Mullin's band?
"Answer. I do not now remember; there were five
or six. It was a small band.
"Question. White men and Democrats?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Who had organized for the purpose ot
whipping persons for personal private reasons* out-
side of this Ku Klux, have they not?
"Answer. For personal private reasons, out. ot
spite or malice against particular negroes who had
ret used to work with them and gone to work with
other people. ^ „ Tri , A .
"Question. And the genuine Ku Klux undertook
to punish them for a&suming their guise and going
on in that way? _ * '
"Answer, Y<js, sir. ,
"Question. jFrom a number of sentences that nave
occurred in your statements here, and their simi-
larity tosomeexpressionsin a communication which
I nod in the Charleston News, dated February
"Answer. From this place ?
