1872.
THE C-0NGKESS10NAL GLOBE.
41T3
General Grant better than any other person
in the country can know him. It was my duty
to study him, and I did ao night and day, when
I saw him and when [ did not see him, and
now T tell yon what I know, he cannot govern
this countryTbe intensity of his manner and
the positiveness of his judgment surprised me,
for though I was aware that the late Secretary
of War did not place the President very high
in general capacity, I was not prepared for
a judgment so strongly couched. At last,
after some delay, occupied in meditating his
remarkable words, I observed, " What you
say is very broad." "It is as true as it is
broad," he replied promptly. I added, "You
are tardy ; you tell this late; why did you not
say it. before his nomination ?" He answered
that he was notconsulted about the nomination,
and had no opportunity of expressing his
opinion upon it, besides being much occupied
at the time by his duties as Secretary of War
and his coutest with the President. 1 followed
by saying, "But you took part in the pres-
idential election, and made a succession of
speeches for him in Ohio and Pennsylvania."
"I spoke," said he, " but I never introduced
the name of General Grant. I spoke for the
.Republican party and the Republican cause."
This was the last time I saw Mr. Stanton. A
few days later I followed him to the grave
where he now rests. As the vagaries of the
President became more manifest and the pres-
idential office seemed more and more a play-
thing and perquisite, this dying judgment of
the great citizen who knew him so well
haunted me constantly day and night, and I
now communicate it to my country, feeling
that it is a legacy which I have no right to
withhold. Beyond the intrinsic interest from
its author, it is not without value as tes-
timony in considering how the President could
have been led into that Quixotism of personal
pretension which it is my duty to expose.
BUTT TO MAKE EXPOSURE.
Pardon me if I repeat that it is my duty to
make this exposure, spreading before you the
proofs of that personal government, which will
only pass without censure when it passes with-
out observation. Insisting upon reelection,
the President challenges inquiry and puts him-
self upon the country. But even if his press-
ure for reelection did not menace the tran-
quillity of the country, it is important that the
personal pretensions he has set up should be
exposed, that no President hereafter may ven-
ture upon such ways and no Senator presume
to deletid them. The ease is clear as noon.
TWO TYPICAL INSTANCES.
In opening this catalogue I select two
typical instances, Nepotism and Gift-taking
officially compensated, each absolutely inde-
fensible in the head of a Republic, most per-
nicious in example, and showing beyond
question that surpassing egotism of pretension
which changed the presidential office into a
personal instrumentality, not uulike tbe trunk
of an elephaut, apt for all things, small as
well as great, from provision for a relation to
forcing a treaty on a • reluctant. Senate or
forcing a reelection on a reluctant people.
NEPOTISM OP THE FJJBSIDKNT.
Between these two typical instances I hesi-
tate which to place foremost, but since the
nepotism of the President is a ruling passion
revealing the primary instincts of his nature;
since it is maintained by him in utter uncon-
sciousness of its offensive character; since
instead of blushing for it as an unhappy mis-
take he continues to uphold it; since it has
been openly defeuded by Senators on this
floor, and since 110 true patriot anxious for
republican institutions can dbubt that it ought
to be driven with hissing and scorn from all
possibility of repetition, I begin with this
undoubted abuse.
There has been no call of Congress for a
return of the relations holding office, stipend
or money-making opportunity under thePres-
42d Concs. 2d Sess.—No. 258.
ident. _ The country is left to the press for in-
formation on this important subject. If there
is any exaggeration the President is in fault,
since knowing the discreditable allegations he
has not hastened to furnish the precise facts,
or at least his partisans have failed in not call-
ing for the official information. In the mood
which they have shown in this Chamber it is
evident that any resolution calling for it moved
by a Senator not known to be for his reelec-
tion would meet with opposition, and an effort
to vindicate republican institutions would be
denounced as an assault on the President. But
the newspapers have placed enough beyond
question for judgment on this extraordinary
case, although thus far there has been no
attempt to appreciate it, especially in the light
of history.
One list makes the number of beneficia-
ries as many as forty-two—being probably
every known person allied to the President by
bloodor marriage. Persons seeming to speak
for the President, or at least after careful in-
quiries, have denied the accuracy of this list,
reducing it to thirteen. It will not be ques
tioned that there is at least a baker's dozen in
this category—thirteen relations of the Presi-
dent billeted on the country, not one of whom
but for this relationship would have been
brought forward, the whole constituting a case
of nepotism not unworthy of those worst'Gov-
ernments where office is a family possession.
Beyond the list of thirteen are other revela-
tions, showing that this strange abuse did
not stop with the President's relations, but
that these obtained appointments for others in
their circle, so that every relation became a cen-
ter of influence, while the presidential family
extended indefinitely.
Only one President has appointed relations,
and that was John Adams; but he found pub-
lic opinion, inspired by the example of
Washington, so strong against it that after a
slight experiment he replied to an applicant,
" You know it is impossible for me to appoint
my own relations to anything without drawing
forth a torrent of obloquy." (Letter to Ben-
jamin Adams, April 2, 1709; John Adams's
Works, vol. VIII, p. 634.) The judgment of
the country found voice in Thomas Jefferson,
who, in a letter written shortly after he became
President, used these strong words: " Mr.
Adams degraded himself infinitely by his con-
duct on this subject." But John Adams,
besides transferring his son, John Qamoy
Adams, from one diplomatic post to another,
appointed only two relations. Pray, sir, what
words would Jefferson use if he were here to
speak on the open and multifarious nepotism
of our President?
OKIGIX AM) HISTORY OP NEPOTISM.
The presidential pretension is so important
in every aspect, and the character of repub-
lican institutions is so absolutely compromised
by its toleration, that it cannot be treated in
any perfuuetory way. It shall not be my fault
if hereafter there is any doubt with regard
to it.
The word "nepotism" is of Italian origin.
First appearing at Home when the papal power
was at its height, it served to designate the
authority and influence exercised by the
nephews, or more generally the family of a
Pope. All the family of a Pope were nephews
and the Pope was universal uncle. As far
back as 16G7 this undoubted abuse occupied
attention to such a degree that it became the
subject of an able historical work in two vol-
umes, entitled II Nipotismo di Roma, which
is full of instruction and warning even for
our Republic. From Italian the word passed
into other European languages, but in the
lapse of time or process of naturalization, it
has come to denote the misconduct of the
appointing power. Addison, who visited
Home at the beginning of the last century,
described it 'as "undue patronage bestowed
by the Popes upon the members of their fam-
ily." But the word has amplified since, so as
to embrace others besides Popes who appoint
relations to office. Johnson in his Dictionary
defined it simply as "fondness for nephews
but our latest and best lexicographer, Wor-
cester, supplies a definition more complete
a,nd satisfactory: " Favoritism shown to rela-
tions ; patronage bestowed in consideration
of family relationship and not of merit."
Such undoubtedly is the meaning of the word
as now received and employed.
The character of this pretension appears iti
its origin and history. In the early days of
the Church, Popes are described as discarding
all relationship, whether of blood or alliance,
in their appointments, and inclining to merit
alone, although there were some with so large
a number of nephews, grand-nephews,brothers-
in-law, and relationsas to baffle belief, and yet it
is recorded that no sooner did the good Pope
enter the Vatican, which is the Executive Man-
sion of Rome, than relations fled, brothers-in-
law hid themselves, grand-nephews reflioved
away, and nephews got at a long distance.
Such was the early virtue. Nepotism did not
exist, and the wotd itself was unknown.
At last, in 1471, twenty-one years before
the discovery of America by Christopher
Columbus, Sixtus IV became Pope, and with
him began that nepotism which soon' became
famous as a Roman institution. Born in 1411,
the son of a fisherman, the eminent founder was
already fifty-seven years old; and he reigned
thirteen years, bringing to his functions large
experience as a successful preacher and as
general • of the Franciscan friars. Though
cradled in poverty, and by the vows of his order
bound to mendicancy, he began at otlce to heap
office and riches upon the various members of
his family, so that his conduct, from its bare-
faced inconsistency with the obligation of his
life, excited, according to the' historian, " the
amazement and wonder of all." The useful
reforms he attempted are forgotten, and this
remarkable pontiff is chiefly remembered now
as the earliest nepotist. Different degrees of
severity are employed by different authors in
characterizing this unhappy fame. Bouillet,
in his Dictionary of History, having Catholic
approbation, describes him as " feeble toward
his nephews," and our own Cyclopaedia, in a
brief exposition of his character, says " he
made himself odious by excessive nepotism."
But in all varieties of expression the offense
stands out for judgtoent.
The immediate successor of Sixtus was
Innocent VIII, whom the historian describes
as " very cold to his relations," since two
only obtained preferment at his hands. But
the example of the founder so far prevailed
that for a century nepotism, as was said,
" lorded it in Rome," except in a few instances
worthy of commemoration and example.
Of these exceptions, the first in time was
Julius IT, founder of St. Peter's at Rome,
whose remarkable countenance is so beau-
tifully preserved by Raffaelle. Though the
nephew of the nepotist, and not declining to
appoint all relations, he did it with such mod-
eration that nepotism was said to be dying
out. Adrian VI, early teacher of Charles V,
and successor of Leo X, seta better example
by refusing absolutely. But so accustomed
had Rome become to this abuse, that not
only by the embassadors but by the people
was he condemned as "too severe with his
relations." A son of his cousin, studying
in Siena, started for Rome, trusting to obtain
important recognition. But the Pope, with-
out seeing him, sent him back on a hired horse.
Relations thronged from other places and even
from across the Alps, longing for that great-
ness which other Popes had lavished on family;
but Adrian dismissed them with a slight change
of clothing and an allowance of money for
the journey. One who from poverty came on
foot was permitted to return on foot. This
Pope carried abnegation of his family so far
as to make relationship an excuse for not re-
warding one who had served the Church well.
