1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
529
great deal more importance to that speech than
I ever did. As to being a very proper person
for Mr. Johnson's Cabinet, 1 never thought
so; I do not believe Mr. Johnson ever thought
so; but one thing I know, that Mr. Johnson
never had an office in his gift that I would
accept. I do not say that out of any disre-
spect to him. I have heard it said that I sought
a place in his Cabinet. Allow me to say to
the Senator that that is utterly and entirely
false, and whoever said it, said it without any
authority. There never was an hour that I
would have resigned the Governorship of
Indiana—I was Governor at the time—for
any place except a seat in the United States
Senate.
Now, sir, I ask to have a portion of the
Senator's letter read, which I have sent up to
the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"There is no possibility of changing the political
character of the Senate, even if the_ Democrats
should elect their President and a majority of the
popular branch of Congress. We cannot, therefore,
undo the Radical plan of reconstruction by congres-
sional action; the Senate will continue a bar to its
repeal. Must we submit to it ? How can it be over-
thrown? It can only be overthrown by the author-
ity of the Executive, who is sworn to maintain the
Constitution, and who will fail to do his duty if he
allows the Constitution to perish under a series of
congressional enactments which are in palpable vio-
lation of its fundamental principles.
" If the President elected by the Democracy en-
forces or permits others to enforce these reconstruc-
tion acts, the Radicals, by the accession of twenty
spurious Senators and fifty Representatives, will
control both branches of Congress, and his Admin-
istration will be as powerless as the present one of
Mr. Johnson.
" There is but one way to restore the Government
and the Constitution, and that is for the President-
elect to declare these acts null and void, compel the
Army to undo its usurpations at the South, disperse
the carpet-bag State governments, allow the white
people to reorganize their own governments, and
elect Senators and Representatives."
Mr. MORTON. Upon the strength of that
letter the Senator was placed upon the ticket
for Vice President, in that letter he declared
that if the Democratic candidate should be
elected President, it would be his duty, becom-
ing a dictator and a despot, to declare the acts
of Congress unconstitutional and void, and to
use the Army to disperse, as he calls it, the
carpet-bag governments that had been set up
by the Congress of the United States; and
when he was nominated upon the ticket, that
ticket being thereby pledged, if elected, to
usurp the power of declaring that the acts of
Congress were null and void, and that the Presi-
dent should exercise his military power to dis-
perse the carpet-bag governments, and thus
become a military despot—after having written
it and gone before the people upon it, with
what kind of show does the Senator now come
before the country and say, " I left the Repub-
lican party because of its usurpations?"
Mr. BLAIR. I will tell the Senator——
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Indiana yield to the Senator from Missouri?
Mr. MORl'ON. I shall be through in one
moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana declines to yield.
Mr. MORTON. In speaking to day I had
expected to speak simply on the question of
amnesty in the abstract. I have been dragged
into a political discussion by the Senator from
Ohio. Nevertheless I have no objection to it
if he has not.
The Senator from Ohio said that the Presi-
dent bad recommended universal amnesty.
The President has done no such thing. The
President spoke about general amnesty. We
understand that there is a broad distinction
always between speaking of "general am-
nesty" and "universal amnesty;" but the
President in his message intimated the very
exceptions that are made in this bill; inti-
mated the exception >jf the principal crimi-
nals, if 1 remember his language correctly.
The Senator has said that this is the begin-
42d Cong. 2d Bess.—No. 34.
ning of the campaign. Allow me to say that
he then has begun the campaign. The cam-
paign was commenced in this Chamber, I
thought, under somewhat different auspices a
few weeks ago, bat it is not ended. Those
who begin a campaign do not always end it.
We expect to go before the country in the
coming campaign, and we expect to arraign
the Democratic party upon its history, upon
its record, and we expect to hold it responsible
for what it has done, and for those things that
it is pledged to carry out if it should come into
power; and if we shall talk about the rebellion,
it will be because the rebellion has happened,
and because the consequences of it have not
passed away.
Mr. President, there can be but two parties
in this country until the issues of the war are
settled. During the war there were but two
armies; there could not be a third one; and
there can be but two parties in this country
until the issues of the war are settled. Who-
ever is not for us is against us. Every road
out of the Republican party leads into the
Democratic party. Every man must take his
choice upon which side he will be in this con-
flict.
The ascendency of the Democratic party,
as I before remarked, would be the greatest
national disaster that could happen. Sir, the
continued supremacy, the presence here in
this city of a Republican Administration, is
the only guarantee that exists in some States
for the preservation of life, liberty, and prop-
erty to-day. Put the Democratic party in
power pledged not to interfere, not to execute
the Ku Klux law, and in at least seven or
eight States of this Union there would be no
security for the life, liberty, or property of the
Union people of those States. The civil and
political rights of at least four million people
are dependent upon the continued supremacy
of the Republican party.
Sir, this is a great question, far more import-
ant than civil service reform, far more import-
ant than tariff questions for the time being.
It is a question that touches the life of the
nation. The life-blood once drawn cannot be
restored. Upon other questions there can be
legislation years to come. It is the great fund-
amental question ; it is the great national prob-
lem yet to be solved, and until it is solved, and
there is peace and security in every State in
this Union, we shall continue to dwell upon
the questions of the past and the threatenirigs
of the future.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, the argu-
ments which have been advanced to-day by
the Senator from Indiana and the Senator
from Ohio affecting general political topics
will doubtless be duly weighed by the people
to whom they have been addressed. The
Senate has before it, practically, two measures
of legislation ; and unless I shall be diverted,
as I do not propose to be if I cau help it, to
discuss any other question, I wish to say a few
words bearing only, and I hope practically,
upon those two measures.
The first is a bill termed an amnesty bill,
improperly so termed, as I took occasion to
say when I addressed the Senate on this sub-
ject before; and that bill under a constitu-
tional provision requires a vote of two thirds
to pass it. When it came before us the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts offered an amend-
ment, termed and known as the supplementary
civil rights bill, to secure, as is alleged, certain
civil rights to those who are now denied them.
That measure, if proposed by itself, requires
a bare majority to pass it. A motion has been
made to take up another bill, coming from the
House of Representatives, a little different
from the pending one in its provisions in rela-
tion to amnesty, and it is urged that if we take
up that bill we shall get clear of the trouble-
some questions that are presented by the pend-
ency of the amendment involving civil rights.
I do not believe we shall, because I have no
doubt that the same amendments will be
offered to that bill, and if they are offered we
have to meet the same questions we have al-
ready met, unless the amendment be declared
out of order upon parliamentary grounds.
While I do not desire that this last bill shall
be taken up simply for the purpose of deciding
a question of order, I do wish to call attention
to the incongruity of attaching to either of these
bills the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. So far as securing the purposes
that are intended to be secured by that amend-
ment is concerned, when a proper bill shall be
presented .and considered, if its provisions
having the scrutiny of a committee and of the
Senate are constitutional, it shall have tny sup-
port.
I do not take the narrow ground that is'
charged upon many of looking upon the Con-
stitution now as it was to be looked at before
the adoption of the thirteenth, fourteenth, and
fifteenth amendments. Whatever may be said
about political schools, about, the resolutions
of 1798, or about strict construction, no man
can deny that we now have a stronger Govern-
ment than we had before those amendments
were adopted, and that for the protection of
human rights the Congress of the United States
is invested with far greater powers to legislate
than it was before the passage of those amend-
ments. And, sir, wherever the rights of life,
liberty, or property, wherever the privileges
and immunities of citizens of the United States
ot any race or color are practically denied, I
am ready and willing to support any proper
measure of legislation in its appropriate place
to secure them.
But we have now before us a bill which,
under a constitutional provision, requires a
two-thirds vote to pass it; and, led away by
what seems to me a false analogy, we are con-
sidering as an amendment to it a measure of
ordinary legislation. When I say "ordinary
legislation," I do not mean ordinary in im-
portance, but ordinary in ifs mode of passing.
When the amendment was first presented, it
was suggested at once that it was like an amend-
ment offered to a treaty, that a majority vote
could pass it, but it required a two-thirds vote
finally to ratify- the treaty. The suggestion
itself, it, seemed to me, ought to have car-
ried with it this reflection, that the provision
in regard to the ratification of a treaty being
a specific provision, and that applicable only
to one branch of the national Congress, the
analogy totally and entirely failed. It was
110 argument to convince us that we might
attach that amendment to this bill, for thar,
provision, requiring a two-thirds vote to ratify
a treaty, ends with the exercise of it in the
Senate." It requires no further action in the
House for the purpose of ratifying that treaty,
but is the exercise of a power confided to the
President and the Senate alone. That was
brought in as an analogy for the purpose of
regulating legislation which requires the assent
of both Houses.
The exceptional provisions in the Consti-
tution are the one to which I refer as to the
ratification of treaties, the proposition of an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, the passage of an amnesty bill, or the
passage of a bill over the veto of the Executive.
These are exceptional provisions, and when
the requisite vote is given, it may be fairly
argued, nothing more is required, and the
executive sanction is unnecessary. It cer-
tainly dispenses with it when the veto is over-
ridden. It has been decided that it dispenses
with it when it is proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States.^ But
we have an amendment proposed to this bill
which under the Constitution requires two
thirds to pass it, and we have decided that we
will consider it.
Now, Mr. President, as a measure affecting
perhaps future legislation largely, (because I
take it r my amnesty bill is to be passed there
