478
A.PPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. of Eeps.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Cobum.
42d Gong....2d Sess.
"Question. Yes, sir.
"Answer. Signed "Brutus?" I wrote that piece.
44 Question. I will read to you, on the subject of
which I am now examining you, a sci>tcnce near the
beginning of it, and to reach that sentence 1 will read
the preliminary sentence:
" 4 The mystery which surrounds the movements of
the Ku Klux Klan has led thesuperstitious to regard
them as spirits of the disembodied, while the edu-
cated, beyond the field of operation, have believed
the whole story to be a myth. But of their existence
as an organized body of living men. we. who have
seen them, entertain no doubt. Ot their numbers
and extent itis impossible to speak. There mu&l
be one thousand in a day's march of Union. You
havethem.no doubt, in Charleston, and they cer-
tainly can be found throughout Georgia, North Car-
olina, and Tennessee.'
44 Answer. That was my information.
4* Question. Was it your belief at the time you
wrote that letter that there were one thousand of
them within a day's march of this place?
44 Answer. Yes, sir; within a day's march. I was
writing on the information that eight hundred were
here on that night, and supposing that all had not
come, one might say there were one thousand,
44 Question. Was it the similarity ot their opera-
tions throughout Georgia, North Carolina, and Ten-
nessee, that led you to this opinion ?
44 Answer. Yes. sir."
Here is a witness, a Democrat, professing to
know of the causes and origin of the Ku Klux,
a native of Columbia, South Carolina, a man
of education and influence, a lawyer by pro-
fession, who testifies from his personal knowl-
edge and observation not only to the per-
manent nature of this organization, but to the
fact of its discipline to the extreme extent of
punishing men outside of the society for assum-
ing its dress and practices. I will now quote
from an editorial in the Times of Unionville,
South Carolina, of February 17, 1871, show-
ing the extent and widespread influence of
this order:
44 The Ku Klux.—That an organization of despe-
rate and daring men is in existence throughout the
South, and perhaps in many of the western States,
cannot now be doubted; and that it has grown to
be a powerful and thorough organization, the num-
bers and complete discipline of those who have vis-
ited tlm place is sufficient proof. Its power and
influence are not conlined to any locality, but are
now telt and feared throughout the land. Nor do we
believe it is guided by ignorant and inexperienced
loaders. Talent, caution, determination, and dis-
cipline mark its every act. That they are a band
of determined men, linked together by no ordinary
tie ot mutual desperation and defense, is also cer-
tain; but their path has not been marked by plun-
dering or incendiarism. Knshrouded in complote
mystery, moving in porfectharmony, ji,lmostubi<iuit-
ous, and apparently sufficiently numerous to place,
in the shortest time, any number of finely mounted
and completely equipped men that they may sup-
pose will be required at any given point, it will re-
quire something more than force of numbers or
indiscreet and coercive legislation to dispctse them
or drive them Irom their purpose. What their
motives are, nono outside of their organization but
Almighty God knows. We cannot believe there is
such a largo number of men at the South willing to
commit such deeds of murder and other outrages
from depravity of heart—it is not characteristic of
the .southern people of any sphere, and our feelings
of humanity revolt at the bare thought that such
wickedness of heart exists to such an extent. No,
no, there must be some other cause than that, actu-
ating such a body ot men to commit such bloody
deeds, and we sincerely hope that the State and
federal Governments will, by cautious and discreet
action, devise some means to induce them to desist
from their terror-inspiring work.
"We are aware that we shall be accused by many
ignorant and extreme people of defending the Ku
Klux, and encouraging them in their unlawful acts,
while some may say we arc actuated by terror; but
both accusations are false; we believe we are writ-
ing the plain unvarnished truth. Those of our citi-
zens who saw them here feel convinced that it is a
formidable organization of men too well prepared
for any emergency, and too numerous and well con-
trolled to be scoffed at or suppressed by rash and
incautious means, while the reports we receive from
every other southern State are proof positive that
they are gathering strength and extending their
influence. The Government must look upon the
matter calmly, and act discreetly, and not permit a
set of extreme partisan legislators to drag the State
completely over the terrible precipice at the brink
of which it now stands."
These sentiments are entertained by many
prominent men in other States. The testi-
mony of General John B. Gordon, (page 308.
Georgia,) of Georgia, who at the surrender
commanded the left wing of Lee's army, and
is the leader of the Democracy of his own
Slate, is to the same effect and in the same
spirit. He denies any knowledge of the Ku
Klux, but admits that he was one of a secret
order, which, to accomplish its end, which
was protection against violence, must have been
armed.
" Question, What do you know of any combina-
tions in Georgia, known as Ku Klux. or by any other
name, who have been violating law ?
"Answer. I do not know anything about any Ku
Klux organization, as the papers talk about it. I
have never heard of anything of that sort except in
the papers and by general report; but I do know
that an organization did exist in Georgia at one
time. I know that in 1B6S—I think that was the
time—I was approached and asked to attach myself
to a secret organization in Georgia. I was approached
by some of the very best citizens of the State—some
of the most peaceable, law-abiding men. men of
large property, who had large interests in the State.
The object of this organization was explained to me
at the time by these parties; and I want to say that
I approved of it most heartily. I would approve
again of a similar organization under the same state
of circumstances.
44 Question. Tell us all about what that organiza-
tion was.
"Anwoer. Theorganization was simplythis—noth-
ing more and nothing less: it was an organization,
a brotherhood ot the property-holders, the peace-
able, law-abiding citizens of the State, forself-pro-
tection. The instinct of self-protection prompted
that organization; the sense of insecurity and dan-
ger, particularly in those neighborhoods where the
negro population largely predominated. The rea-
sons which led to this organization were three or
four. The first and main reason was the organiza-
tion of the Union League, as they called it, about
which wo knew nothing more than this: that the
negroes would desert the plantations and go off at
night m large numbers; and on being asked where
they had been, would reply, sometimes, * We have
been to the muster;' sometimes, 'We have been
to the lodge;' sometimes, 'We have been to the
meeting.' These things weie observed for a great
length of time. We knew that the 4carpet-bag-
gers,'as the people of Georgia called those men
who carae from a distance and had no interest at
all with us ; who were unknown to us entirely ; who
from all we could learn about themdid not have any
very exalted position at their homes—these men
were organizing the colored people. We know that
beyond all qucscion. We knew of certain instances
where great crimes had been committed; where
overseers had been driven from plantations, and the
negroes had asserted their right to hold the property
for their own benefit. Apprehension took posses-
sion of the entire public mind of the State. Men
werein many instances afraid to go away Irom their
homes and leave their wives and children for fear of
outrage. Rapes were already being committed in
the country. There was this general Organization
of the black race ou the one hand, and an entire dis-
organization of the white race on the other hand.
We were afraid to have a public organization, be-
cause we supposed it would be construed at once, by
the authorities at Washington, as an organization
antagonistic to the Government of theUnited States.
On being interrogated as to the extent of
this secret order in Georgia, General Gordon
testified as follows, on page 321:
"Question. IIow extensive was this white organ-
ization which was formed at that time?
"Answer. I have no means of knowing. I know
that it embraced some of the best men in the State.
I think it pervaded the entire State. I do not
know whether it extended to other States or not;
my impression is that it did.
"Question. Lid those that you knew as members
of this association all belong to one council?
"Ansiocr. No, sir.
"Question. They had different councils?
"Answer. I do not know exactly what you mean
by 4 councils.' They had some sort of means of con-
trolling the organization in the different localities.
There were certain men who were selected to keep
the peace in certain neighborhoods."
On page 322 he testifies as follows as to the
oath or obligation:
44 Question. Was there any obligation which the
members took ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
44 Question. Was it in the nature of an oath ?
"Answer. I do not think it was an oath; X think
it was a pledge, tantamount to an oath. <
4> Question. I mean was the obligation in the form
of an oath—' You do solemnly swear,' or anything
ot that kind ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I think it was.
" Quest-ion. Ot eouise it would not be an oath
unices some ofiicer administered it.
"Answer. I think there was somethingof thatsort.
44 Question. Do you recollect the purport of that
oath ?
"Answer. I have no recollection of it ot all, except
that it was to the effect that we would unite as a
bund of brothers to protect each other from violence
and aggression on the part of the negro.
44 Question. You took the obligation yourself?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I took it to whatever extent it
was given to anybody."
On being further interrogated as to rapes
by negro men upon white women, he testified
on page 388 as follows :
44 Question. You said something about rapes hav-
ing been committed upon white women by negroes.
Do you mean to say that there are a large number
of such rapes?
44Answer. Oh, no, sir; but one case of rape by a
negro upon a white woman was enough to alarm the
whole people of the State.
44 Question. Did you ever henr how the man was
punished who committed that rape of which you
spoke?
"Answer. No, sir.
" Question, Did you never hear that he was caught
and burned alive?
"Answer. No, sir. I cannot even put my finger
on the specific case."
I will now quote from the testimony of Hon.
Augustus R. Wright, of Rome, Georgia, one
of the eminent men of that State, who many
years since was a judge, was afterward a mem-
ber'of Congress, and in 1860 was in com-
pany with Alexander H. Stephens as senatorial
elector on the Douglas ticket. Of himself he
thus speaks as to his present status in politics
and religion:
" Question. When the war closed you were at first
a Republican ?
" Answer. I had talked with Mr. Lincoln, and I
expected to carry out his policy.
44 Question. You afterward became a Democrat?
44 Answer. I did.
44 Question. And you are one still ?
44 Answer. I am what. I call a national Democrat,
in the true sense of the word—not a sectional Demo-
crat; nothing can make me sectional, except con-
tinued, hopeless oppression on the part of the Fed-
eral Government. If I believed in that, I would
oppose it as I would oppose any other Government.
" Question. You spoke of a negro Methodist
preacher who was whipped for inflammatory lan-
guage?
"Answer. I said I was not sure whether he was
whipped or not, or whether the Ku Klux dealt with
him in some other way ; 1 know they doaltwith him
in some way.
"Question. Was he a Methodist preacher of the
Northern Methodist Church?
"Answer. Oh, yes; I said that was my under-
standing.
" Question. You yourself were once a Methodist
preacher, were you not?
"Answer. 1 was.
"Question. You belonged to the Southern Meth-
odist Church ?
" Answer. 1 belong now to the Foot-Washing Bap-
tists—the simplest form of the Christian faith."
Judge Wright appeared before the com-
mittee and testified, among other things, as
follows:
41 Question. You have not heard of that before?
"Answer. No, sir. Wc had the uniform in the
court-boui>0, and examined it; it was the first I
ever saw, and it was said to be the uniform of that
band.
44 Question. Have you not heard of these Ku Klux
in other parts of the country besides Georgia, and
besides that little strip of Alabama of which you
spoke?
44 Answer. Oh, heavens I yes. I have heard it almost
from the beginning down.
44 Question. Do they usually go in disguise elsewhere
as well as m Georgia?
44 Answer. I have heard they did.
" Question. Has there been any uniformity in their
mode of operations that has struck you?
"Answer, Well, yes; that K in their scourging
and whipping and violence, just as you might say
there was uniformity of operation m other States
North,
"Question. The uniformity consists of a disguise
worn upon the person, and of their operating in the
night-time?
44 Answer. I have heard that these bands were
generally disguised, if not almost uniformly."
44 Question. Do you know whether in every placo
they are composed of members of the Democratic
party? What is your judgment on thatsubject?
44 Answer. That is my judgment.
" Question. That they are inotherStatescomposed
of members of the Democratic party ?
" Ansivvt. Yes; that is my judgment.
" Question. Have you learned that in other States
their victims were principally members of the Re-
publican party?
"Answer. I judge they are.
"Question. Did you ever know of bodies of men
in disguise committing such crimes in the State of
Georgia before this war?
" Answer. No, sir; not with the frequency, and
not in disguise. We had Lynch-law down there
occasionally, but I do not remember any case where
the parties were in disguise.
" Question. You heard of nothing of thatsort in
Georgia before the war?
"Answer. If anything of thatsort occurred it has
escaped my recollection.
