3218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
and salt we need. I am glad that tea and
coffee have been placed upon the free list.
Iron, steel, salt, all these articles, should also
be given to us at the lowest possible rate.'
Now, it has been said, Mr. Chairman, we are
to regard the interests of labor of those who
are interested and at work in this branch of
industry. It is a little remarkable these special
interests are unable to give exactly the number
of men employed. It we take notes as this
discussion runs along, when we get through we
■will find 1,think we have a much larger popu-
lation than is shown by ihe census. We have
seventy live thousand engaged in the bitumin-
ous coal interest, we have untold millions in
iron, and now we have many thousands in
salt, and if we were only to keep notes of the
large numberof men engaged in these separate
classes of business we should find that we
would have a population of upward of sixty
millions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUKCHARD. Ho far as salt is an article
of necessity, 1 agree wiih the gentlemen who
have spoken upon this subject that it ought
to be put upon ihe free list. Hut 1 believe it is
u proper subject for a low revenue duty. We
have always hail, or at least for a great, many
years have had, a duiy on sail.
Mr. MAYNAkL). Will the gentleman state
the time when there was no duty on saltV
Mr. BUliUEARD. J believe there was no
time when it was tree. .Some of the tables
report thai from 18'lli to 1857, and from 1857
to 1801 it was free. 13ut 1 believe that under
the taulf of 181ti there was a duty oil H, ol
twenty per cent, ad valorem, mid in 18.i7 the.e
was a duty on it, ol tiileen per cent, ad cttloiem.
Mr. JlAYNAltD. 1 think ihe gentleman
will find that, under the tariffs ol ls ttiand 1957
salt, was free.
Mr. JL>U liCHARD. The 'fteasury repoits
include it, among the dutiable articles in the
Tariff of 18-16 at twenty per cent., and in the
tariff o! 1857 at tifieen per cent,. That, how
ever, was perhaps merely the Treasury con-
struction of the law.
But 1 wish to call the alien lion of the com-
mittee to the fact that when file duly on salt
whs light thi! price was high, and when the
duty on salt whs reduced the price of salt foil.
1 have submitted to the committee already
some tables showing the excessive bounty paid
to the men engaged in the production of salt,
being over six hundred dollars per annum for
each man. 1 call this a bounty, because the
Treasury report ol 1863, giving the prices of
salt for a number of years, shows that, under
the tariff of 1832 tho average price ol' 'Turk's
Island salt, when the duty was ten ctnts a
bushel, was thuty-seven and a halt'cents. In
1812 ihe duly was reduced to eight cents per
bushel, and the puce toil to thirty two cents.
Undei ihe low tariff of 1810 ami 1857 it, fell to
nineteen cents. Now, for tho lust, seven years,
under a duty of eighteen cents per bundled
pounds, it has been thirty eight, forty, forty-
two, and forty-four coins. The average 1
believe may be stated at, thirty-six cents a
bushel.
1 ask the committee to look at this table,
which conclusively proves that the consumer
pays ihe, duly, and the price is increased by
lis continuance.
1 take the average wholesale price for Liver-
pool saclt and Turk's Island salt during each
of the (liflercnl tariffs since 1825.
Note the reduction in puce lollowing the
reduction in duty, and subsequent increased
price upon increase of duly to present rate:
Turk'*
Duty per Zicerpuol, lalwid,
Year. bushel. per hack. eta.
buskel.
1825 to 1830  20 cents. $2 34 501
18>1 .....15 cents. 1 92 5ol
1831 to 184.2 10 cents. 1771 37a-
1842 to 184U Scents. 1 39£ 32^
1810 lo li57  20 per cent. 1 24i 2Ui
1857 to latii   15 per cent. 77 19
Mr. MAYNARD. From what report does
the gentleman take those facts?
Mr. BURCHARD. Prom the Treasury
report published in 1803, containing a state-
ment, of the wholesale prices in New York of
articles in general use from 1825 to 1863.
Mr. MAYNARD. Who is the author of
that report?
Mr. BURCHARD. It is an official report,
issued by a Republican Administration, and it
is entitled to confidence unless disputed. It
is published by those having no interest in
giving any but the facts. When gentlemen
come here with partial statements by manu-
facturers and others, who are personally inter-
ested, you may question their statement; but
when you find the official report taken from
your official records, which are open to exam-
ination by any man, I think you can safely
accept such testimony.
Now, one word in regard to this bounty. It
is now, as I have said, $600 per annum. This
is shown by tho official census report,, which
gives as the number of men employed in 1860
two thousand. Dividing the product of the
number of bushels of salt manufactured in
1860, (12,190,9113 bushels,) as shown by the
census returns by the present average duty per
bushel (eleven and three quarter cents) by the
number of men employed, it is evident that
present rates give a bounty of $600 per man.
A similar result is shown even if we take the
statement, of the salt company themselves. I
have here a statement, from the Onondaga
Salt Company which gives the number of men
employed as less than three thousand, includ-
ing coopers and other employes. It states also
ilie amount of salt manufactured by that com-
pany af eight million bushels, which is con-
firmed by the statement made by the gentle-
man from New York. [Mr. Duei.i,.] The aver-
age duty at eleven cents a bushel would make
$880,000 as tho increased cost, resulting from
the tariff, giving a bounty of $300 per annum
lo each man. I submit, that this is a higher
bounty than the salt-makers are entitled to. Is
not half that amount, $150 per annum, all that
ought, to be paid? Is not ten dollars permonlh
contribution from the general wealth for each
man employed all that these corporations
ought to ask ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
only a few words in regard to the pending
paragraph. 1 have taken no part thus far this
session in the antagonism on this floor on the
subject of Ihe tariff. I do not sympathize
with either of the extremes that 1 find de-
ployed here on this question.
It, is clear to my mind that no violent change
will be made or ought to be made in the tariff
this session, and yet it is clear that this House
desires to make some reduction in our inter-
nal and tariff taxation, and that this is the
expectation of the country, the recommenda-
tion of the President and the Secretary of the
I'reasuiy.
IIow shall that reduction be made, so far as
the tariff is concerned?
But there are two things it seems to me
to which every reasonable protectionist and
every reasonable free-trader—and I hope
there are some reasonable men of both classes
in the House—ought to agree. If they mean
that we shall rcduce the tariff at all, I say they
ought to agree to two things, which I will
name.
In the first place, wheu Congress put on an
increased tariff rate to make up for the in-
crease of the internal revenue tax, amounting
to ten per cent, on the whole body of dutiable
articles, it was agreed at the time to be a tem-
porary increase to compensate for the internal
tax and only to remain while the tax remained.
1 say, then, that gentlemen ought to agree to
luifitl the promise then made to the country
and take off that extra compensatory increase.
That is the first thing.
The second is, they ought to go through the
tariff list, and when they come to anyone duty
that towers away up like a mountain above
the line of perpetual frost, beyond all reason-
able protection on any man's theory, unless
he be a prohibitionist, they ought then to scale
down such mountain peaks as those. Now,
if there be any such peaks at all, I think we
have one of them heLe in this article now
under consideration.
In the first place, let it be known that much
of the salt product of this countiy has been
sent into Canada for two years past and sold
in successful competition with the free salt
made there, and imported, on which no duty
whatever is levied, and no man will deny it. It
proves successfully ihat, the producers of
American salt can sell it even in a free-trade
market, and that the rate of duty provided in
the bill is ample for all reasonable purposes.
Mr. DAWKS. Permit me to-ask the gen-
tleman if he knows under what circumstances
that salt was so sold?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I believe I
know the circumstances under which it was
sold. And I know moreover that for nearly
two years the wholesale price of American salt
in Toronto, Canada, was a dollar lower per
barrel than the same salt was selling for from
the New York side of the lake. That is, we
produced it, shipped it across, paying what-
ever portage, freights, and tiansportation were
required, and then sold it to our Canadian
neighbors at a dollar a barrel less than it was
sold to American people on our own shores.
Certainly gentlemen do not want u, duty con-
tinued that enables that thing to be done.
I hold in my hand a copy of a contract made
between the Onondaga Salt Company and a
Canadian salt company, signed and dated, and
alluding to an arrangement made beiween
them. The arrangement was this: if you will
not send any of your Canadian salt, into our
western States we will not send any of our
American salt into any of the Canadian prov-
inces, and we will also both put up prices.
The language of one paragraph of the letter is
this:
"As soon as the arrangement was made we put the
price up to $1 95 at Buffalo and Oswego, and have
since advanced it to two dollars, and it is now held
firmly at the labt-namod price."
Now, I ask gentlemen of this House whether
an indusliy standing on such ground as that,
with its mountain peaks rising into the skies,
cannot bear some reduction and leave it still
with about one hundred per cent, protection?
All that can be done, and then not affect the
principle of protection. I stand by the com-
mittee against all attempts to increase the
duty.
Mr. DAWES. It is evident that we cannot
get a vote on this paragraph this afternoon.
As there is to be an evening session, I wiU
move that the committee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. SCO-
field reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to re-
duce duties on imports, and to reduce iuternal
taxes, and for other purposes, and had coma
lo no resolution thereon.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into Commit
lee of the Whole upon this subject of tl^e tariff
all debate on the pending paragiaph shall be
closed in twenty minutes.
Mr. CONGER. I hope that motion will not
be adopted.
Mr. HAY. I hope not; I want to be heard
on that subject.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the Housa
now take a recess.
Mr. DAWES. Let us first settle this ques*/
tion of closing debate.
