1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
this sort to pick out a few individuals and
increase their salaries at haphazard, raising
some who perhaps ought not to be raised, and
keeping others who perhaps perform more
■labor at the old rate.
Mr. NYE. It is a well-known fact, I sup-
pose, that the duties discharged by this officer
are rapidly increasing. Scarcely a month rolls
around that there is not an appropriation made
for the construction of a new building. While
.his duties increase his responsibilities naturally
increase with them. It seems to me that he
is more poorly paid than almost any other
man in the service. The responsibility of all
these vast public buildings is upon him. He
has to furnish the drafts, to oversee their con-
struction, and, as I remarked in the first place,
his duties are very rapidly increasing. It seems
to me if there is any officer who ought to be
paid $5,000 a year it is an officer with such
responsibility. Why, sir, it would require the
present salary to stand all the investigations he
has to submit to. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. About three every year.
Mr. NYE. I hope, therefore, this salary
will be increased. While I agree with the
honorable Senator from Kentucky that the
Committee on Appropriations perhaps is not
the proper committee to consider the subject
of increasing salaries, yet the Senate is the
proper body to consider it, and I hope the
Senate will express themselves in favor of
this increase, and say that a man who has
such arduous duties to perform shall be paid
at least a living compensation for his services.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of
order. I do not understand that this amend-
ment is reported from any committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee of the
Whole. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not do. It is
certainly the committee of the whole in the
Treasury, if that is what the Senator means.
[Laughter.] But you cannot increase an
appropriation under the rules unless a stand-
ing or select committee of the Senate has
reported the amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I beg the Senator's par-
don. That is not the rule. The rule is that
notice must be given one day in advance to
the Committee on Appropriations, which no-
tice I did give.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We will see. The rule
is clear on that subject. It is Rule 30 :
" No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall bo received to any general appropriation
bill, unless it be made to carry out the provisions
of some existing law, or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that session,
or movod by direction of a standing or select com-
mittee of tbe Senate, or in pursuaneo of an estimate
from the head of some of the Departments."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understood that this was
an amendment reported distinctly from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. They agreed to the report
of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads had nothing to do with
the subject.
Mr. RAMSEY. But under the rules they
are entitled to offer any ameudment they
please.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have read the amend-
ment in your own handwriting.
Mr. RAMSEY. But if the majority of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
assent or agree or desire this report, is not
that sufficient?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to have the
opinion of the Chair on that subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. While these Senators are
discussing this matter among themselves, I
will repeat what I believe is the sentiment of
every Senator who has given this subject
attention, that there are about eight or ten
leading officers in the Departments who are
underpaid. There is a bill on the Calendar
here to give them increased pay and put them
on the same footing. But I would not raise
the pay of Mr. Mullett, although he is a good
officer, without doing the same justice to
others. He is the head of a bureau in the
Treasury Department. The idea of paying him
$5,000, and paying the Second Comptroller
$3,000, the Register $3,000, and the Aud-
itors $3,000, would be simply to create in-
equality  
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is out of order anyhow.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is out of order. When
this thing is to be done, let it be done system-
atically. I repeat that the Committee on Fi-
nance reported some time ago a bill, which is
now on the Calendar, to increase the salaries
of all these officers to a reasonable amount; I
think $4,500; and at the proper time that bill
will be taken up and passed, I hope; but it
ought not to be put here.
Mr. HAMLIN. Is the amendment before
the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would observe that the practice has been to
offer amendments upon notice ; but the point
of order was raised by the Senator from Ver-
mont under the thirtieth rule, that this amend-
ment did not come from any standing or spe-
cial committee, and unless the Senator from
Minnesota states that he presents it as chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, the Chair must rule that it is out
of order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I so understood him to
state.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have the authority of tbe
committee to offer it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator states that he reported it from the com-
mittee, the Chair will entertain the amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Chair will hear
me a moment before he decides, I should like
to have him do so. The amendment is before
us, and it is in writing. It does not purport
to come from any committee, but is offered
by the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY. But I have the assent of
the eommitttee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will pardon
me until I am through. In all other cases,
and according to that rule, when a committee
agree to an amendment the chairman of that
committee or some other member reports it
from the committee when he makes the report,
and we know what it means. This taking it
by ratification afterward is not what the rule
provides for at all.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator read the
rule that prohibits a ratification in that way?
There is no such prohibition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe to the Senator from Vermont that
he understood originally that this amendment
was moved by the Senator from Minnesota,
and not by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads; but if the Senator from Minne-
sota states that he reports it from the commit-
tee, the Chair will entertain the motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I report it from the com-
mittee now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. " Now" will not do.
Mr. RAMSEY. I gave ample notice of it
before.
Mr. SPENCER. It is getting late and about
dinner time. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, no; let us finish the
bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Who has the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Maine has the floor. He yielded it
temporarily. Does he yield now to the Sen-
ator from Alabama 1
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, I will do so, with the
understanding that I have the floor on this
subject, for I want to say a word upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before the
Senator yields to that motion, allow me to say
a single word. I do not know whether this
amendment is now in order, but I desire to
say in behalf of this officer that I think he is
one of the hardest worked officers in the Gov-
ernment. He is a man of genius and integ-
rity ; and I have no question but that his sal-
ary ought to be increased.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator will make my
speech before he gets through if I let him go
on. [Laughter.] I want to say all those things.
I yield to the Senator from Alabama to move
an executive session; but when this question
comes up again I desire to give my reasons
why we ought to increase this officer's salary,
and on this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I agree with what the
Senator from Maine says. I do not like in-
creasing Mr. Mullett's salary on this bill, but
I do want to increase it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Nor I either; but I want
to increase it where I can.
executive session.
Mr. SPENCER. I now submit my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
hn oi n aaa
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope not.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After thirteen minutes spent in ex-
ecutive session, the doors were reopened, and
(atfour o'clock and forty-seven minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 5, 1872.
The House metat twelveo'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
Journal.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by
unanimous consent, the further reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
reception of japanese embassy.
The SPEAKER. In response to the order
of the House, the Chair sent an invitation to
the Japanese embassy to visit the House dur-
ing its session, and he is authorized to state,
from a verbal interview with the embassy
yesterday, that to-morrow morning at eleven
o'clock will be the time most convenient to
them. The Chair took the liberty of saying
he thought this hour would be convenient to
the House, as it was the hour formerly assigned
for the reception of the Chinese embassy, and
would not interfere in any way with the ordin-
ary business of the House. It is of course for
the House to make a different order.
Mr. BANKS. I think the suggestion made
by the Chair will be acceptable to the House.
I move therefore that the Japanese embassy
be received by the House to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, and that a committee of five members
be appointed to make arrangements.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It will be neces-
sary to change the ordinary hour of meeting.
The SPEAKER. The House to-day can
take a recess until eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the adjournment to-day, whenever it shall take
place, shall be considered a recess until eleven
o'clock to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent; but when the hour of adjourn-
ment arrives the House by a majority can
determine to take a recess.
Mr. BANKS. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio will be in order after the
House agrees to the motion of the reception
of the embassy.
The question was on the motion of Mr.
Banks, that the Japanese embassy be received
by the House at eleven o'clock to-morrow, and
