1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
that a committee of five be appointed to make
arrangements.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I now move that at half past
four o'clock this afternoon the House take a
recess until eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I agree to that
as a modification of my proposition.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently announced the
appointment of Mr. Banks, Mr. L. Myers,
Mr. Ambler, Mr. Wood, and Mr. Morgan, as
the select committee to make arrangements
for the reception of the Japanese embassy.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands reported a
bill (H. E. No. 1852) to secure the public lands
to actual settlers; and moved that it be printed
and recommitted to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. MURCTTR, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary the bill (H. R. No. 1343) supplementary
to an act entitled "An act for the apportion-
ment of Representatives to_ Congress among
the several States according to the ninth
census;" and moved that it be printed and
recommitted to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. BRIGHT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1853) for the re-
moval of the political disabilities of sundry
persons; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
importation of altars.
Mr. SHELDON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1854) to author-
ize the Rev. Jeremiah Moynihan, of New Or-
leans, to import a set of marble altars free
of duty; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. SHELDON. I ask that the bill be now
put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that the
Rev. Jeremiah Moynihan, of New Orleans,
shall be permitted to import free of duty one
set of marble altars fbr the church of John
the Baptist, of the city of New Orleans, under
such rules and regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BANKS. I would ask the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon] if there is any
precedent, for a bill of this character.
Mr. SHELDON. Yes, sir, there are some
precedents, and I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] that
this is a very poor church, and that this set of
marble altars has been donated to it from
Ireland.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHELDON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latteiv motion was agreed to.
ELLEN PERKINS.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1855) for the relief
of Ellen Perkins; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT ON THE 1'ISIIEUIBS.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report back without
amendment the Senate concurrent resolution
for printing extra copies of the report of the
commissioner of fisheries, and to recommend
that the same be concurred in by the House.
The Clerk read the concurrent resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That five thousand extra copies
of the report of the commissioner of fish and fish-
eries be printed, fifteen hundred for the use of the
Senate, three thousand for the use of the House of
Representatives, and five hundred for the use of the
commissioner."
Mr. PENDLETON. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the concurrent resolution
was adopted.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider
the vote by which the concurrent resolution
was adopted; and also moved thai the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE POTOMAC RIVER.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Commerce was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition of C. E. Daily, T. H. Sypherd, L. S.
Abbott, E. H. Buxton, G. B. Whitney, G. O.
Wonder, and B. F. Shreeve, and other citi-
zens of Virginia and of the District of Colum-
bia, for an appropriation to build a free bridge
across the Potomac river; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
LIGHT-HOUSE AT HUDSON, NEW YORK.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask that the CommitLee
on Commerce be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of the common
council of the city of Hudson, New York, and
a large number of the citizens of said city
interested in the navigation of the Hudson
river, praying Congress to authorize the erec-
tion of a light-house near that city; and I ask
that it be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations with a favorable recommendation.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
REMOVAL OP POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. GARRETT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. tt. No. 1856) to relieve
certain citizens therein named of all legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment To the Constitution of the United
States ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
FREDERICK P. DIMPFEIi.
On motion of Mr. L. MYERS, by unan-
imous consent, the bill (S. No. 156) for the
relief of Frederick P. Dimpfel was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
MISS KETURAH COLE.
Mr. L. MYERS. There is also a Senate
bill upon the table, which has the sanction of
the Treasury, providing for the reissue of bonds
to an old lady, which have been destroyed by
water and mildew. I ask for its consider-
ation at the present time. It is the bill (S.
No. 94) for the relief of Miss Keturah Cole.
I ask that the bill be read for information.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue registered bonds
of the act of March 3, 1865, dated July 1,
1867, with interest from July 1, 1870, to Miss
Keturah Cole, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
in lieu of her five-twenty coupon bonds of a
like amount, numbered 112746 and 112747,
for $500 each; and 152249, 152250, 223208,
223209, and 223210, of 51,000 each, which
have been badly mutilated by mildew, and
parts of each bond have been destroyed ; pro-
vided that before issuing said new bonds the
Secretary of the Treasury shall require a suf-
ficient bond of indemnity, securing the Gov-
ernment against the presentation of any miss-
ings portions of them alleged to be destroyed;
and shall also require the remaining portions
of said bonds to be surrendered to the Treas-
ury Department.
Mr. HOLMAN. How does this bill come
before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
ask if there was any objection,
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I think a bill like
this ought to go to the Committee of Claims.
I have no doubt that it is all right, but the
precedent will be a dangerous one. The House
ought not to pass this bill without reference
to a committee.
Mr. L. MYERS. I hope before the gentle-
man objects he will allow me to make a state-
ment.
The SPEAKER. There is no necessity of
allowing the bill to be debated if the gentle-
man objects.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I must object.
The bill was then taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
SURETIES OP JESSE J. SIMPKINS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to report a bill from the Committee on the
Judiciary and to put it upon its passage now.
It is the House bill No. 1390, for the relief of
the sureties of the late Jesse J. Simpkins,
deceased. I ask that it be read for informa-
tion.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the sureties of Jesse J. Simpkins,
late of Norfolk, Virginia, deceased, upon his
bonds as collector and public depositary in said
Norfolk, shall be released and discharged from
all liability on said bonds to the'United States.
The second section authorizes the Attorney
General of the United States to demand and
receive from the State of Virginia all moneys
deposited with the State treasurer of said State
by the late Jesse J. Simpkins, deceased, and
when received to pay over the same into the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this bill before the House
for action ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
ask if there was objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Permit
me a moment. This bill has been before the
Committee on the Judiciary and is unanimously
reported. There is a report which shows the
facts of the case, and the reason why I brought
it up out of its turn is this, that the marshal is
about selling the property of the sureties.
The facts are these : Jesse J. Simpkins was a
collector in Norfolk, Virginia, at the breaking
out of the war. He tried to do his duty as well
as he could, and when the confederate general
ordered him to pay over the money in his hands
to the military authorities he went, as a com-
promise, and paid it into the treasury of the
State of Virginia, where the amount of $16,000
now lies as a special deposit to the credit of
the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my objection.
No objection being made, the bill was re-
ceived, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PATENTS AND COPYRIGHTS.
Mr. COX. 1 ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table and re- -
ferred to the Committee on the Library Senate
bill No. 583, to amend an act entitled''An act <,
to revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copyrights," approved
July 8,1870.
Mr. L. MYERS. This bill does not refer
to copyrights, and should be referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. COX. It refers to both; but I have nq
