2324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
ering that question. I read the statute of
1859, which limits the money to be paid by
Indians to the annuities due to them, and sec-
lion four of the aet of 1870, which expressly
and in terms forbids that any payment shall
be made to any person for any depredation
committed by Indians, unless that person
comes to Congress and in each individual
case presents his claim and asks the investi-
gation and action of Congress upon that claim.
I appealed to the Senate whether that was not
in these cases of depredation practically and
to all intents and purposes a denial of any
justice to the people who have been the suf-
ferers by them. Here are these claimants two
thousand miles away, on the average at least,
from the seat of Government at Washington.
The individual claims are mainly small ones;
the people holding them are poor; they can-
not in the very nature of thing3 come to Con-
gress, present each claim to Congress for its
action, and hopo for any justice, without pay-
ing more in actual expenses than«the claim
would amount to.
Mr. President, how was that statement met
in the Senate? Promptly and at once it was
met with a motion that the amendment lie on
the table. The honorable Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Frblisghuyses] proposed to turn
it out of the Senate as he would a mad dog,
without consideration, without compunction.
How was the statement met that I made on
the question of law ? It was met in the first
place by the assertion that these claims were
allowable to-day by the statutes as they stand.
Now, sir, that is a very delightful piece of
information to us if it is reliable. That will
bring joy to many a desolate homestead among
my constituents, and many a vacant pocket, I
assure you. I am inclined to think, however,
that that may possibly be a mistake, for I
observed that when I asked the Senator who
took that view for the particular section, ho
referred me to section sixty-seven of a statute,
and I find upon examination that there are
but thirty sections in that statute. That ref-
erence is very much like the references that as
a school-boy I remember were made to the
Bible, over in the back part of the book where
the leaves were torn off. "We are referred to
section sixty-seven of a statute where only
thirty sections exist.
Sir, I have sat here quietly and watched the
to me very novel deliberations upon the pas-
sage of this Indian appropriation bill. The
time has been devoted mainly in the deliber-
ation and discussion of this Indian appropri-
ation bill'between the adoption of very large,
and I think I can say very extravagant and
very ill-guarded amendments, to the bill for
Indians, and vague and general declamation
in regard to the sufferings and the wrongs of
the Indians. Sir, 1 have lived fifteen years
in the immediate neighborhood of Indians. I
know something practically of the character of
the Indian, and of the relations, so far as my
State is concerned, between the Indian and
the white man; and I stand here to-day to say
that during the fifteen years of my residence
in that State and neighborhood I cannot
recall a single instance that has come to my
knowledge of a "wrong committed to the per-
son or property of an Indian, and I can recall
many, too many, terrible cases of outrage and
atrocity that Indians liave committed upon
white settlers.
Why, Mr. President, I may refer to one
instance. In 1802 a settler named Wiseman
settled one hundred and fifty miles north
of Omaha in the county of Dixon, estab-
lished his home, brought his family there,
and proposed there to make his home for
life. When an appeal was made by this
country for soldiers to defend it, that man
left his family there upon the homestead and
enlisted in the service of the country. He
left there a boy of sixteen, a girl of fourteen,
a little boy of ten, and another little child of
four years of age, and he went to serve his
country and defend her flag. A band of Sioux
Indians passing that way, they attacked that
house. The boy of sixteen stood on the defen-
sive and was shot down in his tracks; the girl
of fourteen was seized, and brutally and ter-
ribly outraged, and then her skull crashed with
a club; the little hoy of ten started to run and
was shot down just as he reached the bushes;
the other little child of four running under the
bed, they amused themselves with striking at
him through the bed and seeing precisely how
near they could come to scalping him through
the bed, and afterward they_ pulled him out
and crossed his abdomen with their kuives.
Then they seized everything upon the farm and
in the house and went off with their booty. In
that condition the neighbors found the place,
and I myself was on the spot a very brief time
after it was done.
That is something which came under my per-
sonal observation. That man returned from
the defense of his country. He returned to
his desolate home ; and to-day, a poor crazed
idiot, that man is dependent upon the gener-
osity of his neighbors to support his life, and
he sees day after day the bounty of this Gov-
ernment poured into the laps of these very
Sioux Indians who desolated that homestead.
That is one incident; that is one of the wrongs
inflicted on our settlers. Not one dollar has
ever been given that man for all that injury.
That is a single instance which comes under my
personal knowledge and under my personal
observation. Does that amount to anything ?
Did these gentlemen ever hear of that? Have
our benevolent friends at the Bast ever heard
of an Indian outrage?
They tell us they see no reason why we
should invite claims against the Indian or
against the Indian annuities. I say that we
see and feel and know that we are entitled to
some general, well-defined, and specific plan
by which just claims of that nature can be
paid, and so long as I have the honor to occupy
a seat on this floor, I shall never cease work-
ing for what I believe to be a just right that
the pioneers of this country have.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the ameadment of the Senator trom
Nebraska.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I have another amend-
ment to offer:
Provided, That no annuity, either of money or
goods, provided l'or in this aet shall bo paid to tribes
which are at war with the United States; but if
portions of any tribe so at war remain at peace, and
observe their treaty obligations, payments may be
made pro rata to such portion, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior: And provided fur-
ther, That any annuity, either of money or goods,
appropriated by this act shall be liable and held for
the payment of any depredations oommitted by any
tribe for whom said annuity is appropriated.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator ought to
modify that before he asks for its adoption.
Itspeaks ofportions of tribes. That may mean
any individual or any family of any tribe. I
move to strike out all the words from " Uni-
ted States," in the third line, down to and
including tha word "Interior" in the sixth
line.
The amendment to the amendnfent was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HARLAN. How does it read now.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as
amended, reads:
Provided, That no annuity, either of money or
goods, provided for in this act shall be paid to tribes
which are at war with the United States; And pro-
vided farther, That any annuity, either of money or
goods, appropriated by this act shall be liable and
held for the payment of any depredations commit-
ted by any tribo for whom said annuity is appro-
priated.
Mr. HARLAN. That would be very dan-
gerous. The second clause of the amend-
ment would enable anybody who had a claim
against Indians for depredations to come here
and absorb the appropriation and the Indians
would be left on the hands of the Government
without any means of support whatever. This
question was discussed two years ago pretty
thoroughly, and the Senate then, on a direct
vote, incorporated a provision in the Indian
appropriation bill prohibiting the payment out
of these regularappropriations of such claims.
I might state a case or two, perhaps, that
would illustrate it. Take the case of the Kio-
was and Comanches, or the Arapahoes and
Cheyennes, who were at war with the United
States a few years ago, and were gathered up
from the plains and settled in the Indian ter-
ritory. Appropriations were made for their
support. Doubtless, depredation claims can
be figured up against these Indians sufficient
to absorb every dollar of the appropriations
for them in this bill. You would leave these
Indians on the hands of the Department with-
out a dollar for their support. They have no
vested funds whatever, and their only resource
would be to resort again to depredations on
the white people. Everybody knows if they are
not thus supported they will immediately re-
turn to their nomadic pursuits and will be
hovering ou the frontier and preying ou the
property of the frontier settlers.
Under the amendment the Senate has agreed
to, the last amendment preceding this offered
by the honorable Senator from Nebraska, it
will bo the duty of tho SecretaTy of tho Inte-
rior to examine these claims and report them
to Congress. Then Congress can make an
appropriation to pay each claim that is specific-
ally reported by the Department. It seems
to me that would be much safer than to order
their payment out of the appropriations made
to feed and clothe these Indians that are now
being supported by the Government, and have
no other resource whatever except preying on
the frontier settlements.
The amsndment, as amended, was rejected.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer an amendment
recommended by the Secretary of the Interior.
It carries out what was done in the appropri-
ation bill of 1868. The appropriation bill of
1868 provided that these Pottawatomie Indians
who had become citizens should havo their
proportion of their tribal funds set apart to
them and paid over to them. Since that time
another portion of them have become citizens,
and this provides that they shall have their
proportion. It is no appropriation of money
of the United States, but it provides that the
Pottawatomies who have become citizens shall
have their proportion. It is like the same
amendment that went into the appropriation
bill of 1868, which I have before me.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
For this amount to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to carry out the provisions of the third
article of the treaty with the Pottawatomies ol
November 15, 1861, as modified by the treaty of
March 29,1866, by paying to those members of the
tribe_ who aro entitled thereto under said treaty
provisions a pro ru(a share of their tribal fundd,
$54,099 13. Eor this amount to enable the Secretary
of the Interior to carry out the provisions of the
fourth article of the treaty with the Pottawatomies
of November 15,1861, as modified by the treaty of
March 29,1866, by paying to those members of the
tribe who are entitled to allotments of eighty-eight
acres of land each, the cash value of the same, esti-
mated at one dollar an acre, said amount to be
reimbursed from the proceeds of the sales of the
Pottawatomie land, $7,200, making in all, $61,299 13.
^ Mr. COLE. I think we ought to have a
little information as to what the condition of
these tribal funds is at this time. I do not
know. If the Senator will state that, I should
like him to do so.
Mr. POMEROY. It is all contained in the
report of the Secretary of the Interior.' They
have of the United States loan of 1862, Gov-
ernment bonds, $94,000; United States loan
of 1862, $50 000; State bonds of Missouri,
$5,000; State bonds of Indiana, $68,000.
Those are the funds.
Mr. COLE. I do not know that there is
enough to cover the whole.
Mr, POMEROY, Oh, y«s; they amount to
