1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
objection to the reference'the gentleman indi-
cates.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the'Speaker' s table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Patents.
industrial exposition a® vienna.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a communication from the Secretary
of State, transmitting papers relating to the
industrial exposition to be held at Vienna in
1873; which was -referred to the Committee
ojb Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. SPEEB, of Georgia. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce and hare passed at this
time, a bill to relieve certain citizens of Geor-
gia, therein named from their political disabil-
Mr. PERCE. I would like to amend the
bill by -the addition of some names I have
here.
Mr. WALLACE. I desire to add some
names.
Mr. CBITCHER. I ask to have some
navies added.
. Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. There are but a
few names in my bill and I desire to hare it
acted on now. The parties are importuning
me every day, and vexing me almost to death
to have their disabilities removed. I ask that
the bill I have introduced may be passed with-
out amendment.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 1857) was received, and read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides for remov-
ing political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States from George D.
Case, William McKinley, Lafayette Carring-
ton, and Samuel G. White, of Baldwin county;
Joseph A. Stewart, of Rockdale county;
George N. Lester, of Cobb county; J. W.
Wells, of Lowndes county; A. H. Sneed, of
Monroe county; Philip M. Iiussell, jr., War-
ing Russell, Levi S. Hart, John 0. Ferrill, and
John A. Staley, of Chatham county; William
Bzzard, and F. S. Hunt, of Fulton county;
Dayid J. Bailey, and James M. Bloodworth,
of Spalding county j JohnL. Barnett, William
II. Bankston, and James W. Harkness, of
Butts county 5 James S. Lawton, and Thomas
S. M. Bloodworth, of Monroe county; James
C. Bower, of Williamson county; Charles R.
Moore, of Ferrell county; Francis M. Swan-
son, of Jasper county; and William T. McCol-
lough, of Jones county, Georgia.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. There are several gentle-
men who have bills for the removal of polit-
ical disabilities. If there is no objection, they
will all be received now, embodied in one bill,
and passed.
No objection was made; and accordingly
several members presented lists of names
which were incorporated in a bill (H. R. No.
1858) for the relief of certain persons therein
named from the political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
Mr. CRITCHER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair "hopes that
hereafter if any gentleman has any bill for the
removal of disabilities that he desires to have
passed he will introduce it oa Monday.
order ot business.
Mr. KILLINGER. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order'being
called for, the morning hour will bow begin
at thirty-two minutes past twelve o'clock, and
the first business in order will be the call of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad for reports.
central pacific railkoad.
Mr. WHEELER. I have been instructed
by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad to
report back, with an amendment, House bill
No. 1553, relating to the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.
The question was on agreeing to the amend-
ment and ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The bill was read. The first section grants
one half of the island of Yerba Buena, or Goat
Island, in the bay of San Francisco, California.,
to the Central Pacifie Railroad Company^ its
successors and assigns, for a terminus for its
railroad; provided that said one half of said
island shall be selected and designated within
six months from the passage of this act, by or
under the authority of the President of the
United States; provided farther that this
grant is upon the express condition that the
Government of the United States reserves
the free use of the whole of said island for
military purposes during war, when deemed
necessary by the President of the United States.
The second section provides that nothing
therein contained shall destroy or impair any
lawful or equitable rights or claims of private
parties, if such exist, to the said island or any
Sart thereof; and authorizes the Central Pacific
;ailroad Company to locate and construct its
railroad and telegraph line from its present
terminus at Oakland to said island, and there
establish the western terminus of said railroad
and telegraph line; provided that this exten-
sion shall be subject to the charter, laws, and
conditions which now govern the construction
and existence of the Central Pacific railroad,
but no subsidy of any nature whatsoever is
intended to be or is given to the said Cen-
tral railroad; provided further that said rail-
road shall reach said island with its track
and occupy its designated portion thereof
within three .years from the passage of this
act; and it is further provided that the trestle
or pile-work over the channel shall be open
work so as to obstruct as little as possible the
flow of the water. The third section provides
that if at any time the wants of commerce or
naval communication shall require it, upon
the direction of the President of the United
States, the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany shall erect a draw-bridge over such
portion of the channel as the engineer depart-
ment of the United States shall direot. The
fourth section provides that any and all rail-
road companies shall have the right to run
their cars from the main land, over the track
of the Central Pacific Railroad Company, to
said island, and thereupon have reasonable
facilities and accommodations for doing busi-
ness, under such rules and regulations as shall
be prescribed by the said Central Pacific Rail-
road Company; but each company availing
itself of this privilege shall first pay to the
Central Pacific Railroad Company a just pro-
portion of the cost of the improvements on
said island, and the expenses incurred in reach-
ing the same from the main land; such pro-
portion to be measured and determined by the
benefits which said railroad company may derive
from the use of saidmain track and island; and
in ease of any disagreement between any such
railroad company and the said Central Pacific
Railroad "Company, a's to the amounts to be
paid, and as to the use and occupancy of said
track and island, the same shall be determined
by the Secretary of War, subject to the ap-
proval of the President of the United States ;
provided that the said Central Pacific Rail-
road Compa®y, and any other railroad com-
pany availing itself of the privileges of this
act, shall receive and deliver freight and pas-
sengers, which shall paSs over their lines of
road or any part thereof, without extra'charge,
at one or more points convenient for business
and travel on the western shore of said bay,
and within the corporate limits of the city of
San Francisco.
The SPEAKER. The Olerk will read an
amendment reported by the committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the word " assembled," in the
second line of the first section, down to the word
"provided" in the sixth line, and insert the fol-
lowing :
That the use of one half of the island of Yerba
Buena, or Goat Island, in the bay of San I?rancisco,
California, is hereby granted to the Central Pacific
Railroad Company, its successors and assigns, for a
terminus for its railroad, to be used exclusively for
railroad, purposes; and this grant shall continue so
long as the said premises shall be used by said com-
pany, its successors tad assigns, for the purposes
above named, and no longer.
Mr. McKINNEY. Mr. Speaker, is it in
order now to move amendments to this bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wheeler] has the floor.
Mr. WHEELER. This measure was re-
ported in the last Congress, where it encoun-
tered considerable objection and discussion,
and was lost by a single vote. To the bill now
reported the committee invite the closest scru-
tiny, and for it the widest discussion, believing
that its merits will warrant them.
The bill proposes that the use $f one half
of Goat Island, in the bay of San Francisco,
shall be granted to the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company for a terminus for its rail-
road, and for no other purpose, it being pro-
vided that whenever the company shall dis-
continue its use for that purpose the grant
shall cease. It is provided further that within
six months from the passage of this act the
President of the United States shall select the
half which the Government may desire to re-
tain for its own use. The bill provides further
that in the event of war the Government shall
have the right to resume the free use of the
entire island. Further, that nothing in the bill
shall impair the rights of private citizens. It
having been alleged by several individuals that
they have interests in this island, although it
has been determined by the Judiciary Com-
mittee in each branch of Congress that no such
interests exist, yet for the purpose of saving
any such rights which may possibly exist, the
bill provides that the rights of private citizens
shall not be impaired. The bill also provides
that the extension of the road from Oakland to
this island shall be subject to all the laws and
conditions which now govern the Central Paci lie
railroad as to freights, governmental transport-
ation, &c., and that the railroad shall occupy
its part of the island within three years after
the passage of this act. Further, that in order
to meet any objection coming from the enginepr
department, the trestle or pile-work over the
channel shall be open work, so as to obstruct
as little as possible the flow of the water.
Although there is now no commerce passing
around this island and through the channel
which the trestle-work will cross, it is pro-
vided in the bill that should thq necessities
of commerce or naval communication require
it, the company shall erect, under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States,
and under the supervision of the engineer
department, a draw-bridge. To prevent any-
thing like monopoly, all other companies are
allowed the same right to use the extension of
the railroad to this island as is extended to
the Central Pacific Railroad Company, upon
refunding to that company a just proportion
of the expenses of bridging and otherwise
