4116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 31,
empire, who, after receiving costly gifts from
foreign sovereigns with whom he had nego-
tiated treaties, felt a difficulty of conscience
in keeping them, and at last handed over their
value to a hospital, as he related to Mr. Adams,
then minister at St. Petersburg. The latter
was impressed by this Russian example, and
through his long career* as minister abroad,
Secretary of State, President, and Representa-
tive, always refused gifts, unless a book or
some small article in its nature a token and
not a reward or bribe.
The Constitution testifies against the taking
of gifts by officers of the United States, when
it provides that no person holding any office
of profit or trust under them shall, without
the consent of the Congress, accept of any
present or emolument, from any king, prince,
or foreign State. The acceptance of a pres-
ent or emolument from our own citizens was
left without constitutional inhibition, to be
constrained by the public conscience and the
just aversion to any semblance of bargain and
sale or bribery in the public service.
The case of our President is exceptional.
Notoriously he has taken gifts while in the
public service, some at least after he had been
elected President, until " the Galena tanner
of a few hundred dollars a year," to borrow
the words of toy colleague, [Mr. Wilson",]
one of his supporters, is now rich in houses,
lands, and stock, above his salary, being prob-
ably the richest President since George Wash-
ington. Notoriously he has appointed to his
Cabinet several among these " Greeks bearing
gifts," without seeming to see the indecorum,
if not the indecency of the transaction. At
least two if not three of these Greeks, hav-
ing no known position in the Republican
party or influence in the Country, have been
selected as his counselors in national affairs,
and heads of great departments of Govern-
ment. Again do I repeat the words of our
Scriptures, "A gift doth blind the eyes of the
wise." Again, the words of Washington, "If
I accepted this should I not henceforward be
considered a dependent?"
Nor does the case of the first Secretary of
State differ in character from the other three.
The President, feeling under personal obliga-
tion to Mr. Washburne for important support,
gave him a complimentary nomination, with
the understanding that after confirmation he
should forthwith resign. I cannot forget the
indignant comment of the late Mr. Fessetiden
as we passed out of the Senate Chamber, im-
mediately after the confirmation: "Who,"
said he, " ever heard before of a man-nomin-
ated Secretary of Slate merely as a compli-
ment?" Bat this is only another case of the
public service subordinated to personal con-
siderations.
Not only in the Cabinet but in other offices
there is reason to believe that the President
has been under the influence of patrons.
Why was he so blind to Thomas Murphy?
The custom-house of New York, with all its
capacity as a political engine, was handed
over to this agent, whose want of recognition
in the Republican party was outbalanced by
presidential favor, and whose gifts have be-
come notorious. And when the demand for
his removal was irresistible the President
accepted his resignation with an effusion of
sentiment natural toward a patron, but with-
out justification in the character of the retiring
officer.
Shakspeare, who saw intuitively the springs
of human conduct, touches more than once
on the operation of the gift. "I'll do thee
service for so good a gift," said Gloster to
Warwick. Then, again, how trulv spoke the
lord, who said of Timon,
  ""no gift to him
But breeds the giver a return exceeding-
Ail use of quittance
and such were the returns made by the Presi-
dent.
Thus much for gift-taking, reciprocated by
office. The instance is original and without
precedent in our history.-
THE PRESIDENCY A PERQUISITE.
I hai>e now completed the survey of the tw6
topical instances'—nepotism and gift-taking6ffi-
cially compensated—hi'which we are Compeltfe'd
to see the President. In'thesfc things he shows
himself. Here is no portrait drawn by critic
or enemy ; it is the original who stands forth,
saying, " Behold the generosity I practice to
my relations at the expense of the phblic ser-
vice, also the gifts I take, and then my way of
rewarding the patrons always at the expense
of the public service." In this open exhibi-
tion we see how the Presidency, instead of a
trust, has become a perquisite. Bad as are
these two capital instances, and important as
is their condemnation, so that they may not
become a precedent, I dwell On th'eui noW as
illustrating the Administration.' A President
that can 'do such things and not' redoghize at
once the error he has committed', shows that
supereminence of egotism under which Con-
stitution, International .Law, and municipal
law;, to say nothing of Republican Govern-
ment in its primary principles, are all subor-
dinated to the presidential will, and this is
personal government. Add an insensibility
to the honest convictions of others, and you
have a characteristic incident of this preten-
sion.
INSTANCES.
Lawyers cite what are called " leading
cases." A few of these show the presidential
will in constant operation with little regard to
precedent or reason, so as to be a caprice, if
it were not a pretension. Imitating the Popes
in nepotism, the President has imitated them
in ostentatious assumption of infallibility.
THE PRESIDENT'S INACOURAL ADDBESS.
Other Presidents have entered upon their
high office with a certain modesty and distrust.
Washington in his Inaugural address declared
his "anxieties," also his sense of "the mag-
nitude and difficulty of the trust"—'' awaken-
ing a distrustful scrutiny into his qualifica-
tions." Jefferson" in his famous Inaugural,
so replete with political wisdom, after declaring
his "sincere consciousness that the task is
above his talents," says:
"I approach it with those anxious and awful pre-
sentiments which the greatness of thecharKeand the
weakness of my powers so justly inspire," * *
* * "and I humble myself before the mag-
nitude of the undertaking."
Our soldier, absolutely untried in civil life,
entirely a new man, entering upon the sub-
limest duties, before which Washington and
Jefferson had shrunk, add in his Inaugural:
"The responsibilities of the position I feel,
but accept them without fear." Great prede-
cessors^ with ample preparation for the re-
sponsibilities, had shrunk back with fear. He
had none. Either he did not see the responsi-
bilities, or the Cajsar began to stir in his
bosom. In either case he was disqualified.
SELECTION OF HIS CABINET.
Next after the Inaugural address, his first
official act was the selection of his Cabinet, and
here the general disappointment was equaled
by the general wonder. As "the President
was little known except from the victories
which had commended him, it was not then
seen how^ completely characteristic was this
initial act. Looking back upon it we recog-
nize the pretension by which all tradition,
usage, and propriety were discarded, by which
the just expectations of the party that had
elected him were set at naught, and the
safeguards of constitutional government were'
subordinated to the personal, pretensions of
One Man. In this Cabinet were persons
having small relations with the Republican
party, and little position in the country, some
absolutely without claims from public service,
and some absolutely disqualified by the gifts
they had made to the President. "Such was
the political phenomenon presented for the
first time in American history, while reported
sayings of the President showed the simpli-
city with which he acted. To a committee
he described his Cabinet as his'" family"
with -which no stranger could be allowed to
interfere, and to a member of. Congress he
announced that he selected-his Cabinet "to
please himself and nobody else"—being good
rules unquestionably for the organization of
a household and the choice of domestics, to
which the Cabinet seem to have been likened.
This personal government flowered in the
Navy Department, where a gift-bearing Greek
was suddenly changed to a Secretary. No less
a personage than the grand old Admiral, the
brave, yet modest Farragut, was reported as
asking, on the 5th of March, the very day when
the Cabinet was announced, in unaffected igno-
rance, "Do you know anything of Borie?"
And yet this unconspicuous citizen, bearer of
gifts to the President, was constituted the
naval superior of that historic character. If
others.were less obscure, the Cabinet asaunit
was none the le.ss notable as the creature of
presidential will-where chance vied with favor-
itism as arbiter.
All this is so strange wh^n we consider the
true idea of a Cabinet. Though not named in
the Constitution, yet by virtue of unbroken usage
among us, and in harmony with constitutional
governments everywhere, the Cabinet has be-
come a constitutional body, hardly less than if
expressly established bythe Constitution itself.
Its members, besides being the heads of great
Departments, are the counselors of the Presi-
dent, with the duty to advise him of all matters
within the sphere of his office, being nothing
less than the great catalogue in the preamble
of the Constitution, beginning with duty to the
Union, and ending With, the duty to secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our pos-
terity. Besides undoubted, fitness for these
exalted responsibilities as head of a Depart-
ment, and as counselor, a member should
have such acknowledged position in the coun-
try that his presence inspires confidence and
gives strength to the administration. How
little these things were regarded by the Presi-
dent need not be said.
Unquestionably the President has a discre-
tion in the appointment of his Cabinet, but il
is a constitutional discretion, regulated by
regard for the interests of the country, and not
by mere personal will ; by statesmanship and
not by favoritism. A Cabinet is a national
institution and not a presidential perquisite,
unless our President is allowed to copy the
example of imperial Prance. In all consti-
tutional governments, the Cabinet is selected
on public reasons, and with a single eye to
the public service ; it is not in any respect the
"family" of the sovereign, nor is it "to please
himself and nobody else." English monarchs
have often accepted statesmen personally dis-
agreeable when' they had become representa-
tives of the prevailing party, as when George
III, the most obstinate of rulers, accepted Fox,
and George IV, as prejudiced as his father
was obstinate, accepted Canning, each bring-
ing to the service commanding abilities. By
such instances in a Constitutional government
is the Cabinet fixed as a constitutional and not
a personal body. It is only by some extraor-
dinary hallucination that the President of a
Republic dedicated to constitutional liberty
can imagine himself invested with a transform-
ing prerogative-above that of any English sOv-
ereign, by which his counselors are changed
from public officers to personal attendants,
and a great* constitutional body, in which all
citizens have a common interest, is made a
perquisite of the President.
APPROPRIATION OP THE OFFICES.
Marked among the spectacles which fol-
lowed, and kindred in character with the appro-«
pnation of the Cabinet as individual property,
was-the appropriation of the offices of the
