532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Mr. CONKLING. Then, does the Senator
withdraw his motion to postpone ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. No, I do not.
M-, CONKLING. I understand that the
question before the Senate now arises on a
motion to postponethis bill and all its amend-
ments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
pending question.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that the question
which the Senator wants to take the vote on
to-morrow at four o'clock?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I want to take the ques-
tion on that, and then on the bill that may be
agreed upon by the Senate, and all the amend-
ments, so that the subject may be disposed of.
Mr. CONKLING. That is, that to-morrow
at four o'clock we vote first on the motion to
postpone ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. If that motion prevails,
what then do we vote upon—taking up some
other bill?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Any amendment that
may be offered.
Mr, CONKLING. Then, we are asked to
agree now that to-morrow at four o'clock we
shall take the vote on the motion pending on
this bill, and if that motion prevails and this
bill passes away entirely, we shall then vote
upon any other bill that the Senator chooses
to bring forward.
Mr. liOBERISON. Any amendment that
may be offered to the bill'.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think such an
agreement as is proposed will quite do.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 asked unanimous
consent that the vote be taken to-morrow at
four o'clock. Is there objection?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say that! make
no objection to taking the vote on the pending
bill and all amendments to it at any hour to-
morrow the Senator will propose. I do not
wish to be understood as objecting to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say that after
the experience we have had 011 this very bill
and some others, of failing to keep the real
good faith of the Senate wiihout any person
being -personally responsible for it, I will not
agree to anything whatever. If my friend from
South Carolina wishes us to stay hereto-night
and tinish this question, then let us stay on;
but it is a waste of time and a mortification to
a good many people to find themselves en-
trapped by agreeing to takevot.es at particular
times, and I do not intend to do it.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall not agree to the
suggestion of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, because I desire to vote with him as near
as I can, and to-morrow afternoon at half past
four I shall not be here. Having said that, I
trust he will not push his motion -until after I
have an opportunity to come back. Now I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will withdraw that motion a moment, I will not
interfere.
Mr. CAMERON. I give way for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I had hoped to
be able to address myself for a few minutes to
the Senate upon this question to day, and, if
it does not interfere With the Senator's desire
to have an executive session, I rise for the
purpose of being able to do that to-morrow.
So I address the Chair now on the subject
before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine will be entitled to the floor
when this businesses resumed to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After twenty-one minutes spent in
executive session the doors were reopened,
and (at four o'clock and ten minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 23, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio,
by unanimous consent, the further reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour begins
at tliirt.y-two minutes past twelve o'clock, and
1 eports are first in order from the Committee
on Railways and Canals.
coal lands in the pacific states, etc.
Mr. WALDRON, from the Committee on
Mines and Mining, reported back House bill
No. 754, to grant the right of preemption to
coal lands on the public domain in the Pacific
States and Territories; and moved that it be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WALDRON. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee from California, [Mr.
Sargent.]
development of mining resources.
Mr. SARGENT, from the same committee,
reported bask, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1016) to pro-
mote the development of the mining resources
of the United States.
The bill was read. In its first section it pro-
vides that all valuable mineral deposits in lands
belonging to the United States, both surveyed
and unsurveyed, are hereby declared to be free
and open to exploration, and the landsin which
they are found to occupation and purchase by
all persons, under regulations prescribed by
law, and according to the local customs or rules
of miners, in the several mining districts, so
far as the same are applicable, and not in-
consistent with the laws of the United States.
In its second section, it provides that the
miners of each mining district may determine
the length of their mining claims upon veins
or lodes of quartz, or other rock in place, bear-
ing gold, silver, cinnabar, lead, tin, copper, or
ot her valuable deposits, subject to the following
limitations: claims located previous to July
26, 1866, shall be limited as to extent along
the vein or lode by the local laws or customs
existing at the date of the location. Single
claims located subsequent to July 26, 1866,
shall not exceed two hundred feet in length
alpng the vein or lode, with an additional claim
of two hundred feet for discovery to the dis-
coverer of the vein or lode. Several persons
may locate_ in common on a vein or lode, each
person taking one claim ; but 110 person, ex-
cept the discoverer, shall locate more than one
claim upon the same vein or lode, aud the
aggregate amount of a location in common
made subsequent to July 26, 1866, shall not
exceed three thousand feet in length along
the vein or lode. No claim shall extend more
than three hundred feet on each side of the
middle of thevein at the surface, nor shall any
claim be limited by any mining regulation to
less than twenty-five feet on each side of the
middle of the vein at the surface, except where
adverse rights existing at the passage of this
act, shall render such limitation necessary. The
end lines of each claim shall be parallel to
each other, and at right angles with the gen-
eral course of the vein. In its third section
it provides that the locators of all mining loca-
tions heretofore made, or which shall hereafter
be made, on any mineral vein, lode, or ledge,
situated on the public domain, their heirs and
assigns, where no adverse claim exists at the
passage of this act, so long as they comply with
the laws of the United States, and with State,
territorial, and local regulations, not in conflict j
therewith, governing their possessory title, |
shall have the exclusive right of possession j
and enjoyment of all the surface included
within the lines of their locations, and of all
v^ins, lodes, and ledges throughout their en-
tire depth, the top or apex of which lies inside
of such surface lines extended downward ver-
tically, although such veins, lodos, or ledges
may so far depart from a perpendicular in their
course downward as to extend outside the ver-
tical side lines of said surface locations; pro-
vided that their right of possession to such
outside parts of said veins or ledges shall be
confined to such portions thereof as he between
vertical planes drawn downward as aforesaid,
through the end lines of their locations, or
locations in common, so continued in their
own direction, that such planes will intersect
such exterior parts of said veins or ledges ; and
provided further, that nothing in this section
shall authorize the locator or possessor of a vein
or lode which extends in its downward course
beyond the vertical lines of his claim to enter
upon the surface of a claim owned or possessed
by another. In its fourth section it provides
that where a tunnel is run for the development
of a vein or lode, or for the discovery of mines,
the owners of such tunnel shall have the right
of possession of all veins or lodes, not pre-
viously known to exist, discovered in such
tunnel, to the extent of five hundred feet on
each side of the same ; *and locations on the
line of such tunnel of veins or lodes not ap-
pearing on the surface, made by other parties
after the commencement of the tunnel, and
while the same is being prosecuted with rea-
sonable diligence, shall be invalid. In its
fifth section it provides that the miners of each
mining district may make rules and regulations
not, in conflict with the laws of the Uniied
States, or with the laws of the State or Terri-
tory in which the district is situated, governing
the location, manner of recording, amount of
work necessary to hold possession of a mining
claim, subject to the following requirements:
the location must be distinctly marked 011 the
ground, so that its boundaries can be readily
traced. All records of mining claims here-
atter made shall contain the name or names
of the locators, the date of location, and such
a description of the claim or claims located by
reference to some natural objector permanent
monument as will identify the claim. After
the passage of this act, and until a patent
shall have been issued, not less than twenty-
five dollars' worth of labor shall be expended
or improvements made upon each claim of two
hundred feet during each year; but claimants
in common, as defined in the second f-ection
of this act, may cause all the labor to be
expended for improvements to be made upon
any one claim; provided that the aggregate
amount equals twenty-five dollars a year to
each claim of two hundred feet. And upon
a failure to comply with this condition the
claim or mine upon which such failure occurred
shall be open to relocation in the same man-
ner as if no location of the same had ever been
made; provided that the original locator has
not resumed work upon the claim after such
failure and before such location ; and provided
further, that no such mining regulation or cus-
tom not in existence at the time of possession
taken of any claim shall affect the same or the
manner in which a patent therefor shall be
obtained under this act. In its sixth section
it provides that a patent for any land claimed
and located for valuable mineral deposits may
be obtained in the following manner: any per-
son, association, or corporation having claimed
and located a piece of land for such purposes,
not exceeding in extent the area prescribed in
this act, who has or have complied with the
milling regulations, where any such exist at the
place of location by the custom of miners, and
with the termsof thisact, may filem thenearest
land office an application for a patent, under
oath, showing such compliance, together with
a piat or plats of the claim or chains in com-
mon. and shall post a copy of such plat or
plats, together with a notice of intention to
