3220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
is not informed of the least cost at which head-
blocks made of hot cast porcelain could bo fur-
nished.
" The board further recommends that where paint-
ed head-boards already mark the graves, the new
blocks should not be substituted, until the wooden
marks are decayed,
"That where the graves are not thus marked
the quartermaster's department proceed to mark
them with the blocks recommended in the former
reports; but the contract bo subject to annulment
at any time, and that new contracts be entered
into for head-blocks of other material whenever it
is shown to be desirable. -
" Brevet Major General M. C. Meigs, Quartermas-
ter General United States Army, in a note adds that
he is of the opinion that the process of marking all
the graves with permanent marks should at once be
begun and fteadily prosecuted to completion ; and
that contractsshould be made for all the head-blocks
needed, based upon the specifications and condi-
tions already published.
With the report General Ruckor also forwarded
new sa mples of cast-iron head-blocks, zinked, with a
number only thereon, estimated to range in price
from fifty cents to one dollar each, and marble head-
stones with a number only thereon, estimated to
cost about one dollar and fifty cents each, and rec-
ommended that the cast-iron head-blocks, with
number thereon, large size, at one dollar each, bo
adopted, "provided it shall be deemed too expen-
sive to erect stone blocks, after definitely ascertain-
ing the true cost of the same."
Tho greater portion of that report referred to
permanent iences and lodges. It was returned to
this office on January 3,18(38. with the following in-
dorsement :
"Eref.t the fences and lodges, but do nothing
about the head-stones.
" By order of the Secretory of War.
" ED. SCHRIVEIl, Li vector General.
44 January 3,1868."
[n a. report to the Secretary of War of December
22. 1868, tho Quartermaster General (General M. 0.
Meigs) said:
141 do not concur in the recommendations of tho
acting Quartermaster General, (abovo cited.) 1
havosisou no pattern of cast-iron head-blocks so suit-
able as those upon which tho advertisement and
specifications of 18(56 were based; and I think that
tho monument placed nt tho head of each grave
should bear the name of the occupant as well as the
number of the grave.
" I do not believe that those who visit tho graves
of their relatives would have any satisfaction in
finding them ticketed and numbered like London
policemen, or convicts. Every civilized man desires
to have lun fnoud's namo marke'd on his monu-
ment."
In the annual reports of tho Quartermaster Gen-
eral for tho years 1868, 186*3. 1870, and 1871, attention
has Ixscn invited to the subject of marking perma-
nently the soldiers' gravos, without eliciting, how-
ever, any instructions to carry into effect tho law of
J?\ y 22,1867.
A variety ot samples of iron blocks, zinked.
painted, and enameled, and of marble, granito,
limestone, sandstone, slate, and concrete blocks,
have bwen filed in this olliee, marked at informal
prices in «omo instances, varying from ono to throo
dojhirs each. No definite price can bo furnished
exempt in oai-'o of the zinked cast-iron head-blocks
advertised for in 1866.
in a discussion in tho Sonate of the United States,
(Congressional Globe, 1867, page540,)Senators Wado,
Kamsky, nnd ConnesH opposed the form and mate-
rial adopted by tho War Department.
It will thus bo soon that no iurthor legislation is
ntHHWu-y, except to provide an appropriation to
carry out that part ot the act of February 22,18G7,
which requires permanent head-blocks, the balance
of tho ;<ppioprintion made by t.lmt act having
reverted to tho Treasury, under tho provisions of
act of Congress of July 12, 187U.
Very respectfully, your obedientservant,
ItOli. ALLEN,
Acting Quartermaster General.
Hon. JotTN Coburn, M. C., Chairman of Committee on
Military Affairs, /louse of Represent at ives.
Boston, March 7,1872.
To whom it may concern :
Wo will furnish, of light blue marble, tho head-
stones, say 2oXl0 inches, one inch thick, oval tops,
nine inches of same to be wedge-shape to sot in tho
ground, lettered, (number of letters not to exceed
thirty on an average to a stone,) faco polished, let-
tersunpoh.shed, for, each $2 85
23X10, two inches thick, oval tops, otherwise same
as first mentioned, each S3 45
23X10, one inch thick, square tops, otherwise same
as first mentioned, each $2 65
23X10,two inches thick, square tops,other wise same
as first mentioned, each $3 25
27 <10, one inch thick, oval top, otherwise same as
first mentioned, each  $3 00
27X10, two inches thick, oval tops, otherwise same
as first mentioned, each $3 75
27X10. one inch thick, square top, otherwise same
as above mentioned, each §2 80
27X10, tviomches thick, square top, otherwise same
as fir«t mentioned, each $3 50
These prices are delivered on board cars or vessel
at Bos ton. A. S. & J. GEAR & CO.
Mr. COBURN. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AUGUSTA ARSENAL, GEORGIA.
Mr. SLOCUM, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back a bill (S. No. 626)
to authorize the sale of certain public property
at Augusta, Georgia, with a substitute.
The Senate bill, which was read, provides
that the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized to effect the sale of a tract of one
hundred and sixty-eight acres of land, more
or less, situated about two miles and a half
from the present United States arsenal at
Augusta, Georgia, which comprises the site
of the old United States arsenal and the ad-
joining land purchased by the so-called con-
tederate States, which fell to the United States
as captured property, and of all the material
and buildings of the powder-works, erected by
the so-called confederate government thereon,
on the most advantageous terms to the United
States.
The first section of the substitute, which
was read, provides that all after the enacting
clause be stricken out, and the following
inserted in lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and diiected to hell, in whole, or m sucli
subdivisions sis shall, in his opinion, secure the
greatest uinount ot money, either by public auction,
or by inviting proposals ior tbe pureliase thereof,
and in either ease to tho highest bidder, all tho
lands and tenements belonging to the United States
at Home, New York ; Vorgennes, Vermont; Fayette-
ville, North Caioliua; Mount Vernon, Alabama;
and Chattahoochee, Florida, now or heretofore used
for arsenal purposes, and known, respectively, as
Home arsenal, Ohaiuplain arsenal, North Carolina
arsenal, Mouut Vernon arsenal, and Appalaeh-
leola arsenal; also the captured lauds and tene-
ments belonging to the United States at. Shreve-
pert, Louisiana, Marshall and Jefierson, Texas, and
111 Marion and Davis counties, Texas, and a
tract of ono hundred and sixty-eight acres of
land, more or less, situated about two and a half
miles lrom tho present United States arsenal at
Augusta, Georgia, which comprises the site of the
old United States arsenal and the adjoining land
purchased by tho so-called confederate States,
which fell to tlM United States as captured prop-
erty, and all of^c material and buildings of tho
powder-works oreetcd by tho so-called confederate
government thoreon: Provided, That no sale shall
be mado under this act until the time, terms, place
and tnodo thereof shall have been published in one
ot the principal newspapers in the city of Washing-
ton. in two of the principal papers printed at the
capital of tho State, and one paper printed in
tho county in which tho arsonal or lands to be sold
are situated, for thespaoe of sixty days prior to the
sale. If no newspaper is printed in tho county
where tho property to bo sold is situated, then tho
notico shall bo published in a newspaper printed in
any adjoining county.
The second section of the substitute pro-
vides that the terms of payment for the prop-
erty above directed to be sold shall be in all cases
not less than one fourth cash, and the remainder
on a credit of one, two, and three years, with
interest at six per cent, per annum, secured
by bond and surety from the purchaser or
purchasers, and the Secretary of War is em-
powered and required, on receiving the pur-
chase-money in full, to execute all necessary
deeds of said property to the purchaser or
purchasers thereof on behalf of the United
States.
The third section of the substitute provides
that the proceeds of said sales, after paying
the necessary expenses thereof, shall, upon
receipt of the same, be paid by the Secretary
of War into the Treasury.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the ^
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLOCUM. I move that the title be
amended by striking out the words "at
Augusta, Georgia."
The motion was agreed to.
INSPECTOR GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the iecommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 2136) to
authorize an appointment in the Inspector
General's department.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
President to nominate, and, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint,
Nelson H. Davis, of the Inspector General's
department, to the rank and place therein to
which he is entitled, and which he would have
held had the law of promotions by seniority.
under the act of March 3, 1851, and the Army
regulations of 1863 been carried out; pro-
vided that no officer in said department shall,
by this act, be reduced from his present grade,
nor shall any pay or allowance be made to
any officer under it except from the date of
bis confirmation; and provided further that
no promotion to the grade of Inspector Gen-
eral shall hereafter be made until the uumber
of inspectors general is reduced to four.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it wag
accordingly read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAJOR ABUASI 15BELER.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1829)
for the settlement of the accounts of Ma-
jor Abram Beeler, late paymaster of United
Stales volunteers.
The bill was read, it authorizes the ac-
counting officers in the Third Auditor's office
of the Treasury Department to settle the
account of Major Abram Beeler, late pay-
master of United States volunteers, and credit
him with such amount and items as stand
charged against him, and which they may
reasonably believe he could have accounted
for and had credited to his account had he not
been suddenly killed by guerrillas, while in
the discharge of his duty, on the 27th of Octo-
ber, A. D. 1864.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it w^S
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN L. BULLARD.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. Ii. No. 1428) for
the relief of John L. Bullard.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury,
in settling and adjusting the accounts ol John
L. Bullard, late captain and commissary of
subsistence of United States volunteers, to
credit said John L. Bullard, late captain aod
commissary of subsistence of United States
volunteers, with the sum of $9,090 50, being
the amount of Government funds which was
disbursed by him, without his default, on
forged certificates for commutation ot rations
of prisoners.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
according read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
