1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4117
country, to which I refer in this place even at
the expense of repetition. Obscure and unde-
serving relations, marriage connections, per-
sonal retainers, Army associates, friends of
unknown fame and notable only as personal
friends or friends of his relations, evidently
absorbed the presidential mind daring those
months of obdurate reticenee when a generous
people supposed the Cabinet to be the all-
absorbing thought. Judging by the facta, it
would seem as if the chief and most spontan-
eous thought was how to exploit the appoint-
ing power to his own personal behoof. At this
period the New York custom-house presented
itself to the imagination, and a letter was writ-
ten consigning a military dependent to the
generosity of the collector. You know the
rest. Dr. Johnson, acting as executor in sell-
ing the distillery of Mr. Thrale, said, " We
are not selling a parcel of tubs and vats ; we
are selling the potentiality of growing rich
beyond the dreams of avarice." If the Presi-
dent did not use the sounding phrase of the
great English moralist, it is evident that his
military dependent felt in that letter all the
" potentiality" advertised in the earlier case,
and he acted accordingly.
It is not necessary to say that in these
things there was departure from the require-
ments of law, whether in the appointment of
his Cabinet or of personal favorites, even in
return for personal benefactions, although it
was plainly unrepublican, offensive, and inde-
fensible ; but this same usurping spirit, born
of an untutored egotism, brooking no restraint,
showed itself in another class of transactions,
to which 1 have already referred, where law
and Constitution were little regarded.
presidential assault os safeguard op thb
TREASURY.
First in time and,very indigenous in char-
acter was the presidential attempt against one
of the sacred safeguards of the Treasury, the
original workmanship of Alexander Hamilton,
being nothing less than the "'act to establish the
Treasury Department." Here was an import-
ant provision that no person appointed to any
office instituted by the act " shall directly or
indirectly be concerned or interested in car-
rying on the business of trade or commerce,"
and any person so offending was declared
guilty of a high misdemeanor, and was to for-
feit to the United States $8,000, with removal
from office, and forever thereafter to be.inca-
pable of holding any office under the United
States. (Statutes-at-Large, Vol. .1, p. 67,
September 2, 1789.) From the beginning this
statute had stood unquestioned, until it had
acquired the character of fundamental law.
And yet the President, by a special message
dated March 6, 1869, being the second day of
his first service as a civilian, asked Congress
to set it aside so as to enable Mr. Stewart, of
New York, already nominated and confirmed
as Secretary of the Treasury, to enter upon
the duties of this office. This gentleman was
unquestionably the largest merchant who had
transacted business in our country, and his
imports were of such magnitude as to clog
the custom-house. If the statute was any-
thing but one of those cob-webs which catch
the weak but yield to the rich, this was the
occasion for it, and the President should have
yielded to no temptation against it. The inde-
corum of his effort stands out more painfully
eminent when it is considered that the mer-
chant for whom he wished to set aside a time-
honored safeguard was one of those from whom
be had received gifts.
Such was the accommodating disposition of
the Senate, that a bill exempting the presi-
dential benefactor from the operation of the
statute was promptly introduced, and even
read twice, until, as it seemed about to pass,
I felt it my duty to object to its consideration,
saying, according to the Globe, "I think it
ought to be most profoundly considered before
it is acted oil by the Senate." This objection
caused its postponement. The country was 11
startled. By telegraph the general anxiety
was communicated to Washington. At the
next meeting of the Senate, three days later,
the President sent a message requesting per-
mission to withdraw the former message. But
he could not withdraw the impression produced
by such open disregard of the law to pro-
mote his personal desire.
ilueoair military king at executive mansion.
The military spirit which failed in the effort
to set aside a fundamental law as if it were a
transient order was more successful at the
Executive Mansion, which at once assumed
the character of military headquarters. To
t'he dishonor of the civil service and in total dis-
regard-of precedent, the President surrounded
himself with officers of the Army, and substi-
tuted military _ forms fof those of civil life,
detailing for this service members of his late
stalf. The earliest public notice of this mili-
tary occupation appeared in the Daily Morn-
ing Chronicle of March 8, 1809, understood
to be the official organ of the Administration :
"President Grant was not at the White House
yesterday, but the following members of his staff
were occupying the Secretaries' rooms and acting as
such; Generals Baboock, Porter, Badeau,and Dent."
This is to be regarded not only in its strange
blazonry of the presidential pretension, but
also as the first apparition of that minor mili-
tary ring in which the President has lived ever
since.
Thus installed, Army officers became secre-
taries of the President, delivering his messages
to both Houses of Congress, and even authen-
ticating presidential acts as if they were mili-
tary orders. Here, for instance, is an official
communication:
Executive Mansion, March 15,1869.
To Robust Martin Douglas, esq.:
Sir; You are hereby appointed Assistant Private
Secretary to the President, to date from March 15,
1869.
By order of the President.
HORACE PORTER,
Brevet Brigadier General, Secretary.
Mark the words, "by order of the Presi-
dent," and then the signature, " Horace Porter,
Brevet Brigadier General, Secretary."
The presidential pretension which I exhibit
on the simple facts, besides being of doubtful
legality to say the least, was of evil example,
demoralizing alike to the military and civil
service, and an undoubted reproach to repub-
lican institutions iu that primary principle,
announced by Jefferson in his first Inaugural
Address, " the supremacy of the civil over the
military authority." It seemed only to remain
that the President should sign his messages
"Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the
United States." Evidently a new order of
things had arrived.
Observe the mildness of my language when
I call this presidential pretension of doubt-
ful legality. The law shall speak for itself.
Obviously it was the same for our military
President as for his predecessors, and it was
recent also:
''The President is hereby authorized to appoint a
private secretary at an annual salary of $3,500, an
assistant secretary at an annual salary ot $2,500,
a short-hand writer at an annual salary of $2,500, a
clerk of pardons at an annual salary of $2,000, and
three clerks of the fourth class."—Statutes at Large.
Vol. XIV, p. 206.
It cannot be doubted that this provision was
more than ample, for Congress by act of July
23, 1808, repealed so much as authorized a
clerk of pardons, and also one of the three
clerks of the fourth class. Therefore, there
could be no necessity for a levy of soldiers to
perform the duties of secretaries, and the con-
duct of the President can be explained only
by tbe supposition that he preferred to be sur-
rounded by Army officers rather than civilians,
continuing in the Executive Mansion the tra-
ditions of headquarters—all of which, though
agreeable to him and illustrating his character,
was an anomaly and a scandal.
In extenuation of this indefensible preten-
sion, we have been reminded of two things:
first, that according to the record Washington
sent his first message by General Knox, when
in fact General Knox held no military office
at that time, but was actually Secretary of
War; and secondly, that the .military officers
now occupying the Executive Mansion, are
detailed for this service without other salary
than that of their grade. As .the Knox prece-
dent is moonshine, the minor military ring can
be vindicated only as a "detail" for service in
the Executive Mansion.
Here again the law-shall speak. By act of
Congress of March 3, 1863, it is provided that
"details to special service shall only be made
with the consent of the commanding officer of
forces in the field; " but this, it will be seen,
refers to a sta,te of war. Congress by act of
July 16, 1866, authorized the President "to
detail from the Array all the officers and agents
of this Bureau,'' [ for the rel ief of Freedmen and
Refugees.] (Statutes-at-Large. Vol. XIV, p.
174 ;) also by act of July 28,1868, to " detail"
officers of the Army, not exceeding twenty at
any time, to act as President, Superintendent,
or Professor in certain colleges. (Ibid., Vol.
XIV, p. 336.) And then again by July 15,
1870, it provided that " any retired officer may,
on his own application, be detailed to serve as
professor in any college." (Ibid., Vol. XVJ,
p. 320.) As there is no other statute authorizing
details, this exceptional transfer of Army offi-
cers to the Executive Mansion can be main-
tained only on some undefined prerogative.
_ The presidential pretension, which is con-
tinued to the present time, is the more unnat-
ural when it is considered that there are at
least three different statutes in which Congress
has shown its purpose to limit the employment
of military officers in civil service. As long
ago as July 5, 1838, it was explicitly provided
that no Army officers should be separated
from their regiments and corps "for employ-
ment on civil works of internal improvement
or be allowed to engage in the service of in-
corporated companies;" nor any line officer
to be acting paymaster or disbursing agent
for the Indian department, if such extra
employment require that he be separated from
his regiment or company or otherwise inter-
fere with the performance of the military duties
proper." (Statutes at-Large, Vol. V, p. 200.)
Obviously the will of Congress is here declared
that officers should not be alluwed to leave
their posts for any service which might inter-
fere with the performamce of the military
duties proper. This language is explicit.
Then came the act of March 30, 1867, which
provides that "any officer of the Army or
Navy of the United States who shall, after
the passage of this act, accept or hold any
appointment in the diplomatic or consular ser-
vice of the Government, shall be considered
as having resigned his said office, and the place
held by him in the military or naval service shall
be deemed and taken to be vacant." (Ibid.,
Vol. XV, p. 125.) To a considerate and cir-
cumspect President who recognized the law
in its spirit as well as its letter this provision,
especially when reenforced by the earlier stat-
ute, would have been a rule of action in anal-
ogous cases, and therefore an insurmountable
obstacle to a pretension which takes Army
officers from their proper duties and makes
them presidential secretaries. A later statute
adds to the obstacle. By act of Congress of
July 15, 1870, it is provided—
"That it shall not be lawful for any officer of tbe
Ann3; of the United States on the active list to hold
anu civil office, whether by election. or appointment, and
any such officer accepting or excrcimny thefuncHonz
of a civil oi^ceshall at ouce cease to be an officer of
the Army, and his commission shall be vacated thci'y-
by."—Statutes-at-Large, Vol. XVI, P. 319.
It is difficult to imagine anything plainer than
these words. No Army officer not on the
retired list can hold any civil office; and then
to enforce the inhibition, it is provided that in
" accepting or exercising the functions" of
such office the commission is vacated. Now,
the Blue Book, which is our political almanac,
has under the head of "Executive Mansion,"
