1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
533
apply for a patent therefor, in a conspicuous
place on the land embraced in such plat or
plats, sixty days previous to such application
for a patent, and shall file an affidavit, of at
least two persons, that such notice has been
duly posted as aforesaid, and shall file a copy
of said notice in such land office, shall there-
upon be entitled to a patent for said land, in
the manner following: the register of the land
office, upon the filing of such application and
plat, notices and affidavits, shall publish a
notice that such application has been made,
for the period of sixty days, in a newspaper to
be by him designated as published nearest to
said claim; and he shall also post such notice
in his office for the same period. The claim-
ant, at the time of filing this application, or at
any time thereafter, within the sixty days of
publication, shall file with the register a certifi-
cate of the United States surveyor general that
$500 worth of labor has been expended or im-
provements made upon the claim, by himself
or grantors; that the plat is correct, with such
further description by such reference to nat-
ural objects or permanent monuments as shall
identify the claim, and furnish an accurate
description to be incorporated in the patent.
At the expiration of the sixty days of publica-
tion the claimant shall file his affidavit, showing
that the plat and notice have been posted in a
conspicuous place on the claim during said
period of publication. Ifno adverseclaitn shall
have been filed at the expiration of the sixty
days of publication, it shall be assumed that the
applicant is entitled to a patent, and that no
adverse claims exist; and thereafter no objec-
tion from third parties to the issuance of a
patent shall be heard, except it be shown that
the applicant has failed to comply with this
act. In its seventh section it provides that
where an adverse claim shall be filed during
the period of publication all proceedings, ex-
cept the publication of notice and making and
filing of the affidavit thereof, shall be stayed
until the controversy shall have been settled or
decided by a court of competent jurisdiction,
or the adverse claim waived. It shall be the
duty of the adverse claimant, within thirty
days after filing his claim, to commence pro-
ceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction,
to determine the question of the right of pos-
session, and prosecute the same with reason-
able diligence to final judgment; and a failure
so to do shall be a waiver of his adverse claim.
After such judgment shall have been rendered,
the party entitled to the possession of the
claim, or any portion thereof, may file a certi-
fied copy of th.e judgment-roll with the regis-
ter of the land office, together with the certifi-
cate of the surveyor general that the requisite
amount of labor has been expended, or im-
provements made thereon, and the description
required in other oases, and shall pay to the
receiver five dollars per acre for his claim, to-
gether with the proper fees, whereupon the
whole proceedings and the judgment-roll shall
be certified by the register to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and a pat-
ent shall issue thereon for the claim, or such
portion thereof as the applicant shall appear,
from the decision of the court, to rightfully
possess. If it shall appear from the decision
of the court that several ^parties are entitled
to separate and different portions of the claim,
each party may pay for his portion of the
claim, with the proper fees, and file the cer-
tificate and description by the surveyor gen-
eral, whereupon the register shall certify the
proceedings and judgment-roll to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, as in.
the preceding case, and patents shall issue to
the several parties according to their respect-
ive rights. In its eight section it provides that
the description of vein or lode claims upon
surveyed lands shall designate the location of
the claim with reference to the lines of the
public surveys, but need not conform there-
with ; but where a patent shall be issued as
aforesaid for claims upon uusurveyed lands,
the surveyor general, in extending the surveys,
shall adjust the same to the boundaries of such
patented claim, according to the plat or de-
scription thereof, but so a3 in no case to inter-
fere with or change the location of any such pat-
ented claim. In.its ninth section it provides
that sections one, two, three, four, and six of an
act entitled " An act granting the right of way
to ditch and canal owners over the public lands,
and for other purposes," approved July 26,
1866, are hereby repealed, but such repeal shall
not affect existing rights, or prevent claimants
now prosecuting their claims for patents from
proceeding under said act; provided that this
act shall be enforced as to such claims where
it is not inconsistent with the act approved
July 26, 1866, aforesaid. In its tenth section
it provides that the act to amend an act
granting the light of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands, and for other
purposes,_ approved July 9, 1870, shall be
and remain in full force, except as to the pro-
ceedings to obtain a patent, which shall be
similar to the proceedings prescribed by sec-
tions six and seven of this act for obtaining
patents to vein or lode claims; but where said
placer claims shall be upon surveyed lands,
and conform to legal subdivisions, no further
survey or plat shall be required, and joint
entries shall be allowed for contiguous claims,
as provided in said act; provided that pro-
ceedings now pending may be prosecuted to
their final determination under existing laws ;
but the provisions of this act, when not in con-
flict with existing laws, shall apply to such
cases. In its eleventh section it provides that
where the same person, association, or cor-
poration js in possession of a placer claim, and
also a vein or lode included within the bound-
aries thereof, application shall be made for a
patent for the placer claim, with the statement
that it includes such a vein or lode, and in such
case (subject to the provisions of this act and
the act to amend an act granting the right of
way to ditch and canal owners over the public
lands, and for other purposes, approved July 9,
1870,) a patent shall issue for the placer claim,
including such vein or lode, upon the payment
of five dollars per acre for such vein or lode
claim, and one hundred feet of surface on each
side thereof. The remainder -of the placer
claim, or any placer claim not embracing any
vein or lode claim, shall be paid for at the
rate of $2 60 per acre, together with all costs
of proceedings ; and where a vein or lode,
such as is described in the second section of
this act, is known to exist within the bound-
aries of a placer claim, an application for a
patent for such placer claim which does not
include an application for the vein or lode
claim shall be construed as a conclusive dec-
laration that the claimant of the placer claim
has no. right of possession of the vein or lode
claim; but where the existence of a vein or
lode in a placer claim is not known, a patent
for the placer claim shall convey all valuable
mineral and other deposits within the bound-
ariesthereof. In itstwelfih section it provides
that the surveyor general of the United States
may appoint in each land district containing
mineral lands as many competent surveyors as
shall apply for appointment to survey mining
claim. The expenses of the survey of vein or
lode claims, and the survey and subdivision of
placer claims into smaller quantities than one
hundred and sixty acres, together with the cost
of publication of notices, shall be paid by the
applicants, and they shall be at liberty to
obtain the same at the most reasonable rates,
and they shall also be at liberty to employ any
United States deputy* surveyor to make the
survey. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office shall also have power to establish
the maximum charges for surveys and public-
ation of notices under this act; and in case
of excessive chaiges for publication, he may
designate any newspaper published in a land
district where mines are situated for the pub-
lication of mining notices in such district, and
fix the rates to be charged by such paper. And
to the end that the Commissioner may be fully
informed on the_ subject, each applicant shall
file with the register a sworn statement of all
charges and fees paid by said applicant for
publication and surveys, together with all
fees_ and money paid the register and the
receiver of the land office, which statement
shall be transmitted with the other papers in
the case to the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office. The fees of the register and
the receiver shall be the same as in other cases
for similar services; provided that nothing
in this act shall be construed to enlarge or
affect the rights of either party in regard to
any property in controversy at the time of the
passage of the act entitled "An act grautiug
the right of way to ditch ajid canal owners
over the public lands, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20, 1866; nor shall this act affect
any right acquired under said act. In its thir-
teenth section it, provides that all affidavits
required to be made under this act, or the act
of which it is amendatory, may be verified
before any officer authorized to administer
oaths within the land district where the claims
may be situated, and all testimony and proofs
may be taken before any such officer, and
when duly qertified by the officer taking the
same shall have the same force and effect as
if taken before the register and the receiver
of the land office; provided that in all cases
of contest such testimony and proqfs shall only
be taken on at least ten days' personal notice
to the opposing parties, when such parties can
be found ; and if they cannot be found, then
by at least forty days' publication in a news-
paper published nearest to the location of said
claims; and the register of the land office shall
require proof that such notice has been given.
The fourteenth section provides for the re-
peal of all acts and parts of acts inconsistent
therewith.
The amendments reported by the committee
were as follow;
i( In section six, line eight, strike out the word
([ nearest," and insert in lieu thereof the word
" proper ;"so that it will read, " may filem the proper
land office."
In section twelve, line twenty-nine, after the word
" passage," insert the words " of this act or;" so that
it will read, "that nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to enlarge or affect the rights of either party
in regard to any property in controversy at the timo
of the passage of this act, or of the act."
In section twelve, line thirty-three, insert at the
close ot the section the following:
And nothing in this act shall be construed to
repeal, impair, or in any way affect the provisions
of the act granting to A. Sutro the right of way and
other privileges to aid in the construction of a drain-
ing and exploring tunnel in the Uomstoek lode, in
the State of Nevada, approved July 25, ]8d6.
The amendments reported by the committee
were agreed to.
The question was on ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield to the gentleman
from Colorado [Mr. Chaffee] to offer an
amendment.
Mr. CHAFFEE. T offer the following amend-
ment :
In section six, line eleven, after the word "com-
mon," insert the following: " made by or under tho
direction of the United States surveyor general,
showing accurately the boundary of the claim or
claims."
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
that amendment, but of course, as I report
the bill from the committee, I am not entitled
to accept it.
The amendment was agreed to.
*Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargent.] This bill, so far as I am able to
judge from the reading of it, seems to intro-
duce a change in the policy of the Goverment
with regard to mineral lauds. T judge from its
character that it is an important piece of legis-
lation. It will be seen, from the date of the
introduction of the bill, that scarcely a week
has elapsed since it was introduced, auda still
