18*72.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
42d Cong 2d Sess.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Coburn.
Ho. of Reps;,
described. I add upon this point the testimony
of AlbertRichardson, of Georgia, who, among
other things, testifies as to whips, land, and
labor, as follows:
"Question. Has this practice of taking people out
and whipping them prevailed in other counties
besides your own?
"Answer. Yes, sir; in the same way.
"Question. Did it begin in those other counties
about the same time it ditl in yours ?
"Answer. A little before. They commenced in
Walton and Morgan before they did in my county.
"Question. Has this thing been general in your
part of the State?
"Answer. Yes, sir; it is a general thing of whip-
ping there all the time. Thore is not more than
three or four wee'ks but what there is somebody
whipped. If they don't whip they ride anyhow,
and scare people; they ride up and down at nights.
Sometimes they ride through a whole settlement
and never touch anybody. Sometimes they go by
colored people's doors and shoot some five or six
balls through the door and ride on without stop-
Pl"Quevtion. What is the effect of all this conduct
upon the colored people ? How do they feel about
it ?
"Answer. "Well, they don't know hardly what to
think about it.
"Question. Do they feel frightened?
"Answer. Oh, yes, sir; it frightens them. Several
of them where I live had bought land there, two or
three-acre lots, put houses on them, and were Jiv-
ing there and getting along very well. Since this
thing has been going on, they have commenced sell-
ing their lots for little or nothing. Some of them
don't get for the house and ground half what they
paid for the ground. They go away to some large
town where they lie around and get whatever they
can.
"Question. You yourself have removed?
"Answer. Yes. sir. I have moved to Athens.
" Question. Why did you do so ?
"Answer. Well, I thought I would be killed down
where I was.
" Question. Was that your sole reason forremov-
ing ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; that is the sole reason. If I
could have had peace there. I would rather live
there than in any other place I have been in.
" Question. You weregetting along well?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I was getting along well. I
had asmuohwork as I could do.
" Question. Is that feeling of fright and fear gen-
eral among the colored people!
"Awtwer. Yes.sir; it is general among the colored
people in the county where I live. They told me
when I left that if I eould find a place where I could
make a living, I should write back to them. I have
never written back. They said that they wanted to
leave if they could make anything above their sup-
port. There are lots of men down there whose crops
are running away with grass, arid they cannot get
hands on acoount of this thing; the men are running
away so and leaving the county. A heap of farmers
there can't get labor enough to make their crop.
And yet the fiends in human form, who do
these damnable deeds, come in and swear that
reconstruction and the fifteenth amendment
cause the trouble.
Instances have been found, in every State
where the Ku Klux exist., by the hundred,
where men have been whipped or murdered
on account of their polities. 1 have found
seventy-six such instances proven in the testi-
mony concerning these persecutions in South
Carolina, from page 289 to 705, and these are
but ordinary specimens of proof. The head
grows weary and the heart grows sick at the
repeated recital of these bai barities, nine out
of ten perpetrated for political effect with open
declarations; ninety-nine out of a hundred
victims being Union men.
I find within a few pages of testimony, as
to Georgia, thirty-seven instances of whipping
for political reasons. I find thirty-seven mur-
ders in Madison county, Florida, and no pun-
ishment. I find between seventy-five and a
hundred mui ders in Jackson county, Florida,
and nobody punished ; with numberless in-
stances of persecution and intimidation. 1 n one
county I find all the leading Republicans shot
or driven off and a reign of universal terror
prevailing. The eight thousand pages of testi-
mony are filled with such shocking details.
The Carolinas, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, and
Mississippi, in which the committee made in-
vestigations, have been in large communities
shrouded in terror and gloom by these mys-
terious and barbarous outlays, Let roe refer
42b Cong, iu 8m— No, 31.
to the testimony of Rev. Mr. Lakin, a Metho-
dist preacher of the highest respectability, as
to cases occurring in the circuit in Alabama
of which he is presiding elder.
" Question. State whether your attention has been
directed to the number of persons in various coun-
ties who have been subjected to these outrages, and
if you have made a summary of how many they are,
including those you have mentioned in your testi-
mony.
44 Answer. It would be very difficult for me to tell,
as I have traveled over nearly every county north
of Montgomery in my saddle; with the cares of my
church resting on my mind, it would have been very
difficult for me to have recorded all the numerous
instances that came to my knowledge. I was care-
ful to keep a record in my diary ot what X regarded
as authentic, and to put down none that 1 regarded
as doubtful.
" Question. Taking the various counties, give us a
summary of what you have so recorded; you need
not give the names.
"Answer. I have taken down Madison. Jackson,
Limestone, Morgan, Blount, and Marshall counties.
" Question. Give a summary of the result of your
examination, beginning first with Madison county.
"Answer. At the time I was getting outof the way
I got into the crcek and got my book wet, so that
the entries are somewhat blurred: in Madison
county there were sixty-one cases.
'* Question. Between what dates?
"Anmoer. From 1868 to 1871.
" Question. Have there been any in 1871?
" Anxioer. Yes, sir; they are going on now, or were
when I left home. They were raiding constantly.
In Jackson county were lorty cases.
"Question. Between the same dates?
"Answer. Yes. sir; there were seven killed m
Madison among the sixty-one cases. In Limestone
county were thirty six cases, of whom six were
killed. .
" Question. The six are included in the thirty-six /
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" By Mr. Pool :
" Question. How about Jackson?
"Answer. Thore were thirty-one punished and six
killed there. In Blount county seventy-one were
punished, six killed; in Marshall county there were
seventy-six punished and seven killed; in Morgan
county fifty-seven were punished and eight killed.
The character of these men is thus dis-
closed :
" Question. Were these more violent cases of out-
rage perpetrated'by what aro called Ku Klux or dis-
guised men?
" Answer. In every instance I have recorded there
it has been by disguised men; I have recorded no
other instances."
But why procced further? Why multiply
cases? Why add one word more to the awful
catalogue of infamy? Women, children, the
aged, the helpless, the crippled, the bedr.d-
den, as well as those in the vigor of lile are
the victims of these felt conspirators. The
dwellings of the poor weie haunted by these
Outlaws, and their innocent victims dragged
out in the hoars of darkness and tortured ; the
burning school-houses on a hundred hiiUicles
have lighted their orgies. Even the churches
of the 1-iviiig God have melted into ashes
before their ruthless torches. Nothing is
sacred from their invasion, nothing exempt
from their malignant assaults.
I will now refer to the testimony of 13 T.
Tidwell, county judge of Madison county,
Florida, who has lived theie forty \eais. He
says that wi'.hin a short time there have been
over twenty murders and no body tried:
" Question. Have you in your couuty any organ-
ization that is commonly spoken of as Ku Klux ?
| "Answer. I believe there are some there.
"Question. What induces you so to believe?
i "Answer. Fiom tile sworn testimony of p&isons
i who I believe to be true in their statements.
! " Question Under what ciicumstances was that
i testimony given ? , ... T
! "Annwr. (ceuil ly in holding inquisitions, i
' have actedjustice ol the peace ot that county,
I and have take n down the evidence when holding 111-
! quiMlioi)? over the dead bodice ot persons who luid
i been murdered.
"Question. How many inquest1* do you* suppose*
| you have known to be holden in that county within
! the last two or three year*?
"Answer. I think some twenty or twenty-hve
that I know ot my own knowledge, possibly moie.
I am saCisficd that there have been over twenty.
""Question. What did the inquests generally dis-
close as4 to thecbaiacter of the homicides how Ihci
were per petrated ?
"4«*/«er. By ;i pai ty of men not known, armed
with guns and pisioi.-*, who would go in upon a man
in his house where he was asleep.'
"Question. In the night?
"Ansioer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Would they be in disguise?
"Answer, Yes, sir,
"Question* Were these acts confined to any one
part of the county?
"Answer. No. sir.
"Question. Has any one been punished by the law
for any of these numerous murders?
"Answer. There has been only one man that I
know of punished, probably another, who w«s said
to be accessory for any crime of that character that
I know of. Thore was a colored man executed there
for killing another, but that wa.s an open fight that
occurred among themselves."
David Montgomery, the sheriff of that
county, testifies to thirty-seven murders and
no convictions. He says;
" I am sheriff of the county of Madison.
• "Question. How long have you beeu sheriff?
A little over three years.
"Question. What has been the condition of affairs
during that time, so tar as the violation of Jaw ie
concerned, and the punishment of men who violate
the law?
"Answer. Well, since I have been there .I have
made five hundred arrests, speaking within bounds;
I think maybe they would £0 over that. In that
time! think we have had within the neighborhood of
thirty-sevuu murder* in tho county, and.wo have
never beeu able to convict a man yet.
"Question. Havo any been prosecuted ?
"Answer. Yes. sir.
"Question. Why were they not convicted?
"Answer. The jury would not do it; that is the
onlv reason 1 know.
"Question, Can you give any reason why they did
not do it; do they have fcuilicient evidence, or is
there something else?
"Answer. I take it that if a white man kills a col-
ored man in a yof the counties ot this State you
cannot convict him."
The testimony of \V. J. Purmon, a lawyer
of Marianna. Florida, shows a still worse state
of att'airs. In Jackson county a member of
the legislature was murdered five or six
months ago.
" Question. How many homicides do you suppose
have occurred in that county since the war?
"Answer. Tnkiug the statement ot the fchcriii to
be correct, iu the conversation to which I have re-
ferred, and keeping within a probable estimate ot
what has occurred since that time. Ishould say there
must have been .it least seventy-five or eighty mur-
ders in that county since the war.
" Question. How many were colored, and how many
were white?
"Answer. There must have been nine tenths or
them colored, or at least eight tenths.
"Question. What was the. charaoter generally of
the colored men who were killed? .
"Answer. Prominent men among their race. An-
other prominent man named Calvin Rogers was
killed a lew weeks after that riot took place. He
was our constable there. The character ot the men
who were killed, or the most of them, was good;
they were neither thieves nor vagabonds, and they
were our best colored men both in intelligence and
industry : they belonged to that class.
" Question. Were they influential and prominent
in their political lelations?
"Answer. They were locally prominent. • •
" Question. Have you any reason to suppose there
was an organization in that county out oi which
these homicides, or any considerable number ol
them, originated? ,
"Answer. Yes, sir; I have every reason to believe
that such was the case.
" Question. Wow has it been in other counties
besides Jackson? ,. . .
"Answer. There is a county adjoining, Calhoun
county, which is a part of the same region of coun-
try in which .Judge Carraway, a judge ol the county
court, who was also one ot the registrars under
tho recon&tmction laws, and Mr. Yearty, who, I
think, u.ts also one ol the registrars, both prom-
inent Republicans, were killed."
This condition of affairs, extending over sev-
eral States of the South, worse than blight,
pestilence, mildew, or destroying fire, has
paralyzed the business energiesof alarge por-
tion of i hat favored region. But the men
engaged in this tearful conspiracy will not see
the shocking results of their work. Given over
to hardness of heart and blindness of mind
from civil war they rush into misrule, anarchy,
mid crime. Population, capital, thrift, growth,
public spirit, even patriotism must fly from
such a land.
But the Democrats in their lamentations de-
clare that nothing of good has been done by
the Republicans in the South ; no public works,
no buildings, no great benefits. Have they'
