4118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
a list of' secretaries and clerks'," beginning
as follows: "Secretaries, General F. T. Dent,
General Horace Porter, General O. E Bab-
cock," when, in fact, there are no such offi-
cers authorized by law. Then follow the
"Private Secretary," "Assistant Private Sec-
retary," and "Executive Clerks," authorized
by law, but placed below those unauthorized'.
Nothing is said of being detailed for this pur-
pose. They are openly called " Secretaries,"
which is a title of office; and since it is at the
Executive Mansion, it must be a civil office;
and yet, in defiance of law, these Army officers
continue to exercise its functions, and some
of them enter the Senate with messages from
the President. The apology that they are
•'detailed " for this service is vain; no author-
ity can be shown for it. But how absurd to
suppose that a rule against the exercise of a
civil office can be evaded by a "detail." If
it may be done for three Army officers why
uot for three dozen? Nay more, if the civil
office of Secretary at the Executive Mansion
may be created without law, why not some
other civil office ? And what is to hinder the
President from surrounding himself not only
with Secretaries,but with messengers,stewards,
and personal attendants, even a body guard, all
detailed from the Army? Why may he not en-
large the military circle at the Executive Man-
sion indefinitely? If the President can be jus-
tified in his present course, there is no limit to
his pretensions in open violation of the statute.
Here the Blue Book testifies again, for it records
the names of the " Secretaries" in their proper
places as Army officers, thus presenting them
as holding two incompatible offices.
I dismiss this transaction as another instance
of presidential pretension which, in the in-
terest ot republican government, should be
arrested.
unrepublican subordination or the war depart-
ment to the gkner.il-in-chief.
From the Executive Mansion, pass now to
the War Department, and there we witness
the same presidential pretensions by which
law, usage, and correct principle are lost in
the will of One Man. The supremacy of the
civil power over the military is typified in the
Secretary of War, a civilian, from whom Army
officers receive orders. But this beautiful rule,
with its lesson of subordination to the military
was suddenly set aside by our Presiden t, and the
Secretary of War degraded to be a clerk. The
5th of March witnessed a most important order
from the President reconstituting the military
departments covering the southern States and
placing them under officers of his choice, which
purported to be signed by the Adjutant Gen-
eral, by command of the General of the Army,
but actually ignoring the Secretary of War.
Three days later witnessed another order pro-
fessing to proceed from the President, whereby
in express terms the War Department was sub-
ordinated to the General-in-Chief, being Wil-
liam T. Sherman, who at the time was promoted
to that command. Here are the words: "The
chiefs of staff, corps, departments, and bureaus
will report to and act under the immediate
orders of the General commandingthe Army."
This act of revolution, exalting the military
power above the civil, showed instant fruits
in an order of the General, who, upon assum-
ing command, proceeded to place the several
bureau officers of the War Department upon
his military staff, so that for the time there
was a military dictatorship with the President
as its head not merely in spirit, but in actual
iorm. By and by John A. liawlins, a civilian
by education and a respecter of the Constitu-
tion, became Secretary of War, and, though
bound to the President by personal ties, he
said "check to the King." By General Order,
issued from the War Department March 20,
1869, and signed by the Secretary of War, the
offensive order was rescinded, and it was
enjoined that "all official business which by
law or regulation requires the action of the
President or Secretary of War will be submitted
by the chiefs of staff, corps, departments, and
bureaus to the Secretary of War." Public
report said that this restoration of the civil
power to its rightful supremacy was not ob-
tained without an intimation of resignation on
the part of the Secretary.
the secretary of the navy bit deputy.
Kindred in character was the unprecedented
attempt to devolve the duties of the Navy
Department upon a deputy, sothatorders were
to be signed " A. E. Borie, Secretary of the
Navy, perD. D. Porter, Admiral," as appears
in the official journal of May 11. 1869, or,
according to another instance, " Daniel D.
Porter, Vice Admiral, for the Secretary of the
Navy." The obvious object of this illegal
arrangement was to enable the incumbent,
who stood high on the list of gift-makers, to
be Secretary without being troubled with the
business of the office. Notoriously he was an
invalid who, according to bis own confession,
modestly pleaded that he could not apply him-
self to work more than an hour a day; but the
President soothed his anxieties by promising
a deputy who would do the work. And thus
was this great Department made a plaything ;
but public opinion and other counsels arrested
the sport. Here I mention that when this
incumbent left his important post it is under-
stood that he was allowed to nominate his
successor.
presidential pretension at the indian bureau.
At the same time occurred the effort to
absorb the Indian Bureau into the War
Department, changing its character as part of
the civil service. Congress had already repu-
diated such an attempt, but the President, not
disheartened by legislative failure, sought to
accomplish it by manipulation and indirection.
First elevating a member of his late staff to the
bead of the bureau, he then by a military
order, dated May 7, 1869, proceeded to detail
for the Indian service a long list of " officers
left out of their regimental organization by the
consolidation of the infantry regiments,"
assuming to do this by authority of the act of
Congress of JuneSO, 1834, which, after declar-
ing the number of Indian agents and how
they shall be appointed, provides that " it shall
be competent for the President to require any
military officer of the United States to execute
thedutiesof Indian agent." (Statutes-at-Large
Vol. IV, p. 730.) Obviously this provision
had reference to some exceptional exigency
and can be no authority for the general sub-
stitute of military officers instead of civilians
confirmed by the Senate and bound with
sureties for the faithful discharge of their
duties. And yet upward of sixty Army
officers were in this way foisted into the
Indian service. The act of Congress of July
15, 1870, already quoted, creating an incom-
patibility between military service and civil,
was aimed especially at this abuse, and these
officers ceased to be Indian agents. But this
attempt is another illustration of presidential
pretension.
military interference at elections.
Then followed military interference in elec-
tions, and the repeated use of the military in aid
of the Revenue Law under circumstances of
doubtful legality, until at last General Halleck
and General Sherman protested ; the former,
in his report of October 24, 1870, saying, " I
respectfully repeat the recommendation of my
last annual report, that military officers should
not interfere in local civil difficulties, unless
called out in the manner provided by law;"
and the latter, in his report of November 10,
1870, "I think the soldiers ought not to be
expected to make individual arrests, or to do
any act of violence except in their capacity as
a posse comiiaius duly summoned by the
United States marshal and acting in his per-
sonal presence." And so ttiis military pre-
tension, iovadmg civil affairs, was arrested.
presidential pretension again.
Meanwhile this same presidential usurpation
subordinating all to himself, became palpable
in another form. It was said of Gustavus
Adolphus that he drilled his Diet to vote attbe
word of command. Such at the outset seemed
to be the presidential policy with regard to
Congress. We were to vote as he desired. He
did not like the tenure-of-office act, and dur-
ing the first month of his administration his
influence was felt in both branches of Congress
to secure its repeal—all of which seemed more
astonishing when it was considered that he en-
tered upon his high trust with the ostentatious
avowal that all laws would be faithfully exe-
cuted whether they •met his approval or not,
and that he should have no policy to enforce
against the will of the people. That beneficent
statute which he had upheld in the impeach-
ment of President Johnson was a limitation
on the presidential power of appointment, and
he could not brook it. Here was plain inter-
ference with his great perquisite of office, and
Congress must be coerced to repeal it The
House acted promptly and passed the desired
bill. In the Senate there was delay and a
protracted debate, during which the official
journal announced:
"The President, in conversation with a prominent
Senator a few days since, declared that it was his
intention not to send in any nomination until defin-
ite action was taken by Congress upon the tenure-
of-office bill."
Here I venture to ad<J that a member of the
Cabinet pressed me to withdraw my opposition
to the repeal, saying that! the President felt
strongly upon it. T could not understand how a
Republican President could consent to weaken
the limitations upon the Executive, and so I
said, adding, that in my judgment he should
rather reach forth his hands and ask to have
them tied. Better always a government of law
than of men.
presidential interference in local politics.
In this tyrannical spirit, and in the assump-
tion of his central imperialism, he has inter-
fered with political questions aud party move-
ments in distant States, reaching into Missouri
and then into New York to dictate how the
people should vote, then manipulating Louis-
iana through a brother-in law appointed col-
lector. With him a custom-house seems less
a place for the collection of revenue than an
engine of political influence through which his
dictatorship may be maintained.
Authentic testimony places this tyrannical
abuse beyond question. New York is the
scene and Thomas Murphy, collector, the
Presidential lieutenant. Nobody doubts the
intimacy between the President and the col-
lector, who are bound to each other by other
ties than those of sea side neighborhood. The
collector was determined to obtain the control
of the Republican State convention, and ap-
pealed to a patriot citizen for help, who re-
plied that in his judgment " it would be a
delicate matter for office-holders to undertake
to dictate to the associations in the different
districts who should go from them to the State
convention, and still more delicate to attempt
to control the judgments of men employed
in the different departments as to the best
men to represent them." The brave collector
lieutenant of the President said "that he
should not hesitate to do it; that it was Gen-
eral Grant's wish, and General Grant was the
head of the Republican party, and should
be authority on this subject." (New York
Custom-House Investigation, Vol. 1, p. 081.
Testimony of General Palmer.) Plainly, the
Republican party was his perquisite, and all
Republicans were to do his bidding. From
the same testimony it appears that the Presi-
dent, according to the statement of his lieu-
tenant, "wanted to be represented in the con-
vention/' being the Republican State conven-
tion of New York ; " wanted to have his frieads
therein the convention;" and the presiden-
tial lieutenant, being none other than the
famous collector, offered to appoint four men
in the custom-house if the witness would secure
