2326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
ator in this ease because this very large sum
of $444,000 had been appropriated for surveys
two years ago and was unaccounted for, and I
am unwilling that another appropriation for
the same purpose shall be made until that
appropriation is properly accounted for, at
least by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know what the
honorable Senator means by being " unac-
counted for."
Mr. ROBERTSON. We have no evidence
that it has all been expended.
Mr. HARLAN. We have the evidence of
tlie report of the Secretary of the Interior that
$300,000 will be needed during the coming
fiscal year for tlie prosecution of surveys, which
no faithful officer could ask for if he had a
large margin of former appropriations.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This amendment was
voted upon in Committee of the Whole and
rejected. I wish to put myself on the record
in regard to it, and I therefore call for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered. ;
Several Senators. Let the amendment, as \
amended, be read. I
The Chief Clerk read as follows : j
For the surveys of exterior boundaries uf Indian
reservations and subdividing portions of the fame,
$150,000. |
The question being taken by yeas and nays, j
resulted—yeas 27, nays 17 : as follows: ;
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Caldwell, Chandler,
Corbett, Ferry of Connecticut. Ferry of Michigan,
Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Ilarlan, Morriii of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pomc-
roy, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scburz, Scott, Steven-
8on, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Wilson, "Windom, and
Wright—27.
NAiTS—Messrs. Alcorn, JBlair, Carpenter, Casserly,
Cole, Cooper, Davis ot West Virginia, Edmunds,
Goldthwaite, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Robertson,
Saulsbury. Sprague, Stockton, find Viekers—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bore
cook, Howe, Kellogg. Lowis, Logan, Morton, Pat-
terson, Pool, Rice, Sherman, Spencer, Thurinan,
Trumbull, and West—29.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Clerk will probably be
able to turn to the amendment adopted with
regard to the Winnebago Indians, those remain-
ing in the State of Minnesota. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] took an inter-
est in the subject when it was up before.
There is one provision that ought to be added
to that in order to make it perfect according
to the suggestions of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. I move to add to that amend-
ment the following:
And provided further. That tho sum of S2.517 96,
herctoiore appropriated, be paid to Aaron L. Foyies,
(a white man,) the lather ot the three children of
Sophia Foylcs, a Winnebago Indian, who died after
declaring her intention of becoming a citizen, and
before her naturalization papers were issued by the
United btates court.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why, Mr. President, it
is pretty obvious that that ought not to be
so, with all respect to the honorable Senator
from Minnesota. The treaties and the laws
provide that where these Indiaus have declared
their intention to become naturalized and do
become naturalized, then they shall take their
shares in severalty. Now, it appears that
here is a white man who is the father it is
said—and I do not know how they find out
these things in Minnesota; I have no doubt
there is some way—of three Indian children.
[Laughter.] Instead of giving this share to
the children, you aic going to give it to the
father, on account of his services, I suppose.
That is carrying the thing a little too far. If
my honorable friend, to speak seriously, means
that the shares that the mother of these chil-
dren as an Indian woman would be entitled to
under the act to which reference is made, may
be taken by the children in severalty, 1 have
no objection; but to provide that this white
father shall take the shares that belong_ to
these children, if they belong to anybody, is a
thing to which I wish to be considered as not
agreeing, for one.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no information as
to the age of these children: but I imagine
the father becomes the guardian of them after
the decease of the mother; and this is the
recommendation of the Indian office, who seem
to have some knowledge about the matter. I
have no desire to interfere with their sugges-
tions about it. If the Senate agree with the
Senator from Vermont that they who under-
stand all about it and have made this recom-
mendation should be interferred with in their
suggestion of legislation, let them do so ; let
them give it to the children if they please ;
but the father is the guardian of the children
as much as the mother was before, and it is
very proper that he should have this fund to
take care of the children with.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is rather a remarkable
proposition, or would have been a few years
ago, that we are to be told that we must take
the recommendation of a Department as the
law upon which we shall appropriate money
from the Treasury or take trust funds. If that
is the principle, that we have no lawful au-
thority to touch the Lord's anointed, as they
say in kingly countries, because it is a Depart-
ment, we may as well abdicate, and tell the
Departments by one sweeping law, " We will
appropriate all the money there is in the
Treasury, or may come in; now we trust to
the Departments to spend it as in their royal
will and pleasure they see fit." I do not sub-
scribe to that doctrine. As one of the repre-
sentatives of the people who labor to raise the
money to pay the taxes of the country and to
take care of its trust funds, I do not authorize
any Department to tell me what I shall do ;
and I am sure the Senator from Minnesota
does not. Therefore, while we should give
all weight and consideration to any facts or
circumstances which a Department may lay
before us, I hope the honorable Senator will
not tell us that because a Department recom-
mends a thing, it must be done—quite the
reverse. It is the business of the Departments
to furnish us information, and not to tell us
the principles upon which we shall conduct
legislation.
Now, to come back to the point, the simple
question is whether you are to give the share
of the trust funds to the white father, the hus-
band of the Indian woman, to which she would
have been entitled, or whether you are to give
this separate share to her children. If we are
acting on the principles of civilization, it is
pretty obvious that we must give it to the
heirs. If we are acting on other principles
which we do not understand, then of course I
have nothing to say.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suppose the principles
of civilization would justify us in paying it to
the white man, as the Indians perhaps would
not use it very properly. But the father is the
guardian of these children, and I have no
doubt the Indian office judged rightly in sug-
gesting that it should be appropriated to the
father, who is the guardian of the children, l'or
them. I see no reason why their recommend-
ation should be departed from. It is a matter
of not the slightest consequence to me in the
world, but I regard the recommendation of
the Department as a proper one, and I do not
think the Senator has given any reason why
we should depart from it. The Indians are
specially in charge of the Interior Depart-
ment : that Department knows their condition
and circumstances. Still, if the Senate think
it should go to the children directly, with no
guardian to waste the money, let them make
that disposition of it.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that tho
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senate ought to make
some disposition of this fund. It has been
heretofore appropriated; bat before the nat-
uralization of the mother was complete, she
died, and there the three children of the father
are, without being able to touch the money
they should be entitled to under the law.
Mr. BLAIR. I suggest to the Senator to
give it to the children.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well. I have no ob-
jection to that modification of the amendment,
it ought to be disposed of in some way. I ask
for a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is to be modified, the Chair understands.
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, silr.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have an amendment
to move.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. While the
modification is being made, the Senator from
Kentucky moves an amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Stevenson, being to add the following
sections to the bill:
Sec. —. That with the consent and concurrence
of those bands of the Chippewa Indians of Lake
Superior, located on Lac de Flambeau and on Lac
Court Orielles, and also of the Fond du Lac bands
of said Indians, expressed in open council in the
usual manner, tho Secretary of the Interior be, and
hereby is, authorized to remove tho said bands of
Indians from the tracts of lands which wcro set
apart for them respectively and withheld from sale
for their use, in accordance with the third and
fourth clauses of the second article of the treaty
between the United States and the Chippewa In-
dians of Lake Superior and the Mississippi, con-
cluded September 30,1854, and to locate said hands
of Indians upon the tract of land set apart by the
second clause of said article for the La Pointe band
of said Chippewa Indians.
Sec. —. That the lands rendered vacant under the
preceding section of this act shall be appraised by
three competent commissioners, one of whom shall
be the United States agent for the said Chippewa
Indiaus, and the other two shall be appointed by the
Secretary of the Interior. Should there be upon
any of the lands to be thus appraised any improve-
ments made by or for the Indians, cr for Govern-
ment purposes, tho said commissioners shall ap-
praise the said improvements separately. After the
said lands shall have been appraised, as herein pro-
vided, the Secretary of the Interior shall be, and
hereby is, authorized to offer the same for sale, and
sealed proposals, duly invited by public advertise-
ment, shall be received for the sarae. for tracts not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres each, and
also for the entire body offered; and he shall be,
and hereby is, authorized to accept the proposal ior
the entire tract, or the highest bids for separate
tracts, as shall be deemed best, and to cause patents
in the usual form to be issued to said purchaser or
purchasers for said lands: Provided, That no bid for
separate tracts shall be accepted which may he less
than the appraised value of such tract, including
the improvements, if any, thereon, or tor the entire
trast, which shall be less than the aggregate up-
praised value of the same, and of all the improve-
ments, if any, thereon: And provided further, That
bids for tractshavingimprovements upon them shall
state the price for both the land and the improve-
ments. The proceeds of such sales shall be invested
or expended ior the benefit of the Indians interested,
in such manner as the Secretary of the Interior may
direct.
Sec. —. That the commissioners to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Interior, under_ the provis-
ions of this act, shall receive compensation for their
services at the rate of six dollars for each day actu-
ally engaged in the duties herein designated, in
addition to the amount paid by them for actual
traveling and other necessary expenses.
Sec. —. That the sum of $75,000 be, and hereby is,
appropriated out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, ior
the appraisement and sale of the said reservations
and for the removal and establishment of said In-
dians, as hereinbefore provided ; the said sum of
$i5,000 to be reimbursed from tho proceeds of the
sales of the lands of said Indians authorized in sec-
tion two of this act.
Mr. STEVENSON. This amendment is
offered by the direction of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. By the third and fourth
clauses ot the treaty made with the Chippewa
Indians of Lake Superior and the Mississippi
oil the 30th of September, 1854, two of those
tribes located on Lac de Flambeau and Lac
Court Oreilles were to receive three townships
of land on the waters of tbe Chippewa and
Wisconsin rivers in Wisconsin, and the Fond
du Lac Indians were to receive one hundred
thousand acres in Minnesota. These reserva-
tions^ the Indians have partly taken possession
of. Those in Wisconsin are unsuited for agri-
cultural purposes. They are ia a very liao
