3222
THE CONGRESSIONAL1 GLOBE.
May 8,
offer will certainly guard against any such re-
sult, and I hope the House will not hesitate
to adopt it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, Nothing in this act shall affect the rank
or pay of any officers heretofore retired under pro-
vision of law.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask for the reading of the
original bill.
The original bill was again read.
Mr. SARGENT. If thfi gentleman will yield
to me for a moment I will suggest, if the con-
struction of the second section can be given so
as to need a proviso, ihen the proviso is incon-
sistent with the second section. The object,
of course, is to apply this to officers hereafter
retired. If you transpose the first three words,
so as to make it apply to officers hereafter to
be retired, it will accomplish the object. I sug-
gest the amendment.
Mr. SLOCUM. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
allow an hour's debate on ihis bill. TheCom-
miitee on Military Affairs have a great amount
of business, and if the previous question be
tht-n seconded, I will agree togive three fourths
of l lie lime to the opponents of this bill.
Mr. SAUGENT rose.
Mr. SPEEli, of Georgia. I hope the gen-
tleman will now call tlie previous question.
Mr. SAHGEN l\ I hope not until we liave
bad an oppoitunit.y to perfect 'ho bill.
Mr. SPEEll, of Georgia. Yourainendment
is pending.
Mr. SARGENT. Consider it as offered,
and I Inive no objection.
Mr HALE. I'he amendment, of the gen-
tleman fioui California accomplishes the pur
po e I sought, to reach.
Mr. MEK.CUR. 1 wish to offer an amend-
ment also.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to con-
sideiing these amendments pending, and the
previous question seconded and the mam
question ordered?
Mr. MO KEY. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs 1 desire to say a
word on the bill and pending amendments.
1 wish 10 call attention to the working of the
present law. We have on our retired list sev-
enty officers, from the guide of general down.
Some ol ihnse oilicer.s have the rank of briga-
dier and nnijor general. They came here ufier
the war was over, and in many eases they
were reappointed to the Army in the rank of
lieutenant. and captain, mid they were then
retired under the operation of the law, and
drew pay as brigadier and major generals.
Some went into the practice of law in New
Ymk and some in Washington, receiving com-
pensation at the same time to the exient of
something like five thousand six hundred dol-
laisayear, while the highest rank they ever
held in ilie United Slates Army was that of
lieutenant and captain.
Mr. 1'ONNAN. Do they receive any pay
for any higher rank than that which they held
in the United States Aimy?
Mr. SLOCUM. 1 could, if necessary, give
the names of very many such. The very case
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] has
ref'entd to is the ease of a captain who was
reiiied as a biigadier general, a man who
never did six yeais' service for the country,
while there are men upon the retired list, offi-
cers who eeived the country faithfully and
well for forty years, who have been retired as
major or colonel. There is not a case of
more glaring injustice than that to which the
feniluinan irorn Maine has refernd. Because
e lost, a leg he has been retired as a brigadier
general, while there are fifty who lost legs get-
ting no money at all. The man referred to
is gelling double the pay of any rank he ever
held in the field.
Mr. 110KEY. Officers of volunteers who
lost iegs, aod who had their health destroyed
forever, but who were not fortunate enough
to be appointed as captains or lieutenants in
the regular army and retired, can draw but a
pension of thirty dollars. What becomes of
those gentlemen? They have to trust to their
own energies and powers.
I would be gbid if the nation could afford
to pay every officer who lost a limb $5,000
a year. But we can do no such thing. Let
us, however, do justice.
Do not let us single out a few and retire
them on the pay of $3,000 or $5,000 a year
and allow others just as gallant., who did just
as good service, to remain at only thirty dollars
a month. This principle of discrimination is
wrong, and it is time we should correct it.
We provide in this bill that officers here-
after retired shall only be retired on the rank
they held, and that men appointed as captains
and lieutenants shall not be retired as colonels
and generals. It is time we should stop mak-
ing any discrimination between officers in the
regular and officers in the volunteer Army.
It is time we should put a slop to one or two
or half a score of individuals who happen to
have influence coining in here and being reap-
pointed as lieutenants and captains, and then
being retired as officers of high rank.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask that the amendment
which the gentleman from California [Mr.
Saugent] offered be again read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. LYNCH. 1 hope the bill will be so
amended as to apply only to officers hereafter
retired ; for if the bill is passed without such
amendment great injustice will be done to
many officers who occupied the positions of
captains and lieutenants in the regular Army,
and having gone into the volunteer service,
won high rank, have been wounded, and have
been retired from the service, on account of
the disabilities they have received.
I know a case in my own district where
great injustice would be done by the passage
of this bill. A young man, a capiaiu ill the
icgular Army, vvno rose to the rank of a brig-
adier general in the volunteer service, was
severely wounded in one battle and lo.st a leg
in another, and for his distinguished gallantry
was relit ed on the pay of the rank held by
him when wounded. By this bill his pay
would be reduced to that, of a captain, which
appears to mo to be grossly unjust. There are
many similar cases.
I think those officers who have done merit-
oiions service, who have been wounded and
whose services have been recognized, ought
not to have their pay cut. off.
I understand the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Si.ooum] to say that this bill as it would
rend with the amendments offered by my
colleague would he precisely the bill which
he has offered himself, which is satisfactory
to him and which he would accept but for the
instructions of his committee. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MEUOUR. I desire to say a word, not
upon the merits of the officers of the regular
Army, nor to take from them in any degiee
the credit to which they are justly entitled ;
but it does seein to me to be a very strange
anomaly in the law, that when retired they
should receive a larger compensaiion by fur
than they would be entitled to if they had
remained in actual service.
Such I understand lo be the operation of
the law of I860, which the bill now reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs seeks to
repeal. It strikes me that there never was
anj jlist ice or any propriety or any wisdom in
providing that an officer when retired should
receive pay so far beyond the rank which he
actually held in the service of his country.
While in the seivice he might receive some
two thousand dollars per annum, when retired
he will rece've some four or five thousand dol-
lars per annum. It appears to me to be an un-
just and au unwise disci imination. That was a
law that was passed just alter the close of the
war, in 1866, aud which I think must have
it
been passed without the attention of the House,
having been called to its practical operation •
and effect.
ft, is said now, admitting that it was unjust
yet inasmuch as they have been suffered to re-
ceive it for some six years, therefore they have *
acquired a right to it through all time to come.'-?
It strikes me that the reasoning is unjust and 2
unsound ; and that if they have been suffered to
receive it so long, this bill is none the less right,
because it does not propose to take from tlietn
that which they have actually received. But
it proposes to start anew, and to put these
officers where everybody else would be put
under similar circumstances ; and to adopt the
amendment of ihe gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sargext,] would, I think, be creating | j
an unwise and an unfair disci imination. That : ■;
those men who have been retired during the
last six years should receive two or three
times as much pay as officers who may here-   .,
after be retired, occupying the same posi- J \
tions, would certainly strike the mind of any >
gentleman as an unfair and an unjust dis- I
criminaiion. I trust the amendment of the
gentleman from California will not prevail, %
but that the bill reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs will receive the sanction of
this House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SLOCUM. I will now yield to the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent]
Mr. SAUGENT. I send to the Clerk's desk
to be read the section of the present law which
it is proposed by the pending biil to repeal.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Sec. 32. And be H further enacted. That officers of
the regular army entitled to tie retired in conse-
quence of disability occasioned by wounds received
in buttle, may be retired upon the full rank of the
command held by thein, whether in tlio regular or
volunteer service at tlie time sue.U wounds were
received."
Mr. SARGENT. As I understand, there
are two amendments pending: one offered by
the gentleman fioin Maine, [vlr. Hale,] and
one otiered by myself. The amendment w hieh
1 have offered 1 designed to effect, this object:
that p< rsons who have been heretofore reti red
on account of disabilities, and who are receiv-
ing a certain amount from the Governmeutio
consideration of their retirement and former
services, shall not by this legislation be de-
prived of receiving that amount hereafter. I
consider that that is just and necessary. And
while 1 am vvillingto provide that for tlie future
persons who are in the service in the regular
Army when retired shall be retired as of the
rank llicy then held, and upon proportionate
pay as retired officers, still I will not, so far
as I am concerned, consent to cut oil' 'hose
who have heretofore been retired from the pay
they now receive. I do not think the amend-
ment I have offered fully covers the point I
intended. I believe the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Haln] doeseover
that point. I therefore withdraw my amend-
ment and shall support the amendment of the n>
gentleman from Maine. 7
Mr. SLOCUM, I now yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Coburn.]
Mr. COBURN. The question arises upotl \
these amendments, in the mind of every sensible
man, as to what is the reason why we should v.
draw a distinction between the officer who.may ^
be retired hereafter and the officer who has
already been retired. Is he who has been re-
tired a better man than he who may be'.' Sup- t
pose that in consequence of sickness^ or 01
wounds, or of loss of health, an officr shall ,,
hereafter be retired who is just as faithful, just ,,
as honorable, and just as true as any officer •
who has heretofore been retired; why should.
we cut his pay down ; why should we pay uim -
less as a retired officer than one heretofore ,
retired under a provision of law that gave aim ,,
more than lie deserved ? :
Sir, the clamor throughout the country has -
been to equalize the bounty and pay of the
i
I
■"i*
I
.1
ri>
"t
.1
