1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
This established success of the first. Pacific road
places beyond question the prosperity and profit-
ableness ot the Northern Pacific line, with its groat
and obvious advantages in distance, gradients, ex-
emption from snow, cost of construction, climate,
and tributary and fertile country. Back road has
an ample field of its own, the two being four hun-
dred miles apart.
" The Value of Land Grants.—The average price
. at which the twenty-five leading land-grant rail-
roads have thus far sold theirlands is$7 04 per aore,
the highest nverago of any grant being $13 98, and
the lowest S3 07. With few exceptions, the average
selling: price has sieadily increased from year to
year. The lands of the Northern Pacific road are
admitted by all who have seen them to be better and
more salable than those of roost other grants; but
sold at the general average of $7 04 per acre, they
will yield more than one hundred and sixty-one
thousand dollars per mile—-more than three times
the possible cost of the road and the issue of bonds ;
or. at the lowest average of any grant, ($3 07,) they
will produce more than seventy thousand dollars
f)er mile. Sorno two million acres of these lands,
ying in the most fertile and attractive part of Min-
nesota, are now ready for occupancy, and are being
rapidly taken up by an excellent class of settlers."
Mr. McKINNEY. Mr. Speaker, I have
not time in the few moments granted to me
to discuss this question; but I simply wish in
conclusion to call the attention of the House
to the fact that it is shown by this advertise-
ment that they have disposed of some of their
lands and have received from their sale alone
three times the amount that it has cost to build
the road through the distance of the lands
sold. Now, I submit that it is but just to the
people, just to this corpotation, and that it
is particularly incumbent upon us, looking to
the interest we represent, that we shall not
cede away this portion of the Government
property without consideration while the peo-
ple are weighed down with taxes to pay the
national debt, of which the bonds are a part,
issued to build these Pacific railroads.
I yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
_ Mr. COX. I wish to say one word, and to
give a new phase to this case, if possible. I
want to say a word to gentlemen in this House
who are interested somewhat in tea and silk
sometimes here, and 1 would say to my friend
over the way, [Mr. Wheeler,] that if he were
doing business to-day in San Francisco, and
owned a tea store, and had a thousand chests
of tea, and the railroad between here and there
was blockaded, he could not send a chest of
that tea by way of Panama, although the rate is
cheaper, because the Central Pacific Railroad
have made a contract with the Panama Steam-
ship Company that they will carry nothing by
way of the Isthmus of Panama. The price of
tea is raised to the people of this country by
this peeular form of monopoly. I do not apeak
without having some knowledge on this sub-
ject. I have in my hand a letter from an
eminent merchant, once president of the Pan-
ama Railroad Company, a man of great pro-
bity, and than whom there is no better man in
the United States, in which he says:
"You may recollect that I took the liberty last
year to suggest reasons why yourinfiuence mightbe
properly exerted in favor of the additional subsidy
asked for by tho Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
I would not vote for any aid unless in connection
with the removal of restrictions imposed upon trade
by the comparatively reccntaction of thecompany.
under existing arrangements between the Pacific
line and tho overland railroad companies, the former
company absolutely refuses toreceive shipments of
Asiatic produce to oomo by way of tho Isthmus. This
matter is alluded to in tho inclosed communication
which appeared in tho Journal of Commerce of Sat-
urday last."
I have a communication here to the Journal
of Commerce, of New York city, which veri-
fies what I have said, and which I ask the Clerk
to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bringing Goods from China.
New York, February 9, 1872.
To the Editors of the Journal of Commerce ;
Gentlemen : In discussing the effect upon busi-
ness ot the " snow blockade" on the overland roads,
the remark has been frequently innde that the China
business must now take either tho Suez route, or
that bv sailing vessels around Cape of Good Hope.
The wiiters appear to overlook entirely the exist-
ence of the route via the Isthmus of Panama, by
which teas can be brought trom San Francisco in
from twenty-five to thirty days, and from China,
with close connection in San Francisco, in from
filty to sixty days.
Previous to November, 1870, shipments in lots of
one thousand tons and upward camein this way,
and were delivered in Rood order and in unbroken
invoices at the foot of Canal street. North river. j
This could still be done were it not that by an ar-
rangement between the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany and the overland roads tho first-named com-
pany declines receiving t hina cargo of any kind to
come by the way of Panama, either by issue of
through bills of ladincr at original ports, or when
offered to them in San Francisco.
The rate of freight by the Isthmus is as low or
lower than by the overland roads.
It is said that teas which arrived in San Fran-
cisco in November have not yet reached this eity;
had they been forwarded on arrival by the Isthmus
route, they would have been on the market here in
December. All cargoes arriving since November
are still detained, so that the time through from
China on some of them will be about the same as on
tiTO cargoes arrived yesterday by sailing vessels
direct.
These facts are stated as matters of interest to
those engaged in the China trade.
Under the existing arrangement, shippers are not
free to select their own route, and lose all the bene-
fits which "Would result from open competition.
Commerce.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I desire to offeran amendment.
I understand from gentlemen on this floor that
since the snow blockade of this winter these
restrictions upon the tea commerce have been
removed ; since the snow blockade only. I
should think it probable those restrictions
might be renewed when the snow blockade is
over. Now, while I cannot vote for this bill
unless the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. McKinney] is attached to it, I
think an amendment of this kind would be
appropriate:
Provided, That all restrictions imposed upon trade,
by contracts between the Central Pacific Railroad
Company and the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
shall be romoved and canceled before this act shall
take effect.
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot consent to that
amendment. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] for fifteen
minutes.
Mr. BANKS. Does the gentleman propose
to call the previous question at the end of the
morning hour?
Mr. WHEELER. This is the only bill which
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad is now
ready to report. I will call the previous ques-
tion at the end of this morning hour, unless
there shall be unanimous consent given that
the debate may be protracted beyond the limit
prescribed by the rules, to which I shall have
no objection.
Mr. BANKS. If this is the only bill to be
reported by the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, certainly they can allow more time for
debate upon it than if they had other meas-
ures to report. I think this proposition should
not be hurried through without some debate.
Mr. WHEELER. I have no disposition to*
hurry it through without debate, and I said so
at the outset.
Mr. COX. It cannot be got through in a
hurry.
Mr. BANKS. I do not care so much about
this being a grant to a railroad as I do that it
is a destruction of the bay of San Francisco for
commercial purposes, and a surrender of this
island for military purposes.
Mr. WHEELER. I now resume the floor,
and yield to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Voorhees] for fifteen minutes.
Mr. VOORHEES. I desire to state in a
few words the reasons which will govern my
action on this bill. I served in the last Con-
gress on the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
and in that capacity I obtained full knowledge
of the question now before the House. I heard
many statements by engineers and others in
regard to this island. It is valuable as a
defense to the bay of San Francisco ; that part
of this island which faces the entrance of the
bay is valuable as a fortification. • The remain-
der is worth nothing whatever, except as is
indicated by this bill.
This Government long since established the
policy of constructing a great route for com-
merce and travel across this continent. In
order to do that, we have incurred an indebt-
edness of over fifty-five million dollars. If I
can demonstrate that this bill without any
increased expenditure will render this great
route infinitely more efficient and serviceable
than it is at present, then I am sure this
House will gladly concur" in it. I agree with
what seems to be a strong sentiment of both
parties in this House in regard to the subject
of land grants. I certainly agree with tha
opinion upon my own side on that subject.
I stand here, however, to say that this is riot
a land grant; it is not akin to a land grant; it
has nothing in it like a land grant, for the
best reason in the world, that there is no land
to grant, and none proposed to be granted by
the bill under consideration.
I suppose that to constitute a land grant
there must be a grant of land contained in
the measure, which there is not here. The
one hundred and twenty acres comprising
Yerba Buena island are as unfit for agricul-
tural purposes as any spot on the earth's sur-
face can possibly be. There is no tillable soil
anywhere on it. That portion of the island
which we propose to allow the Central Pacific
Railroad Company to land upon and use for a
depot is simply a rock. There is not a shovel-
ful of earth there. There could not be an ear
of corn raised upon it. It is simply a beetling
rock springing out of the waters of the bay,
which this company propose to cut down and
build a depot upon. The bill provides that
the use of this part of the island by the com-
pany shall not interfere with its use by the
Government for military purposes; that if in
time of war this partial occupancy of the island
by the company should interfere with its mili-
tary utility, the road shall give way.
Let us see, however, what advantages to
commerce and travel would result from allow-
ing the railroad company the benefits of this
bill. I intend to vote for this bill. My con-
stituents ar'e reasonable people, and believe
that I am actuated by reasonable motives in
my actions here. As the traveler from the
East approaches the city of San Francisco, a
reference to the map shows that he is inter-
cepted four miles from the city by a space of
water four miles wide. There he must take a
boat for his further progress. The first two
miles and a half of that sheet of water is shal
low, which vessels of any considerable draught
cannot traverse. Such vessels cannot reach
this side of the bay of San Francisco. A wharf,
therefore, is useless for the purposes of ship-
ping. The result is that when the commerce from
Asia, of which we talk so much, reaches our
shores from the West, it has to be unladen at
San Francisco on the other side of the bay,
and floated across in lighters to this side,
where it is reshipped upon the Central Pacific
railway. The object of this bill is to allow
this road-to build trestle-work through the
shallow water to one corner of the Yerba
Buena island, and there, upon a barren rock
utterly valueless for any other purpose, to
construct a depot by the side of which ships
can come with their cargoes and transfer them
to the cars. If these facts do not constitute
this measure a matter of public importance
and public utility, I have never yet known a
subject in this House that presented such
claims. Yerba Buena island is two miles and
a half from this side of the bay of San Fran-
cisco. By virtue of this bill we shall get by
rail within one mile and a half of the eity of
San Francisco, instead of stopping four miles
this side, as we now do.
_ I do not intend to vote land grants or sub-
sidies to railroads; nor is this one; but where
I see a public interest of such importance as
this, I intend to vote my solemn convictions
of duty. I have looked into this question with
care; and my position upon it has been taken
solely with reference to the traveling and
commercial interests of the public, and with a
