1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
fall knowledge that I may encounter more or
less of criticism. But I am thoroughly satis-
fied of the merits of the proposition; and when
the American people understand that this
island is a barren rook, without an acre of
arable ground uj>on it, without land to grant
to anybody, that it stands within a mile and a
half of the city of San Francisco, that it is in
deep water where ships can come and unload
their cargoes on board railroad cars without
being reshipped, as now, by means of other
vessels, I am perfectly willing to take my
chances before them in explaining my vote.
Again, sir, I believe firmly in the homestead
policy. There is much said upon this subject
here. A good deal of capital is made upon
it, and justly made. Every vote I have given
upon this subject has been a liberal one toward
the people of this country in their relations to
the public lands. I have myself introduced
several bills upon that subject—bills looking
not merely to the interest of actual homestead
settlers, but to those of the soldiers and pen-
sioners of our late war, their widows and
orphans. I have been liberal and consistent
in my votes upon that subject. Nor do I ever
intend by any vote of mine to cut the laborer
out of a homestead in this country. There is
no homestead on this island, however, except
for goats and sea-fowl; there is no homestead
for a human being where it is asked to allow
this road to plant its depot for the benefit of
the commerce and the travel of the world.
When men talk to me in the sacred name
of homestead, I respond that I am for home-
steads for the people. I will give no vote which
limits their right to homesteads. I will take
away no place where an American citizen can
plant a home. But I repeat what I have said,
that there is no place upon this island fit for
a human being to plant his home, to plow his
corn, or rear his family. It is sometimes called
Goat island, and most appropriately. It is a
rocky cliff, the fit habitation for wild goats and
sea-fowl, and nothing else.
This bill is not, then, a land grant. It does
not curtail the right of homesteads. It how-
ever allows a great thoroughfare across this
continent to render itself more useful than it
ever has been to the travel and trade and busi-
ness of the world.
I have dwelt on the advantages to the gen-
eral traveling and commercial interests of the
country. As to the people of San Francisco,
it is of an immeasurable value to them. It is
a loss to nobody.
Some gentlemen say, however, we could
rent it to this railroad company. The rent
proposed would defeat the very object of this
legislation. The railroad company could afford
no such rent, nor should we, when this rail-
road is of our own formation and built for the
purposes of the whole people, deal with it in
a narrow spirit because we have the power to
do so. If this is a public benefit in which
everybody is interested, say so, and charge
nothing for it. If we charge the company
rent, it will defeat their power to accomplish
the object so desirable under this bill. It will
cost immense sums of money to build their
road across the shoal water. The rocky cliff
springs out of the deep water some three hun-
dred feet into the air, and it is to be blasted
and leveled down. To do that will require
another immense outlay. I can see no value
this point of the island can be to us, and con-
sequently I can see no right or justice in ex-
acting an enormous rent when the Government
receives a full remuneration in the public ben-
efits derived from the proposed legislation.
But this bill, sir, does not grant a title to
one inch of the island. It simply grants an
easement to the railway. There is an expressed
stipulation to this effect. The title does not
pass. There is really no grant here at all;
not even of this rock ; it is simply the right of
oceupaucy for a great public interest which is
conveyed.
I have now said what occurs to me as gov-
erning my vote on this question. I have no
doubt at all of the propriety of my course.
This question should be divorced in the minds
of members from the ordinary legislation on
the subject of lands granted to railroads. It
is entirely different; it is totally dissimilar.
Mr. WHEELER. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kil-
linger.]
Mr. KILLINGER. I am in hopes that the
discussion of this bill will not be confined
within the limits of the morning hour, and that
the sense of the House will be against allow-
ing the previous question to be sustained. I
know of various amendments that are yet to
be offered to this bill, and I hope they will all
receive a full and fair consideration. For my-
self, I have not been able to give this bill my
assent. I am desirous that it shall be fully
ventilated in the House before a final vote
is reached. I desire that the people who are
directly interested in the commercial aspect
of this question shall be heard from before the
final vote is taken. I hold in my hand a San
Francisco paper of last week, showing what
was the impression created in the commercial
circles on the Pacific coast when the news
reached that city that the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad had agreed to report this bill
favorably. I will send the paper—the Alta
Californian of last week—to the desk and
ask the Clerk to read the paragraph which I
have marked.
The Clerk read as follo-ws :
" Yesterday the interest manifested by our people
in contemplation of the proposed concession by
Congress of one half of Goat Island to the Central
Pacific railroad for depot purposes became greatly
intensified. Tho subject was talked of in all busi-
ness circles, and the general belief is that the pro-
posed grant would, if mado, not only destroy the
value of the harbor, but also result in crippling our
established commercial interests. A petition will bo
prepared andcirculated memorializing Congress and
protesting against the proposed action. A meeting
of citizens will probably be called for the purpose
of presenting the matter more fully before the pub-
lic. It is asked by many, however, that the Cham-
ber of Commerce and board of supervisors should
take steps in the matter, and that immediately. No
doubt if our people will only awake to the import-
ance of theoccasion, there will be an overwhelming
expression of disapprobation which our Represent-
atives and those of other States must feel bound to
respect."
Mr. KILLINGER. That paper, I think,
speaks the sentiment ofthe State of California,
and certainly of the city of San Francisco.
Mr. BANKS. And of the people of the
United States also.
Mr. KILLINGER. And it echoes the senti-
ments of the engineers of the Government
and of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey,
and I have no doubt that it speaks the senti-
ments of the people of this country who have
set their faces like flints against further grants
of public property to railroad corporations,
whether it be arable land in Minnesota or an
important rocky island in the harbor of San
Francisco, necessary to the defense of the
country. The principle that underlies both
grants is the same. And if gentlemen can
justify themselves in voting away an import-
ant island, necessary for the defense of the
country according to the authority of the en-
gineers and other responsible officers of this
Government—if they can justify themselves in
voting this away as a subsidy to a railroad,
they can justify themselves in giving away all
that is left of the public lands.
This railroad company has already received
$55,000,000. They have had power enough
to come into Congress and have the Govern-
ment lien which existed against them stricken
off, and the Government will ultimately have
to pay every dollar of that indebtedness. They
have not even paid any interest, except in the
way of extravagant charges for transportation.
The Government has given them twelve mil-
lion acres of land, and now they come here,
and, without any plea of indebtedness on our
part, without any good reason, and against the
remonstrances of all the officers of this Gov-
ment that have reported on this subject, so
far as I have been able to lay my hands on
their reports, insist that this bill shall be
hurried through in a morning hour.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do most decidedly
object to any such proceeding. It is substan-
tially a grant from which the Government will
never be able to recede. It is a virtual giving
away of the island, and all the experience in
our legislation .shows that these corporations
never surrender any privileges, but become
more grasping as they are encouraged. The
lust of subsidies grows by what it feeds upon.
For purposes of defense this island is of incal-
culable value. It cannot be replaced if given
away now. Its rocky foundation is the very
best place for military defenses, and just as it is,
is worth far more to the country than if it were
arable land. It will create a further monopoly
on the Pacific coast that will control and hold
in entire subjection all the commercial inter-
ests of that growing section of the country.
Shall all individual and private interests there
be bound hand and foot to this monopoly ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KILLINGER. I will just say that I
hope we will not have the previous question
sustained, but that we may have some further
opportunity to debate the proposition before
the House.
Mr. WHEELER. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Kellogg.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
move that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole, for the further consider-
ation of the deficiency appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
not quite expired.
Mr. KELLOGG. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, to
allow me to have fifteen minutes to speak on
this bill. I have not spoken during this Con-
gress more than five minutes on any subject.
I appeal to the gentleman to allow me to have
my fifteen minutes on this question.
Mr. KILLINGER. I hope the chairman
of our committee will make some arrangement
by which time will be given for an ample dis-
cussion of this question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If my friend
from Connecticut [Mr. Kellogg] will wait
until to-morrow morning, the fifteen minutes
which have been yielded to him will be just
as valuable to him then as they can be now.
The SPEAKER. The hour to which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler] was
entitled has just expired.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My motion does
not interfere at all with the right of the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Kellogg] to speak
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentlemanfrom New York [Mr. Wheeler]
if he has any motion to make that will bring
the House to a vote on tho bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire the House to
have the amplest scope for discussion on this
bill, and if an arrangement can be made by
unanimous consent, 1 do not care how much
time may be occupied, but in the absence of
any such arrangement I desire to call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. KILLINGER. I hope the House will
not sustain it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest that the
session of to-morrow be devoted to the discus-
sion of this bill until a certain hour, with the •
understanding that the previous question shall
then be considered as operating.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now in the
morning hour, and must remain there unless
otherwise ordered by the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let it run, then,
through the morning hour to-morrow, and then
if we find there is not sufficient time for debate,
some arrangement can be made. I do not like
to mortgage the future now,
Mr. BANKS. Let us have time for debate
and amendment.
