2328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
affects the Indian as it does the white man
in' that respoct. It does not come from dis-
tance ; it is au article that you cannot trans-
port. It consists of many elements that are
carried in no other way; with the wave and
tide of emigration it is a missionary unseen,
but not unfelt.
I hope, Mr. President, that the honorable
Senator from Kentucky will see that he had
better let these remnants tarry where they are.
They are fast fading away. Let them stay
where they are, and at least let them die at
their own little homes upon the borders of
civilization and Christianization.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not think the
Senator from Nevada is posted on the facts in
regard to this amendment. If he has heard
the amendment read, or if he will read it, he
will find that this removal is proposed not to
be had without" the consent and concurrence"
of these bands of the Chippewa Indians of
Lake Superior, "expressed in open council in
the usual manner.'' Their consent in open
council is therefore a condition-precedent to
any action contemplated under this amend-
ment. All that he says about forcing them
against their consent does not apply to this
amendment. Not a step can be taken until
their free consent in their council has been
fully had and obtained.
I agree in much that the honorable Senator
has said ; he has expressed to some extent the
convictions of my own judgment upon this very
difficult and important problem of dealing with
the Indians. I feel deeply for them. I would
that, by a higher power that; any human, they
might not only be civilized, but brought to a
realization of the immortality of their own
souls. I agree further that it cannot be done
by mere example ; but already the work of not
only their civilization but of their conversion
has become an active instrumentality. I wish
the honorable Senator could have heard read,
as I did but a few nights ago, a letter from a
converted Indian missionary preacher. He
not only tells of the good work that he is doing
among these Indians, but his prayer to Con-
gress and his cry for help is to keep white peo-
ple from coming there and demoralizing the
Indian tribe; that the work of seduction has
taken place, that the bad example of white
traders, "pale faces," as he terms them, is
absolutely an obstacle in his work. I think
the heart of the Senator would be touched if
he heard this letter, it is to effect this removal
by their own consent, to bring these bands to
a reservation in the same State large enough
not only to hold the La Poitite Indians, but
these Indians, that this amendment is proposed.
1 feel fur the Indian, but I have none of that
false sentimentality which would stop the pro-
gress of the civilization of the whites on ac-
count of the Indian. The inferior mast give
way to the superior ; but while that is true, let
us as the superior race, ay, sir, as a Christian
race, not only do justice, but take care of these
poor Indians. I should be the last Senator
upon this floor to offer any amendment which
had not been well considered first by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, then by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and then after full consulta-
tion by the Committee on Indian Affairs with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
The Senator says that the Indians are not to
be an obstacle in the way of progress. Why,
sir, this very amendment contemplates a re-
moval of the difficulty suggested by the Senator
from Nevada. The Northern Pacific railroad
runs directly through one of the reservations
proposed to be sold under this amendment.
The white traders who go there for lumber
corrupt the Indians. They do away with all
civil, moral, and religious influences. It is
to obviate that, to bring all these Indians into
one reservation iu the State of Wisconsin,
where every good influence, moral, civil, and
religious, can ba brought to bear on them,
that the Secretary of the Interior warmly
recommends this amendment; and I think if
my honorable friend from Nevada would look
at it carefully and read the letter which the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs addressed to
our committee, he would be satisfied of the
propriety of its adoption.
Mr. NYE. I have only a word to say. I
presume, if the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky had given us a full history of the mis-
sionary he speaks of, we should have found
that he was converted under the influence of
the whites.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will say to the hon-
orable'Senator that this younglndian minister
was taken by the Bishop of Minnesota, of the
Episcopal church, and not only educated but
received his religious training there.
Mr. NYE. Certainly. How long does my
honorable friend think it would have taken him
to receive it upon this reservation which he is
designating? What I claim is thatcontact with
the whites advances Indian civilization; and
if this Indian has got in his heart the idea that
whites must not come in to share fully even in
the influence of their religion, he has got to
have more of it before he is perfectly safe.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to offer a substitute
for this amendment. I have drawn it hastily:
That the reservations-
Naming them—
belonging to these Indians shall be surveyed, and
eaeh Indian, being the head of a family, shall be
entitled to select one hundred and sixty acres of
said land thus surveyed as a homestead, which shall
bo held as the individual property of the Indian
making tho selection without the power of aliena-
tion. The balance of said lands shall be sold for
cash under the preemption laws, and the money
received therefrom to be invested in United States
bonds for the benefit of said bands, the interest to
be used for their benefit as the Secretary of the
Interior shall direct.
Mr. COLE. Before this amecdment is voted
upon, I think it would be well uhat we should
understand the case as far as possible. In
1851 the United States Government entered
into a treaty with these Indians, among others
of the Chippewa bands. There are a large
number of bands of Indians under that name.
The two bands that it is proposed now shall
be removed from their present place of abode
comprise about fifteen hundred Indians, and
they are in possession of two reservations, one
of one hundred and twenty square miles, and
the other of one hundred and forty-four square
miles. The proposition is to remove them to
a reservation at a point on Lake Superior,
which reservation has something less than two
hundred square miles.
These bands of Chippewas being so limited
in number, and the distance to which they are
removed being so small, it being from one
portion of Wisconsin to another, it seems to
me that it certainly would not require to make
the transfer of them the large sum of $75,000,
even if it were to be used in part for the pur-
pose of establishing them in their new homes.
In other portions of the bill we have made
provision for these Indians in pursuance of
the treaty to which I have alluded. They are,
therefore, not at this time, nor will they be
next year or for year? to come, destitute of
such comforts of life as are provided for them
in pursuance of the treaty.
Let me suggest to my friend from Kentucky,
who moved the amendment, that this is hardly
a proper place for the consideration of a ques-
tion of this kind. I hope it may not be deemed
necessary to put it upon this bill; but let it be
left subject to consideration by itself. It is a
mStter of very considerable importance. It
may be of much importance to the people of
Wisconsin; but I do not think the people of
Wisconsin or their Representatives here take
any particular interest in the question. I sup-
pose if we were to get at the gist of the matter
we should find that this movement is in pursu-
ance of a desire to get possession of these two
reservations upon which it is alleged there is
valuable timber. This is a matter of some
importance when we consider that we have
now this existing treaty with these Indians.
I hope that neither the substitute proposed
nor the original amendment will be adopted.
I am inclined to move, therefore, that both be
laid on the table, stating that the subject should
come up by itself and be acted on separately
in an indeoendent bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves that the amendment to
the amendment and the amendment do lie on
the table.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carpenter,Cole, Edmunds, Gilbert,
Logan, Nye.Scott,Spencer,Stewart, and Vickers—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bay ard.Buckingham, Cald-
well, Casserly, Chandler, Conkling, Cooper, Cor-
bett, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut,
Perry of Michigan, EYciinghuysen, G-oldthwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Johnston, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood.Pome-
roy, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Schurz, Stevenson, Trumbull, West, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Wright—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Blair, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Cameron, Clayton, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Fenton, Flanagan. Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg, Kelly,
Lewis, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Rice,
Sherman, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
and Tipton—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stevexsos.]
Mr. STEWART. I think that substitute
will answer the purpose.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is the substitute in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is, as an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I learn from the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs that
there is a portion of these reservations on the
lake of good land. If the Indians are to be
removed, and we are to commence selling their
reservations, I want to give the Indians an
opportunity to select their lands and have the
portion of the reservation not needed by them
for homes sold. Are we eternally to pursue
this policy of removing Indians just as soon
as they get some land that you want? When
you want the land that you now propose to
put them on, you will move them again. Every
time you want laud you move them, and yet
you talk about permanent homes for Indians
and Indian rights ! That seems to me absurd.
You say you will take a'vote of the Indians in
open council on the question of removal. Do
you not suppose that the speculators who want
the land will get the vote? They understand
the Indian primaries better than the politicians
in this part of the country understand your
eastern primaries. What does a vote in open
council amount to? There is always a strag-
gling portion of a band that will not go iu and
the rest have to be bought off.
Here are two or three little reservations, as
I understand from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, belonging to these
Indians. Let them pick out the best land on
the best reservation, and let that be the home
of these Indians. If you have any desire to
do them any good at all, if there -is any sin-
cerity about this thing, do not spend your
money from seventy-five thousand to one hun-
dred thousand dollars at a time to move them
around from one reservation to another, so
that they never have any place where they can
have a home. I do not know but that I ought
to modify my amendment so as to give them a
space ot time, say two years or a year after
the survey, to make their selections of lands.
I prepared the substitute in a hurry, and I will
modify it so that after the period of two years
the residue not selected shall be sold.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modi-
fication will be made.
Mr. STEVENSON. The amendment which
I offered was prepared by the Commissioner
