536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
treasury, or to such officer as shall be desig-
nated by the laws of such State, Territory, or
District to receive, account for, and pay over
the same to the severel school districts entitled
thereto under such apportionment, which treas-
urer or officer shall be required to report, on
or before the 30th day of June of each year,
to the Commissioner of Education, a detailed
statement of the payments made and balance
in his hands withheld, unclaimed, or for any
cause unpaid. The term "school district"
at used in this act shall include cities, towns,
parishes, or snch other corporations as by law
are clothed with power of maintaining schools.
The eleventh section provides that in case
any State or Territory shall misapply, or allow
to be misapplied, or in any manner appropri-
ated or used other than for the purposes herein
required, the funds, or any part thereof, re-
ceived under the provisions of this act, or shall
fail to comply with the conditions herein pre-
scribed. or to report, as herein provided,
through its proper officers, the disposition
thereof, such State or Territory shall forfeit
its right to any subsequent apportionment, by
virtue hereof, until the full amount so misap-
plied, lost, or misappropriated shall have been
replaced by such State or Territory, and applied
as herein required, and until such report shall
have been made, and all apportionments so
forfeited and withheld shall be added to and
become part of the principal of the educational
fund hereby created, and the officer or offi-
cers, person or persons, so misapplying, misap-
propriating, squandering, or embezzling such
funds, or knowingly consenting thereto, shall
be deemed guilty of a felony, and, upon con-
viction thereof, shall be punished by fine in
double the amount so misapplied, misappro-
priated, squandered, or embezzled, or by im-
prisonment not less than one nor more than
three years, or by both such fine and imprison-
ment. in (he discretion of the court; provided,
that the conditions herein prescribed may be
subject to such modification or addition as
Congress may hereafter deem necessary for
the better accomplishment of the purposes of
this act.
The twelfth section provides that the circuit
courts of the United States shall have exclusive
jurisdiction of all offenses committed against
the provisions of this act, and shall have power
and authority, by the proper writ, to compel
the performance of the duties herein required
by any officer herein mentioned, and to re-
strain any undue and improper performance
of such duties.
Mr. PERCE. Mr. Speaker, I will now pro-
ceed to explain the bill.
Mr. IS ORCHARD. I rise to a point of order.
I do not know what course the gentleman pro-
poses to pursue, but I suggest that this bill
should be considered in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, or in the
House as in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It is a very important bill.
I make the point of order that it contains an
appropriation, and therefore under the rule
must have its first consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
_ Mr. PERCE. I do not understand that ques-
tion can now arise, and if there be no objection
I will proceed to explain the bill. Then if it
be the disposition of the House to send the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union [ shall not object.
, Mr. BURCHARD. It should receive con-
sideration, section by .section.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois make the point of order that the bill
makes an appropriation?
Mr. N1BLACK. I will make that point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana will please point out the portion of the bill
which makes an appropriation. If it does
make an appropriation it must go to theCom-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
Mr. BURCHARD. I hold that section ten
makes an appropriation ; that section provides
as follows:
_seo. 10. ThatUieamount apportioned to the school
districts of any State or Territory, or of the District
of Columbia, and certified as herein provided, shall
be paid upon the warrant of the Commissioner of
Education, countersigned by the Secretary of the
Interior, out of the Treasury of the United States,
to the State, territorial, or District treasury, or to
such officer as shall be designated by thelaws of such
State, Territory, or District to receivo, account for,
and pay over the same to the several school districts
entitled thereto under such apportionment, which
treasurer or officer shall be required to report, on or
before the 30th day of June of each year, to the Com-
missioner of Education, a detailed statement of the
payments made and balance in his hands withheld,
unclaimed, or for any cause unpaid.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that that
does not come within the rules of the House,
otherwise no land grants of any kind whatever
could be considered in the House. The objec-
tion to considering a bill in the House, and
which would send it to the Committee of the
Whole, is that provision which takes money
now in the Treasury of the United States out
of it. This is the setting apart of the public
lands for the future, the sale of which is to
create a certain sum, and section ten indicates
how that sum shall be disbursed. It is not,
within the nature of the parliamentary latf, an
appropriation bill, and the Chair does not,
therefore, sustain the point of order.
Mr. BURCHARD. The Chairsuggests that
this is a fund not in the Treasury, but to be
received from the sale of the public lands.
The SPEAKER. It is not now in the
Treasury.
Mr. BURCHARD. It is now by law in the
Treasury, until from year to year taken from
the Treasury by act of Congress. This section
fixes the mode by which this money is to be
drawn from the Treasury in the future. It
seems to me it is a direct affirmative appro-
priation of the moneys in the Treasury, or of
moneys which may come into the Treasury
berealter from the sale of public lands.
The SPEAKER. The bill proposes to de-
vote the public lands of the United States here-
alter to educational purposes as provided in
the first section, and the remainder of the bill
provides the machinery to carry that into effect,
making the United States the custodian of
the funds for which the public lands shall be
sold. The Chair cannot see how under any
rule of the House it can be considered as an
appropriation bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Let me ask a parliament-
ary question.
The SPE AKER. The Chair is glad to hear
any suggestion.
Mr. RANDALL. This bill, it is true, does
not make an appropriation, and I think the
Chair is correct in his ruling; but I wish to
know whether the bill does not require fur-
ther legislation when we shall have arrived at
a knowledge of the amount received into the
Treasury from the proceeds of the sale ?
The SPEAKER. That, the Chair appre-
hends, is in the nature of argument, which the
Chair cannot participate in.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood the Chair
to rule that this is not an appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it
is not an appropriation, because it does not
take out of the Treasury of the United States
a single dollar now in it.
Mr. RANDALL. My inquiry, then, is this:
if this be not an appropriation, would not fur-
ther legislation be required, in the nature of
an appropriation bill, to carry it out?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that there would; but the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] is Wfell
aware that this is a legislative rather than a
parliamentary point.
Mr. PERCE. I yield to the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Butler] to offer an
amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I offer the
following amendment:
In section four, line six, after the word " popula-
tion," add the following words: " of the said States
and Territories, between the ages of four and twenty-
one years."
Mr. MATNARD. I do not know if I en-
tirely apprehend the scope of the amendment
of my colleague, which relates to the enum-
eration of the scholastic population, and is
intended to include all between the scholastic
ages. I would suggest that four is too young,
and that six would be better.
Mr. PERCE. T would suggest to the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] that the
rule in different States in this respect is vari-
ous, and that many of the States in enumerat-
ing the school population include the ages
between four and twenty-one.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The morning
hour having expired, I move to proceed to
business on the Speaker's table; and pending
that, I move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole and proceed to the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1060) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses. And pending that motion, I move that
all general debate on the bill, when the same
shall be considered in Committee of the Whole,
shall be limited to one hour and a half.
The motion to limit the debate was agreed to.
The question was upon suspending the rules ;
and being taken, it was agreed to.
Accordingly the rules were suspended ; and
the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Wiieeler in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration o"f House
bill No. 1060, making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House,
all general debate upon this bill has been lim-
ited to one hour and a half.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the
first reading of this bill be dispensed with.
There was no objection ; and the first read-
ing of the bill was accordingly dispensed with.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
in opening the discussion of this bill I realize
the difficulties which at all times attend the
work of making appropriations for carrying
on this Government. But there are more than
ordinary difficulties attending the work of a
chairman who succeeds to a position which
has been so adorned as has the chairmanship
ol the Committee on Appropriations during the
last two years. The most I can now venture
is to express the hope that by the generous aid
of my colleagues on the committee and the
support of the House I may be able to follow, at
a humble distance, in the path he has traveled.
I would not occupy any time this morning
in the preliminary discussion of this bill ex-
cept for the fact that this general appropria-
tion bill, more than any other of the eleven
which will come before the House, embraces
in its scope nearly the whole civil establish-
ment of the Government. The approval of
this bill is, in a certain sense, the approval of
the whole system to which the other appropri-
ations will refer. If our general plan of ap-
propriations^ ought to be attacked this is the
place to begin. If they have a sufficient rea-
son for being in the mainwhat they are, that
sufficient reason can be given for the passage
of this bill substantially as it stands in the
print before us. I therefore beg the indul-
gence of the committee while 1 call atten-
tion to a few questions which have arisen in
my mind during the study I have given this
subject.
And first of all I will consider what part
expenditures play in the affairs of the Gov-
ernment. It is difficult to discuss expendi-
tures comprehensively without discussing also
the revenues; but I shall on this occasion
