1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3225
soldiers discharges.
Mr. HAY also, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back with an amend-
ment the bill (S. No. 309) to prohibit the re-
tention of soldiers' discharges by claim agents
and attorneys.
The bill was read. It provides that any
claim agent, attorney, or otherperson engaged
in the collection of claims for pay, bounty,
pension, or other allowances for any soldier,
Bailor, or marine, or for any commissioned
officer of the military or naval forces, or who
may have been a soldier, sailor, marine, or
officer of the regular or volunteer Army forces,
who shall improperly retain or refuse to de-
liver the discharge papers of any such soldier,
sailor, or marine, or commissioned officer,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall, upon conviction, be punished by fine
not exceeding $500, or by imprisonment not
exceeding six months, or both, at the discre-
tion of the court, and shall thereafter be de-
barred from prosecuting any such claim in any
executive Department of the Government.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows :
Strike out the wnrrls " improperly retain or refuse
to deliver the discharge papers of any such soldier,
sailor, or marine, or commissioned officer," ana
insert in lieu thereof the following:
Retain without the conscnt of the owner or own-
ers thereof, or shall refuse to deliver or account
for, upon demand duly made by the owner or own-
ers thereof, or by their agent or attorney, the dis-
chaige papers ot any such soldier, sailor, or marine,
or commissioned officer, which may have been placed
in his liands for the purpose of collecting said claim.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HAY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
protection of national cemeteries.
Mr. HAY also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (S. No. 446) to amend an
act entitled "An act to establish and to pro
tect national cemeteries," approved February
22, 1867, with an amendment.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized to select the superintendents of the
national cemeteries from meritorious and trust-
worthy soldiers, either commissioned officers
or enlisted men of the volunteer or regular
Army, who may have been disabled for active
field service in the line of duty.
The second section provides that the super-
intendents of the national cemeteries shall
receive for their compensation from seventy-
five to one hundred dollars per month, accord-
ing to the extent and importance of the ceme-
teries to which they may be respectively
assigned, to be determined by the Secretary.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Section two, linethreo, strike out "seventv-flve to
one hundred" and insert in lieu thereof the words
'sixty to seventy-five."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HA^lT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
company b, fourteenth regiment.
Mr. HAY also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (S. No. 449) authorizing
the issue of clothing to certain enlisted men
of company B, fourteenth regiment infantry,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to issue clothing in lieu of and equal in
value to that lost by those enlisted men of
company B, fourteenth regimentinfantry whose
quarters in the barraeks at Fort D. A. Russell,
Wyoming Territory, were destroyed by fire on
the morning of the 0th day of February, 1871.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HAY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. HAY also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (S. No. 647) to authorize
the Secretary of War to issue clothing to en-
listed men in place of clothing destroyed by
accident, with the recommendation that it be
laid on the table.
The bill was accordingly laid on the table.
national cemetery.
Mr. HAY also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2699) to amend an
act entitled " An act to establish and protect
national cemeteries," approved February 22,
1867 ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
and after the passage of this act ail soldiers
and sailors honorably discharged from the
service of the United States who may die in
a destitute condition shall be allowed burial in
the national cemeteries,of the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army appropriation bill of 1870.
Mr. HAY also, from the same committee,
reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1909) to re-
peal section six of an act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1870, and for other purposes," and moved
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAY also, from the same committee,
reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1602) to
repeal the sixth section of an act entitled " An
act making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1870, and lor other purposes," and moved
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its cleiks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No.
1070) making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year end-
ing June 30, 1873, with sundry amendments ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 1192) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives; that it disagreed to the amendments of
the House to other amendments of the Sen-
ate to said bill, and agreed to the conference
asked for by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed.
Mr. Cole, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Stevenson,
conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on its amendments to the bill
(H. R. No.1654) making appropriation for
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1872, and for former years,
and for other purposes, and that, it agreed to
the conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes of (he two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Cole, Mr. Fuelino-
huysen, and Mr. Alcorn, conferees on the
part of the Senate.
post office appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. PALMER, by unanimous
consent, the bill (H. R. No. 1070) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30,1873,
with Senate amendments, was taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations; and it was ordered that
the bill be reprinted, with the Senate amend-
ments numbered.
bounty law.
Mr. DONNAN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back the bill (H.
R. No, 1589) amendatory of existing bounty
laws and granting bounty to persons of color
who were slaves previous to the 19th of April,
1861, and who enlisted and setved in the
Army of the United States ; and moved that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that it be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
donation of condemned ordnance.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported as a substitute for sundry
b:lls which had been referred to the commit-
tee a bill (H. R. No. 2700) donating con-
demned cannon and cannon balls to certain
organizations for monumental purposes.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to deliver, if the same can be done
without detriment to the Government, four
condemned cannon and sixteen cannon balls,
to each of the following-named organizations,
for the purpose of ornamenting burial grounds
for deceased soldiers: to the John Russell
Lowell Encampment, Post No. 7, Grand Army
of the Republic, Boston, Massachusetts; to the
second regiment infantry, National Guards,
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; to the Philip
H. Sheridan Post, No. 34, Grand Army of the
Republic, of Salem, Massachusetts; to the
chairman of the Soldiers' Memorial Committee
of Worcester, Massachusetts; to the State
Fencibles of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; to
the commissioners of the State of New York
for erecting a monument on the grave of Baron
Steuben, in the town of Steuben, New York;
to the trustees of Riverside cemetery, Water-
bury, Connecticut; to the Soldiers' Monu-
ment Association, Midaletown, Connecticut;
to the Soldiers' Monument Association of
Meriden, Connecticut; to the Soldiers' Monu-
ment Association at Lebanon Pennsylvania ;
to the Post No. 146, Grand Army of the Re-
public, at Shenandoah, Schuylkill county,
Pennsylvania; to the Soldiers' Monument
Association, Kane county, Illinois.
Mr. McCORMiCK, of Missouri. How many
cannon does this bill propose to donate?
Mr. DONNAN. Four cannon and six balls
to each association.
Mr. McCORMiCK of Missouri. How many
pieces in the aggregate?
Mr. DONNAN. There are some ten or
twelve monuments to which donations are
made by the bill.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to amend the bill by
providing that one of the donations be to the
mayor ot the city of Worcester, Massachusetts,
in place of the chairman of the Soldiers' Memo-
rial Committee of Worcester, Massachusetts.
Mr. DONNAN. I accept that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
