1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4121
to the principle. The Morning Chronicle of
June3,1869, alter the canvass had commenced,
proclaimed of the candidate, "He is, moreover,
an advocate of the One Term principle as con-
ducing toward the proper administration of the
law—a principle with which so many prominent
Republicans have identified themselves that it
may be accepted as ati article of party faith."
Then again, July 14, the same organ insisted,
" Let not Congress adjourn without, passing the
One-Term amendment to the Constitution.
There has never been so favorablean opportun-
ity. All parties are in favor of it. General Grant
is in favor of it. The party that supports Gen-
eral Grant demands it, and above all else pub-
lic morality calls for it." Considering that these
pledges were made by an organ of the party,
and in his very presence, they may be accepted
as proceeding from him. His name must be
added to the list with Andrew Jackson, William
Henry Harrison, Henry Clay, and Benjamin
F. Wade, all of whom are enrolled against the
ineligibility of a President. •
But his example as President is more than
his testimony in showing the necessity of
this limitation. Andrew Jackson did not hes-
itate to say that it was required in order to
place the President " beyond the reach of any
improper influence and uncommitted to any
other course than the strict line of constitu-
tional duty." William Henry Elarrison fol-
lowed in declaring that with the adoption of
this principle "the incumbent would devote
all his time to the public interest and there
would be no cause to misrule the country."
Henry Clay was satisfied after much observa-
tion and reflection "that too much of the
time the thoughts and the exertions of the
incumbent are occupied during the first term
in securing his reelection." Benjamin F.
Wade, after denouncing the reeligibility of the
President, said: "There are defects in the
Constitution, and this is among the most
glaring."
And now our President by his example,
besides his testimony, vindicates all these
authorities. He makes us see how all that has
been predicted of Presidents seeking reelec-
tion is fulfilled j how this desire dominates
official conduct; how naturally the resources
of the Government are employed to serve a
personal purpose ; how the national interests
are subordinate to individual advancement;
how all questions, foreign or domestic, whether
of treaties or laws, are handled with a view to
electoral votes ; how the appointing power
lends itself to a selfish will, acting now by the
temptation of office and then by the menace
of removal; and, since every officeholder and
every officeseeker has a brevet com mission in
the predominant political party, how the Pres-
ident, desiring reelection, becomes the aciive
head of three cooperating armies, the army
of officeholders eighty thousand strong, the
larger ariny of officeseekers, and the army of
the political party, the whole constituting a
consolidated power which no candidate can
possess without peril to his country. Of these
vast cooperating armies the President is com-
mander-in-chief and generalissimo. Through
these he holds in submission even Represent-
atives and Senators, and makes the couiitry
his vassal with a condition not unlike that of
martial law where the disobedient are shot,
while the vaiious rings help secure the prize.
That this is not too strong appears from testi-
mony before a Senate Committee, where a pres-
idential lieutenant boldly denounced an eminent
New York citizen, who was a prominent can-
didate for Governor, as "obnoxious to General
Grant," and, then with an effrontery like
the presidential pretension, announced that
" President Grant was the representative and
head of the Republican party, and all good
Republicans should support him in all his
measures and appointments, and any one who
did not do it should be crushed out." Such
things teach how wise were those statesmen
who would not subject the'President to the
temptation or even the suspicion of using liia
vast powers in promoting personal ends.
Unquestionably the One Man Power has in-
creased latterly beyond example, owing partly
to the greater facilities of intercourse, espe-
cially by telegraph, so that the whole country
is easily reached ; partly to improvements in or-
ganization, by which distant places are brought
into unity; and partly through the protracted
prevalence of the military spirit created by the
war. There was a time in English history
when the House of Commons, on the motion
of the famous lawyer, Mr. Dunning, adopted
the resolution: "That the influence of the
Crown lias increased, is increasing, and ought
to be diminished." The same declaration is
needed with regard to the President; and the
very words of the parliamentary patriot may
be repeated. In his memorable speech, Mr.
Dunning, after saying that he did not rest "upon
proof idle to require," declared that the ques-
tion must be decided by the consciences of
those who, as a jury,, were called to determine
what was or was not within their own knowl-
edge." (Hansard, Parliamentary History,
April, 1780, Vol. XXI, p. 347.) It was on
ground of notoriety cognizable to all that he
acted. And precisely on this ground, but also
with specific proofs, do I insist that the influ-
ence of the President has increased, is increas-
ing, and ought to be diminished. But in this
excellent work, well worthy the best efforts of
all, nothing is more important than the limit-
ation to one term.
There is a demand for reform in the Civil
Service, and the President formally adopts this
demand ; but he neglects the first step, which
depends only on himself. From this we may
judge his little earnestness in the cause. Be-
yond all question, Civil Service Reform must
begin by a limitation of the .President to one
term, so that the temptation to use the appoint-
ing power for personal ends may disappear from
our system, and this great disturbing force
cease to exist. If the President is sincere for
reform, it will be easy for him to set the exam-
ple by declaring again his adhesion to the One-
Term principle. But even if he fails we must
do our duty.
Therefore, in opposing tho prolonged power
of the present incumbent, I begin by insisting
that, for the good of the country and without
reference to any personal failure, no President
should be a candidate for reelection ; and it is
our duty now to set an example worthy of Re-
publican Institutions. In the name of the One-
Term principle, once recognized by him, and
which needs no other evidence of its necessity
than his own Presidency, 1 protest against his
attempt to obtain another lease of power.
But this protest is on the threshold.
UNFITNESS FOR THE PRESIDENTIAL OFFICE.
I protest against him as radically unfit for
the presidential.office, being essentially mili-
tary in nature, without experience in civil life,
without aptitude for civil duties, and without
knowledge of Republican Institutions, all of
which is perfectly apparent, unless we are
ready to assume that the matters and things
set forth to-day are of no account—and then
declare in further support of the candidate,
boldly that nepotism in a President is noth-
ing, that gift-taking with repayment in official
patronage is nothing, that violation of the
Constitution anu of law international and mu-
nicipal is nothing, lhat indignity to the African
race is nothing, that quarrel with political as-
sociates is nothing, and that all his presiden-
tial pretensions in their motley aggregation,
being a new Csssarism or personal govern-
ment, are nothing. But if these are all noth-
ing, then is the Republican party nothing;
nor is there any safeguard for Republican
Institutions.
APOLOGIES.
Two apologies I hear.
The first is that he means well and errs from
want of knowledge. This is not much. It was
said of Louis the Quarreler, that he meant
well; nor is there a slate head-stone in any
village burial ground that does not record as
much of the humble lodger beneath. Some-
thing more is needed for a President. Nor
can we afford to perpetuate power in a ruler
who errs so much from ignorance. Charity
for the past I concede ; but no investiture for
the future.
The other apology is that his Presidency has
been successful. How? When? Where? Not
to him can be attributed that general prosperity
which is the natural outgrowth of our people
and country, for his contribution is not traced in
the abounding result. Our golden fields, pro-
ductive mines, busy industry, diversified com-
merce owe nothing to him. Show, then, his
success. Is it in the finances? The national
debt has been reduced; but not to so large
an amount as by Andrew Johnson in the
same space of time. Little merit is due to
either, for each employed the means allowed
by Congress. To the American people is
this reduction due, and not to any President.
And while our President in this respect is no
better than his predecessor, he can claim no
merit for any systematic effort to reduce taxa-
tion or restore specie payments. Perhaps,
then, it is in foreign relations that he claims
the laurels he is to wear. Knowing some-
thing of these from careful study and years of
practical acquaintance, I am bound to say
that never before has their management been
so wanting in ability and so absolutely without
character. In every direction is muddle—
muddle with Spain, muddle with Cuba, muddle
with the Black Republic, muddle with distant
Corea, muddle with Venezuela, muddle with
Russia, muddle with England—on all sides
one diversified muddle. To this condition are
we reduced. When before in our history have
we reached any such bathos as that to which
we have been carried in our questions with
England ? Are these the laurels for a presi-
dential candidate? But where are they 1 Are
they found on the Indian frontier? Let the
cry of massacre and blood from that distant
region answer. Are they in reform of the civil
service? But here the initial point is the lim-
itation of the President to one term, so that
he may be placed above temptation ; but this
he opposes. Evidently he is no true reformer.
Are these laurels found in the administration
of the Departments? Let the discreditable
sale of arms to France in violation of neutral
duties and of municipal statute be the answer,
and let the custom houses of New York and
New Orleans with their tales of favoritism and
of nepotism, and with their prostitution as
agencies, mercenary and political, echo back
the answer, while senatorial committees organ-
ized contrary to a cardinal principle of Parlia-
mentary Law as a cover to these scandals, tes-
tify also. Where, then, are the laurels? At
last I find them fresh and brilliant in the har-
mony which the President has preserved among
Republicans. Harmony do I say? This should
have been his congenial task ; nor would any
aid or homage of mine been wanting. But
instead he has organized discord operating
through a succession of rings, and for laurels
we find only weed« and thistles.
But I hear that ho is succcssful in the States
once ill rebellion. Strange that this should
be said while we are harrowed by the reports
of Ku Klux outrages. Here, as in paying the
national debt, Congress has been the effect-
ive power. Even the lust extraordinary meas-
ure became necessary, in my judgment, to
supplement his little efficiency. Had the Pres-
ident put into the protection of the colored
people at the South half the effort and earn-
est will wiih which he maintained his S>".
Domingo contrivance, the murderous Ku Klux
would have been driven from the field and
peace assured. Nor has he ever exhibited to
the colored people any true sympathy. His
conduct to Frederick Douglass on his return
from St. Domingo is an illustration, and so
also was his answer to the committee of colored
