1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
allude to the revenues only on a single point.
Bevenue and the expenditure of revenue
form by far the most important element in
th? government of modern nations. Beve-
nue is not, as some one has said, the friction
of a Government, but rather its motive power.
Without it the machinery of Government can-
not move, and by it all the movements of a
Government are regulated. The expenditure
of revenue forms the grand level from which
all heights and depths of legislative action are
measured. The increase and diminution of the
burdens of taxation depend alike upon their
relation to this level of expenditures. That
level once given, all other policies must con-
form to it and be determined by it. The ex-
penditure and distribution of revenue, there-
fore, form the best test of the health, the wis-
dom, and the virtue of a Government. Is a
Government corrupt, that corruption will inev-
itably, sooner or later, show itself at the door
of the treasury in demands for expenditures.
There is scarcely a conceivable form of cor-
ruption or public wrong that does not at last
present itself at the cashier's desk and demand
payment. The Legislature, therefore, that
stands at the cashier's desk and watches with its
Argus eyes the demands for payment over the
counter is most certain to see all the forms
of public rascality. Al that place, too, we may
feel the nation's pulse; we may determine
whether it is in the delirium of fever or whether
the currents of its life are flowing with the
steady throbbings of health. What could have
torn down the gaudy fabric of the late Gov-
ernment of France so effectually as the simple
expedient of compiling and publishing a bal-
ance-sheet of the expenditures of Napoleon's
Government, as compared with the expendi-
tures of the fifteen years which preceded his
reign? The quiet student of finance exhib-
ited the fact that during fifteen years of Napo-
leon's reign he had increased the expenditures
of the Government by the enormous total of
$350,000,000 in gold per annum. Much of
this vast sum had been covered up under various
forms of statement, but the merciless arith-
metician stripped off the covering and showed
the yawning, bottomless gulf into which France
was rushing to certain and inevitable ruin. Ere
long she took the fatal plunge. ■ She had kept,
on a fair exterior, but all the while the solid
foundations of her strength were being honey-
combed through and through by extravagance
and corruption in her finances; and at last she
went down in the smoke and desolation of war.
It was only the crashing through of the worth-
less fabric that was ready to perish when the
occasion should come. We have seen in some
of our own municipal governments, and per-
haps in some of our State governments, the
same process going on, which, it not arrested,
must ultimately bring them to a fate hardly
less deplorable.
Such, in my view, are the relations which
the expenditures of the revenue sustain to the
honor and safety of the nation. How, then,
shall they be regulated ? By what gauge shall
we determine the amount of revenue that
ought to be expended by a nation ? This ques-
tion is full of difficulty, and I can hope to do
little more than to offer a few suggestions in
the direction of its solution.
And, first, I remark that the mere amount
of the appropriation is in itself no test. To
say that this Government is expending $292,-
000,000 a year, may be to say that we arc penu-
rious and niggardly in our expenditures, or
may be to say that we are lavish and prodi-
gal. There must be some means of relative
judgment, some test by which we can determ-
ine whether our expenditures are reasonable
or exorbitant. It has occurred to me that two
tests cau be applied.
The first and most important is the relation
of expenditure to the population. In some
ratio corresponding to the increase of popu-
lation it may be reasonable to increase its ex-
penditures. This is the test usually applied
in Europe. For instance, in a table I have
before me of the expenditures of the British
Government for the last twenty-two years, I
find the statement made over against the
annual average of each year of the expend-
iture per capita of the population. No doubt
that test is valuable. But how shall it be
applied? Shall the increase of expenditures
keep pace with the increase of population?
We know that population tends to increase in
a geometrical ratio, at a per cent, compounded
annually. If the normal increase of expend-
itures follows the same law, we might look
forward to the future with alarm. It is mani-
fest, however, that the necessity of expend-
itures does not keep pace with the mere in-
crease of numbers; and while the total sum of
moneys expended must necessarily be greater
from year to year, the amount per capita
ought in all well-regulated Governments in
time of peace to grow gradually less.
But in a country like ours there is another
element besides population that helps to de-
termine the movement of expenditures. That
element can hardly be found in any other
country than ours. It is the increase and set-
tlement of our territory, the organic increase
of the nation by the addition of new States.
To begin with the original thirteen States, and
gauge expenditure till now by the increase of
population alone, would be manifestly incor-
rect. But the fact that there have been added
twenty-four States, and that we now have nine
Territories, not including Alaska, brings a new
and important element into the calculation.
It is impossible to estimate the effect of that
element upon expenditures. But if we exam-
ine our own expenditures from the beginning
of the Government it will appear that every
great increase of settled territory has very con-
siderably added to the expenditures.
If these reflections be just, it will follow that
the ordinary movement of our expenditures
depends upon the action of two forces: first,
the natural growth of population, and second,
the extension of our territory and the increase
in the number of our States. Some day, no
doubt—and I hope at no distant day—we shall
have reached the limit of territorial expansion.
I hope we have reached it now, except to
enlarge the number of the States within our
borders; and when we have settled our unoc-
cupied lands, when we have laid down the
fixed and certain boundaries of our country,
then the movement of our expenditure in time
of peace will be remitted to the operation of
the one law, the increase of population. That
law. as I have already intimated, is not an
increase by a per cent, compounded annually,
but by a per cent, that decreases annually. No
doubt the expenditures will always increase
from year to year; but they ought not to
increase by the same per cent, from year to
year; the per cent, of increase ought gradually
to grow less.
In England, for example, where the terri-
tory is fixed, and they are remitted to the sin-
gle law of increase of population, their in-
crease of expenditure during the last twenty-
two years of peace has been only about one
and three quarters per cent, compounded an-
nually. I believe nobody has mado a very
careful estimate of the rate in our country;
we have been too irregular in that respect.
But a gentleman who has given much attention
to the subject expressed to me the belief that
we have been increasing our expenditures in
the time of peace about eight per cent, com-
pounded annually. I can hardly believe that,
yet I am sure that somewhere between that rate
and the English rate will be found our rate of
increase in times of peace. I am aware that
such estimates as these are unsatisfactory, and
that nothing short of the actual test of expe-
rience can determine the movements of our
expenditures; but these suggestions, which
have resulted from some study of the subject,
I offer for the reflections of those who care to
follow them out.
Thus far I have considered the expend-
itures that arise in times of peace. Any
view of this subject would be incomplete if
it did not include a consideration of the effect
of war upon the national expenditures. I
have been speaking of .what the rate ought
to be in time of peace, for the civil manage-
ment proper of the country. We come now
for a moment to consider the effect of the rate
of increase of expenditures that war brings.
And here we are confronted with that anarchic
element, the plague of nations, which Jeremy
Ben tham called'1 mischief on the largest scale.''
After the fire and blood of the battle-fields have
disappeared, nowhere does war show its de-
stroying powerso certainly and so relentlessly
as in the columns which represent the taxes
and expenditures of the nation. Let me illus-
trate this by two examples.
In 1792, the year preceding the commence-
ment of the great wars of England against
Napoleon, the expenditures of Great Britain
were less than twenty million pounds sterling.
■During the twenty-four years that elapsed,
from the commencement of that wonderful
series of struggles until its close at Waterloo,
in 1815, the expenditures rose by successive
bounds, until, in one year near the close of
the war, it reached the enormous sum of
£106,750,000.
The enormous increase of the public debt,
added to the natural growth of the country,
made it impossible for England ever to reach
its old level of expendituie. It took twenty
years after Waterloo to reduce the expendi-
tures £77,750,000. the average annual expendi-
tures of the second decade of the century to
£45.750,000, the expenditure for 1835.
This last figure was the lowest which Eng-
land has known during the century. Then
followed nearly forty years of peace, from
Waterloo to the Crimean war in 1854. The
figures for that period may be taken to repre-
sent the natural growth of expenditures in
England. During that period the expenditures
increased, in a tolerably uniform, ratio, from
£45,750,000, the amount for 1835, to about
fifty-one million seven hundred and fifty thou-
sand pounds, the average for the five years end-
ing 1853—54. This increase was about four mil-
lion dollars of our money per annum. Then
came the Crimean war of 1854 to 1856, during
the year of which the expenditures rose to
£84,500,000.
Again, as after the Napoleonic war, it re-
quired several years for the expenditures of
the kingdom to get down to the new level of
peace, which level, of course, was higher than
that of the former peace.
During the last ten years the expenditures
are again gradually increasing: the average
for the six years ending with 1871 being
£68,750,000. "
As the second example of the effect of war
on the movement of national expenditures, I
call attention to our own history in this regard.
Considering the ordinary expenses of the
Government, exclusive of payments on the
principal and interest of the public debt, the
average may he stated thus :
Beginning with 17!H, the last decade of the
eighteenth ceuturj1 showed an annual average
of §3,750.000. During the first decade of
the present century the average was nearly
$5,500,000. Or, commencing with 17'Jl, there
followed twenty years of peace, during which
the annual average of ordinary expenditures
had more than doubled. Then followed four
years, from 1812 to 1815, inclusive, in which
the war with England swelled the average to
§25,500,000. . Daring the five years succeed-
ing that war the average was 816,500,000;
and it was not until 1S21 that the new level
of peace was reached. During the five years,;
from 1820 to 1825. inclusive, the annual aver-
age was £11.500.000. From 1825 to_ 1830 it
was $13,000,000. From 1830 to 1835 it was
$17,000,000. From 1835 to 1840, in which
period occurred the Seminole war, it was
