2330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Mr. COLE. The next line would be incon-
sistent then.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If this is agreed to, the
other can be fixed afterward.
Mr. STEWART. I will go on down to the
sixteenth liue so as to take out the whole
clause.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope that amend-
ment will not be adopted, because I think the
land ought to be offered either in severalty or
entirety as may produce the most money for
the Indians. A man might desire the whole
tract and give a larger price for it than would
be received for sales of small parcels.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada to the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Kentucky from the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I have put into some-
what different phraseology the amendment I
offered before, and 1 offer it in this form :
And the minor children of Sophia Foyles shall
be taken and deemed as within the purview of said
sections, and shall through a lawful guardian be
entitled to the benefit thereof.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That ought to come in
at the end of the amendment adopted the
other day respecting carrying into effect the
ninth and tenth sections of a certain act that
is referred to. The Secretary will know where
to put it. I have 110 objection to the amend-
ment coming in at that place.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to which I believe there is no ob-
jection, to come in after the amendment for
surveys, which was inserted after line fifteen
hundred and fifty:
Provided, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office may allow for surveying Grande Ronde
reservation the samo as allowed for the survey of
other similar reservations in the State of Oregon,
out of any money heretofore appropriated for that
purpose, shouldhedeem itjust.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand that.
Is the Cornmissionerof theGeneral Land Office
going to survey an Indian reservation ?
Mr. CORBETT. He is authorized by law
to survey it or cause it to be surveyed.
Mr. POMEROY. A law authorizing him
to survey an Indian reservation ? I never heard
of that.
Mr. CORBETT. The accounts are adjusted
in his department and allowed according to
law. I will state this case to the Senator:
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
authorized the surveyor general to contract
with the sarvsyors to survey Indian reserva-
tions ; this case is one iu which the surveyor
general entered into a contract with a surveyor
and inserted the price. The man was oil his way
when he received these contracts, one of them
being filled up and the others not being filled
up. He did not allow the piice authorized by
the law, and the same price that was allowed
for the survey of other Indian reservations.
When the contractor ascertained what he was
allowed, he declined to proceed with the work.
The surveyor general wrote to him a letter that
if he would proceed with his work he would
recommend to the Department to allow him
the samethatthey allowed theothers; but when
this gentleman, who is now in town, came
here to settle his accounts he found that they
had not allowed him the price that they allowed
others, and he asks that he may be allowed
that. The Commissioner says that he cannot
allow it, as the contract stipulates a fixed piice
without an act of Congress. We appropriated
$4,000 for the survey of this reservation last
year. His whole contract, if allowed at this
rate, will amount to $3,423 81, leaving a bal-
ance.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator has made
out that this is a private elaim. I did not
intend to make that point; but I ask him
whether there is any authority of law to survey
this reservation at all?
Mr. CORBETT. There is.
Mr. POMEROY. Has the Indian title
become extinguished?
Mr. CORBETT. The Indian title has not
become extinguished; but we made an appro-
priation last year for the survey, and the
treaty provides by the survey of this reserva-
tion. This amendment is simply to allow the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
settle the account, and to allow the same price
that he allowed the others. I hope there will
be no objection to it.
Mr. COLE. Clearly, on the statement of
my friend from Oregon, this is a private claim;
and I raise the point of order.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope not. The Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs have authorized me
to offer this, and I explained the matter to the
Senator from Vermont and the Senator from
California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the point
of order is made that this is not to carry out
an existing law, the Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 believe it is to carry out
an existing law to survey the reservation. This
is simply to authorize the Commissioner to
allow the account.
Mr. POMEROY. I feel no interest in any-
thing now but the point of order. I always
insist on having points of order decided cor-
rectly. No matter whether this is to carry out
the provisions of an existing law or not, there
is no way to get a private claim on a general
appropriation bill. If all the committees of
the Senate report in favor of it, or if the De-
partment recommend it. or if it is provided
for in a treaty, you cannot get a private claim
on in any way. The last part of the thirtieth
rule provides that no amendment shall be
received whose object is to provide for a pri-
Ol&l (1)^
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will read the clause of the thirtieth rule re-
ferred to:
"And no amendment shall be received whose
object is to provide for a private claim, unless it be
to carry out the provisions of an existing law or
treaty stipulation."
The Chair propounded that question to the
Senator from Oregon, whether it was to carry
out an existing law. If so, the Chair will
overrule the point of order.
_ Mr. CORBETT. It is to carry out a pro-
vision of law, a treaty stipulation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no ques-
tion is made on that point, the Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood that was
not the state of the facts.
Mr. CORBET f. It is to carry out a treaty
stipulation. The treaty does provide that
the land shall be surveyed.
Mr. POMlfiROY. I did not know that fact.
Mr. CORBETf. That is so. I stated it
to the Senate.
Mr. COLE. This is certainly a private claim
as I understand it. A certain surveyor enters
into a contract to survey the boundaries of an
Indian reservation. He finds that part of it
perhaps is more difficult than he anticipated,
and this is a claim to make up the rate per
mile of surveying at a larger rate than is
called for in his contract. We ought to have
the law before us to which the Senator from
Oregon refers. I should like to see the law
which this amendment proposes to carry out.
.The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe that upon the statement of the
Senator from California that this is a mere
question of the amount of compensation, it is
clearly within the rule. The Chair therefore
overrules the pointof order. The amendment
is in order.
Mr. CORBETT. If it is in order, I hope
the question will be taken. I believe there
can be no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Oregon.
The question beingput, a division was called
for, and the ayes were nine.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 14 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Casserly, Chand-
ler, Corbett, Ferry of Connecticut, Frelingliuysen,
Goidthwaite, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt,Bamsey, Robertson, Sehurz, Stevenson, Stew-
art, Tipton, West, and Windom—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole. Cooper, Edmunds, Fenton,
Ferry of Michigan, Hamilton ot Texas, Hamlin,
Logan, Sawyer, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, Vick-
ers, and Wright—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bay-
ard, Blair, Boreman, Brownlow, Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Clayton. Conkling, Cragin, Davis
of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan.
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, Keiiogg,
Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Eice, Saulsbury. Scott, Spencer, Sprague,
Stockton, Thurman. and Wilson—34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment as an additional section:
Sec.—. That if any person other than an Indian or
person incorporated into the Indian tribe by treaty
stipulation, shall knowingly and willfully squat or
settle upon lands holden by any Indian or Indian
tribe by treaties or other title from the United States,
or attempt to occupy or hold any portion of said
lands, or to reside within the limits of said lands
or territory without authority or license irom the
United States, he shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and forever after incompetent to acquire
title to such lands, and be liable upon indictment
in any district or circuit court of the United States
toafinenot exceeding 8500, and imprisonment not
exceeding one year, at the discretion of the court.
And for the purpose of carrying into effect the pro-
visions of this section, tho provisions of an act enti-
tled "An act to regulate trade and intercourse with
the Indians, and to preserve peace on the frontiers,"
shall be held to be applicable; and it shall be the
duty of the superintendents and agents of the In-
dian tribes in the several districts to give inform-
ation of the same to the district attorney of the
United States for the appropriate district, and to
endeavor to procure the arrest of, and bring to
speedy trial, all persons violating the provisions of
this section.
Mr. POMEROY. The object of the Sen-
ator in this amendment, I think, is a good
one, and yet its scope is so large that it will
subject men to fine and imprisonment for
going into all those vast, unoccupied portions
of the country where the Indian title has not
been extinguished. If the Senator would
confine it to well-defined Indian reservations
that have been solemnly set apart for the In-
dians—I mean those diminished reservations
that have been solemnly set apart for and con-
secrated to the Indians—that would be one
thing. I presume that is what the Senator
aims at. But, to say that in a section of coun-
try where the Indian title is not extinguished,
because I think that will embrace the section
of country where our miners are 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It does not sav
that.
Mr. POMEROY. Then let us hear what it
does say. That is the way I understand it.
If this amendment is intended to include the
whole of the United States where the Indian
title has not been extinguished, it will not do
at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course I do
not contemplate any such thing. Let it be
read again.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to hear it again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. That is pretty broad.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is just pre-
cisely as broad as your treaties, and it says
that if any man other than an Indian, or person
having aright thereby our treaty stipulations,
shall knowingly and willfully go upon these
lands that the Indians hold by treaty stipu-
lations from the Government of the United
