4122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
fellow-citizens seeking his countenance for
the spending measure, of Civil Eights. Some
thought him indifferent; others found him
insulting. Theu came his recent letter to the
great meetiug at Washington, May 9, 1872,
called to assert these rights, where he could
say nothing more than this: '.'I beg to assure
you, however, that I sympathize most cordially
in any effort-to secure for alt our people of
whatever race, nativity or color, the exercise
of those rights to which every citizen should
be entitled." Of course, everybody is in favor
of "the rights to which every citizen should
be entitled." But what are these rights?
And this meaningless juggle of words, entirely
worthy of the days of slavery, is all that is
vouchsafed by the President for the equal
rights of his colored fellow-citizens.
I dismiss the apologies, with the conclusion
that in the matters to which they invite atten-
tion, his Presidency is an enormous failure.
the president as candidate.
Lookingat his daily life as it becomes known
through the press or conversation, his chief
employment seems the dispensation of patron-
age, unless society is an employment. For
this he is visited daily by Senators and Repre-
sentatives bringing distant constituents. The
Executive Mansion has become that famous
treasury trough, described so well by an early
Congressional orator :
"Such, running, such jostling,such wriggling, such
clambering over one another's backs, such squealing
because the_ tub is so narrow and the company is
so crowded."—Speech of Jonah Quinci/, January 30,
1811, Amuth of Congress, page 851.
To sit behind is the Presidential occupation,
watching and feeding the animals. If this were
an amusement only it might be pardoned; but
it must be seen in a more serious light. Some
nations are governed by the sword, in other
words by central force commanding obedience.
Our President governs by offices, in other words
by the appointing power, being a central force
by which he coerces obedience to his personal
will. Let a Senator or .Representative hesi-
tate in the support of his autocracy or doubt
if he merits a second term, and forthwith
some distant consul or postmaster, appointed
by his influence, begins to tremble. The
"Head Centre" makes himself felt to the
mostdistant circumference. Can such tyranny,
where the military spirit of our President, finds
a congenial field, be permitted to endure?
In adopting him as a candidate for reelec-
tion we undertake to vindicate his Presidency,
and adopt in all things the insulting, incapable,
aid-de-campish dictatorship which he has
inaugurated. Presenting his name we vouch
for his fitness, not only in original nature, but
in experience of civil life, in aptitude for civil
duties, in knowledge of Republican Institu-
tions and elevation of' purpose; and we must
be ready to defend openly what he has openly
done. Can Republicanshones'tly do this thing?
Let it be said that he is not only the greatest
nepotist among Presidents, but greater than
all others together, and what Republican
can reply? Let it be said that he is not only
the greatest gift-taker among Presidents, but
the only one who repaid Ins patrons at the
public expense, and what Republican can re-
ply? Let it be said that he has openly vio-
lated the Constitution and International Law,
in the prosecution of a wretched contrivance
against the peace of St. Domingo, and what
Republican can reply? Let it be said that
wielding the power of the Great Republic he
has insulted the Black Republic with a menace
of war, involving indignity to the Afiican race,
and what Republican can reply ? Let it be said
that he has set up presidential pretensions with-
out number, constituting an undoubted C®sar"-
isin or personal government, and what Repub-
lican can reply? And let it be added that,
unconscious of all this misrule, he quarrels
without cause even with political supporters
and on such a, scale as to become the greatest
presidential quarreler of o-ur history, quarrel-
ing more than all other Presidents together,
and what Republican can reply? It will not
be enough to say that he was triumphant in
war. as Scipio, the victor of Hannibal, re-
minded the Roman people that on this day
he conquered at Zama. Others have: been
triumphant in war and failed in civil life, as
Marlborough, w.hose heroic victories seemed
unaccountable in the frivolity, the ignorance,
and the heartlessness of his pretended states-
manship. To Washington was awarded that
rarest tribute, "first in war, first in peace,
and first in the hearts of his countrymen."
Of our President it will be said willingly,
"first in war," but the candid historian will
add, "first in nepotism, first in gift-taking
repaid by official patronage, first in presi-
dential pretensions, and first in quarrel with
his countrymen."
Anxiously, earnestly, the country asks for
reform, and stands tip-toe to greet the com-
ing. But how-expect reform from a President
who needs it so much himself? Who shall
reform the reformer? So, also, does the coun-
try ask for purity. But is it'not vain to seek
this boon from one whose presidential preten-
sions are so demoralizing? Who shall purify
the purifier ? The country asks for reform in
the civil service, but how expect any such
change from one who will not allow the pres-
idential office to be secured against its worst
temptation ? The country desires an exam-
ple for the youth of the land, where intelligence
shall blend with character and both be elevated
by a constant sense of duty with unselfish de-
votion to the public weal. But how accord
this place to a President who makes his great
office a plaything aud perquisite, while his
highest industry is in quarreling? Since San-
cho Panza at Barataria no Governor has done
so well for his relations at the expense of his
country, and if any other has made Cabinet
appointments the return for personal favors,
his name has dropped out of History. A man
is known by his acts ; so, also, by the company
lie keeps. And is not our President known
by his intimacy with those who are by-words
of distrust? But all these by-words look to
another term for perpetuation of their power.
Therefore, for the sake of reform and purity,
which is a longing of the people, and also that
the Chief Magistrate may be an example, we
must seek a remedy.
See for one moment how pernicious must
be the presidential example. First in place,
his personal influence is far-reaching beyond
that of any other citizen. What he does others
will do. What he fails to do others will fail
to do. His standard of conduct will be ac-
cepted at least by his political supporters.
His measure of industry and his sense of duty
will be the pattern tor the country. If he ap
points relations to office and repays gifts by
official patronage making his Presidency, " a
great Gift Enterprise," may not every office-
holder do likewise, each in his sphere, so that
nepotism and gift-taking officially compensated
will be general and gift enterprises be multi-
plied indefinitely in the public service? If
he treats his trust as plaything and perquisite,
why may not every office-holder do the same ?
If he disregards constitution and law in the
pursuit of personal objects how can we expect
a just subordination from others? If he sets
up pretensions without number,"repugnant to
Republican institutions, must not the good
cause suffer? If he is stubborn, obstinate, and
perverse are not stubbornness, obstinacy and
perversity commended for imitation ? If he
insults and wrongs associates in official trust,
who is safe from the malignant influence hav-
ing its propulsion from the Executive Man-
sion ? If he fraternizes with jobbers and Hes-
sians, where is the limit to the demoralization
that must ensue ? Necessarily the public ser-
vice takes its character from its elected chief
and the whole country reflects the President.
His example is a law. But a bad example
must be corrected as a bad law.
appeal to the republican fakty.
To the Republican party, devoted to ideas
and principles, I turn now with more than
ordinary solicitude. Not willingly can I see it
sacrificed. Not without earnest effort against
the betrayal can I suffer its ideas and princi-
ples to be lost in the personal pretensions of
one man. Both the old parties are in a crisis,
with this difference between the two. The
Democracy is dissolving; the Republican party
is being absorbed. The Democracy is falling
apart, thus visibly losing its vital unity; the
Republican party is submitting to a personal
influence, thus visibly losing its vital charac-
ter. The Democracy is ceasing to exist. The
Republican party is losing its identity. Let
the process be completed, and it will be no
longer that Republican party which I helped
to found and have always served, but only a
personal party, while instead of those ideas
and principles which we have been so proud
to uphold will be presidential pretensions,
and instead of Republicanism there will be
nothiilg but Grantism.
Political parties are losing their sway.
Higher than party are country and the duty to
save it from Csesar. The caucus is at last un-
derstood as a political engine, moved by wire-
pullers, and it becomes more insupportable in
proportion as directed to personal ends; nor is
its character changed when called a National
Convention. Here too are wire-pullers, and
when the great Officeholder and the great
Officeseeber are one and the same, it is easy to
see how naturally the engine responds to the
central touch. A political convention is an
agency and convenience, but never a law, least
ot alia despotism ; and when it seeks to impose
a candidate whose name is a synonym of pre-
tensions unrepublican iu character and hostile
to good government, it will be for earnest
Republicans to consider well how clearly party
is subordinate to country. Such a nomination
can have no just obligation. Therefore with
unspeakable interest will the country watch
the National Convention at Philadelphia. It
may be an assembly (and such is my hope!)
where ideas and principles are above all per-
sonal pretensions, and the unity of the party
is symbolized in the candidate or it may add
another to presidental rings, being an expan-
sion of the military ring at the Executive
Mansion, the senatorial ring in this Chamber,
and the political ring iu the custom-hous.es
of New York and New Orleans. A National
Convention which is a presidental ring cannot
represent the Republican party.
Much rather would I see the party, to which
I am dedicated, under the image of a life-boat
not to be sunk by wind or wave. How often
have 1 said this to cheer my comrades. I do
not fear the Democratic party. Nothing from
them can harm our life-boat. But I do fear a
quarrelsome pilot, unused to the sea, but pre-
tentious in command, who occupies himself in
loading aboard his own unserviceable relations
and personal patrons while he drives away the
experienced seamen who know the craft and
her voyage. Here is a peril which 110 life-boat
can stand.
Meanwhile I wait the determination of the
National Convention, where are delegates
from my own much honored Commonwealth
with whom I rejoice to act. Not without
anxiety do I wait, but with the earnest, hope
that the Convention will bring the Republican
party into ancient harmony, saving it espe-
cially from the suicidal folly of an issue on the
personal pretensions of one man.
TAX AND TARIFF BILL.
During the delivery of Mr. Sumner's speech
a message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. McPhkkson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to some and disagreed
to other amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports,
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes; that it had agreed to the one bun-
