3226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Tte bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved toreconsiderthe vote
by "which the bill was passed 5 and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAJOR SAMPKL ROSS.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 867)
authorizing the Secretary of War to correct an
Army officer's reeoid.
The bill was read. In its preamble it sets
forth that in December, 1870, Major Samuel
Boss, United States Array, unassigned, was
examined by a retiring board at San Fran-
cisco, California, and found disabled for active
duty on account of wounds received in battle;
that no official action having been taken to
retire from aeiive service the said Ross on the
proceedings of said retiring board, and the
said Ross being a supernumerary officer, was
honorably mustered out of service as such
on or about January 2, 1871; and that on or
about. March 2, 3872, the said Ross was re-
appointedan officer of the United States Army,
as second lieutenant, with a view of being re-
tired from active service 011 account of said
disability.
The bill therefore authorizes the Secretary
of War to place the name of Samuel Ross on
the list, of officers retired from active service,
nceotdin^ to the proceedings and report of
suid ruhnn«j; board, u> take effect. for iank and
pay from the 1st day of .January, 1871, and to
C0rr< ci- the Army record•; and register ho that
the mime of ^aid Ross wiil appear as continu-
ously in service; provided ihat, any and all
moneys as pay or emoluments received by said
Uoss, on account of being declared mustered
out as aforesaid, sh ill be deducted from his
pay as xneh retiied ollicer, accruing from, on,
and after the said 1st, day of January, 1871.
Mr. KAKNSWOItTH. I do not see why
we ought to pass this bill. If any member of
the House knows anything in lavor of it, I
would like lo hear it.
Mr. I'JjjfKlbS. 1 am in favor of it.
Mr. DONNAN. 1 do 110L think there is any
explanation necessary lor this bill. It is a
Senate bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTil. It does not follow
that it should pass because it is a Senate hill.
I desire some information in regard to the
merits of this bill. Here is a bill providing
for restoring to the set vice an officer for the
purpose of retirement.
Mr. DONNAN. Ue has been restored to
the service, and the reason he has not been
retiied is that ho was not ordered before the
retiring board in lime for thf report in his case
at the Department in season lor action by that
Department. 1 call for 1 lie jyevions quest ion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ow the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DKTKNTION OF SOLDIKRS5 DISCHARGES
Mr. HAY. The House has just passed a
bill to prohibit the detention of soldiers' dis-
charges by claim agents and attorneys. An
amendment was directed to be made by the
Committee on Military Affairs, which has been
accidentally omitted. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the amendment may now be made.
It is to insert after the woid "papers" the
words " or land warrants.''
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
PAYMASTER GENERAL.
Mr. DONNANj from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with an amend-
ment, Senate bill No. 463, to enable thePresi-
dent to appoint a Paymaster General of the
Army.
The bill was read. It provides that the
sixth section of the act of March 3, 1869,
making appropriations for the suppoit of the
Army, shall be so far modified that the Presi-
dent may be authorized to appoint a Paymas-
ter General to fill the vacancy now existing.
The amendment of the committee was to
insert after the words " Paymaster General"
the words u with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a colonel."
Mr. STOUGHTON. It is due to the Mili-
tary Committee to say that in this case there
is a minority report; that a portion of the
committee believe that the Paymaster General
of the Army ought to be a brigadier general.
In support of this I have only to refer to the
statutes of the United States. Section eight-
ecu of the act of July 28,1860, provided that
the pay department should thereafter consist
of one paymaster with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of a brigadier general, &c. That law is
still in force; it has not been repealed. There
is no reason why we should now establish a
different rule.
Gentlemen may say that a law was after-
ward passed prohibiting promotions in the
staff departments of the Army. Such was
the fact. But i will call the attention of the
gentleman to the peculiar language of that
statute. it provides "that, until othei .vise
directed by law, there shall be no now appoint-
ments and 110 promotions in the Adjutant
General's department, inspector General's
department, the pay department, quartermas-
ter's department, commissary department,
ordnance department, engineer department,
and medical department." That is, <k until
otherwise directed by law." Since that time
we have promoted an Adjutant General of
the Army of the United States to the rank
of brigadier general; we have also made pro-
motions in the medical department.
Now, why should this unjust discrimination
be made against the pay department'/ Dur-
ing the war the pay department of the Army
of the United States paid $11,000,000,000
with a deficiency so small that it is perfectly
astonii'hing, At the present tiiue they are
paying out nearly twenty million dollars a
year. The responsibility of the pay depart-
ment is very gieat. And yet you propose by
this bill to cut down the Paymaster lower than
the head of any other depaitmeut of the Gov-
ernment. There is 110 justice in it, there is
no light in it; it is an unfair and unjust
claim.
Now let me call attention to another thing.
It will be the strangest anomaly in the world
if we pass this bill. There are to-day two full
colonels in the pay department. You pro-
pose that the chief, the head of that depart-
ment, shall be of less rank than two of his
subordinates. That certainly would be a
strange state of things, and yet b,uch would
be the case if this bill should pass. The Pay-
master would be promo'ed to the rank of a
colonel, but he would be the junior in rank of
other officers who have long been colonels.
Now I do not believe that the House intends
to sanction anything of that kind.
It may be said, indeed, that the heads of all
these departments ought to be only colonels.
If that be so, then you must reorganize the
whole staff. Whether that ought to be done
is a new question, which we are not now dis-
cussing. Until that is done, we must keep
the different branches of the staff upon a fair
and just equality. I submit that ttie Senate
bill ought to be passed without amendment,
and I ask the Chair whether the question
should not properly be firat taken upon con-
curring in the proposition of the Senate?
The SPEAKER. The question will be
first upon agreeing to the amendment reported
by the committee.
Mr. DONNAN. I ask that fhe report of
the committee be read, and I desire to call
the attention of the House to it that members
may vote intelligently upon this question.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 463) authorizing the ap-
pointment of a Paymaster General ot the Army
havinghad tho same under consideration, respect-
fully submit the following report:
The pav department, in its present organization,
has been in existence since 1821. At no timo prior
to 1864 had the Paymaster Geneial higher rank than
that of colonel, and the only chief ot this depart-
ment who has held the rank of brigadier general
was B. W. Brice, recently resigned, who was
appointed in October, 1864. The bill, as it coines
from the Senate, involves the question whether the
chiefs of the staff departments shall retain the pres-
ent amount of rank attained during the late war by
reason ot the enormous increase of departmental
officers, and of the necessarily enlarged duties and
responsibilities devolved upon such officers; or
whether the policy already inaugurated shall be
maintained of a return to the grade ot rank rela-
tively held by the chiefs of the staff departments
prior to 1861.
Tho act of July 28, 18G6. provides therauk of brig-
adier general lor the chief of each of the staff corps,
with the exceptions of the Inspector General and
chief of signal cuips. This law has not in terms,
but in effect, b«'en repealed. The Committee on
Military Affairs ot the Fortieth Congress, alter hear-
ing opinions Irom many prominentmiutary officers,
and a thorough examination of the organization of
the Armv. repojted, on February 26, 1869, among
other tilings, that the long-continued tendency to-
ward increase ot rank in tiiostaffdep irtuients ought
to bo cheeked. This recommendation was bused
upon the testimony of such officers as Generals Han-
cock, McDowell, and Thomas, who each explicitly
j-tated that they knew no reason why the present
amount of rank should be kept at tho heads ot the
different stuff-, of the Army, but advising, instead of
depriving picseut officers ot' theiria.uk, that reduc-
tion should be made by absorption.
On the 3d of Mareh fnllowm? (Jongress passed an
act (10 Scatute^-at-Large, page 318) "that until other-
wise duei-ted by law there shall bo no now ap-
pointments and no promotions in Adjutant Gen-
einl's. Inspector General'.-, pay, quartermaster,
commissary, ordnance, engineer, and medical de-
partments.
Also, on July 15,1870, Congress passed an act, the
eighth section of which provides, (16 Statutes,
page 318) 44 th.it no appointment to the grada of
brigadier general shal I be made until til enumber of
officers of that grade is reduced below six, after
which the number of brigadier generals shall not
exceed six.''
Manifestly, tho intention of Congress by these nots
was to bring about a reduction ofrank, especially in
thestaff departments, to the standard prior to tho
war, without degrading the present incumbents.
The highest rank given to the chief of the pay de-
partment was that ot brigadier general, during the
late war, when ho had some five hundred officers
under his charge, and the annu.il disbursements of
that department reached from three to lour hundred
million dollars. Now that there aic required less
than fifty officers in his department, and Ins annual
disbursements are less than twenty millions, the
committee believe that (a vacancy now existing)
a reduction of one grade of rank in the chief ot that
department is botl.i in accordaucc with the spirit01
existing law and of moderate economy.
It is claimed that the rule here lollowed has been
violated in the appointment ot the Adjutant Gen-
eial of tho Army two years since. In that case,
however, the vacancy existed prior to the passage
of tho act of March 3, 1869, prohibiting further
promotions in the staffcorps, and the act author-
izing the appointment ot the Adjutant General so
remes the fact.
II, in the f.ieo of recent enactments, Congress now
fills this first vacancy among the chiefs of stau
corps with tho continued grade of brigadier gen-
eral, we may bid good-bye to the proposed reduc-
tion. as it could not be accomplished without the
disirrading of officers, which would be next to an
impossible undertaking; whereas if Congress now,
in pmcuanee of the spirit of existing law, limits tu©
chief of this p,iy department to the grade held prior
to the war, it is quite probable that as vacancies
occur in ihe otber staff corps they will in like man-
ner be limited. ....
The committee therefore recommend that the bill
be amended by inserting in the seventh lino, after
the word " general," tho words "with the rank,pay,
and emoluments of a colonel."
And as so amended that the bill do pass.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask that the minor-
ity report be now read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The minority of the Committee on MilUaryAffairs,
to which was referred Senate bill No. 463, providing
for tho appointment of a Paymaster General 01 tne
Army, submit the following repott: , . . *
Tnc act of July 23, 1866, provides that the c"}e*
of each staff corps shall be appointed by selection
from tho corps itself, and shall have the ran£ 01
brigadier general.
