1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4123
dred and twentieth amendment of the Senate
with an amendment; that it asked a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two
Housesthereon, and had appointed Mr. Henry
L. Dawes of Massachusetts, Mr. William D.
Kelley of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Michael
C. Kerr of Indiana, managers at the same on
its part.
On motion by Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Rennhed, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and disagree to the amendment of
the House to theone hundred and twentieth amend-
ment, of the said bill; and that it agreei to the con-
ference asked by the Ilouseonthc disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Morrill of Vermont, and Mr.
Bayard.
final adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER having concluded his speech,
Mr. COLE. The great length of this first
speech on this appropriation bill leads to the
conclusion that we cannot get through with it
by Monday. It is very likely that others of
the same character will follow, and therefore
I introduce now the following resolution :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the resolution directing the
President of the Senate and Speaker of the House
to declare their respective Houses adjourned with-
outdayon Monday, theSdot June, at twelve o'clock
meridian, be, and the same is hereby, rescinded.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident does not that require unanimous con-
sent.?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ It does at this
time, as the appropriation bill is pending before
the Senate. The resolution can only be enter-
tained by first laying the appropriation bill on
the table, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object.
Mr. COLE. I see the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Schurz] seems desirous to obtain
the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maryland object to this resolution
being received for consideration to-morrow ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir;
I object to its being received.
Mr. COLE. What is the question before
the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the motiou of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to postpone indefinitely the
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. Is it in order now to move to
lay the, bill on the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. COLE. Then I make that motion so
that I may present the resolution that I indi-
cated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves to lay the appropria-
tion bill on the table for the purpose of offer-
ing the resolution just now read.
Mr. CASSERLY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was only going to say
that I do not see what object there can be in
objecting to the reception of the resolution.
• Mr. CONKLINGr. I rise to a question of
order. This motion is not debatable, and I
ask that the regular order proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York raises the question of order
that the motion to lay on the table is not
debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware of that, but
I thought there would be no objection to the
reception of the resolution of the Senator from
California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair in-
quired specifically whether there was objection
to its reception, aud the Senator from Mary-
land objected. The Secretary will call the
roll on the motion to lay the appropriation bill
on the table.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not perhaps under-
stand the precise posture of the matter. If the
proposition is simply to permit the resolution
to be received, to be acted upon to-morrow,
for one I shall make no opposition, though I
regret that this particular moment of much
p&rty heat among the majority here, resulting
from the speech just made by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has been taken
advantage of for such a motion.
Mr. COLE. That is all that is proposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maryland withdraw his objection?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I withdraw
the objection so far as relates to receiving it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the call for the yeas and nays will
be withdrawn, and the resolution will be
received and placed on the Calendar.
Mr. COLE. Now I hope we may proceed
with the appropriation bill before the Senate,
unless the Senator from Massachusetts insists
on the motion to indefinitely postpone.
civil appropriation bill.
The VICE. PRESIDENT. The snndry
civil expenses appropriation bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As we were here so
late last night, I was going to suggest to the
Senator from California whether we had not
better now take a recess until seven o'clock.
I think it would be better to take a recess
until seven o'clock. 1 make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDES I'. That motion ia
in order under the rule of the Senate. The
Senator from Illinois moves that the Senate
now take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr COLE. Say halt'past seven.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will conform to the
suggestion of the chairman. I proposed seven
because I thought he would concur in it easier,
but I will say half past seven.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the Senate now take
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 28, noes 29.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2o, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly.
Cooper, Ferry of Connecticut, Goldtliwaite, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Ivelly,
Lewis, Norwood, Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trum-
bull. Vickers, and West—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton,
Cole, Conklmg, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Fretinghuvsen, Gilbert, llarlan, Howe,
Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Moriill of Vermont,
Morton, l'omeroy. Pool, Pratt, Scott. Sherman,
Spencer, Stewart, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Browniow, Chandler, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds. Fen-
ton, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Logan, Nye,
Osborn, Pattorson, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Steven-
son, and Thurman—17.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to indefinitely postpone the
appropriation bill.
Mr. SCHURZ proceeded to address the
Senate. Having spoken a few minutes,
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I think that
under the ordinary usages and courtesies of
the Senate it would be proper at this moment
that a motion should be made and should pre-
vail to adjourn. I therefore move that the.
Senate adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Take a recess.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. No, I move
to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to, there being,
on a division—ayes 19, noes 24.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I wish to
make one more appeal to the Senate, and there-
fore I will now move that the Senate take a
recess until half past seven o'clock.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 24, noes 25.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me simply to re-
mark that it is to give the Senator from Mis-
souri who is about to speak 
Mr. CONK LING. Is this motion debat-
able, Mr. President?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, ( Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) It is not.
Mr. SUMNER. It is an indulgence not
usually denied on this floor.
Mr. CONKLINGr. But the Senator must
know that after what has occurred courtesy is
not applicable here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. CONKLING. We are dealing with
sterner things than that now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 32 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Cooper,
Corbett, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut. Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Johnson, Kelly, Mori ill of
Vermont, Norwood, Fool, Ransom, llice, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sprague. Stockton. Sumner,
Trumbull, Vickers, West, and Wiudoiu—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frehnghuysen, Gilbert, Harlan, Hitch-
cock, Howe. Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott,
Spencer, Stewart, Wilson, and Wright—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Browniow. Casserly. Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Viiginia, Edmunds,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Kellogg, Nye,
Patterson, Sawyer, Sherman, Stevenson, Thurman,
and Tipton—16.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ resumed the floor, and hav-
ing spoken several minutes,
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Missouri will give way, there is manifestly no
quorum of the Senate present. I think if we
are to go on we had better have a quorum
present. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VICKERS. On all questions of recess
and adjournment I am paired with the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.] He would vote
against them, and I should vote for them.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 26 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. "Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Johnston, Norwood, Pool. Ransom, Schurz,
Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, and Trumbull—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well. Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling,
Cragin, Frehngliuysen. Harlan,Hiteheoek, Kellogg,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Merrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, CKborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Scott.
Spencer, Wilson, and Windom—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow. Buckingham, Cam-
eron. Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Davis ot West
Virginia, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan. (Jilbert, Uoklthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Ilam-
lm, till 1, IIowc. Kelly, Nye, Patterson, Pratt, Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman. Steven-
son, Stewart, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, West, and
Wright—34.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, if the
Senator from Missouri will allow me, there is
a period, and it is common to mankind and
animals and all creation, near the close of
the day, when it is more'irksome to remain
together and do business than at any other
hour of the twenty-four. We have now arrived
at that period. We were in session here yes-
terday. as is well known, from eleven o'clock
in the day until three o'clock this morning.
Now, the Senator from Missouri has risen
with the view of submitting some remarks to
the Senate which will take some time. He
prefers to go on after an intermission of an
hour or two, as may suit the Senate. It seems
to me it would be better on all hands to coti-
