1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2331
States, and settle or squat upon them, or
disturb them, he shall be liable to these pen-
alties.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to ask the Senator
■whether this amendment would not apply to
the mountain regions of Colorado where our
miners are?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
does not understand the amendment. It only
applies to such lands as the Indians hold by
direct treaty from us.
Mr. BLAIR. " Or other title."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. " Or other title
from the United States," and I believe they
do not hold any reservations other than by
treaty. I have no objection to those words,
"or other title from the United States," being
stricken out, if they are objectionable to the
Senator.
Now, Mr. President, this amendment is not
aimed at any imaginary evil. The great evil
is this: we set apart reservations by solemn
treaty stipulations to the Indians, and we
guarantee in those trgaties that we will protect
the Indians against invasions of all personsfrom
outside. Now, what takes place? Why, sir,
the ink upon the treaties is scarcely dry before
squatters press upon these Indian reservations.
There is no penalty for their doing it. It is
the duty of the authorities of the United States,
of course, to observe these treaties, and to
keep settlers off; but as a matter of fact they
do not do it. That, is known. They go on,
and they go on knowingly and wittingly, and
with the very purpose of taking the lands.
I have au instance in point, and it is a mem-
orable one, and a noted one, in our legislation.
The Senate wilt remember it. It occurred
only a few years ago. Here were the Osage
lands in southern Kansas, eight million acres.
They were held by solemn treaty stipula-
tions with this Government; and yet white
men from that State, and I do not know from
where else—I will not charge it upon Kansas
alone—did go on there without authority of
law. and they went on knowingly and willfully.
What was the result? The result was that we
had to send the military there to stand between
the Indians and the white men, the squatters,
to prevent war and bloodshed. What do we
do in the end? The white men, the squatters,
twenty thousand strong, forced this Govern-
ment to make arrangements with those In-
dians by which we sent them into the Indian
territory, just across the line. That was less
than two years ago. Now, what? Many of
the very same men, squatters, who have been
upon that land and got their possessions in
violation of treaty stipulations, have sold them
out and have followed those Indians into that
country, and there they are to-day in violation
of your treaty stipulations, and in violation of
the very pledges we made, to those Osage In-
dians, who were driven from southern Kansas
into that country by that sort of policy. They
have pursued them'there, and the military are
now employed in driving those squatters from
that country.
Now, Mr. President, this is a proposition to
obviate precisely such difficulties in the future ;
it is to say to the people of thjs country, to
the squatters particularly, to those who go in
advance of surveys and in advance of settle-
ment, "If you go wittingly and knowingly
upon lands which have been set aside by treaty
stipulations by the people of this country for
the Indians and violate those treaty stipula-
tions"—what then? " You shall have no title
to the lands on which you squat or undertake
to settle under those circumstances, and as a
penalty you shall not be permitted hereafter to
acquire any title in them ; and in addition to
that, you shall be subjected to such fine and
penalty as the court, under the circumstances,
shall award against you."
Mr. COLE. I see we are opening up an
interminable debate on a new subject that has
no business whatever in connection with this
bill. It is legislation distinctly. It makes no
appropriation, nor does it call for any. I there-
fore move to lay the amendment on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me, I wish to make a single remark by way of
explanation.
Mr. COLE. I do not think it is necessary.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to explain one
thing to which the Senator from Maine re-
ferred, and in which I think he reflected a
little on the people of my State.
Mr. COLE. Of coarse, then, I shall have
to withdraw the motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall only occupy a
moment. What the Senator from Maine said
in regard to settlers on the Osage lands in
the last part of his remarks, I think was
strictly true, that there were settlers on the
Osage lands; but let me remind the Senator
that the Osages first made a treaty before any
settlers went 011 there, by which they ceded a
portion of this reservation, the northern side
of it, in trust to the United States to sell.
Then they ceded the eastern portion. Finally
they made a treaty by which they proposed to
sell the whole. That treaty was suspended in
the Senate for two years. During the time
while that treaty was 111 suspense, and when
the new settlers coming to my State were in-
quiring where they could get lands, they were
told, ''The Osages have made a treaty and
have agreed to sell; it is not yet ratified, but
it will be." So they went on these lands in
large numbers and settled. But no settlement
was made and none recognized until that treaty
was made. No one supposed he could get any
title there. That treaty, to be sure, was never
ratified. We finally settled the question by
an act of Congress or an amendment put on
an appropriation bill; but in justification of
those men who did settle and finally obtained
homes there, it is due that it should be said
that they did not settle there at all until the
Osages had made a treaty to sell their reser-
vation, and it was supposed that that treaty
would be ratified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, will the
Senator tell me how he accounts for this in-
vasion of their lands in the Indian territory?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir. I can explain
that. I have always advised against any set-
tling there; but still I can explain how it was
done. They did not go into that country to
settle until the land west of ninety-six degrees
was ceded to the United States. It was ceded,
however, for a specific purpose, as the preamble
says—not the treaty itself, but the preamble.
It sets out that 1' whereas it is the desire of the
Government to locate certain friendly Indians
upon the territory west of ninety-six degrees,"
giving various reasons, and then it goes on to
provide that the Cherokee® cede all west of'
ninety-six degrees for that purpose. The juris-
diction of the United States was extended over
it. The settlers held, I suppose—I think that
is their side of the question—that as soon as
the Indians ceded west of ninety-six degrees
to the Government, their rights attached to
that country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, the Sen-
ator says this is a proper thing to do.
Mr. POMEROY. No; I did not say any
such thing. I was giving their side of the
question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
says that what is contemplated by this amend-
ment is a proper thing to do. I will ask the
Senator whether he does not understand that
our chief difficulties with the Indians in reser-
vations arise from the fact that unauthorized
persons do go over and get in contact with the
Indians and trouble comes from it?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir ; I know that is
often so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
Now, if the Senator has any proposition to
amend this amendment, I have no objection ;
but this is an evil that we ought to correct,
and we ought to do it now, and we ought to
do it for the reason that while we are talking
here the military of this country has been
ordered out to remove those trespassers from
that country.
Mr. POMEROY. But no one is better
acquainted than the Senator himself with the
fact that the present law is as stringent as any
you can make on the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The present
law has only this effect, and no more: it is
stringent aga,inst any persons going on there to
trade; that is all.
Mr. POMEROY. They have no rights under
the present law, and they cannot acquire
rights.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The non-inter-
course law—I have looked at it carefully—
touches none but such persons as go there to
carry on trade, sell whisky, and the like, and
for those persons there is a penalty; but for
persons who go on a reservation to take up
the land there is no fine or penalty, and no
remedy against them whatever.
Mr. POMEROY, If the Senator has in
mind this country west of ninety-six degrees
his amendment will scarcely touch it. It will
only touch a portion of it. A large portion
of the country west of ninety-six degrles is
not claimed by any Indian to-day. It is now
open to settlement if the cession is good for
anything. It would touch that portion claimed
by the Osages.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend is entirely mistaken about it. All that
country belongs to the Indians until the Gov-
ernment of the United States appropriates it
for Indian tribes to settle on it. So it belongs
to the Indians subject to the right of occupa-
tion by the Government for other Indian tribes
when they choose to move upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. It belongs to the Indian
in a certain sense until he gets his pay. The
treaty provides that he shall retain a certain
sort of jurisdiction over it until the Govern-
ment pays him for it; but the moment the
Government pays him for that laud, the ludian
title is extinguished; he has got no further
claim.
Mr. COLE. I think two Senators of so
much experience will not insist on carrying
this discussion further. I move to lay the
amendment 011 the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. If this debate is to go on,
I should like to say something on the subject.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will let us
get through with this bill to-night. If we debate
a matter that has 110 pertinency whatever to
any subject in the bill, and make that the
pretext for a long discussion, I am sure we
cannot get through with the bill to-night. I
hope the Senator from Minnesota will not
insist on speaking on the amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well. If the Senator
insists on his motion to lay on the table, he
can do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the motion of the Senator trom
California, that the amendment of the Senator
from Maine be laid 011 the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. Let me ask the Senator from
Maine if he would not improve his amend-
ment by striking out the words '' by treaty
stipulation,'' as a means of incorporating per-
sons into the tribe? That is not very often
done by treaty stipulation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question now is oil
laying on the table, and it is not debatable.
Mr. HOWE. Cannot he modify his amend-
ment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; not while the motion
to lay on the table is pending.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say to
the Senator from Wisconsin that that language
is simply descriptive of the persons who are
supposed to have rights in the Indian territory,
and I put it in at the suggestion of the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
