3228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
and twenty-second New York volunteers in
the winter of 1863—64.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition of Sally E.
Herrieb, for relief.
By Mr. MERCUR : The petition of 88 cit-
izens of Towanda, Bradford county, Pennsyl-
vania, graying the passage of House bill
No 1738.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 9, 1872. .
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
E. V. S51ALLEY.
Mr. ELY. I ask unanimous consent to offer
the following preamble and resolution :
Whereas tho New York Tribune of yesterday
asserts that E. V. Smaliey, for seven years clerk of
tho Military Committee of this House, has been re-
moved by General John Coburn, of Indiana, chair-
man of eaid committeo, for the assigned reason that
the editor of tho Tribune wns nominated by tho
Cincinnati convention: Therefore,
Jieftolvfd, That the Committee on Military Affairs
of this House be directed to report to this House
tho reasons lor the rcmovnl of E. V. Smalloy from
his position of clerk, to said committee.
Mr. PERCE. I object, and demand the
regular order.
OltDElt 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of tho Whole for the considera-
tion of the tariff bill.
Mr. PlillCE. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to let us have a morning
hour. When the House iigroed, at the request
of tliu gentleman from Massachusetts, to com-
mence its sessions at eleven o'clock, ll was for
the purpose, as stated by the gentleman him-
self, of allowing a morning hour. If we have a
morning hour to-d y, there is lime for lifty or
sixty speeches on the tariff between the morn-
ing hour and I lie adjournment.
Mr. J/. MYERS. We agreed to meet at
eleven o'clock fur the avowed purpose of giv-
ing I'omniiitecs the morning hour.
Mr. 1UJCKLEY. That, Wiis ilio distinct
understanding.
Mr. DAWKS. I want very much that we
should make progress Willi the tariff bill. But
if the House prefers 10 have a morning hour,
it is for the House so to decide.
The question being taken on Mr. Dawes's
motion, that the rules be suspended and I ho
liouse resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole for the consideration of the special
order, it was not agreed to.
koijtiikitn district op new york
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. H. No. 2701) to facili-
tate llie control of suits, causes, ami proceed-
ings, the taking of depositions, testimony,
bonds, the issuing of processes and expedit-
ing the proceedings in suits ill law or in equity,
in the district court of ihe United States for
the southern district of New York; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
I.tGUT-HOUSK AT PASSAGE ISLAND.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported back
papers relative to the establishment of a light-
house at Passage Island, Lake Superior, and
moved that the eommiltee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and
that they be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PERCE. I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour begins at eighteen
minutes past eleven o'clock, and reports are
in order from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
SUPPLY OF ARMS TO MINNESOTA.
Mr..MOREY, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2702)
to authorize the Secretary of War to furnish
the State of Minnesota with five hundred stand
of arms ; which was ordered to be read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of War, if in his judgment it is judi-
cious, to furnish to the State of Minnesota
five hundred stand of arms and accouterments,
for use in that State in prepaiing for contin-
gent frontier attacks, and to supply the loss
caused by fire of the same number of arms and
accouterments in the year 1870.
Tiie bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOREY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUPLICATE CERTIFICATES OF DISCHARGE.
Mr. MOREYalso, from the same committee,
reported as a substitute for House bill No.
2308 a bill (II. R. No. 2703) authorizing the
Secretary of War to furnish a duplicate cer-
tificate of discharge where the same has been
lost; which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that when
ever satisfactory proof shall be furnished to
the War Department that, any non-commis-
sioned odicer or private soldier who served in
the Army of the United States in the late war
against, the rebellion has lost his certificate of
discharge, or the same has been destroyed
without his privity or procurement, the Seere-
taiy of War shall be uulhoiizcd to furnish on
request to such non-commissioned oflicer or
private a duplicate of such certificate of dis-
charge, to be indelibly inaiked so that it may
be known as a duplicate. The second section
provides for mollifying the Army regulations
now in force in accordance with the provisions
of this net.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Is this a general
bill?
Mr. MOREY. It is a general hill; it is a
bill authorizing the Secretary of War, in his
discretion and under such regulations as the
War Department may prescribe, to issue these
duplicat es.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. This may be a very
good bill if properly guarded, but if not it
would he very dangerous and liable to abuse.
1 presume the commit,tec have taken measures
to have the matter properly guarded.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read alhird time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOUEY moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WHARF PROPERTY IN NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. MOREY, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, Senate bill No. 936,
relinquishing certain wharf property to the
city of New Orleans.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of War and the Secretary of the Navy
to relinquish possession of the wharf and land-
ing now occupied by the Government of the
United States in the city of New Orleans, and
to turn over the same to the authorities of said
city.
Mr. KERR. There should be some explan-
ation of this bill.
Mr. SHELDON. This wharf property was
captured by the United States in 1862, and
has been held by the Government ever since.
It, is the property of the city, and there is no
other claim against it on the part of the Uni-
ted States, except that it was rebel property
when captured.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MOREY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAPANESE STUDENTS AT WEST POINT.
Mr. MOREY, from the same committee,
also reported back, without amendment, Sen-
ate bill No. 454, authorizing the Secretary of
War to admit six Japanese students to the
West Point Military Academy.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of War to receive for instruction at
the Military Academy at West Point not ex-
ceeding six persons, to be designated by the
Government of the empire of Japan, provided
that no expense shall thereby accrue to the
Unifed States.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not
think this bill should pass; I think it is all
wrong. Are the Committee on Military Af-
fairs unanimous in recommending its passage?
I think it a very dangerous thing for us with-
out much reflection to give a miliiary educa-
tion to any youths of any other nation.
Though I feel very friendly to the Japanese,
yet I think it extremely dangerous for us to
put in their hands our science in the matter
ol arms. 1 am willing to educate them in
everything else but the science of arms. I
hope the House will ponder a great while
before they pass this bill.
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman who has this bill in charge whether
or not this bill proposes that the Government
of the United States shall pay the expense of
these cadets?
Mr. MOREY. The bill provides that it
shall be without expense to the United States.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That may be
so in the mere matter of education, and yet it
may result in an expense of millions upon
millions to the United States.
Mr. MOREY. It pl-ovides for the military
education of six Japanese. The friendly rela-
tions now existing between the Japanese Gov-
ernment and this country are such as to justify •
any reasonable amount of courtesy that we can
extend to them without cost to the United
States.
Mr. KERR. If these cadets from Japan
may be admitted, why not from any other na-
tion? How can we with consistency close the
doors of the Military Academy against all the
nations of the earth but one? I can see no
just grounds for discrimination in favor of
Japan. I think we ought not to open the
doors of purely national schools to any people
except our own. It seems to me that the
precedent will be a very dangerous one, one
not called for by any circumstances existing
at this time, and not necessary for the public
welfare or even the welfare of the nation in
question. I hope this bill will not be passed.
. Mr. YOUNG. As a West Point man my-
self, and one who feels a great deal of pride in
that institution, I am opposed to this bill. I
believe the Military Academy at West Point is
the very best institution of the kind in the
world. I believe that none of the nations of
the earth are thoroughly acquainted with our
system of military education, and I think it is
very important that they should not be.
hope that the members of this House will vote
against this bill.
I am surprised, sir, that the Military Commit-
