488
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Texas Contested Election—Mr. Clark.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
constituency, without saying that no one meas-
ure, since I have been a member of this House,
of whatever nature for the benefit of my State
has become a law of the land which was not
inaugurated and pressed through by my own
personal efforts and those of my Republican
colleagues. In vindication of that statement
I call upon any member of the House, or
any citizen in my district, to read the Statutes-
at-Large of the United States since the 30th
of March, 1870. I go and leave my work
behind me. Men may. talk, and talk, and
talk, but at the expiration of his term the
man who has done his duty, and his whole
duty, must be able to turn to some statute
which will show that he has done work and
left his mark there. This is the first time
in the history of a Republican Congress when
it has been said to a patriot soldier "Go,"
and to a Ku Klux rebel, "Come."
Sir, I might go on for hours, and read to
you evidence as strong as that of Holy Writ,
substantia.ting every allegation I have set forth
in my answer to the notice of the contestant.
But, sir, I do not propose thus to occupy the
time of the House. I know the Committee of
Elections enjoys its confidence, and it would be
like attempting to sail up Niagara to make
any effort to alter the determination of this
House in regard to my case. But in behalf
of the loyal men of my State, in behalf of the
eighty thousand Republicans there, white and
black, I enter here and now my solemn pro-
test against this report. By the memory of
three hundred thousand heroic dead, who died
that four million men might be free, by the
memory of the Union soldiers whose bones
lie bleaching from the Potomac to the- Rio
Grande, by the memory of the heroes of
the old army of the Tennessee, 1 pray you
pause before you take your final action on
this contest.
On my way to the Capitol I was told that
they proposed to-day to begin and bury the
army of the Tennessee; that they intended to
bury me first, and to keep on burying that old
array until they had buried its oldest and
greatest leader m November next. Sir, here
is the roll of the army of the Tennessee, [hold-
ing the same in au unfolded condition.] When
I Erst entered the doors of this House, and
looked over this body, I found thirty-five men,
officers of that old army, on the floor. There
are nearly as many now. On this roll there
are three hundred thousand of the bravest men
who ever stood upon the battle-field during
the last war. The names of Logan, of Slo-
cnm, of Washburn, of Mower, of McKee, of
Payne, Leggett, Giles Smith, and a host of
others are here. The names of McPherson,
of Crocker, Ransom, Barker, and Rawlins
are not there; they have been buried, some
of them shot down on the field of battle, others
worn out by the very rebel element whose
candidate you propose to seat here this day.
Bury the army of the Tennessee I Mr.
Speaker, when you bury that army you bury
the last sentiment of loyalty that beats in the
hearts of twenty million mett and women of
this country.
Bury the army of the Tennessee! I tell
you, Mr. Speaker, before that army is buried,
with the principles for which it fought, you
will not find a green thing from the Potomac
to ihe Gulf, and these ineu who now propose
to break down this great party, to sacrifice its
friends as they are now proposing to do, will
find that before that is accomplished, out of
the very graves from every national cemetery,
from the Potomac to the Rio Grande, will
rise the dead heroes of that old army, to fight
the battle of freedom over again.
Bury the army of the Tennessee I Why,
sir, I recollect very well when, as a private
soldier, I first shouldered my musket and went
out into that army. I knew it when it was a
little brigade at Bird's Point, Missouri. I fol-
lowed it from Henry, and Donelson, and
Shiloh, Corinth, Vicksburg, Chattanooga, and
Atlanta, to the sea, and back to Washington,
and you remember when these very walls
trembled with the mighty tread, and trembled
with joy and pride under the footsteps of that
vietorious old army. Ay, sir, it was the only
army that never turned its back to the foe.
I beg pardon of the House for referring so
warmly to that army of which I was so long
the adjutant general and chief of staff.
I come back to the question before the
House. The result of the vote here to-day
will be announced in dispatches all over the
South, and in my district, where the guns are
already loaded, so perfectly well known has
been the action of the committee for many
days, they will be fired in honor of the rebel vic-
tory. No enthusiasm since the first defeat at
Bull Run can compare with that which will
thrill every rebel heart when this day's vote is
announced along the wires. With bonfires
and illumiuations; with burning of school-
houses and murdering of teachers ; with in-
sult and ostracism of the wives and children
of the Union men in my district will this
result be welcomed. From the South will
come up dispatches of great rejoicing of the
rebel Democracy; and the editor of the New
York Tribune, the candidate of the Dolly
Yarden convention, will come in for his share
of the plaudits and praises of his rebel friends
for his assistance in my defeat. By the action
of this House to day you say to these men
that hereafter in defiance of law, in defiance
of the orders, of the proclamations of the Gov-
ernor, they can go to the polls armed and
camp there. You put fifty thousand muskets
and revolvers m the hands of the most des-
perate men in Texas, who will never again
allow a man to vote for the Republican cause.
Your action will cost the lives of at least five
thousand men in Texas. You say to them,
"All you have to do is to take yourdonble-bar-
reled shot guns, your revolvers and bowie-
knives, go 10 the polls, and drive away every
man who is opposed to you, and then let your
candidate come up here and this Congress will
protect you."
Is this really to be the treatment which the
men who have fought for so many years in
behalf of the Government and in behalf of
the principles of the Republican party are to
receive? I have fought this battle for eleven
years ; I have suffered with my wife and chil-
dren every indignity and every species of ostra-
cism, and yet for all this the Republican ma-
jority of this Congress propose to place me
under the feet of my Ku Klux adversaries.
Gentlemen talk about testimony. I have done
everything I could to bring testimony here.
1 have brought forth evidence of a terrorism
more terrible than that of shot-guns. It is
that which prevents you from buying a pound
of meat at your butcher's or a loaf of bread
at your baker's unless you are in sympathy
witii the Ku Klux Democracy. The testimony
of the contestant himself, to which I have re-
ferred, shows that it could not be more dam-
nable or infamous were it torn, every leaf,
from the records of hell. To show the char-
acter of that testimony on which this report is
made, I desire to have read one specimen.
Take the published report and compare it
with the original manuscript.
The Clerk read as follows:
Calvert, Texas, October 15,1871.
Dear Sir: This is the first time that I have had
the honor of addressing you, and I hope that you
will give me a few minutes' attention, so that X may
lay my ease before you.
On the 6th instant Colonel Gillespie and Byron
Mahlor came to me and told me that if we wanted
to carry the county for Clark that we would have
to give registration papers to about one hundred
Republicans then at the polls, said parties having
been refused registration papers by Ned Butler. To
do this they wanted me to sign Butler's name to the
papers, and then issue them to those pa,rties who
■would call for them. I told them that I could not
lend myself to any such scheme. But they then told
raeif I did not do so that my school certificate would
be taken from me and given to some better man.
Under this compulsion I consented to sign the
papers: but before I did so Colonel Gillespie told
me that there would be no danger, and if I should
be found out thathe had tlieword of Governor Davis
that I would be pardoned in ten days, if convicted.
Now, Governor, X have been found out, and the
grand jury of this county has found a bill of indict-
ment against me for it. They also found bills against
Colonel Gillespie, Judge Thurmond, and other Re-
publicans, but on different charges from the one
brought against me.
My object in writing to you is to ask your advice
about the matter. Please write to ine at once and
advise me what will be best for me to do.
Colonel Gillespie told me that he would give yuu
a full statement of the affair.
Very respectfully, C. HURTEL.
His Excellency Governor Davis.
Calvert, Texas, November 8,1871.
I do solemnly swear that the contents of the within
statement are true.
C. HURTEL.
At the time that I did this I understood that it
was the general programme throughout the State in
conducting the election.
Indorsed on the back: "Charles Hurtel. D. G.
Worrell, United States commissioner, western dis-
trict of Texas."
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I now ask the
Clerk to read the true letter.
The Clerk read as follows:
Calvkkt, Texas, October 15,1871.
Dear Sir: I have the honor to address you a few
lines to make a statement of the proceedings of the
grand jury of this county against all good Repub-
licans who took any active part in the late elections
in this county. The grand jury has found bills of
indictment against all good Republicans who took
any active part in the election. Judge Thurmond,
Colonel Gillespie, myself, and a good many others,
have had bills found against them, and put under
arrest for purely imaginary charges. I am under
arrest, hut not confined, tor "aiding persons not
qualified" to vote.
I am engaged in teaching a colored school in this
county, and have been teaching for the pasteighteen
months, a,nd havesufferedagooddeal of persecution
on that account by the Democrats; have been as-
saulted on three different occasions. The last timo
was on the 17th of June, 1871. At that time X was
knocked down and beaten with a club until I was
insensible, by one William Hearne, a wealthy citizen
of this county. I intended to have him indicted
before the present grand jury for assault and bat-
tery, but he having friends and relatives on the
grand jury, he had me indicted to defeat me in my
case against him before the grand jury.
My dear Governor, I am an old Federal soldier,
and served my country faithfully, which the wounds
on my body will testify.
Host my right leg above the knee at the battle
of Gettysburg, 2d of July, 1863, besides two other
wounds received before that time; and I now most
respectfully ask your advice as to how I shall pro-
ceed about getting ont of my present difficulties and
get justice done me. Colonel Gillespie knows me
personally, and can tell you about me, and that I
am an unflinching Republican.
I hold a certificate of the third class in the public
schools of this State, and would like to be assigned
to a school; as it would now be dangerous for me to
go back to where I have been teaching, and if possi-
ble (when I get out of my present difficulties) I
would like to be assigned to some other part of this
district.
With many wishes for yonr prosperity and happi-
ness, I am truly and most respectfully, your obedient
C. HURTEL.
servant,
His Excellency Governor Davis.
P. S.—Please excuse bad writing, as it is the fault
of the constant u^tj of my crutches.
Respectfully, c. HURTEL.
A true copy: ^ J, C. DE GRESS,
Superintendent of Public Instruction.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I refer now to the
telegram on page 18 of the argument of the
contestee :
Letter on page 9X, Giddings's testimony, is a
complete forgery. We have original. If all the tes-
timony is oi the same genuineness it is a complete
fraud' JAS. P. NEWCOMB,
Secretary of State.
Falsus in uito falsws in omnibus.
Whatever may be the action of this House,
the time is coming when the conduct of the
Governor in issuing to me that certificate will
