4124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
cede some little time in which Senators might
go oat and take some refreshment, either by-
going to their lodgings, those who live near
by, and those who do not could,procure them
in the Capitol, and then we shall come back
here in better temper and better prepared to
go on with the transaction of business or what-
ever is to be donfe.
it is known to Senators, those who w.ere
present wiil certainly do me the courtesy to
admit, that I remaiued here last nigh.t and
struggled as earnestly as any one to get through
with the business, and I shall expect to remain;
as long as I am able to-night, and to take ,up
no time by making speeches or delaying the
Senate myself iv any form, so far sta I am aw;are
of, further than to transact what is the legiti-
mate business before t;he Senate.
But, sir, I think, it - is quite unusual in the
Senate to force a Senator, at this hour, who
prefers going on:after an hour or two of inter-
mission, to proceed with his remarks* I think
we gain nothing by it; and v?e inconvenience
ourselves. I should like to hear what the
Senator from Missouri has to say, and I should
like at the same time to be able to leave the
Senate for a little while to procure some re-
freshments, if we are to remain up late again
to-night. I hope we may not h^ve to remain
up very late.
Under, these circumstances I submit to Sen-
ators whether it is not better to agree to take
a recess without a struggle over it, for it is
very difficult now to keep a quorum. There
was a bare quorum on the last vote. There
was not a quorum in the Senate when the
motion was made, and we had to send out to
get Senators to make a quorum. The Sena-
tor from Missouri thinks, whether rightly or
wrongly it is not for me to judge, that it is his
duty to make some remarks upon a report
that has been made which he thinks person-
ally affects him. Under such circumstances
it seems to me that there should be a general
acquiescence in the Senate, without a struggle,
to take a recess to some convenient hour, and
as it is now nearly half past five o'clock, I
will say seven and,a half o'clock, and 1 will
make the motion .thp-t the Senate now take a
recess until seven and a half o'clock, and I
hope there will be no resistance to it.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves that the Senate take
a recess, which is not debatable.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the yeas
and nays upon it and see how much time may
be worn out by making such motions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Indiana wishes to make a suggestion, I with-
draw the motion.
Mr. MORTON. I remained here until after
three o'clock this morning at great personal
inconvcnicncc and danger, of prejudice to my
health, for the purpose of assisting in passing
the tariff bill. I have been here from eleven
to twelve o'clock, I believe, every night this
week in the hope that Congress would be able
to adjourn, first, on the 29th of May, the day
before yesterday, and afterward on next Mon-
day. As the resolution now stands, both
Houses are to be adjourned-on next Monday
at twelve o'clock. A resolution was offered
awhile ago, the necessity of which was made
very apparent by the Senator from California,
to rescind that resolution, it being pretty
obvious that we could not get through with
the appropriation bills by that time, and an
objection was made to its reception. I expect
that resolution will be opposed in every way
both in this House and in the other in order
to force an adjournment on next Monday with-
out having the necessary business transacted,
so that the President shall be driven to call
Congress together in extra session. To-day
we came together at twelve o'clock, all of us
tired, and at one o'clock the appropriation
bill was called up. It was, immediately antag-
onized by a motion for indefinite postpone-
ment, and the Senator from Massachusetts
has spoken nearly four hours this afterapon.
I am entirely willing ,to hear the Senator
from Missouri upon this report of the investi-
gating .committee on the subject of the sale of
arms; but as a matter of justice to us who
have sacrificed so much this week in order to
get throughiWith business, I think he ought to-
go on now, It is not bepause I wish to put him
to any personal inconvenience; but it is ask-
ing a^gpod des.1 of members of the Senate who
have stayed here until eleven ftnd twelve
o'clock at night and three o'clock in the morn-
ing, night after night, for the purpose pf clos-
ing up business, on Friday to have the whole
day taken up by a political, debate, and it is
suggested to me when the Seuator himself,
was not here, and ,the Senator from Massachu-
setts was not here. They were, taking their
rest. I do not complain of that; but the rest
of us were here at work, trying to get through
with the business so that we might adjourn,
$nd we do not receive with the utmost patience
this political debate at this time,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him right there?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For my own conven-
ience—I do not know how he may feel aboat
it—I think it would be a relief to me to be
relieved for an hour or two now, and come
back and sit an hour or two later if necessary.
I should prefer that. I do not think we can,
consistently with a proper regard to the health
of some of us at any rate, sit here continu-
ously in this way. There may be younger
men than I am, perhaps, who can stay here
day after day, and all the time ; but I confess
I have suffered some inconvenience from the
nights I have already been here, and it would
be to me a relief, and I think it would be to
other Senators. I cannot, of course, answer
for the others, but we would all feel better
and get along just as fast by taking a recess
now.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I make a suggestion
to the Senator from Indiana? In the first
place, as to the resolution which was in-
troduced in relation to the adjournment of
Congress, I did not make any objection to that,
and if it will be any convenience to this body
to have it passed now I shall not interpose
any objection. In the second place, the Sen-
ator says he does not like to hear remarks on
this subject., I can assure him I did not like
to read this report as far as it referred to me.
Mr. MORTON. I did not say that I did not
like to hear remarks on the subject. I said I
was perfectly willing to hear the Senator.
Mr. SCHURZ. I thought the Senator said
he was tired of it.
Mr. MORTON. I make no sort of objection
to the Senator speaking on the subject.
Mr. SCHURZ. _ I think in a case like this
our convenience might be mutually considered.
1 should not stand in the way of the Senate
going on with this bilj if any time was assigned
to me to-morrow or any other time that may
please the Senate; but at the present moment
I must confess it is hardly ppssible for mq to
go on, my health having been bad for a con-
siderable time. I therefore desire that a recess
may be taken, or, if Senators prefer it, that
the Senate should adjourn until to-morrow.
If the Senate wants to pass now the resolution
referring to the adjournment of Congress I will
yield for that purpose.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri yield to raeto take up House bill No.
2847 ?
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not think I would yield
for that, but I would yield for the resolution
to adjourn, or for a motion for a recess.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the sound
economy of time would dictate the proper use
of it. The whole of this week has been the
scene of constant labor and of over-exertion
by the members of this body, such as they
could not maintain for any length of time with-
out utter physical and mental prostration. I
speak i^t least for those who, sit here and en-
deavor to attend to the public business ; and
that does not embrace the whole of the Senate.
As was said hy the honorable Senator from
Indiana, the sessions of this week have been
very severe. He -said, I think, that he had
been here until midnight every night this week.
Many of us have been here not only untilmid-
night, but until almost midday of the day fol-
lowing our meeting.
The Senator referred to those who he sup-
posed in some way were seeking so to delay
the progress of the necessary measures of the
session that a new session of Congress should tie
called as the result of their action, or some in-
definite prolongation of the present session.
Such may be the intent with some ; and when,
last night, I witnessed in this Chamber upon
the part of members of the majority in the
Chamber dilatory motions, dilatory action hav-
ing no other apparent effect or intention than,
to prolong the sessions and prevent the passage
of the tariff bill, I thought; there was good
ground forsupposing that there was, in the.rna-
jority in this Chamber and against the will of
the minority, a strong disposition to protract
the session and defeat the appropriation bills
at the present session, and make, perhaps, the
call of another session necessary.
Therefore, when these things are to be con-
sidered^ when the honorable Senator says a
resolution looking to a prolongation of the
present session was introduced and objected
to, why did he not follow it up with the further
statement, the other half of the truth, that the
objection was withdrawn by the gentleman
who entered it, because lie thought at the time
the proposition was made it was made at a
point of the debate when party heat would
have rendered the proposition unsafe to be
entertained by those in the Chamber, and I
will say by those of us in the Chamber, for I
am one of them, who desired that the public
business should be expeditiously and honestly
and thoroughly performed, and an adjourn-
ment take place as soon as it was practicable
for public safety and a due sense of the public
interests.
Now, sir, we were in session yesterday until
I think nearly four o'clock this morning when
the Senate adjourned. We'came back here at
midday and we have been in session five hours
and a half steadily; and it is proposed to con-
tinue the session to-night. I have not a par-
ticle of objection to that, for, although fatigued)
I would certainly overcome my personal incon-
venience for the sake of proceeding with busi-
ness; but it is not practicable to sit here
without rest, without food, or the proper
opportunity for physical refreshment, and go
on with the b.usiness of the country in a man-
ner which befits our positions, or at all equal
to the duties we are called upon to perform.
I therefore submit that it would be decorous
and proper for the Senate to take a recess for
such proper and convenient time as will admit
of rest and refreshment to persons who are
engaged here in public business. I trust, for
the expedition of public business, for that
reasonable expedition which no man can
doubt the result of, the motion for a recess will
be accepted by the Senate, and that we may
take an hour and a half or two hours for that
purpose, and meet again to-night and prolong
the session until it shall become proper to
adjourn to the following day. I hope there
wiil be no objection to this, because if there be,
that objection plainly will be an obstruction
of reasonable legislation.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, this is not a
matter of convenience 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to postpone indefinitely the fui-
th^r consideration of the appropriation bill.
