2332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Mr. HOWE. You seem to contemplate
that, in order to incorporate a person into an
Indian tribe, it must be by treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, i have no objec-
tion, by general consent, to striking out the
words " by treaty stipulation."
Mr. EDMONDS. We can rectify it if we
do not table it. If the Senate are unwilling
to do anythiug on the subject, the amendment
will be tabled ; if they are willing to consider
the subject, we can then perfect the amend-
ment.
Mr. _ MORRILL, of Maine. I have no
objection, thenj to letting it stand for the
present.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Caldwell, Chandler, Cole,
Kelly, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Robertson,
Stewart, Tnurinan, Tipton, Vickers, and Win-
do m—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Casserly,
Cooper, Corbett, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Con-
nection t. Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hill, llovve, Jlorrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Ste-
venson, and Wright—26.
AUliENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton,
Conklirtg, Cragin. Davis of Kentucky, Davis of
West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hitcbcock, Johnston, Kellogi?, Lewis, Logan, Mor-
ton, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Kice, Schurz, Spencer,
bprague, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, West, and
Wilson—32.
So the Senate refused to lay the amendment
on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
amendment read again. The Senate was not
full when it was last read. I want to call
attention to some peculiarities in it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. This is a criminal law,
and there pujjht to be a reasonable degree of
certainty in it. I desire to call the attention
of the lawyers in the body to its language. It
says if any person enters upon lands held by
thelndians by treaties or other title from the
United States he shall be guilty of a misde-
meanor. This title of the Indians is rather
indefinite.
Mr._ FERRY, of Connecticut. It is described
as "title from the United States."
Mr. STEWART. How do they acquire title
from the United States? Is there such a thing?
You out;lit. to iiave some certainty in it, if you
are going to pass a criminal law. How do
they get title from the United States? Has
the United States given them any? The lan-
guage is "by treaty or other title from the
United States."
Mr. HARLAN. The United States has given
a great many of them patents to their lands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And also by setting apart
reservations distinctly for their use. There is
no trouble about it.
Mr. STEWART. None of these reserva-
tions have been surveyed, and they are scat-
tered over the western territories, and men
will go there and settle. The Indian agent
may say that the settler is on a reservation.
Nobody call tell particularly; but that man
is to be tried for that offense. Perhaps he is
not on it. By this proposition you commence
a whole series of criminal prosecutions all over
that country.
Mr. IIA LiLAN. Tho language of the amend-
ment 13 "knowingly and willfully settle." If
he should stumble on a reservation that was
not surveyed, the exterior boundaries of which
had not been established on tho earth's sur-
face, of course he would not be guilty in the
eye of the law.
Mr. STEWART. If the reservations were
surveyed and the lines understood, that would
be a different thing. The question is whether
the man knowingly and willfully entered on the
land, and he is to be put on his trial. He
thinks he is not on a reservation ; another man !
thinks he is; and the Indian agent gives him i
a notice. j
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to !
say to my friend that, in tlie first place, it is
subject to this limitation, that the Indians
shall have a title from the Government of the
United States; and, in the second place, it
shall be known to the party wno trespasses
and he shall go on knowingly and willfully. If
the Senator can employ any language stronger
than that, I will most cheerfully accept any
amendment he may propose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not destroy the
whole thing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course.
Mr. STEWART. I will admit that I am
opposed to this thing altogether, and I will
tell you why. It is unfair. It ought not to be
done. I protest against it. I can give you
several reasons why it ought not to be done.
The settlers have a right to go into that west-
ern country. You set apart large reservations
for the Indians, unnecessarily large, that are
used by nobody, and are of no use to any-
body. The white people of this country want
those lands. You talk about homestead set-
tlers and preemption settlers, and yet here are
vast tracts of country from which you exclude
them. Most of the States have been settled
in advance of extinguishing the Indian title ;
and the very thing that I complain of is keep-
ing the Indian title, not giving the Indian any
detinite home or definite lauds, keeping the
country from civilization; and now you pro-
pose to punish the settlers for doing exactly
what your ancestors did. They claimed great
merit for having driven the Indians from the
lands in this portion of the country, and their
heroism in defending their homes has excited
your admiration.
Instead of punishing the settlers who are
trying to find a home, you should give the In-
dian a home, and not send him out there on
the plains or send him out into those mount-
ains. You set apart vast regions of land
which he cannot occupy, and then you pro-
pose to prevent any white man from occupy-
ing it, and you pile up your criminal statutes
against those who may attempt to settle the
land. Sir, you have enough criminal statutes
now. The Indian may go off the reseivation.
He can steal from the whites and run back to
the reservation with impunity. The thief can
go there and become incorporated into the
tribe ; but the honest settler, if he gets over
the line, is to be sent to the penitentiary. This
Indian country now is filled up with robbers
and murderers, who go there to evade the
law. They can be incorporated under your
laws with the Indian' tribes ; there is no law
against that; but the man who goes West with
his family, and happens to go over one of these
vague unsurveyed boundaries, if he gets there
by accident and does not remove immediately
is under this law a crimipal. It may be that
everything he has in the world is invested
there, and that by accident he has got over
thc line of one of these Indian reservations ;
he is notified to go off; and if he stays he must
go to the penitentiary. Probably he has not
money enough in the world to get away.
The difficulty is that you are attempting to
carry out a policy that is impossible. The
difficulty is in not being reasonable. Give the
Indian a home somewhere, but do not under-
take to monopolize the West for the benefit
of a few Indians. You will not do it; you
cannot do it. You may dedicate the land for
awhile to barbarism and then to speculation.
That is what you do with all these reserva-
tions. We have a specimen of it in the le<*is-
laiion of to-day in the amendment that was
offered by tho Senator from Kentucky. Here
are two reservations in Wisconsin, and what
do you do? You have kept the settlers off
them up to this time by your Army. Do you
give them any chance to go in on them now?
No. What have you done ? You now pro-
pose to have them surveyed and sold at auction
to speculators who will combine to buy them
up, and the settlers cannot go on them." You
have done the same thing in Kansas. You do i
it everywhere. Your love for the settlers is a
sham, when you have in these western States
every year a reservation or two to sell to spec-
ulators at auction. You talk about homestead
and preemption laws, and say that no land
shall be given to any but actual settlers, and
yet in this very bill you provide that several
hundred thousand acres, I do not know how
much, shall be sold in gross at auction. Of
course there will be a combination. The poor
man will have no show. When will you give
the settler a chance ? You will not allow him
to go on the reservation. If he does, you
propose to send liim to prison; and when you
dispose of the reservation you do so at auction
in such a way that the speculator gets hold of
it. Is that the policy of this Government?
Is there no time when the settler can have
rights?
Mr. BLAIR. Did I understand the Senator
to state that there was a provision in this bill
for the sale of a reservation in gross?
Mr. STEWART. Two reservations.
Mr. BLAIR. Then J will not vote for the
bill. If we are to have another affair like Joy's
and the neutral lands, I hope the whole bill
will be defeated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is nothing of that
sort in this bill.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir, in the amendment
adopted to-day on the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the reading of
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky
as part of my speech.
Mr. BLAIR. If we are going to sell another
tract of land to Mr. Joy, I want to know it and
I want the Senate to know it.
Mr. STEWART. The second section of
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky is in these words:
_ That the lands rendered vacant under the preceJ -
mg section of this act shall be appraised by three
competent commissioners, one of whom shall be the
United States agent for the said Chippewa Indians,
and the other two shall be appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior. Should there be upon any of
the lands to be thus appraised any improvement
made by or for the Indians, or for Government par-
poses, the said commissioners shall appraise the said
improvements separately. After the said lauds shall
have been appraised, as herein provided, the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall be, and hereby is. author-
ized to offer the same for sale, and sealed proposals,
duly invited by public advertisement, shall bo re-
ceived for the same, for tracts not exceeding ono
hundred and sixty acres each, and also tor the entire
body ottered; and he shall be, and hereby is, author-
ized to accept the proposal for the entire tract, or
the highest bids for separate tracts, as shall be
deemed best, and to cause patents in the usual form
to be issued to said purchaser or purchasers tor said
lands: Provided, lhatno bidforseparatetraetsshall
be accepted which may bo less than the appraised
value or such tract, including the improvements if
any, thereon, or for the entire tract, which shall bo
less than the aggregate appraised value ot tho same,
ana ot all the improvements, if any, thereon : And
provided further, That bids for tracts having im-
provements upon theilf.shall state the price for both
the land and the implements. The proceeds of
such sales shall be invested or expended for the
benefit of the Indians interested, in such manner as
the Secretary of tho Interior may direct.
X undertake to say there is no provision here
by which that sale cata be anything else but
a monopoly. Sealed proposals are to be
received. The lands are not even surveyed,
and a man cannot make a separate bid on
it, because he cannot describe it. The lands
wiil simply be sold at auction en masse. I
want to know whether you are going to pro-
ceed in that way? In the first place, you
propose to send the settler to the peniten-
tiary if he goes on the reservation. If you
a1eeP'1'n? unt'l the time comes to remove
the Indians to some other place, and then
you sell the reservation in gross, I want to
know at what time he is going to have those
lands, if ever? Isoiv, while the policy of hold-
mg these reservations for the purpose of
selling them in gross to speculators is pur-
sued, I say it is wrong to exclude the set-
tlers from them at any time, and I do not want
any more criminal laws to keep them off the
reservations.
Mr. THURMAN, I wish to call the atten-
