1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283B
tion of the mover of tliis amendment, as well
as of the Senate, somewhat carefully to its
provisions, because 1 hardly think he himself
will insist upon it in its present shape, at least,
after he has reflected upon it. The amend-
ment reads:
That if any person, other than an Indian or person
incorporated into an Indian tribe by treaty stipu-
lation, shall knowingly and willfully squator settle
upon lands, &c.
That is, any person who is not an Indian or
is not a person incorporated into an Indian
tribe by treaty stipulation, who shall squat or
settle on these lands that are named shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor. Now, there are
many whites who have been adopted into
Indian tribes not by any treaty stipulation, but
by the tribe itself. There are numerous whites
now members of Indian tribes who have been
in that manner adopted by the tribes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My attention
was called to that point a few moments ago,
and I said I had no objection to striking out
the words '"by treaty stipulation." I am
inclined to think that they should be stricken
out.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask whether that
language would not exclude the whole race
of colored people incorporated by law, not by
any treaty I
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir ; they
are incorporated by the treaty stipulations of
1866.
Mr. NYE. They are not incorporated by
any treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; they
are incorporated by the treaty of 1866; and I
put that in at the suggestion of the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. NYE. With the Cherokees they are :
not with any others.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the criti-
cism. of the Senator from Ohio is just in regard
to that point.
Mr. THURMAN. Now I want to go on to
another matter, which I am sure my friend,
must have overlooked also:
That if any person, other than an Indian or person
incorporated into an -Indian tribe by treaty stipu-
lation—
I suppose the Senator will add "or by the
tribe itself" —
shall knowingly and willfully squat or settle upon
lands holden by any Indian or Indian tribe by
treaties or other title from the United States, &e., he
shall be deemed guilty oi a misdemeanor and torever
after incompetent to acquire a title to sugIi lands.
Now, this protects the land of every indi-
vidual Indian, whether he is au Indian subject
to the jurisdiction of the United States, and
therefore a citizen of the United States, or
whether he is one of a tribe. It applies to the
land of the Indian as much as to the reserva-
tion that belongs to the tribe, and as we know
there are many individual Indians some of
whom are citizens of the United States, their
tribal organization being entirely broken up,
and some of whom, who are not, hold lands
in severalty. This amendment it' adopted pro-
tects the land of that individual Indian by
making it absolutely a misdemeanor, punish-
able by fine and imprisonment, for anybody
who is not an Indian to trespass on his land.
It makes it a criminal offense to trespass on
that Indian's land, while you may trespass on
the land of his white neighbor just as much as
you please. I am sure my friend did not
intend that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Can my hon-
orable friend conceive of a case where the
Indians hold lands in severalty in an Indian
reservation held by treaty stipulations with the
Government?
Mr. THURMAN. This is not limited to
Indian reservations.
Mr. MORltlLL, of Maine. Certainly it is.
Mr. THURMAN. Not at all; not a bit of
it. It is not limited. It is just as broad as
the Republic. Let us look at it again :
That if any person, otherthan an Indian or person
incorporated into an Indian tribe by treaty stip-
ulation, shall knowingly or willfully squat or
settle on lands holden by an Indian or Indian tribe
by treaties or other title from the United States.
It applies to every Indian, no matter where
he is, who owns or holds land by title from
tbe United States. He may be in Ohio. We
have several very respectable Indian farmers
in the State of Ohio. One of them, I remem-
ber, used to be clerk of thecourt in one of our
counties, and a very excellent and respectable
man he was, too, and a land-owner of very
considerable extent.
Mr. BAYARD. He never took a scalp.
[Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. No; he never took a
scalp. There are other States where indi-
vidual Indians own lands in severalty derived
from the United States. This extends to them
according to its terms. I am sure it is not
intended, and what my friend just says shows
that it was not intended; but it will have to
be amended, or it will have that effect.
But here is another thing. If these persons
shall squat or settle upon lands " holden by
any Indian or Indian tribe by treaties or other
title from the United States, or attempt to
occupy or hold any portion of said lands, or to
reside within the limits of said lands or territory
without authority or license from the United
States, he shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor." He may have authority from the
tribe to settle upon the lands; he may have
authority from the individual Indian who is
the owner, to settle upon it; but that will not
protect him from punishment by fine and im-
prisonment under this amendment, unless ho
has also the authority of the United States. I
submit to my fiiend that will not do at all. I sub-
mit to him that if an Indian tribe wants to em-
ploy a carpenter, or a blacksmith, or a miller,
or a preacher, or a doctor, and give him a
settlement on their reservation, he ought not to
be punished by fine and imprisonment unless
he also gets the consent of the United States;
and yet that is this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In regard to
the latter point, it is not well taken, because
the amendment runs precisely in harmony with
the intercourse law on that subject.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator is going
to reply to me he may as well answer all my
points at once. There is one other thing to
which I wish to call his attention, and that is,
what will be the effect of such a proposition
as this? He proposes to extend the law in
regard to Indian traders for the purpose of
applying it to this section. What he means
by that I suppose is this: that you can seize a
man in any Indian reservation by the United
States troops and take him off five hundred or
one thousand miles to some district court to
try him. You can seize a man in Alaska on an
Indian reservation and drag him down to Cal-
ifornia or Oregon or Washington Territory or
Dakota or Montana to try him. I do not like
that kind of administration of justice.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine was entitled to the, floor, but
yielded it temporarily to the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will allow
me to say a word or two I will sit down, and
then he Can go on with his argument.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the terms of the
amendment are probably more comprehensive
than the Senator himself imagines. If he were
to confine it to what are called special or per-
manent reservations, it might answer the pur-
pose he has in view ; but certainly, unless he
would review all the treaties made with Indian
tribes from the beginning of the Government
down to this time, he would find it very un-
safe to pass such a provision of law as the one
he proposes now. We know that many of the
treaties made with the Indian tribes are very
loosely drawn ; as for instance, the oue of
1867, made with the tribes just west of the
Red river, a country of immense extent, their
title to which was very questionable; and yet,
from inattention at the time, from a lack of
care on the part of the Senate in ratifying that
treaty, they ceded a title to the Indians over
that large tract of country to which they were
certainly not entitled; and as my colleague
observed, they were guilty of the very curious
conduct at the time of this cession, within the
country thus claimed by them, of taking from,
the Government of the United States a title
for what they call a permanent reservation.
They have two of them, one, as was stated jn
the debate the other day, at Fort Wadaworth,
on Lake Traverse, and the other at Devil's
Lake, further north. At the same time that
the Government ceded to them the title for
that whole country, vast in extent, one hun-
dred and fifty miles north and south, and one
hundred miles east and west, they received
from the Government a permanent or special
reservation, as they term it.
If tho provisions of the Senator's amend-
ment were to apply particularly to these per-
manent reservations, I should not have so
much objection to it; but in its present terms
it applies to this large tract .of country to
which the Indians have a very questionable
title. The Senate of the United States never
would have assented to the title they claimed
in the terms of that treaty if it had given any
consideration to the subject.
Now, I have no doubt if you examine your
treaty book, the thousand treaties you have
made with the Indian tribes, all of which you
would sanctify by the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine, there is just the same weak-
ness in titles ; and yet, without consideration,
without reflection, you propose to make it a
misdemeanor for a settler to enter on these
lands. I think the Senate ought to reflect
more carefully on this subject before they put
this penal provision in the laws of the United
States. Mattero of very much less import-
ance than this have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs before the Senate
would consent to act upon them ; but now,
with great, precipitancy and without any reflec-
tion at all, we are asked to pass a provision
which is entirely novel upon our statute-books.
Why, sir, upon this tract of country to which
I have referred—and I have no doubt on a
careful examination a hundred just such cases
of want of consideration on the part of the
Senate in ratifying Indian treaties could he
found—there are, as I stated before to the
Senate, ten thousand people. The Senator
would make their being there a misdemeanor,
and would have all the machinery of the Uni-
ted States Government, the Army, the United
States marshals and their assistants, come in
and drive these people from their homes. The
Indian title to that country is not worth a
feather's weight to any one who judges fairly
of it; and yet upon vonr treaty-book there is
some little pretense of a title which is suffi-
cient to enable the Government to persecute
these people.
I beg the Senate before they do this, before
they subject the ten thousand people who have
settled west of the Red river to all the pen-
alties of the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, to ponder well upon the subject. They
should at least refer it to a committee for con-
sideration and reflection and comparison with
the treaties. These people were induced to
go on there not simply by the usual desire of
the American people to extend the area of th©
Republic and the area of civilization, but they
were induced to go on there because the Gov-
ernment of the United States had twice made
an anpropriation, this very Senate twice appro-
priated money for surveys within that region
of country. The surveys have been made.
The Government has established a land office
there. It has invited persons to go in and
enter the lands. And yet, under the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine, these people
