18T2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Texas Contested Election—Mr. Clark.
Ho. of Reps.
be vindicated by all honest men of the coun-
try. There is nothing even in the testimony
of the contestant militating against that cer-
tificate. In referring to Brazos county, the
committee say that the board of elections had
the right to number and mark each ticket. I
join issue on th&t.
Mr. HOAR. The committee make no such
statement anywhere. The committee say that
the numbering of the ballots by the officers
of elections, whether legal or illegal, does
not warrant depriving the voter of the right
to cast his ballot.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. In other words,
they have the right to number the ballots
whether in violation of law or not, and to
keep a complete supervision over every man
with regard to his vote. I assert,' sir, that
that is utterly in violation of the law of the
State, and is a species of Ku Klux espionage
to which the gentleman from Massachusetts
would not like long to be subjected in Texas.
I believe, sir, that the whole question in my
case depends upon the action of the returning
officers regarding Washington county. I think
the chairman of the committee has come to
the same conclusion. Indeed, the report of
the committee would indicate that so far as
the armed violence of Limestone arid Free-
stone counties is concerned, the Governor
was perfectly justified in rejecting the votes
of those two counties. This Washington
county is the home of the contestant. It is
the garden spot of the State. I have lived
there. I know its people ; and I know there
is ill that county a Republican majority of
1.800 or 2,000 votes. It was natural, sir, that
this contestant should desire to carry his own
county. Unfortunately for him he did not,
but he was sufficiently successful to reduce
my majority to about 200. To accomplish
that result the contestant and his friends, as
is shown by the evidence, set up two boxes,
one on either side of the court house, one
called " the white man's box," and the other
"the black man's box," thus drawing a dis-
tinction between the different classes of voters,
"the rebel Democratic" and "the Repub-
lican." It is well known that the contestant
and his family are very large owners of real
estate, and are bankers and lawyers in that
county. The scheme was well devised and
admirably executed. When it was discovered
that I was to carry that county by a very large
majority these two boxes were set up, in the
face of the protest of the district attorney, as
shown by evidence of contestant.
The regular judge ot' election was driven
from the board, and a creature of the con-
testant, without any authority, assigned to
preside over "the white man's box." To
make this scheme of villainy more complete,
the telegraphic wires leading to Austin were
cut, in order that no knowledge ot these facts
might come to the Governor of the State;
and not until they had accomplished their
object did the friends of the contestant permit
the wires to he replaced. In view of these facts
sworn to and certified before the returning
officers, the Governor of the State rejected
this illegal white man's box and counted only
the regular box in accordance with the election
jaws of the State. In this, as has been said,
the Governor was perfectly justified, and he
would have been false to himself and to the
loyal people of the district had he acted other-
wise. The committee think differently. They
never will be convinced to the contrary until
they have passed through one election in the
State of Texas. I am sorry, sir, that not one
member of the committee ever smelt powder,
or was ever under rebel fire, but I hope, sir,
that the time is coming when they or their
children will learn by the iron hand ot experi-
ence what it is to live in a disloyal State.
J regret to have occupied the attention of the
House so long. I have done it only in justice
to myself and to the loyal people of the South.
You will not hear from me very soon, prob-
ably. Your action to-day makes that impos-
sible.. But, sir, I am coming back here. I am
coming back to raise my voice once more in
behalf of the rights of the people whose cause
I have ever advocated on this floor—the Clause
of loyalty and equal rights for every Ameri-
can citizen.
I would like to refer for a moment to the
achievements of the Republican party in my
State since it came into power. For thirty
long years the Democracy held that State, as
it held the other southern States, in the abject
subjection of master and slave, slaves white as
well as black. When that mighty incubus of
aristocratic slave power was lifted from that
people it sprang into a new life. For thirty
years of Democratic rule, with millions of
money and millions of acres of land, they
could show less than four hundred miles of
railroads. With the Republican party in power
in less than two years they showed over five
hundred miles of railroad completed. For
thirty years there never was seen a free school
in the whole State, notwithstanding the mil-
lions of money appropriated for that purpose.
The same men who have secured the seat here
for my opponent stole the money which was
to be applied to the purposes of free schools,
exhausted the treasury, and left a debt of
$500,000 upon the Republican party. To-day,
in less than eighteen months after the Repub-
lican party took control, there are over two
thousaud schools and over one hundred and
eighty thousand children in them.
And more, sir. Men talk here flippantly about
the carpet-bag governments of the South. The
Governor of my State, the bravest, the most
honest, the most earnest-hearted Executive in
the South, was born in Florida, and has lived
thirty years in Texas. The secretary of
State, earnest, true, and determined, has lived
there nearly thirty years. The other return-
ing officer lias lived there for more than thirty-
five years; and so with nearly every State
officer in Texas. They have stood up man-
fully against every attempt to involve the
State in debt, notwithstanding it was sought
to be forced upon them by the Legislature,
four fifths of whom were southern born, every
Democrat with two exceptions voting all
the time for every job. For the last time
I reiterate what I have said before on this
floor, that with all these attempts on the part
of the rebel Democracy the State to-day
stands better in credit, than any southern
State. She owes less than five hundred thou-
sand dollars. Her bonds sell readily at par.
Her treasury meets every demand upon it, and
it will be the "glory of the Republican party in
the future as in the past to hold up to the
country a reconstructed State whose credit,
whose honor, and whose integrity is proof
against every insinuation, every unauthoiized
statement which has been made on this floor
or in the Senate by any man, whatever his
rank or position.
It is true, sir, that in this contest I have
been compelled to contest against one of the
vice presidents of the Dolly Vardeu conven-
tion, a Senator from my State. He has sought
every opportunity, perhaps because I was his
opponent for his seat in the Senate, to vilify
and traduce me, and to hold me up to the
execration of men who think like himself, that
no man has any right to be born unless he can
be born in the South. The chief and most
earnest advocate of the very measures brought
forward by the Legislature ot the State ^ to
carry out the provisions of the constitution
which he himself wrote and caused to be
incorporated therein, when the time came for
him to put his hands in his pocket and pay
his share of the taxes which were necessary
to support the measures called for by that
constitution, he then, like all his family, loving
money better than principle, enjoying vituper-
ation better than commendation, soured, em-
bittered, lonely, and miserable, without a
friend as he says in the broad land, has made,
it his special province to vilify the State
administration, abase the school system, and
has joined the rebel Democracy to assist my
opponent and secure my defeat.
I have said, sir, that I go but to return. i.
shall return when men like the one whom i
have just described shall have gone down to
their graves unhonored, unwept, and unsung;
when the school-house and the church will be
seen upon every hill-top, and in every valley
throughout that beautiful land; wlieu the
whistle of the locomotive shall have frightened
from their dens forever all the Ku Klux and
all the rebel friends of that gentleman ; when
the three thousand miles of railroad now being
built at the rate of two and a half miles a day,
shall have brought to that State the industry
and intelligence of Europe and of the great
Northwest. Then, sir, it will not be necessary
for the sitting member, as now, his seat being
contested by one of the friends of the contest-
ant,- to take a pistol in one hand and a pen in
the other to take his testimony to vindicate
his cause. In that day there will be no sub-
ornation of witnesses. There will be no such
record as that which has been presented here
by the contestant, but he and all his friends,
unless they repent and join the progressive
party, the great Republican party, which
believes treason odious and loyalty honorable,
will have sunk into the oblivion which they
deserve.
Mr. Speaker, I have been called a carpet-
bagger. It is true, sir, that I was born in New
England ; that I drew my first breath amid
her grim, gray cliffs and mountain peaks, her
crystal lakes, her lofty pines, her melancholy
solitudes. More than twenty-five years ago,
a boy of thirteen, 1 went out alone to fight my
battle with the world. I learned at my mother's
knee to hate wrong, slavery, dishonesty, and
hypocrisy. Creeping up the old stairway many
a day I have listened to that mother's pleading
with the great God above us for the liberation
of the slave and the equality of man before the
law. i love to go bacK sometimes to that old
home and to lay my head down upon the rocks
and feel the great heart of New England beat
up through her granite. Honest pulsations
are they as they come up from those rocky
depths, and their influence is now, and has been
felt for nothing but good throughout the glo-
rious West and Southwest, and their vibrations
are only lost when they meet the lips of the
waves that kiss the shores of the Pacific.
I am proud that I am a New England man,
but I am also an American citizen and a citizen
of Texas. Through the terrible battle-fields
of the war I fought my way there. 1 believel
have a right to live there and wherever the old
starry banner floats. True, I have seen that
flag torn down over my head and burned in the
tar barrel during my canvass ; but, thank
I shall yet live to see the day when, even in
Texas, any man who dares to tear down that
flag will be hanged upon the Spot and all the
people will say " amen."
One word more, and I have .done.
In the language of Henry Clay, until very
recently the patron political saint, of Mr.
Greeley, the candidate of the "chameliou"
convention at Cincinnati—
" i announce here that I have wished the good
opinion of the world, but I defy the most malignant
of my enemies to show that I have attempted to
gain it by any low or groveling acts, by any mean or
unworthy sacrifices, By the violation of any ,of the
obligations of honor, or by a breach of any of the
duties -which I owed to my country."
i understand the temper of this House. You
cannot pass the "civil rights bill/' nor can
