1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
4125
The Senator from Illinois withdrew the motion
for a recess.
Mr. COLE. I will say one word on this
subject which has been discussed by other
Senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdrew the motion
at the instance of the Senator from Indiana,
who desired to make a suggestion about it.
I expected to renew it. ' ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California has the floor, and the
motion cannot be renewed without his consent.
Mr. COLE. We cannot govern ourselves
here by considerations of convenience. We
have but a limited time in which to do a very
large amount of business. If we could have
been governed by mere considerations of con-
venience we should not have been in session
until three o'clock this morning. We have
passed that period of the session when we can
consult our own convenience, our own wishes,
or our own comfort. So far as we now know,
and so far as we can judge, the time for ad-
journment is next Monday at twelve o'clock,
and we have a very large amount of business
that must be transacted, even if we are com-
pelled to remain in session every moment be-
tween this time and that, including Sunday.
Mr; SCHURZ. Permit me to interrupt the
Senator right there. Does his want to call up
the resolution relative to adjournment now?
Mr. COLE. No, sir; I did not propose to
do that. There was objection to it and it went
over until to-morrow.
Mr. SCHURZ. I suppose that objection
would be withdrawn. There would be no diffi-
culty about that.
Mr. COLE. We have no assurance-that the
House will take favorable action upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator will ask to have that resolution passed.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection, certainly.
Mr. VICKERS. My colleague [Mr: Ham-
ilton] made the objection, and he is not in the
Chamber, I do not know what his reason was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California asks unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of the resolu-
tion to rescind the adjournment resolution.
Does the Senator from Maryland object?
Mr. VICKERS. I do not think It ought to
be taken up in the absence of my colleague.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland objects.
Mr. BAYARD. ' It was distinctly stated by
the Ohair "that, that resolution laid over until
to-morrow, because then there was ample time
for its consideration. The objection to its
reception was withdrawn, and it laid over with
thatunderstanding of the Senate, not one word
being said to the contrary. I merely mention
that as a fact which it strikes me makes the
motion of the Senator from California irregu-
lar. I will inquire is there any motion now
before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing motion is the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to indefinitely postpone the
appropriation bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order for me to
move to take a recess until half past seven
o'clock?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is always in order.
Mr. BAYARD. I make that motion now.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 15, noes 21; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to cull the roll.
Mr. WEST. As I understand there is no
quorum voting, I ask leave to submit a report
from a comnntiee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must first announce the result of the vote. If
no quorum is voting it would not be in order
to proceed to other business.
The result was announced—yeas 17, nays
22 ; as follows : i
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bavard, Blair, Casserly, I
Cragin, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Norwood, Pool, |
Ransom, Schurz.Sprague, Sujnner, Trumbull, West, ;
and Windom—17. |
KAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boretriaa, C;ild- !
well, Carpenter, Chandler. Clayton, Cole, Conkling,
Krelinghuysen, Harlan, Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Morton,
Poinernv, Ramsey, Scott, Spencer, and Wilson—22.
• ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Cam-
eron, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of
West Virginia, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Con-
necticut. Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas. Hamlin, Hill, Howe, Nye, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Sherman. Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Tharman,
Tipton, Vickers, and Wright—35.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. POME ROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the question of postponing indefi-
nitely the further consideration of the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will first put the question on the. demand ft>t
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to withdraw
the motion.
Mr. MORTON and others. It is too late.
Mr. SUMNER. The yeas and nays have
not been ordered, and I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
Mr. CONKLING. I raise the point of order
that the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, have I the
floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I was about
to rise, and indeed was on my feet, in order
to settle this controversy which seemed to be
going on, and in which I take tio part. The
Senator from Missouri wished indulgence, and
the Senators here were not disposed to give it
to him, and I was about to suggest away which
would accommodate all around. The motion
to indefinitely postpone will be in order at any
time. It will be in order an houf from now
or three hours from now, at any stage of the
bill, and therefore I withdraw the motion I
have made, giving notice that at some con-
venient time that will harmonize with the
stfengih and desires of the Senator from Mis-
souri I shall renew it.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to the motion
being Withdrawn on the ground that the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to withdraw the motion,
the yeas and nays having been ordered upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the motion to in-
definitely postpone can be made at any time.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. It can be.
Mr. TRUMBULL/. Then there is nothing
gained by this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
renewed at any time.
Mr. WILSON. Is the motion withdrawn
or not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not withdrawn. The Senator from New
York objects to its withdrawal.
Mr. WILSON. If it is not withdrawn, I
think it better all around that we agree to
take a recess, and meet again at half past
seven o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that had been agreed
to some time ago, we should have saved half
an hour.
The PRESIDING*.OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to indefinitely postpone
the appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Have the yeas and nays
been ordered on that motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have
been. .
Mr SUMNER. I did not so understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stated that a sufficient number rose t<J second
the call.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That does not change
it at all. The motion to postpone can be
voted down now, and we can go on, and in half
an hour make it over again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER: The Chair
so stated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do not Senators see
that nothing is gained by this?
Mr. CONKLING. Everybody sees that.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let the vote be
taken on the motion for indefinite postpone-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us take the vote
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson'] now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts move a recess?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts was going to move a
recess. We have already lost three quarters
of an hour.
Mr. WILSON. I make a motion for a
recess until half past seven o'clock.
■ Mr. SCHURZ. Say eight o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. Very well ;• I will say eight
o'clock. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of tka' Ssnator from
Massachusetts, that the Senate now take a
reCess until eight o'clock.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 16, noes 20 ; no quorum
voting.
Mr. WEST called for the'yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President, is
it worth while to continue this struggle ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say that while I
think this is imposing a hardship on those who
have been up here night after night, and who
are most anxious to conclude business if pos-
sible on next Monday, I, for one, shall offer
no further opposition to a recess until half
past seven or eight o'clock.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21,, nays 17 ; as follows :
yeas-^-Messrs.-Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Norwood, Ransom, Schurz,Spencer,
Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, West, Wil-
son, and Windom—21. ~ '
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Claytpn, Cole, Coiiklinjj,
Frelmghuysen, Harlan, Hill, Lewis, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Pomoroy, R<imsoy, and Scott—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Cam-
eron, Casserly, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, ien-
tail, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton ot 'L'exas, Hamlin, Howe, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Robertson,
Saulsbury. Sawyer. Sherman, Stevenson, Stewart,
Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, and Wright—36.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate accordingly (at six o'clock p. m.) took a
recess until eight o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at eight o'clock
p. m.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOCSE.
' A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clistojj Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, wilh amendments; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 13) for the relief of Mrs.
Fanny Kelly; and
A bill (S. No. 984) granting the right of
way through the public lands to the Denver
and Rio Grande Railway Company.
statue of general kawlins.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message of the President
of the United States; which was ordered to be
