1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3229
tee entertained this proposition for a moment.
But I regret to learn that the committee are
unanimous in its favor. This institution is
becoming more thorough each year in its dis-
cipline and mode of instruction. There is no
nation of the earth so thorough in the prepa-
ration of its officers for the Ariny as our own.
The Government of the United States, since
the establishment of the Military Academy,
has from time to time sent boards of officers
and men of science to the different foreign
countries to examine into and report upon
their respective systems of military instruc-
tion. Prom these investigations we have
gathered much valuable information which
has enabled us to reach a proficiency in our
system at West Point far more thorough than
that of any foreign nation. Now, sir, if our
system of military instruction has advantages
and excellences over all other countries,
(and I maintain that it has,) then let us our-
selves reap and enjoy those advantages. Let
us keep out strangers. Let us go on im-
proving and perfecting our system, in the
hope that we shall soon become the great-
est military Power of the world. I am, sir,
and I have ever been in favor of throwing
open the doors of all of our scientific insti-
tutions to the nations of the earth, and giving
them the benefit of our experience in all the
branches of science, except those of war, on
land and sea, and to these I shall ever oppose
the admission of persons not citizens of the
United States. I am opposed to this bill in
all of its bearings, and 1 believe I shall have
the approbation of nine tenths of the officers
of the Army for my opposition to it. 1 hope
it will not receive the sanction of this House.
I move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. MO REX". I do not yield for that mo-
tion. I yield to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Morgan.]
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, I confess
that at first blush I was opposed to the propo-
sition to allow Japanese to be appointed to
eadetships in the Military Academy at West
Point. Upon reflection, however, 1 am satis-
fied the measure is wise. I think that when
my fiiends reflect upon the subject they will
see it is almost absurd to suppose that any in-
jury can result to the United States from such
a measure. We already have Japanese stu-
dents at the Naval Academy. The position
we occupy with reference to Japan is that of a
friendly ally, and oar relations are becoming
closer every day. It appears to me wise that
those relations should be fostered and en-
couraged.
My friend from Georgia [Mr. Young] speaks
of our military system as being unknown to
the nations of the earth. On that, point I beg
leave to differ with him. The military sys-
tems of all civilized nations are known to all
civilized nations. We ourselves derive the
principles of our military organization mainly
from Prance and Russia. They are embodied
in published works, and are known and under-
stood by the military men of all countries. I
trust, therefore, that the House will approve
this measure of wise liberality which will not
take one dollar from the public Treasury, for
the proposition is merely to allow the Govern-
ment of Japan to maintain at its own expense
at our Military School a certain number of
Japanese young men, that they may enjoy the
advantage of learning, not any peculiar system
of warfare, for our system is substantially the
European system. 1 can see no objection to
the bill, and trust it will be passed.
Mr. MOREY. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. YOUNG. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Young, there were—ayes 59, noes 53 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Mobet and
Mr. Young were appointed.
Mr. MOREY, (while taking his place as a
teller.) 1 wish to call attention to the fact
that these students are to be educated without
expense to the Government of the United
States.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order. Tellers are not appointed to debate
the bill.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 65.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table
was agreed to.
Mr. YOUNG moved to reconsider the vote
jast taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
s. P. JOCELYN.
Mr. MOREY also, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 2704) for
the relief of S. P. Jocelyn ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that upon
the occurrence of a vacancy in the grade of
first lieutenant in his regiment Second Lieu-
tenants. P. Jocelyn, twenty-first infantry, shall
be entitled to promotion to the grade of first
lieutenant, with dateofcommission and relative
rank in the Army held by him December 31,
1870; but the bill is not to be construed as
granting back pay or additional pay in any
manner whatever.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I rise to ask an ex-
planation of the bill. I do not like the prin-
ciple of special acts of Congress directing the
Secretary of War to appoint or reappoint this
or that man to a certain position in the Army.
I think it, a very bad principle. I know noth-
ing about this particular case, but the practice
of procuring an act of Congress, when some
man has been dismissed or has retired or re-
signed, in order to get him back or to get him
into some better position than he would other-
wise hold, is a practice which I must protest
against.
Mr. MOREY. I will explain in a very few
moments the scope of this bill. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] is no
more opposed than myself or the Committee
on Military Affairs to such measures as he in-
dicates. This officer was on duty with General
Hazen in the Indian territory at the time of
the general muster out of officers in January,
1871. By the fault, of General Hazen, who
left for Europe, this officer was not reported
as being on ihat duty, and the division com-
mander sent up his name to be placed on the
list of officers to be mustered out. As soon as
the error was discovered haste was made to
correct it. General Hazen attempted to have
it corrected by the Secretary of War. The
application for the correction of the error was
indorsed by General Pope and by General
Hancock, as well as by some others of the
best officers in our service. On the facts be-
coming known to the President, he imme-
diately reappointed Lieutenant Jocelyn in the
Army as a second lieutenant, that being the
only vacancy to which he could be appointed.
This bill provides that when there shall be a
vacancy in the rank of first lieutenant in his
regiment—the rank which he held when he
was mustered out—Lieutenant Jocelyn shall
be promoted to fill that vacancy. This pro-
motion is not to take place until a vacancy
occurs; and it cannot operate to the detriment
of any other officer. It only places this officer
in the same rank he would have held if this
error had not occurred. It is a case of great
merit. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera:
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. MOREY moved to reconsider the vot©
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bounties for colored soldiers.
Mr. BOLES. I ask to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which a bill (H. R.
No. 1589) amendatory of existing bounty laws,
and granting bounty to persons of color who
were slaves previous to the 19th day of April,
1861, and who enlisted and served in the Army
of the United States, was laid upon the table.
I enter this motion 
The SPEAKER. It cannot be debated dur-
ing the morning hour; the gentleman can only
enter his motion.
port stanton, new mexico.
Mr. TERRY, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back a bill (S. No. 609)
to reduce the limits of the military reserva-
tion at Port Stanton, New Mexico, with an
amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides that the Sec-
retary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized
and instructed to reduce the limits of the mili-
tary reservation at Port Stanton, in New
Mexico, to a tract not exceeding sixteen square
miles. The new limit of said reservation shall
embrace a strip of land eight miles in length,
and shall extend one mile from each bank of
the Rio Bonito ; the boundaries thereof to be
determined by the Secretary of War, and the
balance of the reservation to be thrown open
to settlement and occupation under the home-
stead laws of ihe United States. -
The amendment of the committee was read
as follows:
Strike out the words " settlement and occupation
under the homestead," and in lieu thereof msert
" entry and settlement under the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Senate bill, as amended, was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. TERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to
fortifications at lawrence kansas.
Mr. TERRY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (S. No. 807) author-
izing the Secretary of War to pay certain cer-
tificates issued for fortification purposes in
Lawrence, Kansas, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of War is hereby authorized and
directed to cause to be paid certain certificates
or vouchers issued pursuant to military au-
thority at Lawrence, Kansas, in the year 1864,
for services performed in the erection of
fortifications at that point, as recommended
by General James H. Hardie, Inspector Gen-
eral of the United States Army, of his investi-
gation into the claims of citizens of Kansas,
reported to the War Department, and that the
amount thereof be paid out of any funds under
the control of the War Department. Said
certificates shall be paid upou presentation to
the Secretary of War, or such disbursing
officer as he shail appoint for that purpose;
and such payments shall not exceed in. the
aggregate the sum of $3,000.
l'he bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. TERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS FOlt DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Mr. TERRY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (S. No. 471) to
amend an act entitled "An act supplementary
