3280,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
to an act to provide for furnishing artificial
limbs to disabled soldiers," approved June
30, 1870. with a substitute.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that the benefits of the act approved
June 30, 1870, entitled "An act supplementary
to an act to provide for furnishing artificial
limbs to disabled soldiers," shall be extended
to major generals, brigadier generals, colonels,
lieutenant colonels, majors, and al! officers,
soldiers, seamen, and marines disabled m the
military or naval service of the United States,
as fully as the same are provided for in the
acts approved July 10, 18G2, July 28, 1866,
and July 27, 1868, in so far as the said acts
relate to artificial limbs and to transportation
for procuring said limbs. The sccond section
provides that all acts and parts of acts incon-
sistent with this act are hereby repealed. The
third section provides that this act shall take
effect and be it) force from and after its pas-
sage.
Mr. TERRY. The bill is a literal copy of
the act of June 30, 1870, and does not accom-
plish the object desired. The committee
therefore report a substitute, covering the
ground which the original act was intended to
cover.
The substitute was read. It provides that
the acts approved June 17, 1870, and June30,
1870, for supplying atlilic'al limbs, or com-
mutation lor the same, to officers, soldiers, and
seamen, shall apply to all officers, non-com-
missioned officers, enlisted aud hired men of
the laud and naval forces ot iheUnit.ed States,
who, in the line of their duty as such, shall
have lost limbs or sustained bodily injuries,
depriving tlicm of the use of any oft heir limbs,
to be determined by the Suigcon Genetal of
the Army.
In its second section the substitute provides
that the iiaiiS|iorla.tioit allowed for having ar-
tificial limbs fitted fhall be furnished by the
Quarteniiaslrr General of the Army, the cost
of which shall be refunded from the appro-
prtaiions for invalid pensions.
In its third section it provides that the term
of five yeais, specified in the first section ot
the act. approved June 17, 1870, shall be held
to commence in each case with the filing of
the application under that- act.
The substitute was agreed to.
The hill, as amended, was ordered to be
read a third time ; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. T1SIIRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter .motion was agreed to.
COll'l' \V.\ tiijA-WA titjA.
Mr. TKRR Y also, from the same committee,
reported a hill (11. R. No. 2705) to amend
an act entitled " An act. to provide for the dis-
position of useless military reservations," ap-
proved February 24, 1871 ; which was read a
first and see md time.
The bill was rend. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary ot War to transfer to the cus-
tody aud control of the Secretary of the In-
terior, for disposition for cash, according to
the existing laws of the United States relating
to the public lands, after appraisement,, to the
highest bidder, and at not less than the
appraised value, nor at less than $1 25 per
acre, the United States military reservation at
Fort Walla-Walla, in the Territory of Wash-
ington ; provided that the Secretary of the
Interior shall, whenever in his opinion the
public interests may require it, cause the fore-
going reservation, or part or parts thereof, to
be subdivided into tracts ot' less than forty acres
each, or into town lots, with the necessary street
or streets to make the same accessible; and pro-
vided :il o that each subdivision, together with
the buildings, building materials, or other prop-
erty which may be thereon, shall be appraised
and offered separately at public outcry, to the
highest bidder, as hereinbefore provided, but
not in subdivisions of more than forty acres
each, after which any unsold land or lot shall be
subject to sale at private entry for the appraised
value at the proper land office.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOUT D. A. ItUSSULL llESKllVATION.
Mr. TERRY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with th  recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1513)
authorizing the Secretary of War to expend
certain moneys for the purpose of sinking an
artesian well on the Fort D. A. Russell military
reservation, in Wyoming Territory.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to expend the sum of $10,000, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, for the
purpose of sinking an aitesian well on the Fort
O. A. Ilussell military reservation, in the Ter-
ritory of Wyoming.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TERRY moved to reconsider the vote
bv which the bill was passed; and also moved
that, tho motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The laltcr motion was agreed to.
I'OUT UIUDGEll RESIiltVATION.
Mr. TERRY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the joint resolution (II. li.
No. 124) for the relief of certain settlers, upon
tho tnilliary reservation of Fort Bridger,
Wyoming Territory, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be laid upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
IIO.UKSTHUJS FOR SOLDIERS AND SAILORS, ETC.
Mr. Sl'OUGIirON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it pass, the bill (H. 11. No.
lliliO) to enable honorably discharged soldiers
and sailors, their widows and orphan children,
to acquire homesteads on the public lauds of
the 0nited States.
Mr. SCOUG11TON. This is the bill which
was before the House on Tuesday evening,
and which was recommitted to the committee
yesterday. I ask unanimous consent that the
reading of the bill be dispensed wiih. There
are no amendments, it is precisely as it was
reported on Tuesday evening.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan asks that the reading pf the bill be
dispensed with.
There was no objection.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I move the previous
question.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Would it
be in order to ask to have the bill reported.
Mr. SARGENT. I think if the House is
to vote upon the bill it had better be read.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the bill
has been dispensed with by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. SARGENT. When the reading was
dispensed with I had no idea that the gentle-
man was to call tho previous question, and to
shut off all discussion. I ask that by unani-
mous consent the bill be read before we vote
upon it.
The SPEAKER. It will be read if there
be no objection.
There was no objection; and the bill was
read.
Mr. ARCHER. I move that this bill be
laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion has already
been made by the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sargent.]
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 71, noes 48 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sargent and
Mr. Stoughton were appointed.
Mr. HAY. Is it in order to state what the
question is before the House?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to lay this bill upon the table.
Mr. HAY. And it is a bill in favor of
homesteads for soldiers?
Mr. SARGENT. It is a bill in favor of
land speculation.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a statement in regard to this
bill.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman called the
previous question to cut off debate, and now I
object to any debate.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 88, noes 43.
Before ihe result of the vote was announced,
Mr. COBURN and Mr. STOUGHTON
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 06, nays 112, not voting 02; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arthur, Averill,
Barber, Beck, Bell. Bigby, Bird. Jnmes G. Blair,
Braxton, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Caldwell,
Carroll, Freeman Clarke, Coghlun, Comingo, Con-
ner, Critchcr, Crossland, Dawes. Dox, Du Bose, Duke,
Ely, Fnnvcll, llsiinbleton, ll.mcock, liandley, Har-
per, Ilawley, Hoar, Houghton, Kendall, King,
Leach, McCorraick, JVIcIIcnrv, Melntyre, Mernam,
Orr, Palmer, Peters, Pnee, llead, Ritchie, Ellis H.
Robert?, Roosevelt, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Worth-
ington 0. Smith. Snapp, Thomas J. Speer, Swann,
Tatfe, Washington I ownsend. Turner, Vaughan,
Walhieo. Warren. Whiteley, Whitthorne, Winches-
ter, nnd Young—(56.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Beatty, Beveridge, Biggs,
Bingham, Austin Blair, Boles, Butlinton, Burchard,
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Cuburn,
Oongcr, Cotton, Cox, Creb*, Darrall, Davis, Donnan,
Duel!, Eames, Elliott, Farnswoith, Finkeluburg,
Henry D. Fop tor. Wilder D. Foster. Frye, Getz,
Goodrich, Gi iflith, ILildcmnn, HhIp, Harmer, George
E. Harris, llavcns, Hay, Gerry W. Hnzelton, John
W. Iinzelton, llorndon, IIibb;ird, Hill, Ketebatn,
Liimison, Lansing, Lowe, Marshall, Mnynard, Mc-
Clelland, MeCrary, McGrevv, McJunkin, McKinney,
McNeely. Mercur, Benjamin F. Meyer?, Monroe,
Morey, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Niblnclt. Packard,
Packer, Rosea \V. Parker, I?aac C. Parker, Peck,
Pendleton. Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Piatt, Prindle,
Raincy, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, William
It. Roberts,Rusk. Sawyer. Scofield, Soeley, Shanks,
Sheldon, Sherwood, Shoemaker, II. Board man Smith,
John A. Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stough-
ton, Strong, Sutherland, Sypher. Terry, Tuthill,
Tsvichell.Tyner, Upson, Voorhees,WacldeU. Walden,
Wuldron, Walls, Wheeler. Wiliard, Williams of
Indiana. Jeremiah M. Wilson, John X. Wilson, and
Wood—112.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Banks,
Barnum, Barry, Bright, Jam^s Brooks, Benjamin i!.
Butler, William T. Clark, Cobb. Creely, Crocker,
Do Large, Dickey, Dunn ell. Eldredge, For ker, Charles
Foster. Garfield, Garrett, Golladay. Halsey, Hanks,
John T. Harris, Hays. Hereford, Hoi man. lloopor,
Kelley, Kellogg. Kerr, Killinger.Kinsella, Lamport,
Lewis, Lynch, Manson, McICee, Monick, Mucbell,
Moore, Morpbis, Negley, Peree, Poland, Porter,
Potter, Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Sargent, Ses-
sions, Shellabarger, Shober, Stowcll, St. John,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Van Trump, Wake-
man, Wells, and Williams ot'New York—62.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. As the morning hour has
expired, I move that the rules be suspended
and the House now resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the special order.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ajes 85, noes 38.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the going into Committee of the
Whole,
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Appropria*
tionsj reported a bill (H. li. No. 2705) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
