490
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Financial Condition of South Carolina—Mr. Elliott.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
you continue in force the " Ku Klux act."
The loyal people of the South in the coming
contest, the bitterest and most vindictive ever
known in this country, will next fall be lefttft
themselves, as they were in 1860 and 1861,to the
mercy of their enemies, thanks to Mr. Greeley
and his friends. But the cause of loyalty and
freedom will triumph. It will cost blood and
treasure, but out of the second rebellion will
come the hero of the old army of the Tennessee
once more triumphant.
The soldiers and sailors who endured so
much and sacrificed so much in the late war
have no use for the hot and cold philosopher
of Chappaqna.
" Consistency is a jewelthe only maxim
which the swift bailor of his country's arch-
traitor has never learned. This maxim will
be taught him and all like him by the peo-
ple next November who hate treason and
hypocrisy and who love the patriot soldier
and the memory of their country's heroic
dead. "Time at last makes all things even."
" There never yet was human power
Which could evade, if unforgiven,
The patient search and rigil long,
Of him who treasures up a wrong."
Mr. Speaker, turn out the patriot soldier,
and swear in the unrepentant rebel. I have
done.
Financial Condition of South Carolina.
SPEECH OF HON. ROBERT B. ELLIOTT,
of south carolina,
Ik the House op Representatives,
May 30, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union-
Mr. ELLIOTT said:
Mr. Speaker : It is with reluctance that I
at this time rise for the purpose of obtruding
myself on the attention of the Honse.
I am reluctant because I recognize the fact
that however brief or circumscribed my re-
marks may be, they must necessarily occupy
to some extent a portion of the time of the
House which is justly demanded by the mul-
titudinous requirements of the public service.
But, sir, there is a consideration that impels
me to the performance of this task; a con-
sideration that must outweigh my own feelings,
and that must serve as my only excuse for
availing myself of the courtesy of this body.
That, sir, is the consideration of my duty as a
Representative.
T know, sir, that this single word "duty"
carries with it all that need be addressed to
right-thinking, right-feeling and conscientious
men. Theduties of a Representative can neither
be evaded, nor slighted, and all that he can hope
for is that by a strict and faithful performance of
them he may not only secure the approval and
indorsement of those whom he may represent,
but obtain that blessing which is sweeter
still, the consciousness of his own rectitude
..nil the quiet repose of his own conscience.
With this feeling at my heart, and appreciat-
ing, as I do fully, the stupendous responsibility
that rests npon me, and recognizing also my
own weakness, I desire here and now to vin-
dicate the administration of the State govern-
ment of South Carolina, to reply to the unjust
strictures against the race with which I am so
closely identified, and to submit a few facts
which, when submitted, I feel assured will at
once show up in all its glaring characters the
mendacity ot the assailants of the Republican
party of my State. I shall assert nothing that
I cannot at this moment substantiate with
the proofs. I shall speak from the records
and shall ask you to examine with me those
records.
As a member of this House I am sworn
not only to the faithful performance of my
duties toward the nation, but to take care that
my Commonwealth be not injured, and to see,
in as far as I may be able, that her puhlic offi-
cers suffer no unjust harm. With this state-
ment of my position, by way of preface, I shall
now attempt to reply to* the allegations made
a shtfrt time ago by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Voorhees,] reiterated by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] and
often repeated by other gentlemen on the
other side of the House. 1 will not pause for
an instant to challenge those gentlemen to
their proofs, for I know as well as they can
know, that reliable proofs they have not.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voor-
hees] based his argument upon a report sub-
mitted to the General Assembly of South
Carolina a few'months ago by one of its com-
mittees. This report was written, shaped,
and manipulated by B. P. Whittemore, an ex-
member of Congress. Whatever of glory may
be achieved by that report ought certainly to
go to his credit; whatever of infamy might
attach to its bold perversions of fact will
surely reach him. I will not attempt to explain
to the House who this reputable witness is,
for you all know him as well as I do, and you
all know him to be indeed an honorable man.
I will not ask you to rule out his testimony as
doubtful or unreliable, for many of you in the
Forty-First Congress (the gentleman from In-
diana included) gave your testimonial, by
your votes, as to his integrity as a man and to
his veracity as a witness, I will not ask you
at this late hour to express your views as to his
moral conduct in public life, for out of regard
for his purity as a man and his uprightness as
a Representative, the Forty-First Congress de-
clined to resubject him to the contaminating
influences of legislation from which he had
been mercifully relieved but a short time
before.
In order that the House may clearly under-
stand the statement I am now about to make
in regard to the finaucial condition of South
Carolina, I now quote the language of the
gentleman from Indiana:
"How has South Carolina been governed? The
Republican party has held undisputed sway there
every hour since the overthrow of the rebellion.
Her entire delegation in both branches of Congress
belong to the party now in power. Her State officers
and Legislatures, of all colors, bave been of the
same political faith. What are their works? What
trophies ot progress and civilization do thev bring
to propitiate the judgment of the world? Not one
good deed adorns the polluted pagesof their record.
At. the close of the wurthe valid dobt of the State
amounted to $5,000,000. A committee of investiga-
tion, in an official report made December 26,1871,
but a few weeks ago, say:
'"In regard to the State debt the eommittce
declare they cannot believe other than the fearful
truth which stares us in the face that the bonds and
stocks printed by the American Bank Note Com-
pany, $22,510,000, represent the liabilities of the
State, for which the faith and credit of the State,
however unlawfully procured, has been pledged for
payment. The contingent liability incurred by
railroad indorsements swells the total up to nearly
twenty-nine million dollars.'
" Add to this 810,000,000 more that is disputed as
fraudulent, and we have an increase of $34,000,000 in
the debt of tho State since it fell into the hands of
its present destroyers. All the lands in South Caro-
lina are not worth over fifty-live million dollars,
showing that more than every alternate aore is now
absorbed by her crushing and frightful indebtedness.
If she was sold at public auction for two thirds her
appraised value she would scarcely more than meet
the demands that have been created against her
within less than seven years. The NewYork Tribun e
of December 19,1871, announces that over six mil-
lion dollars of her bonds have been fraudulently
issued by her Republican Governor; but no mode
by which the toiling tax-payer can escape their
payment is pointed out to him. Taxation for the
support of a good government often becomes a
grievous burden, but when it springs directly and
avowedly from fraud and forgery it is a curse in-
tolerable, and not to be borne."
I do not propose to enter into a controversy
with the gentleman from Indiana in regard to
the bitter acrimony displayed by him in discuss-
ing what he has been pleased to term "the
ruin of South Carolina;" but I shall attempt to
show how groundless are the charges and how
untrue is the evidence upon which the Repub-
licans of South Carolina have been made ob-
noxious to his harsh criticism.
The report to which he has alluded, with
singular rashness in the use of figures, places
the bonded debt of South Carolina at $29,-
158,914 47. This bold and monstrous exag-
geration, with all its glaring untruthfulness
and mendacity, was still insufficient for the
gentleman's purpose, for, not content with
this statement of his own witness, he found it
necessary to add $10,000,000 more—perhaps
for the purpose of obtaining an aggregate that
should be so alarming in its magnitude as
would make us so infamous in the eyes of
the country as to deprive us of a fair and
impartial hearing.
This report places the bonded debt at
$13,391,005 49 in excess of what it can possi-
bly be even though every bond ever placed in
the hands of the financial agent and not, now
in the treasury should become a total loss to
the State. This enormous figure is reached
by classing as a part of the debt $6,000,000
of sterling loan bonds printed by authority of
law, which were never issued, but were cameled
by order of the General Assembly at its last ses-
sion, but a few weeks after the publication
of this foul calumny upon the Republican
State government of South Carolina; also,
$6,787,608 20 of railroad bonds, on which the
State appears only as an indorser, paying no
interest and liable only for any deficiency after
all the property of the roads (which have am-
ple assets) shall have -been exhausted. In
proof of the assertion that these indorsed
bonds cannot in any just or proper sense be
considered a part of the actual bonded debt
of the State, 1 call attention to the fact that
one of the railroads whose bonds have been
thus indorsed has, within the past year, pro-
vided for and liquidated its indorsed bonds
amounting to $2,093,312 40.
But the amount of indorsed bonds given by
the committee is subject to a further deduction
of $4,000,000, that being the portion indorsed
for the Blue Ridge Railroad Company, and
which has never been put upon the market,
and has, therefore, not yet formed a part of
even the contingent liability of the State. In
addition to these remote and purely contingent
liabilities, the putative father of this report
has improperly embraced the following items
which at present form no part of the actual
debt, in orderto make up an astounding aggre-
gate, namely: bonds held by the sinking fund
commission of'the State, $200,000; bondsdue
July 1, 1871, and redeemed and canceled and
now in the treasury, $212,000. There should
be further deducted the college land scrip bonds,
amounting to $200,000, now held in trust by
the financial agent, as those bonds, after having
been computed by the father of this report in
his general debt statement, were again added
as if they were an additional issue.
Making these deductions which are clearly
proper, even according to the figures given in
the report now in question, and admitting that
every bond of the State delivered to the finan-
cial agent is lost to the State or must be re-
deemed at its face value, the total bonded
debt is shown by this very report, shorn of its
stupendous exaggerations, to be $15,759,306 27;
or $8,602 71 less than is set forth in the
treasurer's exhibit as given in the last annual
message of the Governor to the Legislature
on November 28, 1871.
I have, up to this time, confined myself
strictly to a critical analysts of this report. I
have produced no figures not found within its
pages; I have made no statement not based
upon its own exhibit. I propose now, how-
ever, to produce facts based upon other evi-
dence than this report. I shall produce wit-
nesses whose credibility has never yet been
