4126
TJJB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
printed, and referred to the Committee oa
Military Affairs:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
^ I have the honor to respectfully call the atten-
tion of "Congress to an act approved July 14, 1870,
directing the Secretary of War-to place at the dis-
posal ot the President eertaiD bronze ordnance to aid
in the erection Qf an .equestrian statue of the late
General John A. Rawlins, tincl to the faqtsthat no
appropriation of money to pay for the statue is
mads by tbe resolution,?no aftist is named* or party
designated to whom the ordnance is to be delivered.
In view of the ambiguity of the statute, I would
recommend that Congress signify" what action is
desired as to the selection of the artist, and that the
necessary sum required Jfpr tbe ercction of. the mon-
ument be appropriated. A board" ot officers should
also be named to designate the location of the mon-
umoiit" tj. S. GRANT.
■ Executive Mansion, May 31,1872.
civil appropkiation bill,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
resumes, as in Committee of the Whole, the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2705)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
pensesofthe Government, for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] to
postpone,it indefinitely, upon which the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] is entitled
to the floor. "
I appeal to the Senator
Mr. SPENCEli.
to yield,—r
Mr. EDMUNDS,
order.
Mr. SPENCER.
I insist on the regular
I should like to make a
report from a committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No reports until this bill
is concluded.
Mr. SCHURZ respmed and concluded the
speech commenced by him before the recess.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. CARPENTER obtained the floor,
Mr. CONKLING. Wiil the Senator from
Wisconsin allow me to inquire what is the
pending question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] to indefinitely postpone the
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose the Senator
from Wisconsin, if he means to reply, does
not wish to proceed to-night.
Mr. CARPENTER. No, sir.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall now proceed
with the consideration of the bill. There is
plenty of time to get through with the bill
to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
before the Senate is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, that this bill be in-
definitely postponed, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered, and the Secretary
will call the roll.
hour of meeting.
Mr, ANTHONY. I ask consent to inter-
pose a motion that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it be to meet at twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks consent to enter a
motion that when the Senate adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet at twelve o'clock to-morrow
Is there objection? The Chair hears none.
The question is on the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
buell court-martial records.
M,r. WILSON. ^ I ask unanimous consent
to report back, without amendment, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, the bill (H. R,
No. 2851) to provide for the restoration ofthe
recoids ofthe proceedings of the court of in-
quiry concerning the operations of the army
under the command of General Don Carlos
Buell in Kentucky and Tenuessee.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. The preamble recites that it
appears in the matter of the investigation
made by the court of inquiry in the years
1862 and 1863, into the operations of the
army under the command of General Don
Carlos Buell, in Kentucky- and Tennessee,
that, the records of the proceedings of the
court are not to be found on the proper files
in the War, Department; and that it further
appears that there is now in the possession' of
Benn Pitmanj the phonographic reporter of
tbe court, a full ana complete report of the
proceedings of the court of inquiry. The bill
therefore directs the Secretary of War to em-
ploy at once Benn Pitman, the reporter for the
court of inquiry in the matter, to make a full and
complete transcript of the phonographic notes
taken by him during the investigation, and
to put it on file among the records of the War
Department, and to furnish a copy of the same
to Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading,
and reg,d the third time.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not wish to discuss this
matter at all; but I ask the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on ^Military Affairs,
who reported (his bill, whether he has any
information going to show what has become
of the records in the Buell court-martial case?
Mr. WILSON. That matter is now being
investigated in the House of Representatives.
I understand the reporter of the court has been
before the committee and has testified that he
has all the notes of t,he proceedings in his pos-
session, and that he can make this transcript.
This bill comes from the House, and I hope
the Senate will allow it to pass. I understand
the comm,itf,ce there are investigating tbe ques-
tion of the loss of these papers, and there will
be a report during the present session.
Mr. BLAIR. I am very .anxious .for the
passage of this bill and for the restoration of
those documents. There is a rumor that Col-
onel Badeau, formerly an aid-de-camp to Gen-
eral Grant, and his historian, has taken them
off with him to London, where he enjoys a
consulate, aud probably he may see proper to
restore them at some more distant day when
his convenience has been served.
Mr. WILSON. I apprehend it will turn
out that they have never been taken for that
purpose, and that the papers were lost before
that person had anything to do with them.
Under this bill the papers will be restored,
and I hope the Senator will not object to pass-
ing it. It comes from the committee of the
House who are now investigating the subject'.
_ Mr. BLAIR. I know the testimony is very
direct that Colonel Badeau had not only taken
these papers, but almost every other report of
any importance on file in the War Department.
But I do not wish to interpose any objection
to the passage of this bill.
The bill was passed.
tk.anskkr of pension appropriations.
Mr. COLE. I am directed by the Committee
on Appropriations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. It. No. 2937) making a transfer of
a pension appropriation from one fund to
another, to report it back without amendment,
and 1 hope it will be put on its pass&ge.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to transfer from the appropriations
for pensions for "widows and dependent rela-
tives and soldiers of the war of 1812," for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, such an
amount as may be necessary to meet any defi-
ciency that may arise in the appropriation for
invalid pensions for that year.
The bill was reported to tbe Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. WEST. If it is in order, I askpermis-
sion to make the following report from a com-
mittee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the eighth amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1541) mnking
appropriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending Juae SO, 1873, and for other purposes,
having met, after full and free conference, have been
Unable to agree.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This, is the seo-
ond conference upon the Army appropriation
bill, and npon the pending amendment the
conference committee have failed to agree,
Mr. WEST. The committee would be glad
to have an expression of opinion by the Senate
as to what course should be pursued.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask to have the
amendment read. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is an amend-
ment of the Senate making an appropriation
for the Leavenworth banacks. The Secre-
tary will report it.
The Chief Clerk. The eighth amend-
ment of the Sepate is to insert on page 5 of
the bill the following :
To enable the Secretary of "War to enlarge the
military depot at Port Leavenworth, Kansas, to
meet the necessities of tbe public Service, the sum
of $200,000 is hereby appropriated, to be expended
under the direction of t&e Secretary of War.
The VICE PiJESUDENT. It is within
tbe power of the Senate to.recede or insist oa
this amendment and ask for another oonference,
or adhere, which .latter vote of eourse would
cause the bill to fy.il unless the House should
recede.
Mr. CALDWELL. I hope the Senate will
not recede from, that amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall recede.
I thiuk we ought not to lose a bill of that
character upon such an amendment as that.
I move that the Senate recede from its
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is nowthe
only motion before the Senate. The con-
ference committee have not recommended
another conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly we ought not
to lose the Army bill on a- disagreement
between the two Houses as to some improve-
ments at Fort Leavenworth.
Mr. WEST. I will state that the reason
why the conference committee on the part of
the Senate make no suggestion to the Senate
is that they were all unanimous that the Sen-
ate should adhere, but we prefer that thesense
of the Senate be tested on the question: -
. Mr. CALDWELL. 1 hope the Senate will
not recede.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state.to the Senator that this proceeding is by
unanimous consent. The sundry civil appro-
priation bill is still peuding, and this is taken
up byunanimous consent,,although it isa con-
ference report.
Mr. CALDWELL. Is it not in or4erforme
to make some remarks upon it'!
. The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, unless
some Senator demands the regular order.
Mr. CALDWELL. Mr. President, I hope
the Senate will not recede, and as I have tres-
passed so little upon the time of the Senate,
1 hope I may be indulged in making a brief
statement, as this is a matter in which I feel
considerable interest.
Ihe amendment referred to appropriates
$200,000 to enlarge the military depot at Port
Leavenworth, Kansas. The proposition has
been recommended by the officers of the Army
who have been in command of the department
of the Missouri for the past four or five years,
including such officers as Generals Sheridan,
Schofield, and Pope, and it comes now to the
Senate officially indorsed by General Sherman
and by the Secretary of War. It has been unatii-
mously indorsed by the Senate Committee on
Military Affairs, and also by the Committee on
Appropriations, has passed the Senate but
failed in the House, and the Senate is nov?
asked to recede.
