1438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
that this is an ordinary private claim, against
the Government.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say to
the gentleman that the Auditor of the Post
Office Department has sent to the Committee
on Appropriations an account stated in full,
with bis certificate that the settlement of this
account in the Department has been regular,
but that there is no fund to pay it. The work
was done, and the account was a long time in
being adjusted. When adjusted there was no
fund from which to pay it.
. Mr. HOLMAN. That is the case with all
this class of claims.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say to
the gentleman that this is not a claim ; it is
simply a current account.
Mr. HOLMAN. When did it accrue?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In 1866. The
work had been ended on the 30th of June in
that year. The account was not settled until
during the past fiscal year.
Mr. HOLMAN. Here is a claim which
accrued against the Government six years
.ago. There are many claims of the same
kind.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to the
gentleman calling this a " claim it is not a
" claim." A claim is a matter for the pay-
ment of which there is no law.
Mr. HOLJIAN. There is no law for the
payment of this. If it is not a claim why was
it not paid at the time the service was ren-
dered, six years ago? This belongs to a class
of irregular demands upon the Post Office De-
partment, which are coming upon us almost
daily.
Mr. NIBLACK. My colleague [Mr. Hol-
man] will allow me to state that this is an
account which has been audited in the ordinary
course of business, and it was not paid simply
because the balance formerly applicable to the
payment of this class of cases was, under a
law passed a year or two ago, covered into
the Treasury. The amendment now offered
provides simply for the deficiency created by
covering into the Treasury the money which
would otherwise have been applied to the pay-
ment of this account in the ordinary transac-
tion of the routine business of the Depart-
ment. In the opinion of the Committee on
Appropriations this is not a claim, but simply
a deficiency.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will explain how this
account has remained unadjusted for six years
if it is a regular claim against the Post Office
Department. There have been ample deficien-
cies appropriated for the use of that Depart-
ment during these six years.
Mr. GARFIELD, ot Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me, 1 will read from a letter of
the Postmaster General.
The CHAIRMAN. As the Chair under-
stands, the point of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kolman] is waived.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Postmas-
ter General in a letter respecting this matter
says:
" It is understood that the reason this contractor
was not paid in fall at the timn of the rendition of
the services was his omission to return in proper
ieason his acknowledgement of moneys collected
of postmasters; and the obstacle now to the payment
by the Auditor of the balance is the legislation by
Congress as contained in the fifth, sixth, and seventh
sections of the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation act, approved July 1-. 1870."
It will thus be seen that the provision of law
adopted at the instance of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has rendered
necessary special provision for cases of this
kind.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by in-
serting the following provision:
J?or deficiency in the expenses of the secretary's
officc of the Territory of Arizona, rent of office, fuel,
lights, printing, postage, storage of furniture, &e.,
$3,000.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I move further to amend
by inserting the following:
For deficiency in the expenses of the secretary's
office of the Territory of Wyoming, fuel, lights,
stationery, postage, &c., $1,200.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not make a point of
order on this amendment, though I think such
a point would be sustained; but I must remark
that there seems to be no branch of the Gov-
ernment in which there are not deficiencies.
It seems impossible to find any department in
which the ordinary appropriations have any
influence at all on the expenditures.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, this item
is regularly estimated for on page 3 of the
official estimates. If this can rightly be con-
sidered a deficiency, it is so small as hardly
to be worthy of remark. This occurred in
several other Territories in this way. In the
Territory of Arizona, for instance, there has
been an unexpended balance of appropria-
tion covered into the Treasury of some forty
thousand dollars. A couple of years ago we
changed the system of the meeting of the
territorial Legislatures from annual to bien-
nial, in order to reduce expenses. Under
this system there is still an appropriation of
about twenty thousand dollars each year when
the Legislature meets. Out of this sum of
$20,000 these expenses are paid in the year
when the Legislature meets. When there is
no session of the Legislature and no appro-
priation these expenses still run on. The
attention of the committee has been called to
four or five Territories which do not hold
sessions this year of their Legislatures, and it
is therefore necessary to make provision for
the payment of these expenses. Arizona is
one, and Wyoming is another, and a provision
in reference to another Territory was inserted
in an earlier part of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The key-note of all our mis-
fortunes in reference to these deficiency bills
is in our being told that we ought not to take
notice of these small items. In my judgment,
every one of these small items ought to be
taken into account, and we ought to see to it
that they are at once stopped. When we find
items of this character in the deficiency bill,
showing on the part of the public officers a
defiance of the law, wo should call attention
to them at once. All these items we have seen
in the deficiency bills year after year swell up
into millions of dollars. I have seen the time
in this House, and I have not been a member
of it for as many years as other gentlemen
who occupy seats on this floor, when a far less
appropriation of money than this which is now
asked would be deemed worthy of a debate
running through most of the day. Gentle-
men know that time has gone, and we will
never have a proper adhereuce on the part of
the officers of the Government to the appro-
priations made by Congress until these smaller
items are regarded, and we refuse to appro-
priate money which has been expended in
defiance of the law.
Mr. SARGENT. The deficiency bill of
this session is less than for any previous
session of Congress. It is far less than the
deficiency bill for the last four or five years.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why should there be any
deficiency bill?
Mr. SARGENT. Because it is impossible
to calculate all contingencies in expending some
three hundred million dollars. It is impos-
sible to come nearer than within one or two
million dollars.
There is one part of the gentleman's re-
marks, so far as they apply to this item, to
which I will make one word of reply. I think
the gentleman from Indiana might with pleas-
ure participate in a debate over an item of a
few hundred dollars extending through the
whole day. It seems to me, however, when
the matter is as plain as it is here, the time
of the House could be devoted to a much
better purpose. It occurs to me that there is
as much misplaced jealousy in reference to
these appropriations as honest indignation
where it is deemed they are too much in
amount.
The pending amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For defraying the expenses of the courts of the
United States, including the District of Columbia,
for_ jurors and witnesses, and expenses ot suits in
which the United States are concerned, of prosecu-
tions for offenses committed against theUnited States,
for the safe-keeping of prisoners, and for the ex-
penses which may be incurred in the enforcementof
the act of February 28, 1871, for the four months
ending Juno SO, 1872, $1,000,000.
Mr. DUKE. I move to strike out the last
four lines of that paragraph. I should like to
inquire, before saying anything on the motion
to strike out, whether the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations can tell the
House what amount of this appropriation of
$1,000,000 will be required to carry out this
provision ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot answer
the gentleman until I know how badly the class
of people referred to are going to behave. If
they are going to be obedient to law it would
not cost anything; if not it will cost a good
deal. It depends on the behavior of the friends
of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. DUKE. I have not troubled this House
much since I have been here, and I wish to take
this occasion to say something in reference to
this provision.
Mr. Chairman, I must say a few words m
opposition to this section. Not to do so would
be unjust to those of my constituents who have
been greatly wronged under color of this law
of February 28, 1871. This act is entitled
"An act to amend an act approved May 31,
1870, entitled 'An act to enforce the rights of
citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of this Union, and for other
purposes."' If its title had been "An act to
prevent the free citizens of America from exer-
cising their rights at the ballot-box, to intimid-
ate and deter them from voting, to teach
them that the elective franchise was only to be
exercised with a due sense of the dangers of
having tested on their own persons Gatlin-
gun practice and the bayonet exercise," it
would have been much more appropriate than
the present title. Is it not a tact notorious
that in all the southern States this act is con-
stantly brought to bear by the hired minions
of power to deter citizens from the free exer-
cise of the ballot? Do you call for proof, sir?
It can be furnished at any time. Take my
own State as an example. Look at her; she
was the great battle-ground; her fields were
laid waste, her houses burned, many of her
people homeless and houseless wanderers,
scarcely a foot of her soil but was trod by
armed soldiery, every bay and inlet along her
coasts echoed the hoarse roar of artillery, with
the gentle murmurs of every mountain stream-
let were mingled the distantshouts of contend-
ing armies, yet no sooner had General Lee
surrendered than that remnant of her gallant
sons who had followed their beloved leader
upon a hundred battle-fields, repaired to their
homes, and though desolation and destruction
met their gaze on every side, they prepared to
pursue the arts of peace with the same manly
fortitude which they had displayed in war.
From that hour to this no hostile gun has been
fired within her borders; noarm has been raised
against the "supremacy of the law." Even
those who have clamored theloudest and fiercest
against'' southern outrages'' have been shatned
into siience at the mentionof the name ot Vir-
ginia. Every citizen, whatever his condition,
has been fully protected in all of his rights by
her own laws. Your KuKlux committee did not
even deem it necessary to stop within her lim-
its, It is true that one of that committee on
his return home stated in a public speech, a
copy of which I had the honor to receive under
his own frank, that the fires of the Iiu Klux
were smoldering in Virginia ready at any
moment to burst forth. What was his rea-
