2384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
ate guilty of a misdemeanor and will be driven
out by force and violence 1
Sir, this proposition is going back upon all
the history of the past. It would seem as
though the Senator from Maine had suddenly
become very jealous of the growth and exten-
sion of civilization in the West. For nearly
a hundred years we have gone on without any
provision of this kind. We have rather con-
sidered the wild lands of the West as a desir-
able heritage for our people of the Bast to
enter upon and open settlements there, ex-
tend civilization, and erect school-houses and
churches. But now, sir, all the past history
of the country is to be forgotten, and it is to
become a penal offense, in the judgment of the
Senator from Maine, for the hardy and adven-
turous pioneer settler to enter upon this land.
I hope the Senate will tliiuk well on this sub-
ject, and at least refer it to the Committee on
Indian Affairs before they act upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If my honor-
able friend had reflected a moment, he would
have seen that the ten thousand trespassers he
is so anxious to protect will not be affected by
this bill. I have heard these pleas so often
that I hope the time will come when the Senate
of the United States wiil not be considered the
proper place for a Senator to rise in his seat
and say that it is the duty of the Government
of the United States to protect men that reck-
lessly and lawlessly violate their treaty stipu-
lations and trespass upon the rights of a
defenseless and perishing race of men.
The proposition is prospective, and of course
has nothing to do with whoever may be upon
the territories at the present time. The penal
effects of this statute would not be visited upon
them ; but it is a notice to all parties hereafter
that they gain no rights at all by going upon
Indian reservations that are set apart by our
treaty stipulations.
As to any zeal whichj have on this subject,
I do not profess to be very zealous about it;
but knowing a little something in regard to it,
I think it is perfectly becoming in a Senator
when occasion offers to advert to the fact which
is known to the Senate, and this is to remedy
an evil, a crying evil, an evil that afflicts us
more than almost anything else, an evil that
involves us in constant wars and is fruitful of
wars almost more than anything else.
My honorable friend thinks this proposition
ought to have been submitted to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs. If he had observed
the vote that was taken on the motion to lay
on the table he would have noticed that every
man, I believe, of that committee voted
against that motion, and they are not ignorant
of the provisions of the amendment. It was
submitted to them. They seemed to under-
stand it so well that they approved its pro-
visions and they voted in a body for it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why have they not reported
it? On a matter of so much importance we
should have had a report from that commit-
tee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is so patent
on the face of it that I think a right-minded
man who has not some particular interest in
the matter need not go astray unless he chooses
to do so. When a proposition so simple as
that no white man shall be allowed to go upon
lands which are set aside by the Govern-
ment of the United States for the Indians and
commit trespass upon them without incurring
a penalty is presented—if a man can see two
sides to that proposition, I am inclined to
think there is a moral squint somewhere.
Mr. HILL. Are not the words '' knowingly
and willfully" in the amendment also ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir;
1' knowingly and willfully.''
So much, and only so much, Mr. President,
as an apology, if it is necessary, for my partici-
pation in this matter.
I propose to modify the amendment in re-
gard to the first point to which my attention
was called by the Senator from Ohio by
striking outthe words 11 by treaty stipulation
so as to read:
That if any person other than an Indian or person
incorporated into an Indian tribe shall knowingly
and willfully squat and settle upon—
Then I propose to strike out the words
"lands holden by any Indian or" and hi-
sert "any special or permanent reservation
holden by," &c.
Mr. COLE. I suggest to the Senator also
to strike outthe words " squat or."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Why?
Mr. COLE. I do not think the word
"squat" should be incorporated as a term
applicable to the settler on the public lands in
the laws of the United States. I do not know
but that we have done so ; but if we have, the
sooner we get rid of it the better.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a mat-
ter of taste, and I put it in because it has a
special significance. It is a good Saxon
word. It applies expressly to the class of men
who do these things with their eyes open.
Mr. COLE. The word " settle " will answer
every purpose, I apprehend.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am much
obliged to my honorable friend for his sugges-
tion, but I guess the word "squat" is a good
word. I believe those modifications cover
all the propositions to which the honorable
Senator from Ohio objected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine has modified his amendment
as stated by him.
Mr. WINDOM. Let itbe read asmodified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That if any person other than an Indian or'person
incorporated into an Indian tribe shall knowingly
and willfully squat or settle upon any special or
permanent reservation holden by any Indian tribe
by treaties or other title from the United States, or
attempt to occupy or hold any portion of said lands,
or to reside within the limits of said lands or ter-
ritory without authority or license from the Uni-
ted States, he shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, &c.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection to adopting the suggestion of my hon-
orable friend from California. I suppose the
word " settle" is equivalent to "squat," and
perhaps will answer as well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
words "squat or" will be stricken out. The
question is on the amendment as modified.
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Maine if be is desir-
ous by this proposition of aiding and assisting
the authorities in keeping the Indians upon
their own reservations? If so, I ask him
whether it would not be well to make the pen-
alties apply as well to Indians of other tribes
as to the white people?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no
objection to that.
Mr. NYE. I move that amendment. In
the next place, we ought to look at these things
precisely as we have placed ourselves now by
former laws. There are at least three railroads
right up against this Indian territory to which
the Indians have given the right to go on and
construct for three hundred miles. Several
persons will have to squat there 
Mr. RAMSEY. "Squat" is stricken out now.
Mr. NYE. Well, will have to settle on the
line of the road for two or three years during
its construction certainly. I wish to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Maine-whether
they would be liable to the penitentiary for
going on there under a law ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly not.
There are two roads authorized by the Govern-
ment of the United States 
Mr. NYE. Then I submit to the honorable
Senator it would be well to have some provision
iu the amendment to guard and protect them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is not neces-
sary at all. They are there by authority. Any
persons who go there to build that railroad
are there by authority of the Government of
the United States and are not squatters or
settlers.
Mr. NYE. There are quite important ques-
tions in regard to that. Now I want to know
what the honorable Senator means technically
by the word "title" in the amendment. What
title must they have?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have recited
it, by treaty stipulation.
Mr. NYE. That is what I supposed. Now,
sir, it is a very grave question, one which the
Supreme Court have lately been deciding, as
far as the ease permitted, whether these In-
dians have, in the meaning of the law, any
title to these reservations at all by existing
treaties. I submit before we pass upon such
a provision as this the Senate should have an
opportunity to examine the treaty provisions.
I have examined them considerably myself,
with others far abler than myself, and we
we have not been able to ascertain precisely
what their rights are as yet. We propose to
submit a bill in a very few days, perhaps to-
morrow morning, in regard to this very ques-
tion.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of my friend who offers this amendment
(for I sympathize with his motive) to the ex-
isting state of the law, and ask him to point
out, if he can, any necessity for his amend-
ment, or any necessity for inflicting other pen-
alties than the law now inflicts. Let us see
what the law now is, and it is general, appli-
cable to every case. The existing law now
provides that—
" If any person other than an Indian shall, within
the limits of any tribe with whom the United States
shall have existing treaties, hunt, or trap, or take
and destroy any peltries or game, except for subsist-
ence, in the Indian country, such person shall for-
feit the sum of $500, and forfeit all the traps, guns
and ammunition in his possession, used or procured
to be used for that purpose, and peltries so taken."
The next section provides:
" If any person shall drive or otherwise convey
any stock of horses, mules, or cattle, to range and
feed on any land belonging to any Indian or Indian
tribe, without the consent of such tribe, such person
shall forfeit the sum of one dollar for each animal
of such stock."
The next section provides:
"The Superintendent of Indian Affairs, and In-
dian agents and sub-agents, shall have authority to
remove from the Indian country all persons found
therein contrary to law; and the President of the
United States is authorized to direct the military
force to be employed in such removal."
Then comes a section almost the same as
that offered by my friend:
"If any person shall make a settlement on any
lands belonging, secured, or granted by treaty with
the United States to any Indian tribe, or shall sur-
vey or shall attempt to survey such lands, or des-
ignate any of the boundaries by marking trees, or
otherwise, such offender shall forfeit and pay the sum
of $1,000. And it shall, moreover, be lawful for the
President of the United States to take such meas-
ures, and to employ such military force, as ho may
judge necessary to remove from the lands as afore-
said any such person as aforesaid."
Then it is provided that—
" No purchase, grant, lease, or other conveyance
of lands, or of any title or claim thereto, from any
Indian nation or tribe of Indians, shall be of any
validity in law or equity, untess the same be made
by treaty or convention entered into pursuant to
the Constitution. And if any person, not employed
under the authority of the united States, shall
attempt to negotiate such treaty or convention,
directly or indirectly to treat with any such nation
or tribe of Indians; for the title or purchase of any
lands by them hel'd or claimed, such person shall
forfeit and pay SI,000: Provided, nevertheless, That
it shall be lawful for the agent or agents of any
State, who may be present at any treaty held with
the Indians under the authority of the United
States, in the presence and with the approbation of
the commissioner or commissioners ot the United
States appointed to hold the same, to propose to,
and adjust with the Indians, the compensation to be
made for their claim to lands within such State,
which shall be extinguished by treaty."
Then the next section provides :
"If any citizen or other person residing within
theUnited States orthe territory theroof,-shall send
any talk, speech, message, or letter to any Indian
nation, tribe, chief, or individual, with an intent to
produce a contravention or infraction of any treaty
or other Jaw of the United States, or to disturb the
peace and tranquillity of theUnited States, he shall
forfeit and pay the sum of $2,000."
The Senate will see from this how broad are
the provisions of the law. Here is an express
