542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
expenditures of the President of the United
States now, for which this bill appropriates
$4,500, and the small sum of $350 which was
in the same bill ten years ago for the then
President of the United States; and if the
gentleman is not satisfied with that enumera-
tion, I will give him another instance.
The whole expense of collecting the rev-
enue derived from foreign imports of the Uni-
ted States ten years ago, and under a Demo-
cratic Administration, were but $3,000,000 a
year; they are now $9,000,000 a year. And
when that gentleman and his friends attempt
to answer me by referring to the percentage
of the expense of collection, to show that ap-
parently we are making this collection upon
an economical basis, 1 say to him that the
amount of revenue now collected from that
source is in excess undoubtedly over what it
formerly was, inconsequence of the protective
policy of the Republican party, which has so
largely increased the duties upon the goods
imported into the United States. But ten
years ago, and before that time, we not only
made that collection at an aggregate expend-
iture for the whole United States of $3,000,000,
but we had no such condition of things as is
now exhibited in the port of New York, under
the present customs regulations of the party
now in power. We had no such outrageous
expositions of fraud, of robbery, of wrong-
doing, of plunder, as are exhibited continually
to us in the investigations which are now going
on there. When a French steamer has arrived
at the wharf in the port of New York 1 have
known a custom-house officer to take the keys
of the trunks of ladies under the pretense of
examining their baggage, and under that plea
he has absolutely stolen their jewelry.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. WOOD. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG. What became of the col-
lector of the port of New York during the last
days of Buchanan's administration?
Mr. WOOD. What became of him?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir; or the post-
master?
Mr. WOOD. Nothing, that I know of, that
was wrong.
Mr. KELLOGG. Neither of them?
Mr. WOOD. No, sir ; neither of them. Mr.
Augustus Schell was the collector of the port of
New York under Mr. Buchanan ; and a more
upright, honorable, high-toned citizen does not
live in the United States. I defy the gentle-
roan to say one word iu impeachment of Mr.
Schell's official or private character. Herman
J. Redfield, another esteemed citizen of New
York, was another collector of that port.
Under those administrations we had no such
wrong-doing, no such exposures, no such scan-
dalous investigations as we are now having.
Why, sir. I could detain the House for two
days in individualizing instances which show,
in comparison with a few years ago, an enorm-
ous increase in the expenditures of every
department of the Government. My quota-
tion from the civil seivice report did not
refer to the legitimate cost of collecting the
revenue; it stated the fact that one fourth
of the money collected was stolen, that it
never reached the public Treasury, that it
was taken from the pockets of the people,
and did not go into the Treasury, but lodged in
the pockets of the officials of the present
Administration. That is my reply to the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale;] and if I had
time I could go back further into an exposi-
tion of this question.
Thanking the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Niblack] for giving me so much of his time
I yield the floor to him.
Mr. KELLOGG. I would like to ask the
gentleman a single question before he takes
his seat. Can the gentleman give me the
amount of revenue collected in 1860?
Mr. WOOD. I will answer the gentleman's
question by saying that it was very far less
than it is now; and I have stated why it has
been increased. It is in consequence of the
legislation of Congress increasing largely the
duties upon foreign goods.
Mr. KELLOGG. Was it not less than one
hundred millions?
Mr. WOOD. Yes, sir ; I believe it was.
Mr. KELLOGG. The customs collected
in 1860 were only $53,187,511 87, which the
gentleman from New York admits it cost
$3,000,000, or about six per cent., to collect.
On the other hand, the revenues for last year,
according to the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, amounted to $206,270,408 05, the
collection of which cost, not as the gentleman
states, $9,000,000, but only $6,560,672 61, or
about three and one tenth per cent.
Mr. WOOD. It ought to cost no more to
collect a revenue of $300,000,000 than to col-
lect a revenue of $100,000,000. The official
machinery and the various necessary expend-
itures are the same.
Mr. KELLOGG. Certainly, it requires more
officers to collect the larger revenue.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Niblack] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NIBLACK. How much time have I
remaining?
The CHAIRMAN. Three minutes.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not consider it neces-
sary, then, to undertake to make any remarks,
as the time is so brief.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
general debate is now closed, and the bill will
be read by paragraphs for amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of State:
For compensation of the Secretary of State, $8,000;
two AssistantSccretaricsof State, at S3,500 each; for
chief clerk, $2,200: ten clerks of class four, additional
to one clerk of class four as disbursing clerk, nine
clerks of class three, three clerks of class two, eight
clerks of class one, one messenger, one assistant
messenger, nine laborers, and four watchmen; in
all, $74,520.
Mr. MONROE. I move to amend the para-
graph just read so as to increase the compen-
sation of the chief clerk of the Department of
State from $2,200 to $2,500; in other words,
to add $300 per annum to his compensation.
With the permission of the committee I will
state briefly why I propose this amendment.
I happen to know that this officer is one of the
hardest-worked men in the city of Washington.
Now, I observe, sir, that the chief clerk of the
War Department has, very properly I doubt
not, a compensation of $2,500 per annum. I
see also that the chief clerk of the Treasury
Department has a compensation of $2,100 per
annum, and an additional allowance of $300.
The same thing is true of the chief clerk of the
Navy Department. I presume it must have
been by a mere accident—indeed, I was told
by gentlemen who had been connected with
this matter that it was by mere accident—that
the chief clerk of the Department of State has
received only $2,200 as his annual salary.
Upon a bill of this kind it would give me the
greatest pleasure to accept, in regard to most
matters, the judgment of gentlemen who have
studied these subjects. But this is a matter
which [ happen to know something about. I
was for six or seven years in constant com-
munication with the Department of State;
and in that way I happened to learn something
in regard to the arduous labors of the chief
clerk of that Department. I do not know of
any man who works so hard for the money he
gets as that man does. I happen to know that
he not only gives to the Department and the
country intelligent, honest, and faithful ser-
vice during all the usual business hours which
Christian men generally work, but I know he
often is obliged to carry his clerical labors into
the evening and far into the night. Indeed, I
have information that he sits up sometimes all
night. He sat up during the time of the high
joint commission. He sat up to complete
thjeJabovs which the Department had put upon
him. In these days when joint high commis-
sions and special embassies are becoming so
common ] do not think the labors of that
official are likely to be diminished.
I know it to be a simple matter of justice
that he should be paid as much as the chief
clerk of the War Department, the chief clerk
of the Treasury Department, or the chief clerk
of the Navy Department. He works, in my
opinion, twice as many hours as it has been
decided on certain occasions recently a labor-
ing man ought to work. There is certainly no
propriety in paying him less than these other
gentlemen are paid. It is a mere oversight
that he has been paid less. My information
is that he has to work more hours and harder
than any other chief clerk. My proposition
isto strike out "$2,200," and insert "$2,500,"
so that he may have the same pay as the
chief clerks of the War, Treasury, and Navy
Departments.
Sir. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no doubt,
Mr. Chairman, that all my colleague says is
true in regard to the merits of this clerk, but
the Committee on Appropriations, so far as
their services in this matter are concerned,
felt it to be their duty to follow the law. We
have not, except in one instance, anywhere
raised the salaries of these officials, and that
one instance, according to the testimony before
us, showed a case of real hardship which
demanded relief. No communication came
to us from the Secretary of State on this sub-
ject. Nothing has been laid before the House
in reference to this officer's salary. If we
begin to raise salaries we will find the prece-
dent a troublesome one. I leave the matter,
however, to the decision of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "four" and insert-
ing ''five," in order to say a few words on this
subject. The proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Monroe] is to give the chief
clerk of the State Department an addition of
$300 to his salary, so as to make it equal to
the salary now paid to the chief clerks of other
Departments.
The inequality between the salaries paid to
these officers must strike every one at once,
but the fact is that there is no possible chance '
of establishing equality in our public service
by proposing amendments in each separate
case. If it could be done, I should certainly
support the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio. I have seen the attempt made for many
years to correct them in this way, but without
success. These inequalities have been pointed
out again and again, and they still remain.
We have now a special committee on the re-
organization of the civil service, and the chair-
man of that committee, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] I am glad to see,
is listening to this debate. If the labors of
that committee result in equalizing salaries so
that men of reasonable capabilities occupy-
ing similar positions shall be equally paid,
one of the evils of our Government wiil have
been removed. This gross inequality has been
allowed too long to exist, and I now call the
attention of tho chairman of the special Com-
mittee on the Civil Service to it, and ask him
and his committee to devise a proper remedy.
It will be, certainly, one of the steps toward
civil service reform.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I oppose
the amendment of the gentleman irorn Ten-
nessee, and f do so for the purpose of saying
that the Committee on the Civil Service were
charged to investigate and report on the sala-
ries ot clerks of the committees of the House,
and what committees should have clerks. The
committee have not been idle in the mean
time. It was difficult to find out what labors
devolve upon each committee, and how much
fell to the share of the clerks. However, with
the aid of the Clerk of the House and the
Journals, and by a conference of the gentle-
men serving on the committee, we have
learned a good deal, and 1 think will be able
to report a satisfactory bill.
