1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
I wish to say to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Maynard,] and the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Gar-
field,] that they will protect the Treasury,
and prevent the shameful disparity which marks
the pay of these clerks, if they will watch, to-
ward the close of the session, resolutions intro-
duced to authorize clerks to be employed for
the Congress, and vote them down when they
come into the House. The committee has
ascertained, after the clerks have performed all
their duties, and are about to enjoy the vaca-
tion, resolutions are introduced which give
them six dollars per day during the vacation
to enable them to travel in foreign lands; so
that four of the clerks who had comparatively
little to do were receiving between four and
five thousand dollars a year, while the clerk
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and the
clerk to the Committee on Appropriations,
who do more work than any other four clerks,
are limited by law to between twenty-four and
twenty-five hundred dollars a year. It is in
the House the great injustice is done, in slip-
ping through those resolutions giving a gra-
tuity of two or three thousand dollars to a clerk
whose whole office has been little else than a
sinecure.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I renew it. I
have found in many parts of this bill great
inequality in the salaries paid to officers for the
same kind of duty. That is to be regretted;
it is manifest injustice ; and there are a great
many such cases all through the civil service.
But I submit to the committee, and to my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Monroe,] that if we
mpan to reform we must regauge and rescale
all the salaries of this bill; but this is not the
time nor the place to do it. I shall join with
my friend most heartily in a bill which will
readjust and reform the salaries of the civil
service; but if we begin to do it here it will be
a patchwork throughout. I hope, therefore,
the committee will not make the amendment
which my friend has moved.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Monroe.]
Mr. MONROE. I desire to say a word
before that question is taken. I believe there
is an amendment pending, renewed by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] 011
which I may speak. If it has been with-
drawn, I renew it.
Mr. Chairman, I will frankly confess to you
that the opinions which have been expressed
by my distinguished colleague from Ohio, and
by the distinguished gentlemen from Tennessee
and Pennsylvania, make me feel very diffident
in regard to my opinion upon this subject.
Yet, sir, as the opinion which I have expressed
upon it was not expressed without considerable
reflection, and without having formed an opin-
ion that this discrepancy upon the face of an
appropriation bill was very gross and very
glaring, I hope that T shall be excused if^ I
adhere to the opinion which I expressed in
regard to this matter.
My colleague [Mr. Garfield] made the
remark that no increase of salary of this kind
had been recommended to the Appropriation
Committee from the Department of State.
Well, sir, that is not difficult to explain.
My distinguished colleague might have added
that the Secretary of State has always been
exceedingly modest as to making any sugges-
tions as to increase of salaries in his Depart-
ment. The Secretary of State is a gentleman
of great dignity, of great delicacy of sentiment,
and of a high sense of honor; and I venture
to say that if nothing were ever done in the
•way of increasing salaries in that Department
until the Secretary of State should ask for it,
we should have to wait for it a. great while. It
was only by accident I happened to find out
the necessity for this amendment. The gen-
tleman on whose behalf I make this motion
has really suffered greatly for want of this
slight difference between his own pay and that
of the clerks corresponding to him in other
Departments.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether he is aware how
long this chief clerk has held his office?
Mr. MONROE. I do not know. He has
held it for a term of years.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has he had any increase
of salary during the time he has held the office?
Mr. MONROE. I am not aware. I may
state, however, that long before he held the
office of chief clerk of the Department he had
been a laborious and faithful officer as chief
clerk of the consular bureau. The fact that
the Secretary of State has not called for this
increase has not much weight; for the gen-
tleman himself, on whose behalf I have offered
this amendment, told a friend of mine that he
did not wish him to speak of the matter, so
delicate was he of mentioning his own difficul-
ties in connection with it. My distinguished
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] have suggested that we should defer this
question until the Committee on Civil Service
Reform make their report.
Mr. KELLEY. I beg leave to say that I
made no such suggestion.
Mr. MONROE. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. COX. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
65, noes 60.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly the
bill (H. R. No. 1060,) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed House bill
No. 1062, admitting certain machinery im-
ported from foreign countries free of duty,
with amendments, in which he was requested
to ask the concurrence of the House.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. POSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the com-
mittee had examined and found truly enrolled
a bill (H. R. No. 1051) to change the times for
holding circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States for the western district of Virginia;
when the Speaker signed the same.
payment of national debt.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask unanimous consent to
present the petition of Duff Green in relation
to the payment of the national debt, for the
purpose of having it referred to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency and printed.
Mr. DAWES. I object, because the peti-
tion can just as well be presented under the
rule at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask, then, thatitbereferred
and not printed.
Mr. DAWES. That can be done at the
Clerk's desk.
copyright bill.
Mi. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was referred,
under the law, to the Committee on Printing :
Resolved, That five hundred extra copies of the
copyright bill introduced by Mr. Cox be printed
for the use of members of the House.
mail steamship service.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1187) to authorize the establishment of ocean
mail steamship service between the United
States and Mexico; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
duties on machinery.
Mr. DAWES. The bill (H. R. No. 1062) to
admit certain machinery imported from foreign
countries free of duty has been returned from
the Seriate with amendments. I move that the
amendments of the Senate be non-concurred
in without reading ; and I will say that since
the bill has been passed it has become unne-
cessary that one section of it should become
a law, and therefore I propose to arrange the
matter by a committee of conference. I move
also that a committee of conference be ap-
pointed on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
Mr. Dawes's motion was agreed to.
withdrawal op papers.
On motion of Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Mrs. Jane Nave, of the Cherokee
nation.
improvement of tennessee river.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, in answer to a resolution of the House
of January 11, 1872, in relation to the exam-
ination, surveys, and estimates for the im-
provement of the Tennessee river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
report of the commissioner of patents.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Com-
missioner of Patents, transmitting his report
for the year ending December 31, 1871; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents, and
ordered to be printed.
improvement of the patapsco river,
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the improvement
of the Patapsco river below the city of Balti-
more; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
seneca indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting estimate of
appropriation to pay the interest due to the
Seneca Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
collector of customs at odnalaska.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the Ho"use a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in relation to a suitable
allowance for the late acting deputy collector
of customs at the port of Ounalaska, Alaska;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
removal of chippewa indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to the removal
of the Chippewa Indians to the reservation pro-
vided for them near White Earth lake; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
charges against j. a. viall.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in answer to the resolution
of the House of April 15, 1871. in relation to
the affidavits filed in his Department in answer
to thecharges of M. M. MeCauley against J. A.
Viall, superintendent of Indian affairs of Mon-
