1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3231
Government for the fiscal year ending.Tune
80, 187S, and for other purposes, together
with a special report in reference to the signal
service ami telegraph company.
The bill was read a first and second time,
and, wiih me report, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole, and
made the. special order for Tuesday next after
the morning hour, and from day to day until
disposed of.
Mr. SARGENT. I reserve the point of
order on the Metropolitan police appropri-
ation.
Mr. DICKEY. I reserve all points of order
upon the bill.
Mr. PERCE. And I reserve Friday for the
consideration of private bills.
Mr. BINGHAM. Was not Tuesday next
after the morning hour assigned for reports
from the Committee on the Judiciary ?
The SPEAKER. It was ; but this will not
conflict with that order.
limitation of debate os salt
Mr. COX. I ask u nanimous consent to
enlarge the time for debate in Committee of
the Whole on the subject of sale. I under-
stand from the chairman of the committee that
be has had requests for one hour and a half of
debate. I think that by assenting to this prop-
osition we shall really save time.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object. We
wasted an hour or two yesterday in discussing
the duty on tea and coffee, and we are wast-
ing time every day. We have gone over only
six lines of the bill in a whole day. The
people demand action.
BRIDGES ACROSS MISSOULlf RIVER.
On motion of Mr. TAFFE, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 631) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river, at Brooinviile, Nebraska, was taken
from the Speakei's table, iead a fiist and sec
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce*.
On motion of Mr. TAFFE, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 828) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river opposite to or within the corporate
limits of Nebraska City was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
SAMUEL X). HAYbLIP.
Mr. McGREW, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2707) for the relief
of Samuel D. Hayslip, of Wyandotte, West
Virginia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
taiufj' and tax bill.
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the stale of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R No. 2322) to
reduce duiies on imports, and to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and for other purposes.
_Tne CHAIRMAN. The pending paragraph
will be read by the CI erk :
The Cle rk read as follows :
On salt in bulk, eight cents per one hundred
Pounds.
On salt in bags, sacks, barrels, or other packages,
twelve cents per one hundred pounds.
^ The CHAIRMAN. Upon these two clauses
debate is limited to thirty minutes.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, I offer the
following amendment to the two paragraphs
in relation to salt :
Amend line thirteen so as to read as follows:
Un rock salt and salt in bulk, twelve cents per one
nurtured pounds.
Amend line tourteen so as to read as follows:
vn salt m bags., sacks, barrels, or other packages,
eighteen cents per one hundred pounds.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment which I now
offer is believed to be a lair compromise be-
tween those who are in favor of reducing the
duty on salt and those who desire to secure
proper protection to this branch of labor. The
first proposition reduces the duty from eighteen
cents, the present rate, to twelve cents ; and
the second proposition reduces the present
duty of twenty four cents to eighteen cents.
Thus one third is taken off in each case.
Iti regard to the seeondproposition, I desire
to say that the duty includes also the duty on
the bag, sack, barrel, or whatever else may
make the package. There is no other duly
provided for the inelosure of the salt than that
here embraced.
Mr. Chairman, whatever the House may be
inclined to do in regard to this matter, it must
be clear to any one who will examine it that
the mam expense in the production of salt is
labor. Whether it be in raising the brine, in
boiling, in drying, in packing, in putting the
salt in barrels, in handling, or in shipment,
the main expense is labor; and this is a class
of labor which, I submit, ought to be pro-
tected. The proposition I submit embodies a
fair division of the duties on this subject. It is a
greater reduction than is proposed on coal and
other articles. On all other articles'the pro-
posed reduction is but ten per cent, of the
present duty.
On this there is a reduction on each of these
items of one third. Everybody in the House
is talking to each other again.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen will come
to order.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Minnesota, [Mr. Dunnell,] in which
he says there is no protection to the farmer.
The duty on flour is twenty-five cents a barrel,
on oats ten cents a bushel, on beef one cent
per pound, on pork one cent per pound, on
butter fifteen per cent ; on everything which
we along the border consume, and which these
salt manufacturers buy, the duty is higher than
on any other article. We are compelled in
salt-making to forego the markets of Canada
and to take the productions of the western
Sta'es, and their cattle, their grain, their beef,
their pork, all of which are protected by high
duty; and yet this committee proposes to
permit Canadian salt, made across the border,
where we can buy farm products cheaper than
in the States, to come into competition with
our salt almost free of duty.
1 desire to say to the committee that during
the last year more than one half of the salt
manufactories of Saginaw have been lying
idle because the price of salt is unremun-
erative. The only salt-works in the Saginaw
valley for the last two years engaged in the
production of salt are those which can use the
waste steam and refuse materials of saw-mills
in the manufacture of salt. I assert publicly,
and without fear of contradiction fiom any-
body, that one half of the salt manufactories
of the Saginaw valley have been lying idle for
the past year, unless where they have been
connected witji saw-mills and where they can
use the waste steam and use the refuse of saw-
mill materials for heating power, and this is
because the manufacture of salt is not remun-
erative.
I ask the committee, in making this experi-
ment on salt, to be satisfied with a reduction
of one third. Let it be tried at that. Let
this labor and this industry have that protec-
tion against the salt piled up on the Canada
shore like great warehouses now awaiting the
passage of a bill which will permit it to come
into competition with sa't manufactured by
our own laborers. But I will not enlarge on
this subject. I ask the House to take the
reduction I propose, and not by one fell swoop
destroy this interest entirely.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, it is clear to
me that salt should be wholly free. This
House was lately of that view. Oneyear ago,
011 the jeas and nays, the House voted to put
salt on the free list by a vote of more than
two thirds, i have the record here. The vote
was 147 in the affirmative and 47 in the nega-
tive. I see no reason now why the members
of the House should go back on the record
which was then made. Nothing since has
occurred which ought to change' their views.
Indeed, Mr. Chairman, we can reduce the
tax to-day better than we could one year ago.
We have since that time paid off the national
debt to the extent of over one hundred million
dollars. We have succeeded in establishing
a better credit abroad. It is now better set-
tled in the minds of the people that taxes in
the form of customs duties can be taken off.
The whole people, with a few local exceptions,
desire free salt. I do not believe, Mr. Chair-
man, that there are twenty congressional dis-
tricts in the United States which, if they were
to vote instructions in conventions, would fail
to instruct their members on this floor to vote
for free salt.
I need not repeat threadbare statements
and arguments already made why we should
have free salt. It affects the whole people of
the country, men, women, and children. It
also bears heavily on important inteiests in
all parts of the country. The pork-packers
m the West who use Turk's Island salt, the
only salt that can be safely used in packing
pork, are oppressed with this excessive duty.
The fishermen on the coast of New England
are obliged now by law, if they take salt out
of bond, to use it on board of their vessels or
pay the duty upon it. They cannot use it
elsewhere in curing their fish. The restriction
in the law as to the place of its use on ship-
board in agreatdegree neutralizes the intended
benefit of the law as it now stands. These
fishermen are oppressed by the duty on salt.
There is another reason why we should
act—the duty is euormous.
Turk's island salt, the best salt., can be
bought at the island for nine cents a bushel, or
eleven cents per hundred pounds. The duty
is eighteen cents in bulk, or twenty-four cents
in sack. It does not take much arithmetic to
figure from that that it is not a duty of one hun-
dred per cent , but an average of nearly two
hundred per cent. It is an enormous protec-
tion, and for the benefit—1 shall use the lan-
guage of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley,] the advocate of extreme pro-
tection upon this floor—for the benefit, in the
main, or greatly at least, of the "Onondaga
monopoly." I repeat the words used by the
gentleman here upon this floor last spring
when he admitted that the duty couid be re-
duced.
That monopoly, sir, to my mind, stands to-
day as the most offensive before the American
people. It smacks of the old times when mo-
nopolies were granted arbitrarily and interests
and persons were allowed to grow rich at the
expense of the people. The people, I believe,
demand the abolition of all duties on salt,
and let it be placed on the free list, or if we
cannot get that, let us at least keep the rate
which the Committee of Ways and Means has
reported.
Mr. FINKELNBURGr. In the course of
some remarks yesterday of the gentleman
from Michigan, [ilr. Blair,] who 1 ara sorry
is not now in his seat, he took occasion to criti-
cise very severely some statements which I had
made concerning the proportion of labor in
the cost of making salt. I did not happen to
be listening to the gentleman m the early part
of his argument, and the Globe report has not
yet come up to that point of the debate. But
I am told that the gentleman displayed a good
deal of virtuous indignation at what he chooses
to call the unscrupulousuess and unfairness of
the free trade arguments.
Now, sir, before a man hurls his vitupera-
tion at others he ought to be entirely certain
that he is right himself. The gentleman taid
to this House, Why. there is the cost of the
barrel in which the salt is put; is not that
labor, and ought not that to be protected? And
