1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4127
Now, Mr. President, if General Pope, Gen-
eral Sherman, and the Secretary of War had
united in recommending the establishment of
United States courts in Kansas or elsewhere,
or had made some suggestion in regard to the
finances of the country, we might feel our-
selves justified in paying very little attention
to their request. I do not mean, however, to
intimate that these gentlemen would not make
wise suggestions on these or any other topics,
for they are wise men. But it is not their
business to look after such questions. It is.
however, their duty_ to look after all matters
relating to the Army; and when they make
official and urgent recommendations iu that
direction they should at least command the
respect and the attention of Congress. 1 hope,
therefore, the Senate will not recede from this
amendment; and I have no doubt in the world
that if Senators would take the pains to ex.
amine this question every one present would
insist on this amendment.
Jt is indispensable that the Government pro-
vide places of shelter for the troops, and it
is important that a portion of the Army should
be concentrated at some central point, where
supplies of all kinds can be most cheaply pur-
chased, and from which troops may be read-
ily sent by rail or water transportation to all
other points.
It appears to me, Mr. President, and, as al-
ready stated, it is the opinion of the most dis-
tinguished officers of tli e Army, that Fort Leav-
enworth has advantages superior to those of
any other military post iu the country. It
was first established in May, 1827, by Colonel
H, Leavenworth. It is not a fortification as
the word "fort" would imply, but simply a
barracks, garrison, or depot for the concen-
tration of troops and supplies. Itissituated in
Kansas, on the west bank of the Missouri river,
about three miles above the city of Leaven-
worth. The reservation comprises seven thou-
sand acres of the best land in the world.
Two thousand acres or more are fenced and
under cultivation, yielding a large amount of
gram annually and affording excellent pas-
turage for tlie public animals. Wood for fuel
and lumber of many varieties can be obtained
from the "bottoms" of the Missouri river
and those of tributary streams in greater
abundance and at much less cost than at any
points further west. Coal of a better quality
than any as yet discovered in the valley of the
Missouri has been found at tbe.depth of seven
hundred feet to underlie the entire reservation.
The Leavenworth Coal Company is now
bringing to the surface from three to five
thousand bushels daily, and under an agree-
ment with the United States, by which its
mining privileges are secured, furnishes to
the Government free of cost a portion of the
coal required for use at Fort Leavenworth.
This item of cheap fuel is only one of the
many advantages of Fort Leavenworth as a
military post. Here forage for the animals
and subsistence for the men can be purchased
at less cost than at any other of the military
stations further West. It has for many years
been the great .market for the purchase of
horses and mules, the Government, as the
records will show, securing these animals at
less cost here than at St. Louis, Chicago, or
other points. During the rebellion a great
number of regiments of cavalry were organ-
ized or remounted at this place.
From the date of its establishment to the
present time this post has been the point at
which the greater portion of the supplies have
been concentrated for the military posts in the
Territories west of the Missouri river, and
thence carried by wagon transportation to the
various places of destination. During the
Mormon troubles of 1858 the trooys were
organized at and started from this point, and
during the war of the rebellion more than
two thirds of all the military supplies for^the
Territories west were forwarded from Fort
Leavenworth. Persons not familiar with the
fact will be surprised to learn that from 1858
to 1868 there were loaded at Fort Leaven-
worth and at the city of Leavenworth more
than ten thousand wagons each year, requir-
ing the employment of more than ten thou-
sand men, and the services of one hundred
thousand head of cattle and mules annually
in hauling the supplies to their destination.
During that period (before the construction
of railroads across the .plains) it was impos-
sible to transport supplies in the winter, and
all stores had to be transported in wagons and
within the time embraced between the months
of May and October, inclusive, the snow and
absence of grass on the plains for the animals
during the other months of the year rendering
wagon tiausportation impossible.
The troops were then scattered over the
plains in one, two, three, and four company
posts. To establish quarters at these distant
posts, and to transport to them the necessary
food for men and animals, required the ex
penditure of large sums of money. Since the
construction of railways across the plains, and
the consequent settlement of the country,
many of these posts have become unnecessary
for military purposes and have been aban-
doned or sold by the Government at great
sacrifice. I could name many such which
have been abandoned or otherwise disposed
of within the past ten years at great loss to the
Government. Among them I now think of
Forts Zarab, Gibson, Arbuckle, Wise, Smith,
and Bascom. 1 have estimated the cost of
forts and garrisons thus abandoned by the
Government during the past ten years at more
than three million dollars.
Before the construction of railroads west of
the Missouri river it was necessary to estab-
lish these numerous small posts. It was neces-
sary that they should be supplied with forage
and subsistence during the summer months
from Fort Leavenworth, it being impossible
to reach them by wagon transportation in the
winter. To maintain these posts at distant
points was difficult and expensive, while the
morale and efficiency of the men were much
impaired by dividing them up into small bodies
and scattering. them over so much territory.
Every military man will readily appreciate
this. The situation now is somewhat changed.
The building of roads and the protection af-
forded by the partial settlement of the country
have rendered many of these small posts un-
necessary. Some of them have been aban-
doned, and others must be in a few years. It
is therefore not thought wise to expend more
money in erecting quarters for troops at dis-
tant and expensive points, which, in the nature
of things, will not be of permanent necessity,
but rather to select some central point where
everything required for the use of an army may
be cheaply purchased, and which by its geo-
graphical position and other advantages must
continue a military necessity for all time to
come.
Such a place, Mr. President, is Fort Leaven-
worth, situated about midway between the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans, and the Lakes on
the north and the Gulf of Mexico ou the south.
It is proposed to enlarge it so as to afford
ample accommodations for one full regiment
of cavaliy during the winter, and from which
they are to be started in early spring to such
points on the plains as may require their pres-
ence, lio other shelter than tents being neces-
sary during the time they are kept m active
service on the plains in the summer.
The advantages to be derived from winter-
ing at Fort Leavenworth are the great saving
in cost and the increased comfort and en-
hanced efficiency of the troops. As. to the
matter of economy, it will be apparent to any
one that it would be much cheaper for the men
and animals to march or to be transported to
the subsistence and forage than it would be to
send the forage and subsistence to distant
posts on the plains. This will readily be under-
stood when it is known that at Fort Leaven-
worth hay can be purchased at from five
to ten dollars per ton, while at some of the
posts on the plains the Government has paid
as high as fifty dollars per ton, and the usual
price ranges from fifteen to twenty dollars per
ton. Wood can be purchased at Fort Leaven-
worth at from seven to ten dollars per cord,
while on the plains it ranges from fifteen to
forty dollars. Corn can be had at Leaven-
worth at from twenty to fifty cents per bushel,
■ while on the plains it costs from two to ten dol-
lars. And so 1 might go on enumerating other
articles with like disproportionate prices.
Why, Mr. President, I have now ou my
desk a calculation made by one of the most
intelligent officers of the Army, and one. who
has had large experience on the plains, show-
ing in detail the increase in the cost of all
articles necessary for the use of troops on the
plains over the prevailing prices at Fort Leav-
enworth, and proving conclusively that it will
cost the Government more than one hundred
thousand dollars less to winter a regiment of
cavalry at Fort Leavenworth, than it would to
winter the same number of men and animals
at smaller and scattered points on the plains.
Thus, sir, it appears by actual calculation,
made by those lamiliar with the subject, that
the Government can save more than the entire
amount asked for by this amendment in two
winters.
Now, Mr. President, assuming that I am
correct in this, the question arises as to the
best place to concentrate these troops I have
already spoken of the central position of Fort
Leavenworth, and of the large and valuable
reservation now the property of the United
States. Being located on the Missouri river,
it affords the Government all the advantages
of river navigation. It is connected by rail
with all points Fast, and railroads are being
rapidly constructed in all directions on the
plains. With the Kansas Pacific to Denver
and Cheyenne; the Union Pacific to Califor-
nia ; the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Gal-
veston, and the Missouri, Kansas, and Texas
reaching Fort Gibson and other points in tlie
Indian territory, and soon to be extended to
the Gulf of Mexico; the Atchison, Topeka,
and Santa F6, extending westward up the val-
ley of the Arkansas : and the Kansas Central
narrow-gauge road now being rapidly extended
toward the valley of the Solomon; with all
these, Mr, President, it will be seen that we
are no louger dependent upon wagon trans-
portation, but that troops and supplies may be
forwarded from Fort Leavenworth by rail at
all seasons of the year to within a reasonable
distance of any of the military posts. I there-
fore submit that on account of geographical
position, cheapness of market, liealthfulness
of climate, and facilities for communication.
Fort Leavenworth is a proper place for a large
military depot.
But it has been said that a winter campaign
against the Indians may become necessary. I
answer that if such should be the case the
troops can be more rapidly organized at Fort
Leavenworth, and at less expense, than at any
other point west of the Missouri river.
Mr. President, it is not good policy to ap-
propriate money to erect temporary buildings,
and for that reason the amendment before us
proposes to expend this money at Fort Leav-
enworth, in the belief that for a great many
years to come that post cannot fail to be a most
important military point. If the time should
arrive when there would be no longer any
necessity for troops to protect the country
from Indian incursions; if, indeed, our good
Quaker friends should succeed in winning the
wily savage into ways of pleasantness and
paths of peace, the Government will not be
able, even then, to dispense entirely with the
Army, and the same necessity will exist for
some point under the exclusive control of the
authorities ofthe United States at which troops
may be concentrated and organized for active
duty ; and w.here could a place be found more
