1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1439
son for making this charge I cannot conjec-
ture, unless he was emulous of the fame of
Lemuel Gulliver or Baron Munchausen,. It
is a fact which cannot be denied that no
State in this Union is more law-loving and
law-abiding than my own, and yet, sir, not an
election passes that some of her best citizens
are not arrested and persecuted, not prose-
• cuted, under the provisions of this act. Do
you want instances? I can give you fifteen
or twenty without going out of my district. A
short time after the general election in the fall
of 1870 eight or ten of the most respectable
citizens of my county were arrested under this
law, carried one hundred miles from home,
compelled to pay from one to two hundred
dollars each in counselfees and other charges,
and then turned loose because there was not
a scintilla of evidence that they had in the
slightest respect violated this law. These citi-
zens were arrested by a carpet-bag member of
the Legislature, who relaxed from the grave
duties of a legislator by occasionally acting as
deputy United States marshal, spy_, and in-
former, and who, as I have been informed,
received five dollars for each arrest.
Among those arrested was a gentleman
seventy years of age, a man who during his
long life had never violated in the least par-
ticular any law of the land, who had not even
voted for ten years, and did not attend the
election at that time. This man was arrested
at the dead hour of night at our county seat,
where he had gone to attend to some business.
He was not permitted to communicate with
his family, was hurried off one hundred miles
to Richmond, and after paying some two hun-
dred dollars was discharged on payment of
costs. What had he done, sir? I will tell
you. He was very much pressed by some of
his farm work—seeding wheat, perhaps. He
employed some hands to assist in this press
of work; they were employed by the day and
paid by the day. Among them were two hands
who occupied houses free of rent upon the
premises; they generally worked out in the
neighborhood; occasionally they worked by
the day for this old gentleman, who furnished
them with homes without charge. These two
men not making their appearance on the day
of election, the old gentleman hired two other
hands in their places and pressed on with his
work. When the two men returned, having
already supplied their places, he had no need
for them; and for this offense he was arrested,
hurried off to Richmond, and was taken before
a United States commissioner. The only wit-
nesses called were the two men; their state-
ment of the case alone was heard. They showed
how they had been made the dupes of the de-
signing spy and informer. With tears in their
eyes they narrated the uniform kindness and
consideration of their old master for their
comfort; and, without calling a witness in his
behalf, the old gentleman was at once dis-
charged on their testimony. The United
States deputy marshal, spy and informer, got
his fees for making the arrest, and that was all
he wanted. Iappealtomy venerable friend who
sits before me, [Mr. Bingham,] and who, I
know, has a kindly heart and generous disposi-
tion, had such a wrong been perpetrated upon
one of his old venerable and venerated friends
iti Ohio, if his eloquent voice would not have
been heard in thunder tones in denunciation
of such a law. Yet, sir, such outrages as I
have described occur regularly after every
flection, State or Federal. I might give you
other examples, but want of time forbids.
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, permit me to
say that as afi humble citizen of this great
Republic I shall obey the laws. When I
entered this Chamber I took an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, and I in-
tend to support it in all of its parts. As a
Representative on this floor of a portion of the
American people, I shall cheerfully vote every
dollar which may be necessary or proper to
maintain the honor of our common country
at home and abroad ; but, so help me God, I
never will vote one cent for the pay of spies,
informers, hirelings, whose only occupation is
to prey upon the scanty substance of my people.
Mr. PLATT. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Duke.] I listened carefully to the gentleman,
but I failed to discover what his remarks had
to do with the amendment he offered. He has
made it the occasion of a speech upon legis-
lation of this Congress, having no connection
whatever with the subject now properly before
the committee.
1 cannot permit some of the' statements
made by that gentleman to pass unchallenged
here. While I fully agree with him that we
have no Ku Klux organization in Virginia,
that we never have had, so far as I know, and
that it has never even been charged that we
have had that organization, I do say that the
intimidation of voters in that State has not
been in consequence of laws of the Congress
of the United States, passed as necessary acts
for the protection of legal voters. And 1 do
say further, that the party which is represented
tm this floor by the gentleman who has just
spoken, having had the control of the State
of Virginia, have by their acts in every pos-
sible way, except by an organized Ku Klux
system, intimidated voters and kept them from
exercising the rights which the laws of this
country declared they should have.
Mr. DUKE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. PLATT. The gentleman will please
to wait until I get through. I wish to call the
attention of the committee to an act passed by
the Legislature of Virginia only a few weeks
ago, and I challenge the history of this or any
other country to produce a parallel to it. In
the city of Norfolk, in my district, there is
a considerable Republican majority, but by
an unholy gerrymandering, the Legislature
have thrown all the Republican majority into
one part of the city, so that the common
council is equally divided. We have in the
council six Republicans and six Democrats.
Of course, in these circumstances, nothing
could be done. Everything was at a d eadlock.
There were Republican officers selected by the
previous Republican council and by the peo-
ple. Well, what did the Legislature of Vir-
ginia do ? They passed a law giving one of
the men in the council two votes, so that by
one vote he could produce a tie and then give
a casting and deciding vote ; and to-day we
have presented the spectacle of six men with
seven votes—a state of things produced by the
Legislature of Virginia to enable them to carry
out partisan ends and to eject from office the
Republicans elected by the people.
Now, let me ask the gentleman to carry his
mind back to the period two years ago, when
in the city of Richmond G. W. Chahoon was
elected mayor. It was supposed by his party
that they were absolutely certain of carrying
the city; but when the ballots came to be
counted on the nightof the election they found
to their astonishment that the Republican
party had carried the city of Richmond. But
what did they do? The law of Virginia re-
quires that after th« ballots aro counted they
shall be put in a box, and that that box shall be
carried by the officers of election and depos-
ited with the clerk of the court. The next
morning after the election, while the officer of
election of one of the wards was proceeding
with the box containing the ballots to deposit
them with the elerk of the court, he was
attacked in broad daylight in the streets of
Richmond by men in disguise, the box taken,
and its contents scattered to the winds.
And although the result of the election was
on record, signed by every officer of election,
the judges of election, when they came to
make the count, threw out the votes of that
ward on the ground that the law had not been
complied with, because the votes had not been
deposited with the clerk of the court. And
the gentleman's party to-day, as the fruit of
that villainy, are holding, in defiance of ihe
majority of the voters of Richmond, all tlie
offices of that city. They do so in consequence
of that violation of law and justice committed
in broad daylight in the city of Richmond, and
for which no living man has ever been pun-
ished in any way or manner.
In the gentleman's own district, tco. the
election officers, all Democrats, appointed by
a partisan judiciary, by acts of omission never
punished, have vitiated election after election
by failing to count the ballots or open the
polls, as the law required them to do. Sir,
there has not been a single prosecution or
conviction in Virginia against any one for
these open, palpable violations of the law,
which gives every man a right to vote once,
where there ought to have been five thousand.
Now,Icbarge that all over Virginia, at every
election held there since the war, since the
passage of the reconstruction acts, these things
have occurred. What do you see to day in
the city of Norfolk ? Whenever an election
occurs there, in defiance of a law which says
there shall be no distinction, they have two
ballot boxes, one for the white men and
one for the colored men. The election offi- .
eers take fifteen minutes or half an hour to
take the vote of a colored man, while a white
man votes in thirty seconds. At every elec-
tion in Norfolk and in Richmond when the
polls close there are hundreds of colored men
standing on the street who have been deprived
of the right to vote by the action of the offi-
cers of the election delaying them in that way.
Sir, I would like to meet my colleague [Mr.
Duke] or any other member of his party to
discuss this question. It is not germane here.
It has been interjected here out of place. I
leave the subject for the present. 1 shall be
ready to meet my colleague or any of his party
friends at an appropriate time to discuss this
question on the facts.
Mr. RAINBY. I move to strike out the last
word. I regret, Mr. Chairman, very much that
at this time a discussion of this character has
been opened on this floor. I believe the time
will come when the atrocities committed in the '
southern States will be fairly exhibited here,
and also made known to the country by records
and other official declarations. I congratulate
the gentleman from Virginia~[Mr. Duke] on
being able to say to the House that the State
of Virginia is in a condition of peace and guiet;
that throughout her broad domain quietude
and safety are extended to each and every citi-
zen. I would, sir, that I could say as much
for the State that I have the honor in part to
represent.
Sir, that State has not enjoyed a peace and
quiet commensurate with that of Virginia, and
I could only attribute the difference to the fact
that we have got there a large loyal element,
an element of men who are determined to
stand by the General Government, who are
determined to stand by the interests of the
great party which we have espoused in our
political infancy. I say, sir, that because we
have thus acted, and have dared as men, on
the establishment of our manhood ; to declare
our sentiments to the country and cast our
ballots as we think best, we have been per-
secuted, maltreated, murdered, and in every
way abused, not only men, but helpless women
and children, be it said to the shame of these
white citizens of South Carolina who perpe-
trated these atrocities.
I, sir, for one, stand here in favor of voting
every dollar that may be necessary to carry
on these prosecutions until every man in the
southern States shall know that this Govern-
ment has a strong arm, and that there is a power
here that will make them feel that if they will
not obey the statutes of the country they shall
be made to bow submissively to those enact-
ments at the point of the bayonet, be they
white or black.
Mr, Chairman, I havo not time allowed me
