1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Financial Condition of South Carolina—Mr. Elliott.
Ho. op Reps.
called in question, whose veracity has never
yet been doubted, and the correctness of
whose testimony cannot be successfully im-
peached.
I shall now submit a statement of two of
the members of the same committee, whose
report forms the substrata of the argument
of the gentleman from Indiana—one of them
being the chairman of said committee. In
submitting this statement in the form of a
special report to the house of representatives
of the State, they use the following plain and
unequivocal language:
"Your committee, after a careful and thorough
examination, are fully convinced that the entire
bonded debt of the State of South Carolina is
$15,767,908 98, and has boon croatcd in aoeordanee
■with the several acts authorising the issuing ofState
securities. ....
"Your committee are of the opinion that there
has been no over-issue ofState bonds, for the reason
that no act of the General Assembly limited the
amount to b® issued. The only act containing a
limitation of any kind is the act of March 26, 1869,
and that contains a limitation as to time only in
which loans could be negotiated.
"Your committee have obtained no evidence that
the terms of that a.ct have been violated. The limit
fixed by that act for thenegotiation of loans expired
August 26, 1870, and "while bonds have been issued
since that da,to, they were to oover loans negotiated
previous to the expiration ofthe twenty-four months
spccfficd in the act.
Statement:
Loan to redeem bills of bank of the State.. $1,590,000
Loan to redeem bills receivable of South
• Carolina  , 500,000
Loan to pay interest on public debt..  1,000,000
Loan for conversion of State securities ...... 8.200,000
Loan fortherelief of the treasury    1,000,000
Act approved August 26,1863 
Act approv-ed March 27.1869  200,000
Act approved March 1,1870    500,000
Sterling funded debt..,...-.  
Registered certificates of stock  2,5^0,000
Total   —  .$22,540,000
"The above bonds your committee find upon
examination a-ceoaatc*! fo* as follows:
In office of State treasurer: _ _ _
Sterling loan  - JK
Conversion "bonds  22
Relief of treasury  ^9^995 95
Paymeot interest public debt.,.  50,000 00
Red-eem bills ol the Bank of thcState... 331,000 00
Conversion stoclc  2,117,300 00
Canceled and destroyed :
Bonds for payment of in tereston public
debt  500,000 00
Bonds conversion v. .. 501,000 00
Issued at State treasury :
Bonds for conversion    1,260,500 00
Bonds to redeem bills of the Bank
of the State     
Conversion stock    432,700 00
Making a total of.       13,026,000 00
Which amount deducted from tbe total
amount printed leaves a balance of... 9,514,000 00
Also deduct bonds passed to the credit
of the sinking fuiad. commission  20u,u00 00
9,314,000 00
Tt> which add the debt known as the
old bonded or ante-war debt  ira
Covers a total of   $15,767,908 !
Having seen the data upon which the com-
mittee based their estimate and arrived at their
conclusion as to the amount of the bonded
debt, of the State, let us now examine the law
upon which this committee base their declara-
tion ; in other words, argue the proposition
"that there has been no over-issue of State
bonds."
On page 258, volume fourteen, Statntes-
at-Large of South Carolina, we find the act
referred to, which reads as follows:
" An act to authorize thefinancial agent of the State
of South Carolina., in the city of New York, to
pledge State bonds as collateral security, and for
other purposes.
"lie it enacted by the Senate and House of liepre-
sefitMlms of the State of South Carolina, nom mdt and
sitting in General Assembly and by the authority of
the same. That the financial agent of the state ot
South Carolina, in the city of Hew York, be, and he
is hereby,authorized to pledge Che bonds ol the State,
which the State now has, or may hereafter have m
its possession, as oollateral security for State loans:
Provided, That in all transactions he shall conform
to the provisions of an act entitled An act to author-
ise a loam to redeem the obligations known as the
bills receivable of the State of South Carolina,' rati-
fied the 26th day of August, A. D. 1868.
"Sf.c.2. That section oneof an act entitled 'An
act to authorize a State loan to pay the interest on
the public debt,' passed the 26th day of August, 1863,
and section one of an act entitled 'An act to author-
ize a loan to redeem the obligations known as the
bills receivable of the State of South Carolina,'
passed the same date, be so amended as to extond
the time during which said loans maybe negotiated
to twenty-four months from the passago of said acts.
" Seo. 3. That the financial agent of the State of
South Carolina, in the city of New York, be, and
he is hereby, directed to make and forward to the
comptroller gonerai of the State a report of his
transactions, quarterly, which report the comptrol-
ler general is hereby directed to include with his
annual report to the General Assembly."
An over-issue of bonds is, in a legal sense, an
issue made in excess of such issue as may be
authorized by law. There is also anothersense
in which an over-issue of bonds may be claimed
to have been made, and that is, that an
amount of bonds has been issued in excess of
tbe amount actually necessary to have > bor-
rowed the total amount of money required by
the laws authorizing such issue.
Will it be pretended for a moment, after ex-
amining the acts under which these bonds
were issued, that there has been in this case
an over-issue, as understood in a strict legal
sense? Will it even be pretended that there
has been any over-issue, or illegal or fraudu-
lent isBue? Will any one assume to say that
the letter or spirit of the statute under which
these bonds were issued has been violated?
The statute above quoted, and the one which
constitutes the pivot upon which this entire
question revolves, and the one in the light of
which the legality or illegality of the issue of
these bonds must be determined, makes no
limitation whatever as to the issue of bonds,
but simply fixes the time during which loans
may be negotiated. It has never been alleged
that any loans have been negotiated subse-
quent to the expiration of the time to which
such negotiations were limited.
The several acts authorizing the negotiation
of loans specify the amount of money to be
borrowed, but are silent as to the amount of
bonds to be hypothecated. Has it ever been
alleged that the amount of money called for
by those acts was not raised and used^ lor
public purposes? Never have such allegations
been made. In proof of the fact that the
greater part of the moneys so raised by the issue
of bonds was devoted to the just and faithful
payment of the obligations inenrred by former
administrations, and to the relief of the cred-
itors of the State who had been long kept out
of their dues, I submit the following items of
public debt that existed prior to 1868, and
which have been paid by the Republican
administration since its advent into power :
Amount of accumulated claims against the Stat-e
held by sherifis, coroners, magistrates, charitable
institutions, &o., incurred by previous adminis-
trations   £640,227 00
Amount of bills receivable issued by
the provisional government and re-
deemed by the present State govern-
inent  500,000 00
Amount ot past due interest accruing
durins and after the war, to Juiy 1,
1S69, the time when the prc-ent State
government commenced to pay same
in currency   l.OJA^w ou
Total .€-2,237,526 00
In addition to the above, the expenses of two ses-
sions of the Geneial Assembly, before the collec-
tion of taxes, including cost of public printing,
estimated at about $250,000 each, had to be paid
Irom the re>ult of the sale ot bonds.... $o00,000 00
Deficiency between the asse-sment nn.d
collection of taxes from 18G8 to I81U,
and which re&ulted in a deficiency in
meeting the appropriations for current
expenses,and which had to he provided nl„0Q1 or
from other sources.    J47,ool
To raise the above amounts bonds were
used as collater.il at rates ranging Irom
twenty-five to sixty cents on tho dol-
lar. The first was at the rate of
twenty-iive cents on the dollar.
Debt created by present administration
for land commission      (uo.uuuou
The foregoing is a statement of the actual
amount of money borrowed upon coupon
bonds in pursuance of the law to meet accrued
liabilities.
If it required the sale of a greater amount
of bonds Chan is customary in other States to
realize these amounts, the responsibility must
rest upon the Board of Trade and Chamber of
Commerce of the city of Charleston, united
with other influential combinations, who, act-
ing under the belief that to destroy tbe credit
of the State was a sure means of destroying
the political party in power, stigmatized in
advance the bonds of the State as worthless,
and declared that as soon as the Democracy
should regain the political control of the State
they would repudiate every dollar of debt con-
tracted subsequent to the adoption of the new
State constitution. Pretending to represent
the people of South Carolina, they boldly pro-
claimed their wicked and unholy purpose to
sacrifice the honor of the Slate. This wicked
determination to destroy the financial credit
and to depreciate the securities of the State ■
was recklessly put in execution almost simul-
taneously with the advent of the Republican
party into power, and before it could have
rendered itself, by any act of its own, obnox-
ious to the charges of corruption or improv-
idence.
The Charleston Daily News, the leading
Democratic organ of South Carolina, on the
17t,h of July, 1868, but ten days after the new
State government went into operation, boldly
proclaimed the purpose of its party in the
following language:
" Bayonet Bonds.—It would doubtless be a very
comfortable tiling if the debt of the State could be
paid, or the interest funded, until tho people, under
a. legitimate government, are ablo to meet their
public obligations. But this cannot be done by the
motloy Legislature now in session in Columbia; nor
can tboy, by the issue of 'bayonet' bonds, pro-
vide, as proposed, for tho deficit in the annual reve-
nue of the State.
" TheLegislaturewill, of course, bleed freely every
property-holder in South Carolina, and, as long as
they usurp tbe machinery of tho law, may compel
the payment of taxation. Negro legislators, negro
sheriff*, and negrooonstableemaydistrain, and there
the scheme of financial whitewashing will come to
a premature end.
"Beyond this they cannot go, What capitalist
would touch 'bayonet' bond? issued by our bogus
Legislature? Would New York or Boston touch
theso bonds issued by authority of a horde of ne-
groes, and in face of tbe protest of the white people
of the State? Would riot, our northern brethren
prefer to wait until after November?
" The State debt of South Carolina—the debt now-
existing—will be paid to the last cent, whatever tho
General Assembly may do, but no 'bayonet' bond,
for whatever reason issued, will ever be recognised
by the white people of tho Stato."
Under date of December 1, 18S9, referring
to the act of the Legislature providing for the
payment of the interest of the debt in specie,
the same $>,&per says:
" We can pay our debt as it stands. Tho question
is whether one year more of Radical rule will not so
largely swell the total that the people will, at the
first opportunity, shuffle off the weight of care and
repudiate every dollar of debt contracted after the
war." ******* * *
'"Had the Governor advised that the war debt b©
paid—a debt contracted for the advancement of a
cause in which our people embarked fortune, life*
and honor—an attentive earandwillingheart would,
have met the proposal, arid the whole subject would
have been considered with kindly and generous
care." * ' ******
"livery merchant or financier does see, or will see,
that the whole scheme is a job and a swindle. Beyond
this, there is the certainty that the law 01 specie
payments will assuredly be repealed as soon as prop-
erty-holders and honest men have a majority in the
councils of the State. This majority we shall have
in less than a year."
Such wns the language of this influential ex-
ponent of the Democracy of South Carolina,
repeated with equal force by the press of tbe
State, and commended to tbe people by priest
and politician. Does any one wonder at the
stringency of our finances? Let him tarn his
eyes to the fruits borne !by the incendiary and
revolutionary utterances of these democratic
leaders—the political allies of the gentlemen
