1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2335
provision punishing by a fine of $1,000 any-
body who makes a settlement within an Indian
reservation, or upon any lands that are in any
way secured to or belong to the Indians—pre-
cisely the subject-matter of the amendment
now offered. But this statute goes still fur-
ther, and makes it apenal offense to hunt, trap,
fish, or kill game in any way whatsoever upon
an Indian reservation or upon any lands be-
longing to Indians. It does seem to me,
therefore, that there is no necessity for this
amendment offered by my friend. The whole
subject is already covered. It is a very bad
thing to be multiplying laws upon precisely the
same subject. You have the danger of saying
that, you have repealed by implication the pre-
vious law. Who is prepared to say now that,
if we adopt this provision of the Senator from
Maine, we have not repealed by implication
these very statutes ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
remedy ?
Mr. THURMAN. By indictment in court.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What court?
Mr. THURMAN. The court having juris-
diction.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What court is
that?
Mr. THURMAN. I have not referred to
that yet; but I have the section of the law on
that point now before me, and it reads :
" So much of the laws of the United States as pro-
vides for the punishment o f crimes committed within
any place within the sole and exclusive jurisdiction
of the United States, shall be in force in the Indian
country: Provided, The same shall not extend to
crimes committed by one Indian against the person
or property of another Indian."
That is the provision of law which would
extend this amendment over the Indian terri-
tory, if it became a part of the lav/.
Then comes the next section:
" If any person who shall be charged with a viola-
tion of any of the provisions or regulations of this
act, shall be found within any of the United States,
or either of the Territories, such offenders may bo
there apprehended, and transported to the Territory
or judicial district having jurisdiction of the same."
Here, then, is the whole subject already
covered by the law. You are in danger of
repealing that by implication, if you begin to
tamper with it now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It seems to me
that there is an obvious distinction, and a dis-
tinction which I think the condition of affairs
renders important. This is the fact, notwith-
standing that statute and notwithstanding the
general intercourse law: the course of settle-
ment., so to speak, goes steadily forward, and
there is no practical remedy but an appeal
to the military. Suppose you call upon the
military to put these people out. That is
impracticable. The military are at a distance,
and the military are not in the habit of taking
sides on the frontier against the white people.
They are put there to protect the white people
against the Indians. Therefore that remedy is
inefficient and impracticable, and it has been
found so in experience. They only go in the
most extraordinary cases. To illustrate it,
take the case that 1 have just referred to : the
squatters followed the Indians down into the
Indian country last year; the President was
advised that some four or five hundred settlers
had gone down into the Indian country; the
War Department attempted to drive those
people out by an order which it sent to the
commander of the military department, and
he thought it was too late in the season. These
men have been going on ever since. Recently
that order has been renewed; and now, with
a thousand people upon that country, the
military are understood to be there, and are
driving them out, to be sure.
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend allow me to
ask him what specific thing he proposes to
accomplish, or supposes he does accomplish
by his amendment that is not accomplished
by the intercourse law just read?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is precisely
this : it gives notice to all these people that if
they go on that territory with the expectation
of getting title they will be defeated in it, for
the reason that it disqualifies any man from
holding, it renders him incompetent to receive
a title in that country forever thereafter.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to ask my friend if
he is quite certain that it does that? Sup-
pose the amendment should be incorporated
into the statute, and in violation of its pro-
visions he or I or anybody else should invade
some Indian reservation, and should be driven
off; thereafter suppose the Indian title should
be extinguished and the land subdivided and
sold, and he or I, whichever might happen
to be the derelict one, should become the
purchaser; having entered the land at the
land office and paid our money for it, how is
our title going to be defeated?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is not
what I contemplate. It is simply saying to
him, if he goes on that territory in violation
of treaty stipulations, the Government of the
United States will not sell the land to him.
I think it advertises him to that effect. To
that extent I think it will be very effective.
It will give notice to these people that these
reservations are to be sacred and are not to
be invaded in that way.
Then (practically one step more) it pro-
vides that the people who do that shall be
subject to fine and imprisonment, and it points
out the method by which the fine shall be
collected, and it makes it the duty of the
superintendents to give information of that
fact to the district attorneys and to see that
the law is enforced. It renders the thing
practical and does not turn you over to the
intervention of the military.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to make an
inquiry for information. Does the Senator
from Maine know where the jurisdiction would
be and where the trials would take place, and
how far it would be to the place of trial if this
provision were carried out? Take the case
of New Mexico ; where would a party be tried?
I am not familiar with the law referred to,
whether there is jurisdiction given to the ter-
ritorial courts, or whether the party would
have to be taken to some State.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Taken, of
course, to the judicial district in which the
Territory was.
Mr. STEWART. Your Territories are not
in the judicial districts. The Territories are
organized with territorial courts. Where does
the intercourse law lodge the jurisdiction to
try these offenses?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All of the Ter-
ritories are attached to some judicial district,
I take it.
Mr. STEWART. No, none of them are
attached to any judicial district. They are
organized into Territories, and each has a sep-
arate judicial system as a Territory. I wish
to know whether the intercourse act confers
on the territorial local courts jurisdiction to
try violations of it in the Territories. I do
not recollect about it myself. If it does, it
relieves some of the difficulty. If it does not,
parties would have to go a long distance for
trial.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This amend-
ment provides that they shall be tried in the
judicial district to which the Territory belongs.
Mr. STEWART. It does not belong to any.
The Territories are not parts of the judicial
system of the United States. My friend from
Maine has not lived in a Territory as long as I
have. I have lived in a Territory, and know
something about it, and I have seen something
of Indians. My judgment may not be good
on that subject, but it is on the statutes. The
Supreme Court has decided that the courts of
the Territories are not any part of the courts
of the United States as such. They are not
courts of the United States under the Consti-
tution. They are organized under the authority
given in the Constitution to dispose of the
territory and other property of the United j
States. They do not belong to the judicial
system of the United States at all. Under the
power granted to the Government of the Uni-
ted States to control and manage the Terri-
tories. Congress gives to each Territory a gov-
ernment of its own and a judiciary of its own,
and the judges of the territorial courts are
removed at pleasure. A judge of a district or
circuit court of the United States cannot be
removed except by impeachment.
The territorial courts are mere temporary
affairs, and the judges and officers are remov-
able like other civil officers. They are pro-
vided for under a different clause of the Con-
stitution from the judicial power. Congress
may confer jurisdiction on territorial courts
of any kind it sees proper. My question only
was whether the intercourse act has been so
drawn that the local courts would have juris-
diction. It would be a great hardship to take
it away from the local courts. I would like
to have the clause of this amendment relative
to that matter read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
And it shall be the duty of the superintendents
and agents of Indian tribes in the several districts
to give information of the same to the district attor-
ney of the United States in the appropriate district,
and to endeavor to procure the arrest of and bring:
to speedy trial all persons violating the provisions
of this section.
Mr. STEWART. That would imply, as it
stands, that- the accused would have to be
reported to the district attorney of the United
States, and there is no district attorney of the
United States in the Territories. He is dis-
trict attorney of the Territory, not of the United
States. " In the appropriate district." There
are no United States judicial districts in the
Territories. So, if any force is to be given to
that, the persons accused would havo to be
taken to the States, and you would have to
take them, in some cases, thousands of miles.
This shows the difficulty of amending crim-
inal law on an appropriation bill. We have
a criminal code now, undoubtedly prepared
by the Committee on the Judiciary after great
labor. This amendment ought to go to the
Judiciary Committee, and if it is necessary to
have further legislation it ought to be carefully
prepared, and you ought to define what courts
are to have jurisdiction, so that we shall know
the law at least. I do not believe it is pos-
sible on an appropriation bill to fix up a crim-
inal code or to amend a criminal code that was
considered originally by the Judiciary Com-
mittee with all the laws before them. This
amendment ought to go to the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Maine that he amend his amend-
ment in one particular, bo as to read: that if
any person other than an Indian, or person
incorporated into an Indian tribe, shall here-
after knowingly do so and so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection to that. That is the law of course as
it stands.
Mr. RAMSEY. The absence of that one
word "hereafter" may annoy a large popula-
tion on the frontier.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well, I
accept the modification.
Mr. RAMSEY. The provision is that if
any person other than an Indian or person
incorporated with an Indian tribe shall know-
ingly do so and so. Suppose a mixed blood
or a white man marries an Indian woman,
would the Senator prevent him- or her from
going into the Indian country and participating
in all the benefits of the tribe? That is not
uncommon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That would seem
to be provided for by excepting persons in-
corporated into the tribe.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no provision for it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It says "any
person other than an Indian or person incor-
porated into the Indian tribe."
Mr. RAMSEY. By what process do you
