tm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
to enter fally into a discussion of this ques-
tion. If I had thought it would have come
up to-day, I would have had facts and figures
here to substantiate every assertion that I
Make; but it So happens that the question
has been sprung upon us here, not because
it is germane to the subject under consider-
ation, but to allow the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. D<jke] to give vent to his pent-
up spleen, and express his opposition to
the enactments of the first session of this
Congress.
I hope, sir, that his amendment will not
prevail. I trust that Congress will feel it to be
its duty sternly, strenuously, and unflinchingly
to see that the laws be enforced in every part
of this country. We have provided that men
charged With violating the laws of tho land
shall be tried. If not guilty, they will go " scot-
free but if they are guilty then let them be
put in the penitentiary, or otherwise punished,
whether white or black, southern or northern
men.
The assertion that it is the carpet-baggers
who are bringing about all the trouble in the
South is untrue. The great trouble has been
brought about by the fact that the southern
people have failed to obey the laws giving
equal protection to all; and because we have
presumed to be loyal to the Government, and
support the laws, they have been trying to
exterminate us.
In conclusion, I hope this amendment will
not be adopted, and that an appropriation of
$1,000,000 will be adopted by the committee.
Mr. COX. I do not propose to reply to the
remarks which have just been made. But I
desire to call the attention of the gentleman
who has charge of this bill to the amount pro-
posed to be appropriated in this one item of
deficiency, the round sum in a lump, of
$1,000,000. I think we on this side of the
House are entitled to a bill of particulars.
My friend from Indiana [Mr. Holman] hands
me the statute and calls my attention to the
appropriation of last Congress for the current
fiscal year. It shows what the United States
courts cost us during this year. I read from
the statute:
" For defraying the expenses of tlie Supremo Court
and circuit and district cuurts of the United States,
including: the District of Columbia; and also for
jurors and witnesses, and likewise for defraying the
expenses of suits in which tho United States are
coneorned, and of prosecuting oifonsos committed
against tho United States, and for the safe-keoping
ot prisoners, §2,000,000."
Now we are asked to appropriate $1,000,000
more, as a deficiency, without being furnished
with the details. We are entitled to challenge
such a proposition.
I do not care to argue now how the Ku
Klux matter affects Virginia. Especially do
I not care to inquire tho provocation for the
Ku Klux in South Carolina, or whether blacks
or whites are concerned in it. We have that
matter in our reports and documents here. It
will be fully debated at the proper time. But
if there ever was a corporate body thoroughly
and disgracefully corrupt with detestable pu-
trescence, it is the State government of South
Carolina, both black and white, and especially
the black.
But here is $1,000,000 for a deficiency in
the expenses of our courts. That makes in all
$3,000,000 per annum. For what? To carry
out the Ku lilnx bill? To carry out the proc-
lamation of the President of the United States,
practically setting aside the writ of habeas
corpus, and declaring the law of force ?
Sir, have we forgotten the old muniments
of-liberty? Have we forgotten the speeches
made so recently on the other side of the House
against the Ku Klux bill? I hold in my hand
here two speeches made by eloquent and able
gentlemen from my native State of Ohio. One
of them was by Mr. Groesbeck, the purest of
the Ohio statesmen. He denounced this Ku
Klux legislation with keen analysis and truth-
ful eloquence. His eloquence evoked the
indignation of the nation. I have here in
my hand another speech against the suspen-
sion of the writ of habeas corpus and against
martial law and against the Ku Klux bill.
It is one of the most cogent, learned, and
eloquent speeches ever delivered in Congress.
It was made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Gakfield.] He is the same gentleman who
now has charge of this bill. He is now seek-
ing to give $1,000,000 to carry out that which
he said was a glaring and unmitigated outrage
upon public and personal liberty. I wish I
had time to boil down that speech for the
information of the House.
Mr. DICKEY. If it is so good it does not
need boiling.
Mr. COX. It might improve it to boil it
down. There is somewhat of persiflage and
much of eloquent remark, yet I would be
proud to be the author of that speech. When
my friend made that speech in defiance of his
side of the House, and with the support and
sympathy of this side, he seemed to have had
the divine afflatus. He seemed to draw his
inspiration from sources where you gentle-
men do not get your inspiration generally.
[Laughter. ]
But I wish to call attention to the details of
this matter. Why are they not given to us?
It is proposed to appropriate a round million
of dollars to execute some of these laws in
addition to the $2,000,000 that was appropri-
ated last year. What is the meaning of it?
Is it to affect the presidential election? Is
it to strike down Judge Davis and the Labor
Reformers—Judge Davis, who is so eulogized
in the speech of my friend from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] in the Milliken case, as the judicial
champion of habeas corpus and the constitu-
tional opponent of martial law? What does
the gentleman mean by this deficiency appro-
priation of $1,000,000 extra?
I am against deficiency bills; I agree with
my friend from Indiana [Mr. Hoi,man] that
deficiency bills are wrong. I have so often
denounced them 
Mr. DAWKS. How would my friend pay
this deficiency; by a draft 7
Mi-. COX. I would draw on the States of
Massachusetts aud Pennsylvania, which have
got so much money from the people of this
country by their bad tariffs.
Mr. DAWES- Then it woald be paid if
those States were drawn on for it.
Mr. COX. The gentleman wants to know
where the deficiency is to come from.
Mr. DAWES. Massachusetts and Pennsyl-
vania could pay the deficiency themselves,
although New York may ask to be excused.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman Wants to make
a point on me, as to shipping lost 
Mr. DAWES. No; but the gentleman says
he is opposed to all deficiency bills. A defi-
ciency bill is to pay a debt; and as my friend
is opposed to deficiency bills, I ask him in all
good faith how we would pay debts of this kind ?
Mr. COX. I am opposed to moral defi-
ciency ; I am opposed to political deficiency;
and I am opposed to these fiscal deficiencies.
[Laughter.] I believe, Mr. Chairman, that
unless we shall have the moral courage to
rebuke this system, by voting down some of
these deficiency bills, we shall continue to
run the Government into profligacy, as it has
been running. I think the gentleman from
Massachusetts has been answered, for he bows
as if he were satisfied. [Laughter.] Why, Mr.
Chairman, my honored friend from Massachu-
setts knows the encouragement which these
bills give to the Departments to create further
deficiencies. I think I have heard him fulmin-
ate in this House against these deficien-
cies. It seems to me that they deserve our
emphatic protest.
In this case I feel it .especially my duty to
call attention to the subject, because here is
a matter affecting personal liberty. Here is
an expenditure of $1,000,000 to take citizens
away from their homes, away from the vicin-
age, in violation of Magna Charta and the
Bill of Rights, where they could have fair trial.
It is an expenditure to sustain the President
in suspending the writ of habeas corpus in a
time of profound peace, when there was no
necessity for such a measure, according to my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] I remem-
ber that gentleman's remarks so well that I
can almost quote them verbatim. His lan-
guage was something like this: " Sir, I have
fought one war; I do not want to fight an-
other. This is not a time of war. I deny the
right of the President or Congress to exercise
these extraordinary functions at this time,
when there is or should be peace in the coun-
try. Therefore I oppose these despotic meas-
ures."
All this trouble comes from a little desire
for electioneering ; a little preparation for the
presidential contest. We do not know what
is in store for us this year.
Mr. TAFFE. That is so. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose that
there is in store for the gentleman's party the
same that has happened to it for six ot eight
years past.
Mr. COX. Sir, I look to the future with
perfect content. It is the general impression
on this side of the House and with the majority
of the people of the country that there is
"something rotten in Denmark." For all
that I know, you, gentlemen on the other side,
may succeed in continuing your power. You
may have the majority in the next Congress.
But, sir, I believe that your President and all
those who have contributed to elevate and
sustain him will receive the moral condemna-
tion of the people and a political verdict against
them next fall. This is my serious judgment.
I give it for the encouragement of friends and
the discouragement of foes.
We may as well look the matter in the face.
You, gentlemen, know, if you do not confess
it, that it would be a wise and good thing to
change the Administration now and then even
though the Democrats should obtain power.
Why, I have heard some of you say that the
country was in such a bad condition that any
change would be for the better. You charge
corruption on us. You say that in New York
and other places we are bad. Well, we have
been somewhat bad. But I heard a distin-
guished gentleman say the other day that the
Democratic party could not have success unless
it was clean, while if the Republican party
should be washed out, it would die in two
months. I believe it. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I am always delighted to listen to my friend
from New York, [Mr. Cox,] and this particu-
lar speech it has given great delight to hear
for many years. It is none the less welcome
to-day because it is an old familiar friend ; its
repetition associates the eloquence of the
present with the memories of the past. But
before I notice any special topics of his speech
relating to any political phase of the paragraph
under consideration, I desire in justice to
the gentleman and to the committee to state
the facts in regard to this appropriation. From
the first establishment of our judicial depart-
ment up to this time, what has been known
as the judicial fund has consisted of two ele-
ments: first, the appropriation of money out
of the Treasury; second, fines, penalties, and
forfeitures arising from the decrees of the
courts of the country. From these two sources
the judiciary fund has been kept up.
The provision of the law approved July 12,
1870, at the instance of my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] has encountered a
great deal of opposition in the various depart-
ments of the Government, aud has wrought
many changes in the mode of transacting the
fiscal business. That law provides that all
unexpended balances shall at the end of each
fiscal year be covered into the Treasury. The
Committee on Appropriations have received
several letters urging that the provision of that
