2336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
incorporate them ? There is no particular
legal process pointed out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I leave the
honorable Senator to infer it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I assure the Senator there
is a great deal of that thing. We ought to pro-
vide for it. White men and mixed bloods inter-
marry with Indian women. After they do that,
tliey had belter be incorporated with the tribe
and entitled to all the rights of the rest of the
tribe.
Mr. THURMAN. The vote was taken on
the motion to lay on the table before, without
this amendment having been discussed. I think
the Senate must now see that if any further
legislation in this direction is necessary some
care and reference to previous laws is neces-
sary in order that it may be properly drawn.
I think this had better be laid on the table.
There having been debate since that question
was taken, I move now to lay the amendment
on the table.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me to
correct him ?
Mr. THURMAN. Iflam in error, certainly.
Mr. COLE. It was after very considerable
debate, and the vote was 26 against laying on
the table to 15 for it. I think it is of no nse
to make the motion again.
Mr. THURJIAN. Let us try anyhow. I
move to lay the amendment, on the table.
Mr. COLE. It is a fruitful subject of dis-
cussion, and will last, I think, three or four
days yet for this debating institution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable. The Senator from Ohio
moves that the amendment lie on tho table.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 20, noes 38.
Mr. HOWE. During the discussion which
has just taken place on the amendment moved
by the honorable Senator from Maine my at-
tention has been called to a previous amend-
ment which I understand the Senate has agreed
to, which seems to me very objectionable. I
was not in the Senate when the amendment
was agreed to. It was one moved, I under-
stand, by tho Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stevenson.] The amendment proposes to
vacate two reservations in the Stale of Wis-
consin, comprising very considerable tracts,
one of them containing one hundred and
twenty square miles, and one one hundred and
forty-lour square miles, and to offer those two
reservations for sale in gross.
Mr. STEVENSON. In severalty or in gross?
Mr. HOW'E. But there is no provision in
the amendment requiring the tracts to be sold
in subdivisions. There is no provision in the
section % which they could be sold in sub-
divided tracts. There is no provision for the
survey or the subdivision of these reserva-
tions.
Mr. HAIILAN. Have they not been sur-
veyed ?
Mr. HOWE. I suppose they have not. I
suppose they could not have been surveyed.
Mr. HARLAN. I think they have been.
Mr. STEVENSON. On what authority
does the Senator from Wisconsin say there has
been no survey?
Mr. HOWE. I take it for granted the lands
could not have been surveyed while occupied
by Indians.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator ought not
to take it for granted, unless he knows the
fact. He has stated as a fact that there was
no survey. Now, this amendment was pre-
pared by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, and the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs was here during the whole debate when
the Senator was out, and he desires this
amendment, and he says the land can be sold
in severalty. I know nothing about it myself.
_Mr. HOWE. There is nothing in the Con-
stitution that prohibits me from taking anything
for granted that I choose to take. I did take
it for granted that these reservations had
not been surveyed. I should be very much
astonished to find that in fact they have been
surveyed. The Senator from Kentucky tells
me he knows t.hey have been 
"Mr. STEVENSON. I do not. I know
nothing about it.
Mr. HOWE. Then I will not ask the Sen-
ator ho w he knows they have, or why he should
take it for granted that they have been sur-
veyed.
Mr. STEVENSON. I can tell the Senator
why I take it for granted that they have been
surveyed. I gave him my authority—the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs and the Secretary
of the Interior. I have their reports before
me pressing this measure upon tho action of
the Senate as demanded by the highest public
interests. These are two high officials of the
same political party with the Senator, men of
high character, who tell me that this can be
done. I therefore supposed that all the requi-
sites to it had bfen complied with.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin allow me a word? I will state that
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs does say
that these lands have been surveyed.
Mr. STEVENSON. Now I hope that the
Senator from Wisconsin is satisfied.
Mr. HOWE. No; I am not satisfied at all.
I am bound to be satisfied, I suppose, upon
that point, that the lands have been surveyed ;
and yet it would not surprise me very much to
find that I had been satisfied upon too slight
testimony, because I am inclined to think the
Commissioner was mistaken about it. But
what I object to is patting the authority into
the hands of the Secretary of the Interior or
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, or any-
body else, to sell large bodies of land in gross.
That is the objection.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let me tell the Sen-
ator that it has to be approved by the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. HOWE. The President of the United
States happens to be a mortal; but if he were
an angel I should still object. It is wrong in
itself, and it is just as well for you to make
your law v. hat it ought to be now as to trust
to its being made right by somebody else. It is
either right to sell these lands in a body, or
jt is wrong so to sell them. If it is wrong, no
individual acting in the administration of this
law hereafter can make it right. We know
whether it is right or wrong. If it is right to
sell them so, it is in condemnation of all your
previous legislation on the subject.
Mr. STEVENSON. May I ask the Senator
from Wisconsin a question ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the Senator
understands me. I have no preference
whether the land shall be sold in severalty or
in gross. I suppose either may be done under
this amendment. But let me ask the Senator,
suppose it could be sold for more in gross than
it could in severalty, ought not the power to
sell it in gross, and to get the largest sum for
the benefit of the Indians, be retained in the
amendment?
Mr. HOWE. I have two answers to make
to that. In the hrst place I morally know
that it cannot be sold for more in solido than
it can in subdivisions. But that questidn
never could be settled because, suppose it to
be already surveyed and subdivided, there
will be a great many thousand quarter sections
of land there ; you do not expect that you are
going to get bids for each of those quarter sec-
tions all at the same time. You witl get a bid,
one, perhaps two, possibly three ; but you are
not likely to get more than one bid for the
whole tract. If the Secretary of the Interior
sees fit to say that that is more than he Can
get for the lands by selling them in subdivis-
ions, who is ever going to contradict him?
I he lands will be sold and it will never be de-
termined how much he could have got by
selling them in quarter sections. He never
can be corrected on that point. But your
whole experience shows that the best way to
dispose of your lands is to subdivide them and
offer them first at public auction to the highest
bidder in quarter sections, and if they are not
sold then above the minimum price, $1 25 an
acre, thereafter allow them to be subject to
private entry at $1 25.
Mr. COLE. This matter was disposed of
some time ago after very considerable debate
and full deliberation, and the amendment was
adopted. I hope the Senator will not now
discuss it so long after it has been disposed of.
Mr. HOWE. I have not yet made amotion;
but I propose to move to reconsider that vote.
1 am entirely agreed with the main purpose
which I understand the Senator aims at by the
amendment. I am agreed to make provision
for the removal and consolidation of these
two bands. If ho will consent to the recon-
sideration of that vote, and allow the section
to be amended, as it may very readily be
amended, so as to provide for selling the lands
as other public lands are sold in subdivisions, I
am entirely agreed to the amendment. I ask
the Senator what possible objection there
can be to that?
Mr. CORBETT. I can state to the Senator
from Wisconsin that this matter was fully con-
sidered in the Committee on Indian Affairs.
It was thought the settlers might combine
together to buy these lands for less than they
would bring in a bodjr. There have been
instances of that kind, and this was simply
intended as a check against the sale of these
lands at too low a rate. If a man could come
in and say " I will give so much for this entire
body of the land," it would induce the settlers
to offer a fair price for the lands, and it was
simply to prevent the lands being sold at too
low a price. That was the chief reason.
Mr. HOWE. Let me say to my friend from
Oregon that he is undoubtedly wise in guard-
ing against combinations between thousands
of poor men who seek to purchase homesteads.
Is he quite wise in nnt trying to guard against
combinations among a few great capitalists
where men can bid for reservations containing
hundreds of square tniies?
Mr. CORBETT. I judge that the settlers
can afford to give as much for lands they have
settled upon and improved as capitalists can
afford to give for them in a large body. I am
not wise on this matter, but I desire to be wise
in protecting the Indians if we can against the
impositions that have been practiced on them
heretofore.
Mr. HOWE. We have tried repeatedly in
the history of this G-overnment both these
modes of disposing of the public domain, and
all our experience proves that the wisest way
is that which all your laws for the disposition
of the public domain already provide: sub-
divide your lands into small lots, offer them
then to the highest bidder in those subdivis-
ions at not less than the minimum price,
SI 25 an acre, and if none of them are then
purchased make them subject to private entry
at that price.
Mr. CORBETT. This provides that they
shall not be sold for less than the appraised
value.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, it provides that they
shall not be named at a price less than what
the three agents named may appraise them at.
What they will appraise a body of land con-
taining one hundred and twenty square miles
at, we do not know ; but we do know what
lands are worth for settlement; that has been
settled by a long course of history. I did not
hear the response ot the Senator from Ken-
tucky. I do not know whether he will resist
tne amendment that I desire to make.
Mr STEVENSON. So far as I am intU-
\iduaily concerned, I should have no objec-
tion whatever to a reconsideratipn ; but I waa
instructed by the Committee on Indian Affairs
to report the amendment in its precise shape*
1 will say to the Senator that this amendment
was prepared first by the Commissioner of
