1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4129
place that I know of on this continent. I
know there are remote districts where the
price, perhaps, is as low a's that; but corn is
delivered at that price there, was- last year,
and if they have a prosperous-and fertile sea-
son it will probably be done this year.
So I come to this question in no mere local
spirit, in no spirit of aggrandizement for
Leavenworth City or Kansas or the Missouri
valley, but on a broader and higher ground,
that it is promotive of the public service, of
the economy of the administration of the Gov-
ernment, and on that ground I sustain this
appropriation. It is economy not only to keep
the officers and men of the Army there at
times, but the horses, the animals that are
brought there to recruit after long and tire-
some service on the plains. Why, sir, a whole
regiment of horses have wasted away in ono
single campaign, which regiment and its outfit
cost an amount equal to this whole appropria-
tion, and they could have been saved, pre-
served for the uses of the Government, if they
had been stationed, with proper care, at Fort
Leavenworth.
Now, I want the yeas and nays on this
motion. I want to test the sense of the Senate
on this question of receding. I, for one, believe
it to be good economy to make this appropri-
ation. 1 place it on public grounds.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Femiy,
of Michigan, in the chair.) Thequestion is on
the motion of the Senator from Illinois, that
the Senate recede from this amendment to the
Army appropriation bill, on which motion the
Senator from' Kansas asks for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. To vote
"yea" is to pass the bill and recede from the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Recession
unites the two Houses.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Cas-
seriy, Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Kelly, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Norwood, Ransom, Saulsbury, Schurz, Ste-
venson, Stockton, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wil-
son—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boreman, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Chandler, Clavton, Coroett, Ferry
of Michigan, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Robertson,
Scott, Spencer, "West, and Windom—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Craain, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen. Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan. Hill, Howe,
Johnston, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Riee, Sawyer, Sher-
man, Sprasrue, Stewart, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton,
and Wright—36.
So the motion to recede was agreed to.
quartermaster's department
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. No, there is a bill on the
table. It will take but a moment to concur
with the vote of the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Louisiana withdraw his motion?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, to accommodate
the Senator from Massachusetts.
The Senate proceeded to consider the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 757) to authorize the ap-
pointment of certain officers in the quarter-
master's department.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and in lieu thereof insert:
That the President be, and hereby is, authorized
to nominate, and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to appoint certain officers of the
quartermaster's department to the grade they would
have held in said department, respectively, had the
vaeanoies created therein by the act of July 28,18<S6,
from the rank of major to the rank of colonel, both
inclusive, been filled by promotion by seniority:
Provided, That no officer shall be deprived of his
relative rank or reduced from his present grade by
this-.ast, and that the officers whose appointments
42D (JONG. 2JDSESS.—No. 259.
are herein authorized shall take rank and receive
pay only from the date of their confirmation.
The amendment was concurred in.
land titles in iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. There was a motion made
to reconsider the vote by which Senate bill No.
986 was passed a week or two since. The
motion was made in behalf of the honorable
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] I
had a conversation with him, and he authorized
me to say to the Senate that if he were not
here and I had an opportunity to call it up he
would not object to having it done. I hope
the motion may be taken up and voted down,
so that the bill can go to the House of Repre-
sentatives. It is the bill (S. No. 986) to settle
land titles in the State of Iowa.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should not like that bill
to pass this evening.
Mr. HARLAN. Let the motion to recon-
sider be taken up and voted down. The bill
haThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on taking up the motion to reconsider.
The motion to take up was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on reconsidering the vote by which
the bill was passed.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope it will not be re-
considered.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
fortification bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will permit
me to take up a bill which will consume only
five or ten minutes and dispose of it, because
it ought to go to the House of Representatives
and be engrossed and have time for its
passage. 1 mean the bill (H. R. No. 1671)
making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifica-
tions and other works of defense.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
insist on that.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, I insist.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is an
objection to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. COLE. J call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator from
Michigan allow me to appeal to him 'I I have
nothing I want to do, but I see Senators around
me who seem to want to make reports or have
formal matters done to which there is no ob-
jection. I ask the Senator to withdraw his
motion for a moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is time to adjourn.
I do not withdraw the motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest that we have a
division instead of calling the yeas and nays.
Mr. COLE. Very well. I will consent to
take it by a division.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on
a division—ayes 19, noes 15, and (at ten
o'clock and fifty-two minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HODSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 1, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. b.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
william b. muse.
Mr. WHITTHORNE, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, with a recommendation that it do pass,
a bill (H. R. No. 2949) for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Muse; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to William B.
Muse, formerly a passed midshipman in the
Navy of the United States, $729, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, as payment in full for services ren-
dered the Government during two years, two
months, and twenty-eight days, said amount
being the difference of pay between a passed
midshipman and a master in the Navy of the
United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was this man a graduate
of the Naval Academy?
Mr. WHITTHORNE. This claim arises
under the act of 1848. The bill is accom-
panied by a report, and has the unanimous
recommendation of the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the report be read.
The report was read. The committee find
that on the 3d day of June, 1847, Passed Mid-
shipman William B. Muse reported for duty
as acting lieutenant on the frigate Congress,
and continued thereon, performing duty as
such, until the 11th of August, 1848, when he
was transferred to the Warren on the same
duty, where he remained until the 2d of
November, 1848, when he was transferred to
the Dale, acting as lieutenant thereon until the
31st of August, 1849.
The duty of Passed Midshipman Muse as
acting lieutenant was for the period of two
years, two months, and twenty-eight days.
During this time the pay-roll of the Navy
Department shows that he only received the
pay of a passed midshipman. He claims that
under the sixth section of the act of Congress,
approved August 3, 1848, (volume nine Stat-
utes at-Large, chapter one hundred and twenty-
one, page 271,) he is entitled to the diffeienca
of pay between the rank of passed midship-
man and that of master.
By reference to the act of 1848 it will be
seen that it provides that—•
'' When any master in the Navy or passed mid-
shipman holding any acting appointment as master
from the Secretary of the Navy, has performed or
shal^hereatter perform the duty of a lieutenant,'
&e., "he shall be allowed the pay of a master for
the period or periods during which he shall have
performed such duty."
Now, the reason why payment has not been
made to Mr. Muse, and why it cannot now be
made, is that while it is admitted that Mr.
Muse, as passed midshipman, did under orders
perform duty as acting lieutenant for the time
mentioned, yet owing to absence from the
country, and being engaged in active duty upon
the coast of Mexico during the existence of
the war with that republic, he did not have
an acting appointment as master. It seems
hard and unjust that under so technical an
objection a meritorious officer should be de-
prived of the compensation evidently intended
by the act of 1848 to be paid to officers of
whom higher and more responsiole labor and
duty was exacted than pertained to their rank.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHITTHORNE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
algernon s worth.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported a
hill (H. R. No. 2950) for the relief of Alger-
non S. Worth; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
third section of the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution, by reason of participation in
the rebellion, be, and are hereby, removed
from Algernon S. Worth, of Westchester
county, New York, a minor cadet at the Naval
Academy at ihe breaking out of the rebellion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly i ead the third time, and passed.
Mr. PO TTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passeiij and* glso1 moved
