1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3233
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, two or three
things may be taken for granted in the discus-
sion of this question. In the first place, it
may be assumed that what has been stated by
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Finkeln-
BURG] and other gentlemen is true—that,
while we may live without tea and coffee, we
cannot live without salt; that it is an article
of prime necessity, the absence of which is
almost as fatal to the continuance of human
life as the absence of the atmosphere. Upon
the statement of such a proposition the query
arising in my mind is whether it does not
become us to so establish the production of so
neeessaty an article that in no contingency
shall we be deprived of it. It occurs to me
that in so far as this article is essential to our
comfort and well-being it becomes us to see
to it that we shall under no circumstances be
deprived of it.
The history of nations in war and other
circumstances, where they have been deprived
of this article, is fresh in the minds of all
those who can remember the condition of
things in the rebel States during the war.
With inexhaustible beds of salt under their
feet, with mountains of it before their eyes,
they had been in the habit and custom of
depending on others for salt, and when by
untoward events they were cut off from that
supply, the distress of the rebel States in all
other respects did not compare with the dis-
tress which the absence of this prime necessity
brought upon them. That is one condition of
things.
Another condition of things was stated by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] yes-
terday. If we so legislate as to secure under
all circumstances a home supply of this article,
then we should not have the condition of
things to which he has referred. It will be
impossible for that condition of things to be
true which the gentleman from Ohio stated, that
is, where two manufacturing establishments
of salt, one in this country and one in a for-
eign country, could so arrange matters by con-
tract that they could control the price of salt
in our markets and the price of salt in foreign
markets. Under no circumstances whatever,
when an article of prime necessity of life,
when its supply depends on the cupidity and
avarice of a monopoly like that which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania 
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has expired.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I take the floor, and
I will yield whatever time I am allowed under
the rules to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, so he may continue and conclude his
remarks.
Mr. DAWES. Now, sir, I desire such legis-
lation that under no circumstances can that
ever be true that the cupidity and avarice
of monopolies shall control the supply of
this article of prime necessity. But I want
to know whether we accomplish that end by
crushing out that monopoly on this side and
surrendering it entirely to another monopoly
on the other side? There is a monopoly on
the other side of the line, and there is one
at Onondaga, New York. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Duell] stated the
condition of the production in this country
was such that they were not able to make
it give at the end of one year with another
but the very smallest profit in each barrel of
salt manufactured. I do not wish to see such
a condition of things.
I do not wish to crush out the manufacture of
salt on our side of the line for the purpose of
surrendering it to a monopoly on the other side
of the line. The only remedy is to so legislate
as to multiply production here until in this
country under all circumstances, adverse or
prosperous, peace or war, it shall render us
independent of any such combination hereafter
like that of one monopoly here and another
foreign monopoly, fixing the price of salt in
both markets. That production can only be
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 203.
realized by just putting this where a fair re-
munerative profit and 110 more can be yielded
to the production of salt in this country where
ever it may be.
At Syracuse, New York, with sixty square
milesin Michigan; in the Kanawha valley,
Virginia; at Lynchburg, Virginia; down in
Louisiana, everywhere almost over this coun-
try, salt is as abundant almost and as free as
air, but it is six hundred or a thousand miles
below the surface, and it requires labor,
although free to all of God's people. There
it requires labor to lift it up to the surface of
the ground. Let us have it. If we are not
disposed to strike down ali efforts to manufac-
ture salt, let us multiply its production in this
country, so that no monopoly shall rule the
price, that no condition can hereafter happen
by which we may.be without the largest supply
of salt at the most reasonable prices. In
order to do that, we must see to it that those
who lift the salt shall have fair compensation
for it.
Mr. Chairman, I voted for free salt two
years ago. Last summer, on nobody's invita-
tion, and on no suspicion I should occupy the
condition I now do, I went on my own motion
among these salt-works. I went through them,
examined the works, and inquired in reference
to the production and profit of the manufac-
ture of salt. I think I know the condition of
things. The manufacture of salt barely pro-
duces compensation to the men employed, in
it, and no more. With sixty square miles in
Michigan, as fine as anywhere in the world,
gentlemen came before the committee and
tendered it in ten acres, free, to anybody who
would go there and produce salt.
You perhaps think you are going to have
cheap salt on the sea-board by withdrawing
competition at the sea-board with foreign salt
on the part of our own manufacturers. Now,
do not gentlemen see that when you withdraw
competition of American salt with foreign
salt on the sea-board, that instant the price
of foreign salt will go up?
Nothing has kept it down in this world;
nothing can keep it down but competition.
He who has a free field will put his own price
upon the article, as we have been told was
done by the Onondaga company and the
Goderich company when they combined, the
one to have a free field here, and the other to
have a free field there. When they did so,
they set their own prices upon the articles.
So all along the sea-board; so all along on
the Mississippi river, if you take away the
competition between the foreign salt and the
American salt, you that instant are at the
mercy of the importer, and he puts on just
what price he pleases. You cannot escape
that result. And he who asks free salt can
only have free salt by competition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the
gentleman if there is only one importer of
salt?
Mr. DAWES. There are thousands of
importers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there not com-
petition among themselves?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir. There will be the
same combination among them which there
was between the Goderich company and the
Onondaga company. Does not the gentleman
know that when the Onondaga company
reached the Atlantic with their salt they
brought down that instant the price of foreign
salt twenty-five per cent.? Does not every-
body know that it is only by competition the
world over and in everything that prices are
held down? We should not surrender our in-
dependence in this respect. It would be bet-
ter that the Government, as it provides pow-
der in its magazines and fills its arsenals to
meet great exigencies of war, should absorb
and pack away this article for such exigencies,
than that we should be left without it, as the
rebel States were during their contest.
[Here the hammer^fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed by
the House for debate on those paragraphs has
expired, but after the pending amendments
are disposed of, other amendments will be in
order, to be offered and voted upon witho.t
debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the committee rise, for the purpose of
extending the time for debate on those two
paragraphs thirty minutes. The subject is a
very important one, and, as I have already
said, there is a mistake in the clause which I
wish to have corrected.
The question being taken on the motion
that the committee rise, there were—ayes 62,
noes 59.
So the motion that the committee rise was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
field reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce
duties oil imports, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, and lud come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to proceed to
the consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 2322)
to reduce duties on imports, and to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes. Pend-
ing that, motion I move that the time for de-
bate on the two paragraphs relating to salt
and the amendments thereto be extended
thirty minutes.
The motion to extend the time for debate
was agreed to—ayes G4, noes 61.
The motion that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the consideration of the special order, was
also agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Scovield in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the bill
(IT. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports,
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House,
the time for debate on the paragraphs relating
to salt has been extended thirty minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend, by adding after the thirteenth line
the proviso which 1 send to the Clerk's desk
to be read.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is now in order. But the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] can explain now
the amendment which he proposes to offer
hereafter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer as an amendment this proviso :
Provided, That salt actually used in the preserv-
ing or curing of fish shall be admitted free of duty
under such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Will not the gen-
tleman add the word3 " and pork?"
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
content that pork shall be inserted. I go for
free salt. I will read the law, so that every-
body may understand it. When the bounty
was taken off fisheries, instead thereof this was
given them:
"Provided, That from and after the date of the
passage of this act vessels licensed to engage in the
fisheries may take on board imported salt in bund to
be used in curing fish, under suoh regulations as 1 he
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe; and on
proof that the said salt has been used in curingfish,
the duties on the same may be remitted."
Now, the men who construed that law held
that the fish were to be cured on board ship.
Now, fish are never cured on board ship, aud
consequently we never have had free salt. All
fish are cured on shore, and this law has there-
fore been, rendered entirely nugatory by the
