1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233?
Indian Affairs, in whom, I think, we all have
great confidence. I take it for granted that
his experience and his examination made the
amendment practical for two ends : first, prac-
tical in carrying out what he believed an essen-
tial benefit to the Indians; and secondly, in
bringing to them the largest possible amount,
of money for which their lands could be
sold. The amendment was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, fully consid-
ered by them, as has been stated by the
Senator from Oregon, and fully approved hy
them, and I was directed to report the amend-
ment thus agreed on to the Senate. One or
two informal modifications have been agreed
on to-day.
I have no personal wish to prevent the views
of the Senator from Wisconsin being carried
out. I had supposed these lands could be
sold in severalty or together. I think the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs told me that he
thought perhaps these lands were worth three
dollars an acre and had been valued at that.
I am not sure, but that is my impression. _ I
suppose we may intrust at least the discretion
to him. I should be perfectly willing to do so
from my appreciation and knowledge of him ;
and especially as his action is to be approved
by the Secretary of the Interior, I would let
the Commissioner make the sale as therein
indicated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
ask the Senator from Wisconsin one question,
and that is whether his difficulty arises from
the fact that these lands have not been sur-
veyed into subdivisions?
Mr. HOWE. That was one of my objec-
tions ; but I am obliged to abandon that upon
the information furnished by the Senator from
South Carolina. He says the Commissioner
tells him that they have been surveyed. I did
not suppose it could be done while they were
occupied by Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Assuming that
the lands have been surveyed, is there any
practical difficulty in the way ?
Mr. HOWE. There is no practical diffi-
culty in the way of their being sold in sub
divisions ; but it is almost certain to my mind
that they will not be sold so, but will be sold
in a body, since the law expressly authorizes
that mode of sale if it shall be deemed
most expedient. I wish to provide that they
shall be sold in subdivisions. Let me say to
the Senator from Kentucky that we have just
had a little chapter of experience on that sub-
ject. One reservation, occupying, less than
two townships of land, possessed by the Stock-
bridge Indians, has been sold under an act of
Congress which commanded the survey and
subdivision of the tract, the appraisal of each
tract, and then the sale at public auction, but
at not less than the appraised value. I am
told (but, I have not seen the reports of the
sale) that every single tract sold for more than
the appraised value, and yielded a much larger
sum to the Indians than anybody anticipated
the tract would command.
Mr. HARLAN. I would suggest that by
unanimous consent the Senator from Wisconsin
have leave to offer his amendment without the
formality of a reconsideration.
Mr. POMEROY. That is right, and it
ought to be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the suggestion is
agreed to by unanimous consent. The amend-
ment adopted on the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] is regarded
as open to amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I move to strike out the pro-
vision which authorizes the sale of the land in
body. In lines fourteen and fifteen of the
second section of the amendment, I move to
strike out "and also for the entire body
offered ; " and in the sixteenth line, the words
"the proposal for the entire tract, or;" and
in the seventeenth line the words, 11 as shall
be deemed best."
42d Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 147.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have looked over this
amendment while the Senator from Wisconsin
has been discussing it. I think it is clear that
it ought to be modified. There ought to be
an amendment striking out from linp fourteen
to line seventeen of the second section, and
also from line twenty-one to line twenty-four,
and then to make it harmonize provision
should be made for public sale after adver-
tisement, and these words should be inserted
in lieu of those stricken out:
It maybe sold in tracts not excec&ing one hun-
dred and sixty acres to one person at not less than
the appraised value.
It may not all be sold at public sale. I
offer the amendment which I send up.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out the following words in lines four-
teen, fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen of the
second section of the amendment adopted on
the motion of Mr. Steve\son :
And also for the entire body offered ; and he shall
be, and hereby is, authorized to accept the pro-
posal for the entire tract or the highest bids for
separate tracts, as shall be deemed best.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And if not sold at public sale it may be sold in
tracts not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres to
one person at not less than the appraised value.
Mr. HOWE. And after that it shall be
subject to private entry.
Mr. SHERMAN. That it may be sold by
the proper officer; and the whole effect of it
is that if the bids offered do not cover the
whole ground in severalty in small tracts at
the appraised value, then it may be sold by the
Secretary of the Interior at the appraised value
to any person who chooscs to pay the regular
appraised price. If the amendment I have
proposed be adopted, if the land remains
unsold at public sale, it will be subject then to
sale by the Secretary of the Interior at the
appraised value.
Mr. HOWE. I accept the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. FENTON. I think we ought to have
more time to consider this matter. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator from New
York withdraw his motion?
Mr. FENTON. For amotion. Senators say
we can have a vote within a few minutes ; and
if so, I withdraw it for that purpose.
Mr. HILL. I ask a favor of the Senate to
allow me to introduce a bill for the removal
of the political disabilities of an obscure man
who hasbeen elected the ordinary of the county
of Tabot, in the State of Georgia.
Mr. COLE. I must object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California objects.
Mr. HILL. It is only for the public service.
I do not know the man.
Mr. COLE. Can it not wait until to-mor-
row morning?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made.
Mr. HILL. I want to have this bill con-
sidered this evening. I will state to the Sen-
ate that I have performed the duty I promised,
that is. to see whether it would be objected to
or not. I have achieved my purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California objects. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio to the Indian appropriation bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is necessary also to
strike out another clause in the same propo-
sition. I move to strike out, commencing in
line twenty-one, the following words :
Or for the entire tract, which shall be less than
the aggregate appraised valae of the same, and of
all the improvements, if any, thereon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. T have an amendment to
offer at the close of line fourteen hundred and
fourteen, which has the approval of the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs; and
I also offer it after consultation with the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, and I suppose
theie will be no objection to it. The line t,o
which I offer the amendment appropriates
£500,000, about which we talked yesterday
and the day before, for the Teton Sioux.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
But this appropriation shall be expended for the
benefit of such portions of said bands only, and for
such time as they may maintain friendly relations to
the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
order of business.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 522, the coal bill.
Mr. FENTON. Let me ask what bill is now
in order? What is the next business in order?
Mr. RAMSEY. The postal code bill, I
thmk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
bill in order is the bill in charge of the Sena-
tor from New York, [Mr. FentomJ relative to
the customs service.
Mr. FENTON. I ask that that bill be con-
sidered before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Will not the Senator
from New York give way to me?
Mr. FENTON. After the bill is taken up
1 will give way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
reported by the Senator from New York is in
order, is the oldest special order, and is now
before the Senate.
Mr. FENTON. Now I have no objection
to giving way.
Mr. STEWART. I ask unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 522.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 10,1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctt,er, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
contingent expenses of state department.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting, according to law, a statement of con-
tingent expenses of the State Department;
which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
north providence, rhode island.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the House of April
3, 1872, in relation to a post office building
:it, North Providence, in the State of Rhode
Island; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered
to be printed.
CREEK ORPHANS OF 1832.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the acting Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in relation to an appropriation required
to restore to the Creek orphans of 1832 certain
funds to which they are entitled under the
treaty of March 24, 1832; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
dabnkst walker.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in com-
pliance with a request of the Committee of
Claims of the House, in relation to the case
