2338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
of Dabney Walker, for services as scout in the
Army of the Potomac; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
APPALACIIICOLA AND CHATTAHOOCHEE RIVERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War. in answer
to a resolution of the House of April 2, 1872,
in relation to the Appalachicola and Chatta-
hoochee rivers; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
CHARLES OIILE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in compli-
ance with the request of the Committee of
Claims of the House, in relation to the con-
tract made with Charles Ohle for forage at
Camp Floyd, Utah, in 1860 and 1861 ; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
COOSA AND TENNESSEE RIVERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in answer
to a resolution of the House of March 11,
1872, in relation to the Coosa and Tennessee
rivers; which was referred to the Committee
on Commeice, aud ordered to be printed.
HAST CHESTER CREEK.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in answer
to a resolution of the House of March 25,
1872, in relation to the cost of removing cer
tain obstructions in the East Chester creek ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com
merce, and ordered to be printed.
PROPERTY SOLD BY NAVY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in
answer to a resolution of the House, in relation
to property belonging to the United States sold
by any officer or agent of the Navy Depart-
ment since June 30, 1865; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be primed.
UNITED STATES TREASURY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a bill
for the relief of the Treasurer of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
COLUMBIA HOSPITAL FOR WOMEN.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to an appropri-
ation of $30,000 for purchasing a site for the
Columbia Hospital for Women; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
aud ordered to be printed.
BEAVER LAKE, INDIANA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of April 2, 1872, in relation
to Beaver lake, in the county of Newton, State
of Indiana; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
CO!.ON EL CUTTS' REPORT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the President of the United States, in
answer to a resolution of the House of January
14, 1872, transmitting a report from the Secre-
tary of State, in relation to the report made
by Colonel Cutts concerning the commerce in
the products of the sea ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, imported that they had exam-
iped and found truly enrolled bills aud a joint
resolution of the following titles ; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 131) to# change the
boundaries of the collection district of Brazos
de Santiago, in the State of Texas;
An act (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of
certain settlers on the public lands in Iowa
under the provisions of the homestead laws;
and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 117) to author-
ize the erection of a colossal statue of the late
Admiral Fa?ragut.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House additional papers
in the case of Whittemore vs. Herndon, and
in the case of Niblack vs. Wall; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. SLOSS, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave of absence for ten days
from the 5th instant.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave of absence until the
18th of April inclusive, commencing the 10th
instant.
SAMUEL BIRDSALL.
On motion of Mr. MITCHELL, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in connection with the claim of Samuel
Birdsall, captain company D, sixth Wisconsin
volunteers, for arrears of pension.
SERGEANT AMBLER.
On motion of Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the Committee on Military Affairs of the
papers in the ca >e of Sergeant Ambler.
FINDLAY PATTERSON.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of Fmdlay Patterson.
MASONIC LODGE IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
On motion of Mr. RAINEY, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the ease of Masonic Lodge, of Georgetown,
South Carolina.
MORNING HOUR.
Mr. BEATTY. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at twenty minutes past twelve o'clock
m., and reports are in order from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(H. R. No. 11) to abolish the franking privi-
lege.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides in its first
section that all laws and parts of laws giving
the right, to any officer or department of the
Government, or other person, to either send
or receive through the United States mails,
free of charge, any letter, document, or
other mailable matter, are hereby repealed.
The second section provides that this act shall
take effect on and after the 1st dav of Julv,
1873.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, this bill is simi-
lar to the bill that passed this House two
years ago. Since then there has been no
change in public sentiment in regard to the
abolition of the franking privilege. The same
reasons that existed then and called for its
abolition exist now. The franking privilege
was inaugurated at a time when the salary of
a member of Congress amounted to $800 for
the shoit turret and about fifteen hundred dol-
lars for the long term ; when postage was at
the rate of from ten, twelve and a half, and
eighteen and three quarter cents under four
hundred miles, and twenty-five cents for dis-
tances over four hundred miles; when the
country was not in a very prosperous condi-
tion, and when mail routes were tew and short.
If there ever was a necessity for the franking
privilege it was at that time, but that necessity
has passed away. The salaries of membets
of Congress aud Government officials have
been raised, postage has been reduced to two
and three cents for any distance, though our
mailroutes are far more numerous and lengthy,
there being now two hundred and thirty-eight
thousand miles of mail routes and over one
hundred and seven million miles of annual
transportation of mails.
It is said by some that if the franking priv-
ilege be abolished there will be no saving to
the Post Office Department; that no con-
tractor will be paid less for transporting the
mails, and no saving, aside from getting the
mails carried at a less piice. I cannot tell
whether they would be carried at a less price
or not. Applications have been made, and I
believe are now before Congress, asking for
an additional increase from fifty to one hun-
dred per cent, for carrying the mails, and the
argument urged on some of the routes is that
there are so many public documents loading
down the mails that they cannot carry them
at present rates. One railroad piesident
remarked that they did not get as much for
carrying the United States mail as they did
for carrying coal, for the reason the mails
were so loaded bown with free matter, public
documents, &c. Another argument in favor
of tins reform is that if the mails were free
from these heavy public documents there
would be more prompt transmission and de-
liveiy of mail matter, the mails being often
blocked with these public documents, and are
therefore frequently behind time. In refer-
ence to the objection "that nothing would be
saved aside from getting the mails carried at
a less price," I would state that when this
matter was before the House two years ago,
I ascertained from the postmaster of this
city that during three weeks, ten days of which
Congress was not in session, there had been
an average of over four tons per day of free
matter sent out from the city post office, the
postage upon which, if paid, would amount to
about two thousand dollars per day. This did
not include any other free matter that came
into the office during that time, and this is only
one of the many large post offices in the conn-
try through which franked mail matter passes,
aud has not decreased since then, but largely
increased. It is fair to presume that the post-
age on free matter that passes through other
offices would amount to as much if not more
than the above sum.
I bnd in the city post office about one hun-
dred persons employed, the great portion of
them at work almost entirely on free mailable
matter. I found when there that large office
piled full of bags containing tons of franked
matter, and was informed that this was a daily
occurrence. I found there a large number of
horses and wagons, with teamsters and others
bringing in and taking out free matter ; and I
think it safe to say that the postage alone, if
it was paid on all this free matter, would amount
to one or two million dollars or more per year.
The fraud and abuse of the privilege is veiy
great, and amounts to a large sum of money,
and is beyond the control- of the Postmaster
General.
In regard to the abuse of the privilege, it
increases rather than diminishes. When m
the dead letter office, a few weeks ago, I saw a
bag of law-books which was held for postage ;
it, was one of five bags sent several hundred
miles through the mails under the frank of an
ex-member of Congress; four bags had gone
through, and this bag having broken open, and
these law-books discovered in it, was sent to
