THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
as we find them in the statute-books. If it
takes one or two million dollars to enforce
this law, we have to appropriate the money
for that purpose so long as the law stands upon
our statute book.
■ The Representatives of the people of the
United States should vote all the necessary
appropriations for carrying out the laws of
the Government until these laws are decided
to be unconstitutional by the courts of our
Country or are repealed. Consistency in legis-
lation requires us to do that whether we
believe the law to be unconstitutional or not;
and I am astonished to find gentlemen on this
side of the House opposing the appropriation
on the grounds they have assigned. I make
these remarks in order that my vote on this
bill may be fully understood; and, while I
deem the law unconstitutional, no man would
vote more faithfully'appropriations to carry it
out than I will while it stands upon the statute-
book unrepealed.
Mr. BARRY. Mr. Chairman, I am not
much surprised that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] should oppose this appropri-
ation. But, sir, I am somewhat surprised at
the anathema which he has seen fit to hurl
agiainst the colored people of South Carolina,
knowing his pretentions, in common with the
rest of his party, of being their best friends.
Sir, when the colored people of the United
States were a source of strength to the Dem-
ocratic party, a hobby upon which they rode
into power for years, the gentleman and his
Democratic associates loved Mr. Colored Man
well enough. [Laughter.] But the moment
they become an auxiliary to the Republican
party, the grandest party that ever blessed
this or any other nation, he stands like others
ready to denounce the colored people of
South Carolina, and I presume of the South
generally. I am unable to understand how
the gentleman, without forfeiting every claim
to honesty and fair dealing, can oppose an
appropriation which has been made necessary
by the Democratic party itself. - But for the
infamous Brodhead letter which secured to a
certain gentleman a position upon the Dem-
ocratic ticket in the last campaign, the Ku
Klux law would have been unnecessary. I
speak from an experience of seventeen year's
residence in the South, and know of what I
speak. I am fully convinced that the people
of the southern States were willing to abide
by the results of the war and act in good faith
toward the Government, but when that letter
was circulated telling them that the recon-
struction acts were revolutionary, null and
void, they instituted their Ku Klux organiza-
tions ; and hence the law passed last session
was made necessary by the acts of the Demo-
cratic party itself. And this is still another
reason why the gentleman ought to be willing;
to pay the expenses incurred to the country.
And yet I am surprised that the gentleman
stands here ready and willing to defend his
friends, a number of whom have gone to the
penitentiary at Albany, New York, from South
Carolina. These men-whipping, women-out-
raging, throat-cutting, murderous scoundrels
always have and always will vote the Demo-
cratic ticket, and hence, again, I am not sur-
prised that the gentleman from New York, or
any other gentleman on that side of the House,
stands up here ready to defend thein and de-
nounce the poor men whom they held for years
in bondage and at the same time used as an
auxiliary to keep themselves in power year
after year; and now that these people have
the opportunity to throw the weight of their
influence in the other scale, they are fit sub-
jects only for the denunciation of these gen-
tlemen.
Let me say, in conclusion, to the gentleman
from New York thafthe people of the South
hold in as utter contempt that gentleman and
his supporters as he can possibly hold the col-
ored people of this country.
Mr, COX. Mr. Chairman. I ana utterly sur-
prised at the attack made upon me by this
gentleman; I beg his pardon, but I do not
remember what State he represents; I think
not South Carolina; perhaps Alabama or
Louisiana.
Mr. BARRY. I have the honor to represent
in part a State that the Democratic party have
never been able to assail on this floor.
Mr. COX. What is the name of the State?
Mr. BARRY. I have the honor to represent
in part the State of Mississippi, which even the
Democratic party on this floor has never been
able to assail.
Mr. COX. I appreciate the State of Mis-
sissippi ; it acted with a great deal of decorum,
and had a very honorable Governor, now I be-
lieve in the Senate. I heard a speech from him
the other day in favor of amnesty—Governor
Alcorn. I was very proud to hear him.
The gentleman has called me to account for
speaking harshly of_ the colored people of
South Carolina. I do not know what special
interest he has to defend the people of South
Carolina. I did not assail the colored people
of South Carolina exclusively. I referred to
the people of South Carolina, white and black,
and the gentleman must have heard me do it.
Because there was a little more emphasis
upon the word "black" than upon the word
"white," I could not help that in speaking,
because that was the climax, for there were
more blacks than whites in the State.
Mr. BARRY. Did not the gentleman say,
" especially the blacks?"
Mr. COX!. Certainly, I said so; and I repeat
it now. I have more respect for some blacks
than for some whites.
Mr. BARRY. The gentleman is not alone
in that.
Mr. COX. I have seen these colored men
come in here session after session, and I have
felt that they have shown a great deal of kindly
sympathy, not only toward their old masters,
but toward other white men in this House. I
have seen them vote for amnesty when white
members here were cherishing anti-Christian
malice in their hearts against their neighbors.
1 have never said a harsh word against a col-
ored member here. This side of the House
has never used an opprobrious epithet toward
them. I am proud to say that they have never
deserved it. I wish they would sometimes come
forward a little more promptly in defense of their
own race, instead of leaving these malicious
and selfish white men to defend them. I intro-
duced not long since a resolution in regard to
slavery in Cuba, and I would have liked to
have seen the colored men in this House come
forward in support of that resolution. Yester-
day when my colleague [Mr. Wood] brought
forward a petition from colored men who had
been outraged and despoiled by thefreedman's
friend, General Howard, why then did not
these special guardians of the wards of the
nation come forward, instead of sitting here
with the poor man's plaster over their mouths?
They had not a word to say about the colored
men who have been oppressed in this Dis-
trict?
I defend the colored men when they act
nobly and kindly, as they have in regard to
amnesty. I defend them here as I defended:
them at home. When the gentleman speaks
about Tammany, the only reproach I have
had against me in this House in connection
with Tammany is that I made a speech in
favor of the kind senator from my district,
Michael Norton. With my hearty concur-
rence, after the adoption of the fifteenth amend-
ment, he it was who introduced a bill in the
senate of New York, and carried it through
the Legislatnre, to wipe out all property and
other qualifications imposed upon the negroes,
and to leave them free to vote in that part of
the city where the largest number of the col-
ored people live; where the Zion church is
situated; where the great and good Dr. Gar-
nett preaches. In my district the negroes were
protected against all prejudice and violence,
even in that part of the city of New York which
is so much maligned.
I am proud to be able to say here, and to
let it ring all through the South, so that the
colored men may hear it and understand it
when they vote, that their worst, most malig-
nant, most inveterate, if not detestable ene-
mies here are some of those white men who
care nothing for-them except to gain their
votes, and dismiss them to the miseries of
their race,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it.
Mr. BARRY. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. BARRY. The last remark made by
the gentleman from New York is as true, if
not more so, than any other he made during
his speech. The gentleman says he has stood
up here in defense of the poor blacks in Cuba.
Would he make there a republic such as we
had in Mississippi and elsewhere in the South
at the close of the war, where there was a sys-
tem of peonage more damnable and fiendish in
its character than was the system of slavery
itself with all its horrors? Sir, if that is the
sympathy which he proposes to extend to the
suffering blacks of Cuba, I think his sympathy
is certainly ill-timed, and the Republicans,
either upon this floor or elsewhere in this
country, can very well appreciate its value.
We know very well the sympathy of that gen-
tleman and his party for the colored people of
the South since the war, to say nothing of their
feeling toward them during and previous to the
war.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my amendment
in order that the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Rainey] may renew it.
Mr. RAINEY. Mr. Chairman, I renew the
amendment. The remarks made by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] in rela-
tion to the colored pe&ple of South Carolina
escaped my hearing, as I was in the rear of
the Hall when they were made, and I did not
know that any utterance of that kind had
emanated from him. 1 have always enter-
tained a high regard for the gentleman from
New York, because I believed bim to be a
useful member of the House. He is a gentle-
man of talent and of fine education, and I
have thought heretofore that he would cer-
tainly be charitable toward a race of people
who have never enjoyed the same advantages
that he has. If the colored people of South
Carolina had been accorded the same advan-
tages—if they had had the same wealth and
surroundings which the gentleman from New
York has had, they would have shown to this
nation that their color was no obstacle to their
holding positions of trust, political or other-
wise. Not having had those advantages, we
cannot at the present time compete with the
favored race of this country; but perhaps if
our lives are spared, and if the gentleman from
New York and other gentlemen on that side
of the House will only accord to us right and
justice, we shall show to them that we can
be useful, intelligent citizens of this country.
But if they will continue to proscribe us, if
they will continue to cultivate prejudice against
us, if they will continue to decry the negro
and crush him under foot, then you cannot
expect the negro to rise while the Democrats
are trampling upon him and his rights. We
ask you, sir, to do by the negro as you ought
to do by him in justice.
If the Democrats are such staunch friends
of the negro, why is it that when propositions
are offered here and elsewhere looking to the
elevation of the colored race, and the exten-
sion of right and justice to them, do the Dem-
ocrats array themselves in,unbroken phalanx,
and vote against every such measure? You,
gentlemen of that side of the House, have voted
against all the recent amendments to the Con-
