1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4131
objects to my answering the question of the
gentleman from New York, of course I cannot
do it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio will fix the hour of adjournment at five
o'clock instead of at eight o'clock.
Mr. BING H All. I object to debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no ob-
jection to changing the hour if gentlemen
think it will accommodate any one.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then make it five o'clock.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I accept that
modification. I think myself that we can get
through all the necessary business by that
time.
The question was put upon the resolution as
modified, and there were—ayes 118, noes 25.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I yield for a
moment to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Dox.]
CHANGING LOCATION OP BANK.
Mr. DOX, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Banking and Currency, reported
back, with the recommendation that it do pass,
the bill (H. K. No. 2848) authorizing the First
National Bank of Annapolis to change its loca-
tion and name.
The hill, which was read, authorizes the First
National Bank of Annnpolis, now located in
the city of Annapolis, Maryland, to change its
location to the city of Baltimore, and to change
its name to the Traders' National Bank of
Baltimore.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
FOKT WALLA-WALLA RESERVATION.
Mr. MOREY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back, with the recommendation thatit do pass,
the bill (S. No. 608) to correct, an error in the
act appi oved February 24, 1871.
The bill was read. It provides that so much
of the act entitled " Au act to provide for the
disposition of useless military reservations,"
approved February 24, 1871, as locates the
military reservation of Fort Walla-VValla in
"Oregon," is hereby amended so as to read
" Washington Territory," the actual location
of said reservation.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
EMERIC SZASAD.
Mr. MOREY also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (S. No. 486) for the relief
of Brevet Colonel Emeric Szabad.
The bill was read. It directs the Paymaster
General to allow and pay to Brevet Colonel
Emeric Szabad the lull pay proper and allow-
ance of an aid-de-camp on duty in the field,
•with the rank of captain, from the 1st day of
April, 18(52, to the date of his muster, the
same being for actual services rendered in the
field.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. MOREY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLESK OF PEXSION COMMITTEE
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
the following preamble and resolution; which
were read, considered, and adopted :
Whereas the cleik of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions has been instructed to examine and briet
the evidence in claims referred to said committee :
Therefore,
Resolved, That his pay be continued during the
recess of Congress at the present rate of compensa-
tion.
MARY J . MORSE.
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 2961) granting a pension to
Mary J. Morse; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to j>lace on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Mary J.
Morse, widow of Dr. J. H. Morse, late a con-
tract surgeon in the Army, at the rate of sev-
enteen dollars per month from the passage of
this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
COMPENDIUM 01? THE NINTH CENSUS.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following eon-
current resolution, which was read, and, under
the law, referred to the Committee on Piinting:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That the Secretary of the Interior
be, and he hereby is, authorized and instructed to
cause to be prepared, with as little delay as practi-
j cable, a compendium or abstract of the ninth census,
for popular use and distribution ; and that he cause
to be published of the same eighty-five thousand
copies, fifty thousand for the use of the House, twen-
ty-five thousand for the use of the Senate, and ten
thousand for the several Executive Departments of
the Government, and for distribution among foreign
nations.
ASSIGNMENT OF PAY.
Mr. SLOSS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Revision of the Laws of the United
States to report a bill to legalize assignments
of pay of officers of the Army, Navy, and
Marine corps, and officers, clerks, and other
employes of the civil service of the United
States.
The bill, which was read, provides that when
an officer in the Army, Navy, or Marine corps,
or an officer, clerk, or other employb in the
civil service of the United States, shall assign
his pay or any portion of the same, it shall be
a part of the duty of the paymaster, disbursing
officer, or pay clerk by whom he is paid, to
accept the pay-receipt voucher, duly signed,
when presented, and pay the assignor without
extra compensation, when the pay so assigned
shall be due ; and repeals all laws or parts of
laws inconsistent with this act.
Mr. HOLMAN. That seems to be a very
important measure, and I trust the bill will be
again reported. There is so much confusion
in the Hall that it was not distinctly under-
stood.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be again
read. The Chair, however, must put in a
little plea for the reading cleiks at the end of
the session. On yesterday bills had to be
read four several times on account of confu-
sion created by members who were not listen-
ing. The reading clerks at the end of the
session cannot endure it. The bill will be read
again. _
The bill was agam read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do think that is not a
good bill. It seems to me it will give sharpers
an advantage over the employes in our civil
service.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me to say a word. This bill was fully consid-
ered by the Committee on the Revision of the
Laws, upon a very large petition of all Qlasses
of employes of the Government. The sub-
stance of the bill is this: it proposes to allow
an officer or a clerk to assign his pay, and
when it is so assigned to require the paymas-
ter or pay clerk without any additional compen-
sation, to pay according to assignment. The
difficulty now is this: the paymaster or pay-
clerk refuses to recognize sucli an assignment,
unless paid a royalty for so doing. Such an
assignment cannot pass anything against the
United States, and theietore sharps charge
five and even ten per cent, a month to men
who desire to get advances "on their pay. it
may be said that men should not ask advances
on their pay, but they will do it; and it is
best SO to fix it that while the United States
cannot lose anything the transaction shall be
a legal one, and employes be enabled to get
au advance at fair rates of interest. Now, it
is simply a system of robbery and of giinding
dowu the cleiks and officeis. It; the first
place, the pay clerk will not very frequently
pay unless he has a royalty. In the second
place, the assignment not being legal, immense
rates of interest and shaves are charged.
1 have in my mind one case where an em-
ploj6 of this House who was supporting his
lather, and was obliged to assign his pay
because the father required assistance, was
charged at the rate of five percent, per month.
Mr. POTTER. The difficulty seems to be
that the officer of the Government making
the payment will not have the name of the
assignee on the pay-roll, and will thus get his
accounts into confusion.
Mr. BUTLEU, of Massachusetts. There
is no trouble about that; the bill provides for
that. It requires the paying officer to enter
the name of the assignee upon his books and
pay so much as may be due.
Mr. S I'OUGHTON. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Massachusetts whether it
will not be demoralizing with respect to assign-
ors and injurious to the Government to allow
men to assign their pay before it is earned ?
According to this bill they can assign their
pay three years before it is earned. There is
no limitation whatever.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
that under this bill they can assign their pay
before it is due; but they cannot do any harm
to the United States. The Government will
not pay any more than has been earne 1.
Mr. AMBLER. I object to further debate.
Mr. SLOSS. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the bill.
The question being taken on the motion,
there were—ayes 50, noes 45.
So (two thirds not having voted in fa.vor
thereof) the bill was not passed.
THOMAS BOIiKE
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee
of Claims, with a recommendation thatit pa3s,
a bill (H. R. No. 2042) for the relief of Thomas
Burke, of Virginia.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
pay to Thomas Burke the sum of $1,100 11,
being amount due him for carrying the mail
on route No. 4382 from the 31st day of March, -
1861, to the 24th day of July, 1801, without
requiring the oath prescribed by the joint
resolution approved March 2, 1807.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Harris] give us some
explanation of this bill?
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. The party
who is entitled to this money cannot be paid
because he is unable to take the oath pre-
scribed in the joint resolution of March 2,
1867.
Mr. STEVENSON. Why should this man,
rather than other parties, be excused from
taking the oath?
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. The report
shows that the amount is due him according
to the official records.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, moved to recon-
