1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
144S
stitution, and the laws enforcing the same.
Why did you do it? I answer, because those
measures had a tendency to give to the poor
negro his just rights, and because they pro-
posed to knock off his shackles and give nim
freedom of speech, freedom of action, and the
opportunity of education, that he might ele-
vate himself to the dignity of manhood.
Now you come to us and say that you are
our best friends. We would that we could
look upon you as such. We would that your
votes as recorded in the Globe from day to
day could only demonstrate it. But your
votes, your actions, and the constant cultiva-
tion of your cherished prejudices prove to the
negroes of the entire country that the Democ-
racy are in opposition to them, and if they (the
Democrats) could have sway our race would
have no foot-hold here.
Now, sir, I have not time to vindicate fully
the course of action of the colored people
ni South Carolina. We are certainly in the
majority there; I admit that we are as two to
one. Sir, I ask this House, I ask the coun-
try, I ask white men, I ask Democrats, I ask
Republicans, whether the negroes have pre-
sumed l,o take improper advantage of the
majority they hold in that State by disregard-
ing the interest of the minorily? They have
not. Our convention which met in 1868, and
in which the negroes were in a large majority,
did not pass any proscriptive or disfranchising
acts, but adopted a liberal constitution, secur-
ing alike equal rights to all citizens, white and
black, male and female, as far as possible.
Mark you, we did not discriminate, although
we had a majority. Our constitution towers
up in its majesty with provisions for the equal
protection of all classes of citizens. Notwith-
standing our strong majority there, we have
never attempted to deprive any man in that
State of the rights and immunities to which he
is entitled under the Constitution of this Gov-
ernment. You cannot point me to a single
act passed by our Legislature, at any time,
which had a tendency to reflect upon or oppress
any white citizen of South Carolina. You
cannot show me one enactment by which the
majority in our State have undertaken to crush
the white men because the latter are in a
minority.
I say to you, gentlemen of the Democratic
party, that I want you to deal justly with the
people composing my race. I am here repre-
senting a Republican constituency made up of
white and colored men. I say to you deal
with us justly ; be charitable toward us. An
opportunity will soon present itself when we
can test whether you on that side of the House
are the best friends of the oppressed and ill-
treated negro race. When the civil rights bill
comes before you, when that bill comes up
upon its merits asking you to give civil rights
to the negro, I will then see who are our best
friends on that side of the House. [Laughter
and applause on the Republican side of the
House.]
1 will say to the gentleman from New York
that I am sorry I am constrained to make
these remarks. I wish to say to him that I
do not mind what he may have said against
the negroes of South Carolina. Neither his
friendship nor his enmity will change the
sentiment of the loyal men of that State.
We are determined to stand by this Govern-
ment. We are determined to use judiciously
and wisely the prerogative conferred upon us
by the Republican party. The Democratic
party may woo us, they may court us and try
to get us to worship at their shrine, but I tell
the gentleman that we are Republicans by in-
stinct, and we will be Republicans so long as
God will allow our proper senses to hold sway
over us. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew the amendment, not
that I think anything has been left unsaid in
the noble part which the gentleman from South
Carolina has taken in this debate, nor because
I think I can add anything to the hot words
which have fallen from him, and, my friend
from New York [Mr. Cox] will permit me to
say, upon his head.
Mr. COX. I beg to say to the House that
I did not speak about the gentleman from
South Carolina or his race. I wish to put the
gentleman from Massachusetts right in the
beginning. I spoke of the conduct of the
men, both black and white, who have had
the control and have ruined South Carolina.
I know there has been some little cheap
applause and foolishness; but the fact I stated
cannot be denied.
Mr. DAWES. I will do the gentleman
from New York entire justice. I have sought
the floor because the gentleman assumes to
play a new r61e here this afternoon, as his
colleague from New York attempted yesterday,
and that is, assuming to be the special guard-
ians and friends of the unfortunate race so
ably and properly represented on this floor by
the gentleman who has just taken his seat. It
has been the fortune of the gentleman from
New York, and of myself, to occupy seats in
this House during all the changes which have
come over that race in this country. He and
I have witnessed in this District, and so has
the other gentleman from New York, all the
changes-in the condition of that race from the
manacling of poor slaves across a pole who
were driven through Pennsylvania avenue as
mules driven to market, to the slave pens in
Alexandria. After that we witnessed the
legislation which struck the shackles from the
limbs of these people. Next after that came
the legislation which gave them citizenship.
Then we gave them the right to vote. Next
after that we witnessed the legislation by
which we gave them the power to elect the
mayor of the city of Washington. He and I
have been here under all these changes of the
law and of the Constitution by which one of
that previously proscribed race was allowed
to walk into the Senate Chamber and take the
seat of Jefferson Davis, from which he had
gone into secession and rebellion. During
all of these changes the gentleman from New
York knows that he and his party have had
no part or lot in that legislation. He and his
party have had no part or lot in the legisla-
tion which made the slave a freeman in this
District; which made him a citizen; which
made him a voter; which made him a freeman
in all of this land; which made him a citizen
of the United States and of the State in which
he was born ; which gave him the ballot; or,
in other words, which placed the colored man
where he now is. My friend as a legislator,
and his party have no part or lot in it.
He arraigns the Republican party on this
floor continually. I know their shortcomings;
I know they are not perfect; I know there are
men here and therein the Republican party in
office who do not bring credit to it. But with all
its shortcomings, with all the corruption which
lies against officers in its ranks, the gentleman
and his party have failed to convince the coun-
try that it would be better to take power from
them and give it to the Democratic party. I
commend it to him and his party as a matter
worthy of self-examination and reflection.
Why does the Republican party, with all its
sins upon its head, hold on to the public con-
fidence in spite of all the professions and com-
plaints against it which our friends make? In
spite of the proclamation of their own good
intentions, in spite of all the appeals to their
own record, still public confidence clings to
the Republican party rather than to them.
If my friend from New York [Mr. Cox] says
that the title which the Republican party has
to power is weak, I ask, is not the claim which
the gentleman and his party have upon it still
weaker? Are not the best of the record and
the best of the promises they make so dark,
so forbidding, so repulsive to the public mind
and the public judgment, that rather than trans-
fer power to them they will still hold on to the
Republican party, and still trust the fortunes
of this Republic and the welfare of its people
with them? Will my friend from New York
[Mr. Cox] inquire why this is? Let him bring
his intelligence and his reflection to bear upon
the matter, and he will find the reason why,
with all our imperfections, the public judg-
ment still is that it is far better that power
should be in our hands than that it should be
intrusted to those in spite of whom all this
past brilliant record has been made which has
brought up such men as the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Rainey] to that position
to which talent and ability entitle them.
I say, therefore, to my friend from New
York, [Mr. Cox,] that instead of thiscontirmal
cry against the infirmities and short-comings
of the Republican party, a little attention on
the part of the Democratic party to its own
defects and deficiencies may help it so to mend
its ways that in the time which is to come it
may be possible that that confidence which the
public now has in the Republican party will
be so weakened that even he and his party
may be trusted with power. But until that
time comes, every defect, every short-coming,
every official corruption which his eagle eye has
enabled him to ascertain in the Republican
party, without avail to him and his party,
should only be another argument to him to
heed his own ways and get upon such a moral
and political vantage-ground that he may be
able to profit by it. Until then, sir, I regret
as much as he can that it is possible to find
occasion for criticisms of the party in power.
But so far and so widely removed is the alter-
native that people shrink instinctively from
passing over to it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
a point of order. In behalf of my friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawjes,] I raise the point
of order that I am afraid he will kill himself
if he goes on. I wish to know how long ho
has a right to debate this question. He has
been speaking all the time during the last ten
minutes that I have been listening. I want
the same rule to be applied on both sides of
the House, and I therefore make the point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has indulged
gentlemen on both sides of the House during
this debate. But if the committee requires it,
the Chair will rigidly enforce the rule as to the
limitation of- debate on gentlemen upon both
sides.
Mr. COX rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that, so soon as the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] has finished the
reply he desires to make, debate on the para-
graph shall be closed.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. COX. I would not further take up the
time of the House on this matter were it not
for the extraordinary proceedings we had a
moment ago. The committee will remember
very well that I had no debate and made no
attack on the colored member from South
Carolina. I have made no attack on any gen-
tleman on that side of the House. I attack
the government of the State of South Caro-
lina. I do it upon authority. The minority
and majority reports on the Ku Klux made to
this House show, what is now patent to the
public, that that State has been badly and
sadly ruled both by black and white.
Mr. WALLACE. I rise to a question of
order. Is the government of South Carolina
on trial here?
Mr. COX. We are discussing a matter, my
good sir, about the judiciary.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] will address the Chair.
Mr. COX. I will take great pleasure i 
addressing the Chair. [Laughter.] I shall
not attempt to answer anything which fell
from the lips of the member from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Rainet,] who has gone out of his
way to make this attack upon me, and vrho
has received a little applause for making his
