1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23S9
the dead letter office. And again, it was not
long since several bags of large books from a
publisher in New York city were detected
directed for one of the great cities of the West,
franked by an ex-member of Congress. These
are among the few that are stopped while being
transported through the mails, but many go
unknown and reach their destination in safety.
I was informed at the Post Office Depart-
ment a short time since that the abuse was
greater than ever. To my mind there is but one
way to cheek this great evil; and that is, to make
all matter that passes through the mail pay
postage. The Post Office Department should
stand on its own footing, each Department of
the Government pay its own postage the same
as they pay for stationery, light, and fuel. The
Post Office Department should be relieved of
all incumbrances hanging upon it. This done,
I have no doubt it would not be long before it
■would pay its way, and two-cent or penny-post-
age inaugurated. Indeed, the Postmaster Gen-
eral has said if the franking privilege was abol-
ished he would be justified at once in recom-
mending a reduction in postage. It cannot be
denied that its abolition would save much
money to the Government in the printing of
public documents ; perhaps one million dollars
or more might be saved. Some of the Depart-
ments now employ several franking clerks at
a great expense to the Government, costing
thousands of dollars per year, which would
be saved to the Treasury if the franking priv-
ilege was abolished.
This question is very much agitated among
the people. State Legislatures and State con-
ventions have passed resolutions of late rec-
ommending its abolition. It is one of those
reforms that is demanded by the people, who
are watching closely the action of Congress in
regard to the matter. They look upon it as a
privilege granted to a favored few. There
should be tio privileged few at the expense of
the many. Why should thirty or forty thou-
sand of lie forty million people in the United
Sta.is be privileged or favored more than the
rfeet of the people? Not one in a hundred can
get a public document, for the issue is not
sufficient to supply all our constituents. In
the distribution of public documents it would
he much better if they were sent to those who
send for themdirectfrom the Department where
issued, and no one who desires a copy but
would willingly pay the postage for the book.
This Congress can do no better act, and one
that will meet with greater approval of the
people, than the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege, and 1 trust the better judgment of the
House will prevail and pass this bill.
It will be remembered it was defeated in the
Senate two years ago by only one vote, and I
trust the changes that have occurred there
since the bill was before them are such as
will favor the passage of this bill should it
come before them. Mr. Speaker, '[ would
not only favor the passage of this bill, but
I would also favor the passage of a bill
reducing letter postage immediately to two
cents, and eventually to one cent on all letters
under half an ounce, and reducing postage on
all printed matter in proportion. I believe, as
1 remarked when advocating the post-card bill,
if we were to make a bold move aud inaugu-
rate one-cent postage to the country it would
not be long before the revenue from postage
would be as large, if not larger, than at pres-
ent. The cheaper the postage and the greater
the facility for creating correspondence, the
greater the number will be who take advantage
of it.
i believe it has been proven in all countries
whenever postage has been reduced it has gen-
erally increased rauher than diminished the
revenue to the Post Office Department. In
Great Britain the two-cent, rate postage with-
out the franking privilege yields a much
Greater revenue than the three-cent rate post-
age of the United States with the franking
privilege; but whether we adopt it now or not,
it is only a matter of time when it will take
place in this country, and the abolition of the
franking privilege will be the stepping-stone
to the accomplishing of the other great reform,
penny postage.
Mr. Speaker, I have advocated the abolition
of the franking privilege for years, simply be-
cause I have felt it is neither right nor just. It
is not right in principle under a Government
like this ; a great Government that should lead
off rather than follow on behind other- Gov-
ernments in this great reform. The queen of
England and officials of that Government pay
their own postage, and why should not the
officials of this Government pay their postage
as well? It is humiliating that we hold on to
a usage given up and dropped so long ago by
other nations. I hope the bill will pass.
I yield for ten minutes to my colleague on
the committee, the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Carroll.]
Mr. CARROLL. This bill is entitled " A
bill to abolish the franking privilege," audi
apprehend that those who are now in the en-
joyment of that privilege would be glad to be
relieved of its benefits if they could also be
relieved of the burdens it imposes upon them.
At the organization of this Government, re-
publican in form, it was understood and believed
by itsfounders that the utmost publicity should
be given to its proceedings, and that the freest
communication between the people and their
officers and representatives should be estab-
lished and maintained; and for that purpose
all communications between the Representa-
tives and the people were made transmissible
through the mails free of postage. That was
the origin of the franking privilege—a privi-
lege not to the officers of the Government,, but,
to the people ; and this privilege, 1 apprehend,
was never intended to be the privilege of any
others than the people themselves, It should
exiet and be used only to encourage and keep
up a free communication between the mem-
bers of the Government and the people whom
they represent.
So far as the privilege comes to be a benefit
to the members of the Government themselves,
it is in contravention of the original theory.
The benefits members derived from it weie
never intended to be anything but an incident
to its exercise. This privilege was not given
to the people, but was preserved by them in
the organization of the postal system. The
mails are carried at their expense, and they
were to be taxed for their support. Why
shouldthey not be used freely for the people's
benefit ?
That this privilege has been abused by mem-
bers of Congress and other officers of the Gov-
ernment Ithink there can be no question. So
far as that abuse is concerned, it should be
remedied by proper legislation; and if it is
necessary to effect that remedy to deprive
them of the privilege entirely, I have no ob-
jection to its being done ; I would favor it.
And I apprehend that is the view of many of
those who exercise this privilege, and against
whom so much prejudice has been created in
the public mind, on account of the personal
benefits they are supposed to derive from the
exercise of it,—a, prejudice that has been in-
creased, inflamed, and fermented, until the
community have come m a measure to regard
this great, privilege of the people as simply a
privilege or source of profit to the members
of Congress.
But, as I said, Mr. Speaker, I apprehend
that every man upon this floor, and every mem-
ber of the Senate, who now exercises that privi-
lege, would, so far as it affects himself, be glad
to have it abolished if he eould also be relieved
of the immense burdens which it imposes upon
him. What member of Congress is not com-
plaining daily of the immense amount of labor
that is imposed upon him by the use of this
franking privilege in correspondence with his
constituents, and in transmitting to them free
of charge the public documents which are
printed by order of Congress, to be distributed
among the people, and which are inteuded
to give to the people a history of the proceed-
ings and transactions of the Government in
all its departments?
It has come to be a custom in the use of
this franking privilege that he is charged with
the distribution not only of these documents,
but even with the distribution of such seeds
and plants as the Agricultural Department has
by scientific investigation and experiment
found to be useful and valuable to the people
and the great agricultural interests of the coun-
try. There is thus imposed upon members of
Congress a burden which is very onerous in-
deed, while the personal benefit they derive in
the way of franking their private communica-
tions is but nominal. I apprehend there is
not a single member upon this floor who would
not be glad to exchange these slight incidental
benefits for a relief from its burdens, aud pay
one hundred fold m addition.
But, sir, this privilege is the privilege of the
people, instituted for the purpose of giving
the utmost publicily to the proceedings of the
Government, aud bringing the people into
close and immediate communication with their
Representatives, that they may have an op-
portunity of watching well their acts arid hold-
ing them to strict accountability. It operates
not only to diffuse such intelligence among
the people, but as a restraint upon their Rep-
resentatives, who are thus brought constantly
under the immediate view aud surveillance of
the people whose servants they are. I be-
lieve, sir, that it is essential to the maintenance
of republican institutions that the utmost pub-
licity should be given to the proceedings of
the Government, and that every facility possi-
ble should be instituted and maintained for
keeping up a close and constant communica-
tion between the Representative and his con-
stituents. This Government is not like the
monarchical Governments of the Old World.
There the official holds his place in a measure
independent of the people—holds it, not by
their consent, but by some other supposed right.
They act not as the representatives of the
people, but in accordance with their own
will, and they may well be anxious to conceal
their acts from the people. It is not strange
under these circumstances that such Govern-
ments should prohibit or impose a tax upon
free communication between themselves and
the people.
If it was desired to overturn this Republic,
and to establish upon its ruins a monarchy,
what would be the first thing to be done to
accomplish it? Why, the first blow struck
would be to cut off communication between
the people aud the Government, to destroy the
publicity of its acts aud proceedings ; aud thus
to create a sort of close corporation operated
in accordance with its own will and without
the consent of the people. When that was
accomplished, little more would remain to be
done to establish upon the ruins of the Repub-
lic some form of a personal monarchical gov-
ernment. And, sir, permit me to say that
now, when the tendency toward centralism is so
strong, it is important that, the Representatives
of the people should see that this privilege,
which is the people's, and not that of mem-
bers of Congress, should be faithfully guarded
and protected from encroachments. I may
mention here, Mr. Speaker, that one of the
results of the passage of this bill, which I
ought, to have mentioned before, would be to
abolish at once the free circulation ot local
newspapers, which has for years been permit-
ted within the counties where they are pub-
lished. That would operate to cripple it not
to destroy the publication and circulation of
such papers, one of the home interests which
ha%'e come to be regarded with peculiar in-
terest.
Now, Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of
adapting this bill to the views that I entertain
in regard to the franking pnvd<-ge, deeming it
