496
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Alabama Claims—Mr. Roberts.
42'd Cong....2d Sess.
a sad and bitter disappointment if we imagine
that it will be the means of inducing England
to recompense us for the losses she inflicted
upon the United States during the late rebel-
lion, or of compelling her to do in the future
what she has never done in the whole course
of her history, to honestly fulfill her treaty
obligations, or abide by the requirements of
an honorable neutrality.
Thehistory of our treaties with Great Britain
is a very strange one, and not at all flattering
to our national pride. Our victories over her
have been in the field of arms, perhaps also in
the field of commerce at times, but certainly
never in that of diplomacy. And whether it
is that our statesmen are less astute than those
of Great Britain, or that the fault lies with the
national authorities, and that they are afraid to
demand of England the fulfillment of her treaty
obligations, and hold her, if necessary, at the
point of the bayonet, to the strict L-tter of the
bond, I know not; but this I do know, that we
always come out second best.
In 1814 we concluded a treaty without set-
tling or mentioning the original cause of the
war; and the commissioners sent by the Uni
ted States to Europe to negotiate the treaty,
on the intimation of Great Britain, were left
unnoticed for six months, and it was nearly
twelve months after their arrival before the
treaty was signed.
In 1818 we concluded another treaty with
Great Britain in relation to those fisheries
about which we have again entered into fresh
negotiations, granting very important privi-
leges, for what we claimed the first treaty
secured to us, the right to fish within three
miles of the Canadian coast, and not three
miles of the headlands or promontories, as she
claimed.
In 1846 we ceded Vancouver Island by
adopting the forty-ninth parallel, and even
then she claimed the island of San Juan ; and
although our right to it is clear, we now enter
into another engagement to leave the question
of ownership to royal arbitration.
In 1850 we abandoned, at her dictation, the
right to acquire territory on the Isthmus of
Panama, over which at the time we had to
travel to our possessions on the Pacific. This
demand in itself was a most impudent pro-
ceeding, and one, in my opinion, that should
never have been tolerated much less assented
to by the United States; but we yielded, as
usual, whether through a desire for peace
with—to use the fashionable falsehood of the
day—our blood relations, or through fear of
her overestimated military and naval power,
I will not say; but whatever may be the cause,
our defeats at the hands of British diplomats
are painfully and notoriously evident, and
equally so the fact, which 1 desire to mention
in this connection, as it may in part furnish an
explanation, that with certain portions of our
republican parvenues—I use ttie word in no
party sense-—the presence of a titled aristo-
crat acts upon them like a galvanic battery;
and it would be impossible for the most ardent
disciple of monarchy to display more obse-
quious servility or profound admiration for
the scion of a royal house than these model
(sic) citizens of a model Republic; and it
looks to many as though at the very time
the people of Europe were beginning to de-
spise royal tyrants and their titled aids many
of the so-called leading citizens of the Ameri-
can Republic were commencing to worship
them and their vices.
Before entering further on the subject which
I propose to discuss, I desire to say that I
approach it with a very profound sense of my
obligations as a citizen of the United States
and a Representative in Congress of the sov-
ereign people thereof, bringing to its consid-
eration a mind and heart uninfluenced by a
thought or feeling inimical to the interests, tbo
honor, or the happiness of the American peo-
ple. For three and twenty years I have lived
beneath the flag of my adoption, loving and
honoring it, and at all times and under all
circumstances rendering to it and the Repub-
lic of which it is the symbol as true a devo-
tion and as loyal an allegiance as that of any
man who was born, or whose fathers were
born, upon American soil. And apart from
my desire to see all countries, especially the
beauteous island of my birth and love, prosper-
ous and free, I have not a national aspiration
which does not point with pride and hope to
the liberty, the greatness, and the perpetuity
of the American Republic.
It is true, I am not a friend or admirer of
the English nation. I could not be one or the
other without being false to that love of human
kind which God has implanted in my heart.
I have seen and studied the practical workings
of her government from the Shannon to the
Ganges, and from the Thame's to the Mohawk.
I have read her history in the light of her
deeds, and found it one long record of the
darkest crimes which have ever stained the
career of a nation ; and therefore I am neither
a friend nor an admirer of Great Britaiu.
Others, perhaps, may see in the false glitter
of her spurious civilization, surrounded as she
is by wealth coined from human bluod, and
power built upon hypocricy and oppression,
much to admire and imitate. 1 see and know
her as the scourge of the human race, and
believe that next to the curse of her rule no
greater one could afflict a people than the
curse of her influence or example.
It is but a few weeks ago that the English
historian Froude published in an English mag-
azine an article on the internal condition of
England. His pen pictures of his country
are neither flattering to her people nor assur-
ing as to her future status as a great Power.
In speaking of the condition of the working
classes he does it with great care and deli-
cacy, lest a too candid exposure, coming from
him, would have an injurious effect abroad.
He says :
" The infinite wretchedness produced by tlie
presentstate of thingsought not to pass for nothing.
It has become not uncommon in these days to hear
of miserable fathers and mothers, unable alike to
support, their families or see them starve, destroy-
ing their children and themselves, and making an
end of their troubles thus. The old Devonshire
woman with eight hungry mouths about her and
nine shillingsaweckto feed them lookswith envy on
the Lord's mercy to her neighbors whose babies die
in arms, and sighs out, ' We never have no luek.'
But this callousness itself is frightful, and is one of
the main causes of the enormous mortality. Omit-
tingfor the present thosewho are starved and those
who are murdered, and confining ourselves t,o the
great bulk of infant mortality, let us ask if any
means exist by which it can be successfully encoun-
tered; encountered I presume it ought to be, if possi-
ble. We have not yet wholly outgrown the idea that
there issomethinginhuman life more sacred than in
the livesof animals; a murrain among cattle is con-
sidered a sufficient subject for an act of Parliament."
In a work published in 1863, written by an
Englishman named Kay, bachelor of the
University of Cambridge, on ibe social condi-
tion of the English people, a fuller glimpse is
given into that which Mr. Froude barely hints
at, and I venture to say that it reveals a
depravity unexampled among ancient or mod-
ern nations. So shocking and so revolting are
the revelations that it would be difficult to
believe them were not the facts supported by
the most conclusive evidence. It appears
that in the towns the poor are' in the habit
of entering their children in what are called
burial clubs ; and a small sum is paid every
year by the parent, and this entitles him to
receive from three ta five pounds on the death
of the child. One man in Manchester has
been known to enter his child in nineteen
different clubs ; another instance in the same
place came to light where a family had seven
children registered in ten clubs, and they only
liv$d from six to nine months respectively.
The town clerk of Stockport says that he had
no doubt infanticide was practiced to a con-
siderable extent in that borough : in one case
where the father had poisoned his three chil-
dren; in another case a woman named May
was convicted of having poisoned fifteen of
her own children, and previous to her execu-
tion she said that if she were to tell all she
knew it would give the hangman work for the
next twelve months. The London Times on
the 21st of September, 1848, declared that it
was capable of the most extensive proof that
numbers of women had adopted the practice
of poisoning their husbands and children for
the purpose of obtaining the fees granted by
what were termed death lists. A collector of
cottage rents in Preston stated that "almost
all the ehildren of the families where he
collects are memb'ers of burial societies."
Another collector said:
" The poor people have often told me that they
were unable to pay at that time, but when a certain
member of the family—generally a child—died, they
would be able to pay. In a small town where there
were two thousand names entered on the death lists
a leading officer stated that three fourths of the
names on the catalogues of the doomed were the
names of children."
Five eminent physicians in one locality tes-
tified that '• while the deaths of children aver-
aged fifty-six per cent., and in some cases
sixty-five percent, only thirteen per cent, of
them had the doctor's help, although it might be
had tor the asking." These are only a few out
of the numberless similar incidents which could
be given, all going to show the most revolting
state of society which exists any where ou
earth; for, in the language of the author:
"Mothers forget their affection for their helpless
little offspring, and kill them as a butcher does his
lambs in order to make money by the murder."
And yet, in the face of these appalling facts,
there are people to-day, well-meaning people,
so ignorant of the character and history of
the people and Government of Groat Britain
as to believe the pharasaical assertions of her
press; that England's morals are superior
morals; that her love of justice is as unbounded
as her administration of it. is admirable ; that
when she plunders a people she does it to save
their property, and butchers them in the inter-
ests of civilization ; and that t.he England of
to-day is governed by higher moral principles
than the England of one or two hundred years
ago. And during our late civil war Lord John
Russell reechoed this idea in the House of
Commons, by declaring that he thought the
celebration of the 4th of July by Americans
'"a very foolish custom, indeed, as the pres-
ent generation of Englishmen had nothing
to do with the events which called it forth,"
thereby implying that they would not be guilty
of the enormities which their fathers com-
mitted during our struggle for independence.
But as Warren Hastings said, when accused
of the crimes for which he underwent a mock
trial, "If I have plundered the people of
India of their lands and money, let the Gov-
ernment restore thein, they have both; they
can make restitution;'' whoever heard of
that nation making restitution, or restoring its
plunder? It is a favorite plea of Great Britain,
when her past crimes are charged against her,
to plead leformation of character, moral de-
velopment, and her piogressive ideas in bar
of her past offenses, and as evidence that her
national characteristics have undergone a
change for the better. I have already par-
tially shown how much truth there is in this
defense by a cursory glance at her present
social condition ; and did the limits of a speech
permit, I could prove an equal state of mora!
degradation pervading nearly all classes of her
society, from the lowest to the highest, ay,
from the beggar to the prince, by the daily
records of her own press, and the guarded and
partial warnings of her leading citizens.
Having glanced at the social and moral eon-
