1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
549
thus impoverished, and having suffered great
losses—and I undertake to say that some of
our Michigan lumbermen have suffered greater
losses in dollars and cents than an equal num-
ber of men in the city of Chicago—are com-
pelled to cut these trees while the life is de-
stroyed this winter or they will be utterly worth-
less next Hence, the lumbermen of Michigan,
Wisconsin, and Minnesota are this winter com-
pelled not only to make up these terrific losses,
but to put a double force in the pine woods in
order to save the lumber that would otherwise
be utterly useless next year.
Now, sir, this measure is striking a direct
blow at these men who have actually suffered,
very many of them certainly, to an equal
extent with any of the sufferers of Chicago.
There will be next year, it is estimated, in the
State of Michigan double as much lumber
necessarily put into the streams as ever was
putin there before ; and now what do you pro-
pose to do? You do not propose to make up
any of the loss of these suffering lumbermen,
but you propose to add to their loss by taking
off the slight moiety of protection that has
heretofore been granted them in their busi-
ness.
If this measure is to pass I desire to put on
"the city of Manistee,"a city of some thousands
of inhabitants, that was literally destroyed in
the pine woods by these fires. I shall move,
when the proper time comes, that the city of
Manistee be added to this measure of relief;
and after that J. shall move that one or two
other cities be likewise added to this measure
of relief, in order that equal and exact justice
may be done.
Mr. CARPENTER. Peshtigo.
Mr. CHANDLER. Heave that to my hon-
orable friend from Wisconsin. Peshtigo was
utterly destroyed, a thrifty city of several thou-
sand inhabitants, and more than seven hun-
dred of her people lost their lives in an hour.
In Michigan, whole families who were fleeing
for their lives would get into a wagon and drive
with all speed, and after the fire had passed,
all you would find was the wagon-tires and a
few bones in the road where they were left.
It is beyond human conception. You would
hear a roar, and like the sirocco this fire would
pass over the ground, leaving not a living thing,
and there was never a set of people left so
utterly, absolutely, hopelessly destitute as were
those people in the lumber woods of Wiscon-
sin and Michigan.
Mr. CARPENTER,. Mr. President, I shall
Support the bill advocated by the Senator from
Illinois, and J shall support the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Michigan. Now,
the fact is that the personal suffering, in pro-
portion to the numbers of persons involved,
was far greater in the States of Wisconsin,
Minnesota, and Michigan than in the city of
Chicago. The fire in those States fell upon a
poorer, an agricultural community, and the
loss is one which capital cannot immediately
repair; arid if we are to take the matter into
consideration, as there seems to be ft general
disposition to do in favor of sufferers at Chicago,
there is certainly no reason why the same
relief should not be extended to the sufferers
in these other States. I shall therefore vote
for this amendment and vote for the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I must confess, sir, that I
have been somewhat surprised at the remarks
made in reference to the amendments which
are proposed to this bill. The tendency of
them would seem to indicate that this bill was
antagonistic to the interests of Michigan and
Wisconsin. There certainly can be no antag-
onism between the sufferers of Chicago and tbe
sufferers elsewhere. I introduced this bill early
in the session, copying it verbatim, from two
hills which were passed for the relief ot Port-
land. Maine, in I860. I did not suppose there
would be any opposition at all to it, either by
way of amendment or otherwise. A few days
ago I tried to impress the Senate with the fact—
whether I made it clear or not I am not capa-
ble of determining—that there was a distinction
between a calamity that was of so extraordin-
ary a character as to make it national in its
effects and a calamity which was merely local,
which was not in any way national in its effects;
a calamity that disturbs the lines of comtniltti-
cation, a calamity that cuts off the resources
and supplies of a great community, that inter-
feres with the moving along of governmental
affairs or the welfare of the country, becomes
a national calamity. But that calamity which
is the destruction of a small town, tillage, mill,
or house, no matter of what extent, is local in
its character, because it does not disturb the
commercial communications, the commercial
relations of the country, and does not affect the
nation, but affects merely a locality. I tried
at least to draw that distinction and make it
clear.
So far as the demands of humanity are con-
cerned, they apply equally to the small suf-
ferer as they do to the large sufferer ; and so
far as sympathy is concerned it goes oat from
the bosom of humanity toward those people
who suffered in Wisconsin, in Peshtigo, and
the places in Michigan, the same as it does
toward the sufferers at Chicago ; bat there is
a wide difference, so far as the effect upon the
nation is concerned, between a national Calam-
ity and a local calamity.
I am perfectly willing to advocate any prop-
osition that my friend from Wisconsin may
offer to the Senate in behalf of the sufferers
of Wisconsin; and so with the sufferers of
Michigan ; but I must say to these Senators
that if the principle of this bill is applicable
to the sufferers in their States, it would be
certainly very easy for them to have offered a
bill of relief for their constituents, without in a
manner seeming to antagonize the bill that I
have offered for the benefit of my constituents.
The argument of the Senator from Michigan
is of a twofold character. First, he sympathizes
greatly with the sufferers of Michigan; also
with the sufferers of Chicago; but at the same
time he argues that the passage of this bill will
have an effect deleterious upon some of his
constituents.
Mr. CHANDLER. Sufferers.
Mr. LOGrAN. Yes, sir, your constituents
were sufferers. Now, if this bill affects them
injuriously, then certainly he is not for it. If
the effect of this bill is to injure the sufferers
of Michigan, the Senator from Michigan is not
for it. Hence, the proposition to amend it from
him comes not from its friend but from iu
enemy. This bill, as a general proposition,
applies to building materials for the restora-
tion of the burnt district of Chicago. Some
Senators desire to specify the materials. Why,
sir, there are none of us here who can specify
all the different articles that compose building
materials; and if we attempted to do it we
might leave out the most important items.
The passage of this bill will have this effect:
it will prevent combinations to put up the
prices of brick and other articles which are
necessary in the rebuilding of the burnt district
of Chicago.
I discussed this measure as well as I could a
few days ago, and I do not desire to detain the
Senate now. I presume, however, it was not
of sufficient importance to Senators to read
my argument, and there were certainly not very
many in attendance to hear it. I was not com-
plimented so highly as some other Senators
have been in having the attention of the Sen-
ate at that time. Hence, I presume that they
have not investigated this case as thoroughly
as I have done. Now, I would say to the
Senator from Michigan, and the Senator from
Wisconsin, that if they should introduce a bill
in favor of their constituents who are sufferers,
if they are scattered all over the country, I
presume a bill of this character would not well.
be applicable to thetn, hut if there are to*hS
or places in those States where these material^
can be imported for rebuildihg, I should Havg
no objection to providing for them, and I trould
support it. _ But if they come id a irwfitier
evincing a, disposition to antagonize thife bill, I
certainly desire that it may either be" frdtfed d|>
or down on its own merits, and let this pas§ as
it is unless some amendment absolutely nSeesi-
snry to perfect it shall be proposed. I Will
vote for the bill of the Senator from Miehigaft
if he will introduce it; I will vote for the bill
of the Senator from Wisconsin if he #111 Intro-
duce one as a separate measure, but the idea
brought out by the argument of the Seti&tdt
frota Michigan is that taking off the duties froiii
articles used in buildifig houses in Chica£6
within twelve months from the passage of this
bill will affect, whom ? Affect the luinbei-meri
of Michigan.
I am sorry if this is the spirit in whieh is to
be met the appeal of one hundred and te'ii
thousand people of a great city that has been
reduced to ashes, so that men who were worth
millions Hte to-day penniless. They ask to
have a bill passed that will prevent combin-
ations" tb extort high prices frftm fherii for
building materials in that city to reinstate it
in its original shape &nd condition. I should
be very sorry if there were a man in this
country who, at the time he extends his hand
to do a just and prefper act for tbe benefit of
such a locality, turns around and say, " This
may possibly affect some man in my district,
because lie must Cut down a tree this winter
that was scorched by the flames during the
summer!"
Sir, a more magnanimous spirit actuated
the colleague of the Senator from Michigan
when this disaster fell upon Chicago. The
Senator's colleague [Mr. Ferry] was m Chi-
cago at the time of the fire. He is a g'fe&t
lumber dealer there. He and his conipany
own one of the largest lumber-yards in the
city of Chicago. How was he actuated to
perform his duty toward the distressed and
suffering of that City? When the lumber mer-
chants met, together, £nd it was proposed that
they should act generously toward the people,
What Was the first proposition ? That lumber
be advanced four dollars per thousand at once,
so that the sufferers should have to pay four
dollars a thousand in advance of the previous
price for lumber. What did the young Sen-
ator from Michigan say ? He said, "No, gen-
tlemen ; my lumber shall not be increased
one cent; I will sell at the original price."
And he was the only man who stood there and
offered to sell his lumber to the sufferers at
the price he usually sold it at; bat the argument
of the Senator -front Michigan [Mr. Chand-
ler] would justify adding four dollars to the
usual price of lumber ill Chicago and making
the people pay it. For what purpose ? B'or
the purpose of benefiting a lew of his con-
stituent at the sacrifice of my constituency.
Is that generous ? Is that magnanimity ? Sir,
I would perform no such act toward the Sen-
ator's constituents. Let him introduce his
bill for the reduction of taxes, or any other
relief for the sufferers in his State, and I will
never ask a question whether some constitu-
ent of mine will have the ninetieth part of
one per cent, to pay in the way of taxes. 1
will ask no such question.
Sir, I ask of the Senate that this bill may
stand or fall on its own merits. We ask in
round terms that the duty be taken off all
building materials to be absolutely used in
buildings within twelve months from the pas-
sage of this bill, confined within the burnt
district of Chicago, to be used not outside but,
inside that district, that to-day is lined by the
blackness of the remains of the fire. That is
all we ask—nothing more and nothing less.
The attempt of gentlemen here to designate'
the particular articles, stone, lime, &c., off
