1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4133
accept that amend-
What has become of my
Mr. STEVENSON. I will hear it.
The Clerk read the amendment as follows:
In the first section of the substitute, line eight,
after the word "coal," insert the words "or iron "
Also, in section three, line , after the word "coal'"
insert the words " or iron."
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest to the gen-
tleman that iron is covered by the general law.
I must decline to admit that amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I offer the following
amendment:
Add at the end of the bill the following:
Provided, That this actshallnotapply to Alaska.
Mr. STEVENSON. I accept that amend-
ment. I yield to the gentleman from Massa-
chasetts [Mr. Ames] to offer an amendment.
Mr. AMES. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Add the following proviso to the bill:
And provided further. That nothing in this act shall
be construed to authorize the taking of any lands
granted to any railroad company.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1
ment.
Mr. CHAFFEE.
amendment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who has
charge of the bill has declined to admit it.
The question is on suspending the rules and
passing the bill with the amendments which
nave been admitted.
The question being put, there were
forty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to say that I
see the propriety of having a bill like this con-
sidered more maturely than can be done now,
and hence I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to, two thirds having
voted in favor thereof.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. With the concur-
rence of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, who is now in his seat, I
move that the House take a recess until seven
o'clock this evening.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
55, noes 74.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 81, noes 81.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How doesthe Chair
vote?
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes "ay,"
and the motion is agreed to.
The House accordingly (at twelve o'clock
and twenty-seven minutes p. m.) took a recess
until seven o'clock p. m.
-ayes
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House re-
sumed its session at seven o'clock p. m.
HALL OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise
for a moment to a personal explanation, which
will take buta moment. In offering the resolu-
tion which the House passed yesterday, raising
a special committee to attempt some alteration
in this Hall, I by no means meant to reflect
upon the very able and competent Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds; and I now
rise simply to ask the House to permit the
reference to be changed from the special com-
mittee, composed of five members, to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. RANDALL. Would it be in order to
move to add the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] to that committee for this
service ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
very much obliged to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] but the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds is an
amply able committee for the purpose. I was
not aware of its constitution under the rules.
Mr. GETZ. 1 believe I can state on behalf
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds that it will be very happy to have
the cooperation of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts in regard to the subject-matter of
this resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. He may have some plan
tha.t may be useful to them.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts can accept the suggestion and
serve whether he chooses or not. The Chair
will add his name to the committee.
MESSAGE FROM THE.SENATE,
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its Clerks, announced that the Senate
had voted to rescind the concurrent resolu-
tion directing the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives
to declare their respective Houses adjourned
without day on Monday, Juue 3, at twelve
o'clock m.
Also, that the Senate had appointed Mr.
Pratt a member of the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 616) to release to
the State of Indiana the lands known as the
bed of Beaver lake, in Newton county, in
said State, in place of Mr. Morton, excused.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the
amendments of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 757) to authorize the ap-
pointment of certain officers in the quarter-
master's department.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the
amendments of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 754) granting the right of
way through the public lands for the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph in Florida.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the
amendments of the House to the bill (S. No.
382) to provide for a building for the use of
the Federal courts, the post office, and internal
revenue and or,her civil offices in the city of
Little Rock, Arkansas.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the
amendments of the House to the bill (S. No.
13) for the relief of Fanny Kelly.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a concurrent resolution for
the printing of one hundred thousand copies
of the compendium of the census of 1870, of
which twenty-five thousand should be for the
use of the Senate, fifty thousand for the use of
the House, and twenty-five thousand for the
Department of the Interior.
Also, that the Senate bad concurred, with
amendments, in the concurrent resolutions of
the House in regard to the printing of twenty-
five thousand copies of the case presented by
her Britannic Majesty to the tribunal of arbi-
tration constituted under the treaty of Wash-
ington.
Also, that the Senate had concurred, with an
amendment, in the resolution of the House for
the printing of the British counter case.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 699) fixing the salary of
the United States attorney and United States
marshal for the district of Nebraska ;
A bill (S. No. 142) to relieve Charles J.
Faulkner, of West Virginia, from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States; and
A bill (S. No. 986) to settle land titles in the
State of Iowa.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment bills
of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2937) making a transfer
of a pension appropriation from one fund to
another;
A bill (H. R. No. 2851) to provide for the
restoration of the records of the proceedings
of the court of inquiry concerning the opera-
tions of the army under the command of
General Don Carlos Buell in Kentucky and
TonnossPP ' and
A bill (H. R No. 2683) to grant additional
compensation to the marshal of the district of
South Carolina for the period of four months
and ten days.
The message farther announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments disagreed
to by the House to the bill (H. R. No. 2822)
to reduce the duties on imports, and to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes, dis-
agreed to the amendment of the House to the
amendment of the Senate on page 36, agreed
to the conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Sherman, Mr. Mor-
rill of Vermont, and Mr. Bayard, managers
of the conference on the part of the Senate.
INVESTIGATION 01? INDIAN FRAUDS.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Indian
Affairs the following:
Resolved, That the resolution of the House, passed
January 8,1872, instructing the Committee on Indian
Affairs to make and report an investigation into
frauds against Indians, be continued during this
Congress, and that the Committee on Indian Affairs
may, in pursuance of said investigation, send a sub-
committee of its members to the Indian territory
during the vacation ol Congress.
That is absolutely necessary. And I will
say to the House that the investigation made
up to this time has not cost the Government
one farthing.
Mr. HOLMAN. How large will be the
sub-committee?
Mr. SHANKS. I suppose the committee
will decide that. You can put it in this reso-
lution if you please.
Mr. DICKEY. Make it three members.
Mr. SHANKS. Very well; I will modify
my resolution so as to provide that the sub-
committee shall not exceed three members.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
DECORATION DAY.
Mr. DUELL. by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 158) to
establish the 30th day of May in each year a
public holiday; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
SCHOOLCRAFT'S HISTOltY OF INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for reference to the Com-
mittee on Printing a bill relative to School-
craft's History of the Indian Tribes.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be read.
The preamble of the bill states that the
celebrated book known as Schoolcraft's His-
tory, Statistics, Condition, and Prospects of
the Indian Tribes of the United States is out
of print, and scarcely a copy can be found in
any library, public or private, in the country ;
and that Mr. Foley, of this city, has the ori-
ginal plates and copyright of the work, and is
preparing an edition to be printed and neatly
bound in morocco. The bill therefore directs
the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of
the House of Representatives to contract with
said Foley for two thousand copies of said
work at a reasonable price.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to that resolution.
Mr. STEVENSON. I merely ask for its
reference.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to its reference.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask leave to intro-
duce a bill for reference.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I merely wish it
referred to a committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. Well; that is all I
want.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask leave to report a bill
from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
Mr. ARCHER. I hope the gentleman will
not object.
Mr. STEVENSON. There is no quorum
here; in fact there is only one wise man in
the House.
Mr. DICKEY. That means me, I suppose.
I will withdraw my objection to the bill of the
