X
1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323T
Mr. KERR. I rise mainly to say that what
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has stated in regard to the representa-
tions made before the committee corresponds
precisely with my recollection on that subject.
Bat in addition to what he has said, and
in addition to what has been said by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] I
want to call the attention of the House to the
very remarkable fact that during the last year
there was collected upon leather called bend,
or belting, less than $1,000 in gold. Hence,
this proposed reduction will take only $281
out of the Treasury. It is to me a matter of
amazement that any gentleman 
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman tell
us how much was the amount of duty received
on imported sole leather? For this item
strikes down the duty on that article also.
Mr. BURCHARD. The whole amount of
revenue received during the last fiscal year
from the articles named in this paragraph was
$497.
Mr. KERR. I am right in my statement.
The whole reduction made by this provision
of the bill is but $281. Now, if so little of
this article has ever come into competition
with the domestic product of like character, I
ask, why shall we continue the duty at all ?
This article ought to be as free as any in the
world. The best evidence that an article has
no business in the tariff is the fact that it pro-
duces no revenue to the Government; that,
in other words, the duty is simply prohibitory
of importation. But beyond all that we have
the fact that if these articles were free there
would still be no importation, because this
country in every part and section produces all
these things; and the natural protection en-
joyed by the domestic producer is so great
that the foreign product can never come into
successful competition with our immense na-
tive production. To a large extent every com-
munity in this land produces its own leather.
I think, therefore, that instead of increasing
the duty above the recommendation of the
committee, these articles ought to be made
free.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move as an amend-
ment to the amendment to strike out " fifteen"
and insert ''twenty-five." Mr. Chairman, the
arguments coming from a certain quarter in
this debate invariably and instinctively are to
keep on the duties, to retain them on all those
articles which we do not produce in this coun-
try and cannot produce, which we bring in
from other countries where the climate and
other conditions are such they can alone fur-
nish them, while every product of our own
soil, of our own looms, mills, and shops is to
be admitted, they tell us, free. It was salt ;
and now leather is to be brought into competi-
tion with our own tanners scattered all over
the country from the sea-board to the mount-
ains.
I ask gentlemen interested in any of the
industries of this country to look at this one
fact. It would open our markets to the whole
world in competition with our own skill, our
own industry, and it would close them and
place heavy duties on them when we seek to
bring in the products of other soils which can-
not be produced here. Why is it gentlemen
instinctively, as if by inspiration, whenever an
article is to be brought from Liverpool, Man-
chester, Birmingham, or anywhere else in the
British kingdoms, or from Canada across the
1'ne, make it free and let it come in without
any restriction whatever? If they were their
legal representatives in this House, they could
pot more instinctively and truly represent those
interests than they do. I submit our own
labor is to be considered before the labor of
England, of Belgium, of France, or of any
Other nation of the world.
We are told we enrich our own people. I
trust in all conscience they do get, rich. Iam
glad to build up all parts of my country. I am
not one of those holding narrow and con-
tracted views who would look at the pros-
perity of my neighbors as so much taken out
of my own pocket. With those who look by
comparison upon the prosperity of their neigh-
bors as so much taken away from them 1 have
no sympathy whatever, and I trust I have no
other desire than to hail the prosperity of all
classes of our citizens in every section of the
country. It is an argument addressed ad in-
vidiam, when we hear the argument addressed
on the tariff that somebody somewhere in this
country is making a livelihood by the produc-
tion of a certain article, and therefore we are
to admit it free of duty.
Now we have the cry for free leather. Are
we to go to the tanner, and the men engaged
in preparing the barks for tanning, and those
engaged in the various preliminaries to the
great work of making leather, and tell them
we will allow to come into competition with
them the whole world and so crush out their
industries ? Are we to tell them that free leather
is to come into competition with them from
Canada and elsewhere ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. MAYNARD. But one word more.
There are two distinct sides to this discussion.
I advocate one and the gentleman from lu-
diana another. It is a question for the House
to determine which shall prevail, whether the
American policy of protecting American in-
dustry shall prevail, or the policy of protecting
the industries of all the world except only the
industries of our own people. I now withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. BURCHARD. The statement made by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Dawes] is a sufficient answer to
the remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee.
There is no industry in this country which asks
for a continuance of the present duty. The
tanners themselves told us that if the duty on
hides were reduced, or hides were made free,
they would be satisfied with ten or fifteen per
cent, on leather. The committee put in this
bill the duty at the highest rate which the
tanners asked. The present rate of duty is
absolutely prohibitory. The whole production
of the country amounts to millions of dollars,
while the duty paid into the Treasury is in-
considerable. But I think it is unnecessary to
consume the time of the committee discussing
this subject.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, I merely desire
.to add a word or two to what I have said
already, and mainly in reply to the suggestions
of the gentleman from Tennessee. He com-
plains that by some kind of inspiration or in-
stinct I always raise my voice here against
bounties demanded by protectionists. I con-
fess I do instinctively oppose everything of
this kind, and I do it, I believe, because it is
the result of an instinctive love for honesty
and equality on my part. In this I make no
invidious distinction against anybody else, but
I have an instinctive hatred of bounties, an
instinctive dislike of everything which tends
to build up special privileges, or to give par-
ticular advantages to any class of the commun-
ity, or to have any favorites in making laws.
The gentleman from Tennessee in all these
respects differs from me. From some motive,
whether instinctive or otherwise, I do not care
which, he always rallies to the support of
monopolies and to take the part of favored
classes against the people. That is what I
complain of. He does not like to pay taxes any
more than other people.' Then, why does he
so zealously insist on imposing these taxes on
others ?
I want to give the people of this country,
forty millions of men, women, and children, the
cheapest leather that it is possible for them to
get. I want, for that purpose, to open to them
the markets of the whole world.
I contend that there inheres in the very idea
of personal liberty a right in every human
being to buy these things wherever he can buy
them cheapest. And therefore it is that I
oppose this idea of bounties under all circum-
stances. It is wrong, it is oppressive, it is
unjust to the people. Why should I be com-
pelled to pay some man on the sea-board
twenty-five cents more on a pound of sole
leather than I would have to pay him if there
were no duty at all? Why should I be com-
pelled to pay him one penny more for it than
I could buy it for if there were no protection ?
If I always paid that additional twenty-five
cents, or single penny, to the Treasury as
honest tax for revenue, I would not complain.
But I do not. I am compelled by such a duty
as this to pay it as bounty to my fellow-citizen,
or nearly all of it, at least more than four
fifths of it. It is to this outrage that I object.
I want to protect the whole people against the
payment of anything but honest tax.
It becomes then a question of simple hon-
esty, of fair dealing, of common right, which
goes right back to the very foundation of the
Government. I say you have no right to im-
pose any such duty, except for revenue. When
it fails to produce revenue, as this has failed,
and the public records show that it has failed,
why should we continue its operation for the
mere purpose of enabling somebody, enabling
a few men interested in a monopoly, to charge
an additional price for those articles of uni-
versal consumption and demand? That is the
ground on which I object to the amendment.
1 hope I am understood. It is not a question
of labor or wages of labor. This tax will not
add a penny to wages of a single laborer in
America, but it will augment the incomes of
some wealthy protected manufacturers. Other-
wise, why do they want the tax ?
Mr. DAWES. I call lor a vote.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like simply to say
to the gentleman from Indiana that the tan-
neries are not, as he supposes, on the sea-
board.
Mr. KERR. The protected tanneries are
on the sea-board ; those in the interior are not
protected.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew the amendment
which I withdrew for the purpose of saying
that the great slaughter-houses 
Mr. DAWES. Is any further amendment
in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to the
amendment being withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxahd.] The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. KellhyJ
moves to strike out, ''fifteen" and insert
''twenty." The gentleman from Tennessee
moves to amend that by striking out " twenty "
and inserting "twenty live."
The question being put on Mr. Maynard's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
The question was next taken on Mr. Kel-
ley's amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question was next on Mr. Keli.ey's
motion to strike out the paragraph.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 now move to strike out
the word " fifteen " and insert the word " sev-
enteen."
I offer that amendment that 1 may have
an opportunity of telling the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerk] that, it is not at the sea-
board that the great herds of cattle are raised ;
it is not at, the sea-board that the bark is
found for the American tanneries. The cattle
and the bark are found in the western and
southern States, and the tanneries are theie
and not upon the sea-board.
Mr. KERR. It is at the sea-board that the
plunder is collected.
Mr. KELLEY. So blinded is the gentle-
man by his theory that he foigets the most
obvious facts, those which surround him, and
