1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2841
It is not my privilege to boast that the let-
ters which come to tne have generally the
postage paid; I think lean say that the majority
of them come free. This franking privilege
is one which exists for the benefit of the peo-
ple. If I thought the people wanted it abolished
I would vote with all my heart for its aboli-
tion, not as a mere piece of demagogy, but
because, as I have suggested, (and I doubt not
I speaK the sentiment of every member of
Congress,) the so-called franking privilege is,
so far as members are concerned, anything but
a privilege. It entails so much labor, expense,
and cart! upon us, that none of us would desire
it tor himself.
But, sir, whence comes all this cry for the
abolition of the franking privilege? It comes
from the metropolitan press, which is anxious
that it shall be the only organ of communica-
tion between the Representative of the peopie
and the people; which is anxious to crush
down every local newspaper that now goes iree
within the county of its publication; which is
anxious to hold in its hands the character and
position of every public man, so that by asso-
ciated telegrams and by associated slander
and scandal it may crush down any man, with-
out allowing him the means of vindication be-
fore his constituents or before the people.
This cry for the abolition: of the franking priv-
ilege comes from nowhere else.
It is true, that a large number of petitions
for the abolition of the franking privilege came
up here during the last Congress ; but how
were they gotten up? The petitions m printed
form were issued from the Post Office Depart-
ment by an expenditure ol the public money ;
these printed forms were sent to the various
postmasters throughout the country to have
them returned with signatures. There being
many thousands of postmasters, a sufficient
number of petitions came back here signed to
make a respectable show, each postmaster
thinking it bis duty to send back as many as
possible, feeling that to disregard the intima-
tion of the Department in this matter might
cause him to lose his office.
For one, I shall vote against the abolition
of the franking privilege, i think 1 voted for
it before ; but if 1 did so, it was with the dis-
tinct understanding, which everybody else had
in this House, that if we voted to abolish it
the Senate would not concur, and it would be
all right. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. I yield three minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Storm.]
Mr. STORM. Mr. Speaker, I hope we shall
be able at this session of Congress to abolish
the franking privilege. I have received from
persons residing 111 ray district a number of
petitions asking for its abolition ; and these
come from gentlemen having no connection
with the "metropolitan press." I believe, sir,
that the abuses of which the people compiain
are inherent in the very system; that it is
utterly impossible tor us so to amend it^ that
the franking privilege shall be continued in an
unobjectionable form. Unless <ve abolis'i the
whole system we cannot prevent the frauds
which are now practiced.
I do not say that I am not in favor of some
such amendment as that proposed by my friend
fiom New York, [Mr. Potter,] under which
public documents such as the Agricultural
report or the report of the Commissioner of
Education may be sent free to the people ;
but I am in favor of the abolition of the priv-
ilege as it is now exercised by members of Con-
gress. I believe that this abolition will not
uiily effect a great saving of expense to the
Post Office Department, but will also largely-
save exivnse in our Public Printing Office.
There would be fe.ver public documents printed
if we knew that they muse be sent out at the
expense or those who may wish to send them.
There is nov/ printed a great mass of public
documents which no one cares to read ; tliey
are sent throughout the country at great ex-
pense to the Post Office Department without
benefiting anybody.
We all know that this privilege is now
abused in various ways. It is well known
that members of Congress now make use of
the franking privilege not only to send such
things as come legitimately within the law,
but for every conceivable kind of business,
for electioneering purposes and for all other
purposes to which it can be applied. It is
notorious that in election times members fre-
quently have a stamp made in imitation of
their frank which they allow to be used by
unauthorized persons. Because the system is so
liable to abuse, and is so constantly abused, I
am in favor of its repeal. If the heads of
Department!! and members of Congress do not
now receive enough salary, let them decline
nominations and appointments. The Post-
master General tells us there would be a sav-
ing to his Department, of §5,000,000 by the
abolition of this privilege. White we are
talking about reform in the other Departments
of the Government, let us do our share here.
Mr. HILL. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. POTTER. Does not the gentleman
from New Jersey admit my amendment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has ad-
milted no amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will not the gentleman
from New Jersey allowan amendment contin-
uing the froe circulation of newspapers within
the county of their publication?
Mr. HILL. I cannot admit any amend-
ment. Let the question be taken on the bill.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes twenty, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The SPEAKER. It will now be the duty of
the Chair to recognize those gentlemen who
have indicated their desire to offer amend-
ments.
Mr. CARROLL. I now offer my amend-
ment, to add to section two of the bill the
following:
Provided, That this act shall not apply to or pro-
hibit the sending or receiving through the minis,
iree of charge, potitionsto Congress, and such docu-
ments, publications, or books, a-; have been or may
be published, procured, or purchased by order ot
either House of Congress, or a joint resolution of
the two Houses thereof.
Mr. POTTER. I move to amend by add-
ing to the bill the following as additional
sections:
Sec. 2 That there shall be prepared and issued
bv the Post Office Department, to the President ot
the United States, to each head of Department, and
to the Cleik of the Senate and the Clerk of tne
House of Representatives, proper stamping-ma-
chines, which machines shall print or impiess the
name of the Department or oflicer uuag the same,
respectively, and the nature of the matter to be sent
thereunder, (as " Depurl'mont ot iho lateiior. Agri-
cultural lleport," "Executive Oitice, 1 resident s
Message," and the like.) and the date or other
proper device, us the Postmaster General may
direct, which stamps shall be used by the Depart-
ment or oflicer to whom the tame may be issued,
respectively, only lor the purno.se oi stamping all
hooks, documents, and other official matter issued
from such Department or othce, respectively, in-
cluding in the use of the same, by the beoretary ol
the Senate and Oierk ot" the House of Representa-
tives, all reports and speeches made in their respect-
ive Houses. And such stamping-machines shall be
used for no other purposes than as aforesaid, and
all matter so stamped shall thereupon pass through
the mails without requiring further stamps or charge,
and the postage uymi all books, papers, documents,
correspondence, anil other public niatterso stamped
snail be charged by the Post Office Department to
the Department or oflice issuing the same, respect-
ively, and the a,mount so charged shall Do delrayed
by such Departments and officers out of appropria-
tions to be made therefor by Congress as part 01 the
incidental expenses of the Government.
gi'O 3, That anv person who shall toi-ife or counter-
leit'Yuy such official postage stamp or stampmg-
maciiiue, or who shall counterfeit any die or plate
tbcrcioi, or who shall make or print, or knowingly
use or sell, or have in his possession with intent to
use or sell, any such false, forged, or counterfeit die-
plate, stamp, or stamping-machine, or any paper,
wrapper, or envelope stamped by any talse. torged,
or counterfeit die-plate, postagestamp, orstampmg-
machine, or who shall authorize or procure torn:
made a.ny such official die-plate, stamp.orstamping-
machine, without the special direction ot therOEt
Office Department, or who. after the same have been
prepared, shall with inteDt to defraud the revenue
of the Post Office Department, deliver any such offi-
cial dies, plates, stamps, or stamping-machines to
any person or persons other than such as shall be
authorized to receive the same, by instrument of
writing duly executed under the hand of tho Post-
master General and the seal of the Post Office De-
partment, shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed
guilty of felony, and be punished by a fine not ex-
ceeding $500, or by imprisonment not exceeding five
years, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
Mr. POTTER. I propose to call the pre-
vious question on my amendment; but I will
first yield to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Harris,] who wishes to offer an amend-
ment ill favor of free newspapers.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I move to
amend by adding to the amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Potter] the
following:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be 80
construed as to repeal or in anywise change the law
as it now exists in regard to tbe seudmg of news-
papers liee by the publishers thereof.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Potter] accept this as a
modification of his amendment ?
Mr. POTTER. I am willing to accept the
amendment as a modification of my proposi-
tion, to come in at the end of the third sec-
tion ; and I now demand the previous ques-
tion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
30, noes 89.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SARGEN L\ I move to recommit the
bill and pending amendments.
Mr. RANDALL. Have the amendments
been printed ?
The SPEAKER. They have not.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I suggest that they
be ordered to be printed.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the bill and
pending amendments be ordered to be print-
ed, atid that they be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the motion will be
amended so that the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads will have leave to report
back at any time.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make that morion, for
if that be not done the recommittal of the bill
kills it for this session.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not yield to the mo-
tion to report at any time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I shall demand the
yeas and nays on the motion to recommit, for
without the privilege of reporting at any time,
to recommit the bill is to kill it.
Mr. SARGENT. The bill and amendments
have got the whole matter iuto such confusion
that it is impossible for the House to disen-
tangle and understand it this morning with so
few minutes of the morning hour left.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no confusion
about it; and 1 demand the yeas and nays on
the gentleman's motion.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
thirteen ; not a sufficient number.
Mr. BEATTY demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were refused.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill and amendments were ordered to
be printed and recommitted to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill and amendments were
recommitted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MliSiAGK FROM THIS SENATK.
A message was received from the Se.nate,
by Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying
., tbe House that that body had adopted the
jj reoort, of the committee of conference on the
|| disagreeing votes of the two Houses on tie
