1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
497
42d Cong....2d
Alabama Glaims-
Boberts.
Ho. OF EEPS.
dition, I will now refer to a, few of the events
in the career of this nation about whom so
much romance in the way of history has been
written. Truth should never be lost sight of,
for by keeping it steadily in view we may ben-
efit by its lessons and avoid evils which may
otherwise befall usj and if there is a nation on
earth that more than any other has need to
study the truthsin that history, and lay their
teachings to heart, and store them up in mem-
ory, it is the people of the'se United States.
, The earliest authentic history of the people
of England described them as rude barbarians
dwelling in huts, and, like the Indians of this
continent, subsisting mostly on the fruits of
the chase. This was in Caesar's time, some
half a' century before the Christian era, and
the fact is noted that they were given to com-
merce with neighboring nations, and that their
chief exports were slaves and dogs ; showing
that even in comparison with our Indian tribes
their character as savages would suffer, for
they not alone made slaves of their own breth-
ren, but sold them to other nations with their
dogs. This continued for eleven hundred
years after the period named, and the historian
Lingard, their own countryman, tells us that as
late as the eleventh century their chief ciimes
were."homicide and theft," (traitsof charac-
ter which they have most faithfully preserved
to the present day,) " and that the purchase
of slaves publicly prevailed, like cattle in the
market; and like the savages of Africa, not
alone theirown countrymen,but their relations
and friends were sold as slaves in the ports of
the continent."
In the tenth century we find an English king
fiving secret orders to his officers throughout
is kingdom to make arrangements for a gen-
eral massacre of his Danish subjects, which
took place on the festival of St. Brice, Novem-
ber 13, 962, aggravated, as the historian says,
by every insult and barbarity which national
hatred could suggest. Three years after Wil-
liam the Conqueror ascended the throne he
sent his soldiers into portions of the country
with orders to "spare nothing," and in York
over one hundred thousand of the inhabitants
fell victims to his commands. Henry I, the
sou of William, had the' eyes of his elder
brother put out lest he should seize the throne
that of right belonged to him. In the twelfth
century we find them murdering the Jews in
the city of London, and the Catholics during
the Lord George Gordon riots in 1780.
In Ireland, from their first foothold to the
present day, they have pursued a policy which
outside of the infernal regions has no coun-
terpart. .
■ During Elizabeth's reign the people were
hunted and shot like wild beasts, and revolts
were encouraged in order to afford pretexts
for massacre and plunder, and Lord Grey,
the governor of Ireland, wrote to the queen
that " her Majesty would soon only reign over
ashes and dead bodies." In "a similar spirit
Burgoyne wrote to George III, two centuries
later, irom his camp at Putnam creek, New
York:
# " Xt is on the field of battle that the ministers of
justice and revenge will await these obstinate reb-
els; and desolation and famine, and the horrors
with which these two plagues are attended, will
complete their destruction.,r
©tiring the reign of Charles I, orders were
sent to the English army in Ireland " to kill,
massaere, and extinguish all rebels, their ad-
herents, and; connection's; to burn destroy,
pillage, consume, and . demolish all places,
cities, and towns; all crops, wheat or hay,
which may be found; to kilt and destroy all
male individuals which may be found in the
same places." At this time an English ship
captain , Seized a vessel "with seventy Irish on
board who were flying to the continent, and
after tying them back to back, flung them
into the sea. ' •
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 32.
A Colonel Mathew tracked a hundred and
fifty poor peasants into the woods, where they
fled tor shelter, and massacred them as though
tbey were mad dogs. An island named Magee
was inhabited by a simple-minded and indus-
trious people who took no part in politics, and
in obedience to the orders from London it
was invaded, and three thousand individuals,
men, women, and children, were butchered in
cold blood.
Cromwell carried on the work of his pred-
ecessors, and on entering Wexford in 1640,
which was peacefully surrendered to him, he
put to the sword all whom he could find, not
excepting three hundred women, who had
gathered in the market place, around the sym-
bol of the Christian's faith, to implore for
mercy, an attribute of God which the English
nation was never known to exercise. She
may spare her victims through fear, policy, or
interest, but never through the heavenly attri-
bute of mercy.
English government in Ireland furnishes a
perfect epitome of British rule and policy
wherever her power extends and her inter-
ests call forth the exercise of her selfish
and brutal instincts.
India furnishes another chapter of her bar-
barous history unparalleled in the history of
ancient or modern nations. I will give one
extract of Burke's speech on the trial of Warren
Hastings to show the kind of investigation she
establishes and the way she dogs it:
" These boards, real or imaginary, not being dis-
covered by menaces and imprisonment, they fell on
the naked bodies of the people. They began by
winding cords around the fingers of the unhappy
freeholder* of these provinces, until they clung to
and were almost incorporated with one another, and
then they hammered wedges of iron between them,
until, regardless of the crios of tho sufferers, they
had bruised to pieces and forovercrippled their poor,
innocent, and laborious hands; the most substantial
and leading yeomen, then responsible farmers were
tied two and two by the legs together, and their
tormentors throwing them with their head down-
ward over a bar, beat them on the soles of theirfeet
with rattans until the nails fell from the toes, and
then attacking them at their heads as they hung
downward they beat them with sticks and other in-
struments of blind fury until the blood gushed out
at their eyes, noses, and mouths. At night these
poor, innooent. sufferers wore brought into dun-
geons, and in the season when nature takes refuge
in insensibility from all the miseries and cares which
wait on life, they were throe times scourged and
made to reckon the watches of tho night by periods
and intervals of torment. They were then led out
before the break of day and plunged into water, and
while their jaws clang together with oold and their
bodies were rendered infinitely more sensible, the
blows and stripes were renewed upon their backs,
and then delivering them over to soldiers they were
sent into farms and villages to discover where a few
handfuls of grain might be conoealed."
Children were scourged to death in the
presence of their parents; the father and son
were bound together naked face to face, so
that the blow which escaped the one would be
sure to fall upon the other; and, finally, to
use Burke's own words:
"Growing from crime to orime, refined by oruelty
for cruelty, these fiends at length, outraging sex, de-
cenoy, and nature, applied lighted torches and slow
fire; these infernal furies planted death in tho source
of life; and where that modesty, whioh more than
reason, distinguishes men from beasts retires from
view, and even shrinks from the expression, there
they exercised and slutted their unnatural, mon-
strous, and nefarious cruelty; there, where the rev-
ercnoe of nature and the sanotity of justice dare not
to pursue nor Venture to describe their praetioes."
_ And yet this man Hastings was justified in
his crimes by the House of Lords, and loaded
with fortune and honors; and England' gov-
erns to-day the country which Hastings plun-
dered and oppressed. She governs it as he
did, with fire and sword and famine, and
when the outraged and insulted natives find
their burdens and their sufferings too griev-
ous to be borne, and in the frenzy of despair
seek the last resort of outraged manhood to
avenge the desecration of their homes, the
murder of their kindred, and the spoliation
of their country, they are tortured, butchered
by a hireling soldiery, and blown from the
mouths of cannon as a punishment and an
example; while the wealth wrung 'from the
primitive toil and helplessness of a once brave
and simple-minded people largely contributed
to maintain a nation whose flag has been steeped
in the blood of patriots wherever it has been
planted, and whose drum-beat as it rolls around
the globe is echoed by the curses of the human
race.
Encouraged by the successful operation of
British civilization in India, in Ireland, in
China, and wherever England could gain a
foothold or find a pretext to plunder, she
commenced in 1651, during Cromwell's reign,
to make the American colonies, pay tribute to
her necessities by passing navigation laws,
which were designed to check the infant com-
merce of the colonies, and reenacting them
in 1660, on the accession of James II. Iu
1719 the House of Commons declared that
erecting any manufactories in the colonies
tended to lessen their dependence on Great
Britain.
In 1732 heavy duties were imposed upon
colonial iron sent to Englaiid, &nd in 1750 it
was declared that all manufactories of iron and
steel in the colonies should be considered a
common nuisance, to be abated within thirty
days, or pay a fine of $1,000, and even the
Carolinas were forbidden to cut down their
pine trees or to use their wood, tar, and tur-
pentine for commerce. In a similar manner
England destroyed the commerce and the
manufactures of Ireland, and rendered worth-
less the great manufacturing capacity and min-
eral resources of that country. The fisheries
also came within the prohibition, and in March,
1775, lawswere passed forbidding the catching
of fish on the banks of Newfoundland, thus
destroying an industry which employed four
hundred ships, two thousand shallops, and
twenty thousand men.
These and similar measures failing to extraet
funds and keep the colonists in subjection, the
argument of the sword was tried, and lest that
should fail, barbarities which make men blush
for human nature were resorted to. India had
just been conquered through such means, Ire-
land had repeatedly undergone various stages
of their enforcement, and they were thoroughly
civilized according to the most improved Brit-
ish standard. The torch, the sword, the jibbet
had notably triumphed in their cases. Why
should they not succeed with the American
colonists? What rights had American rebels
against British laws and British interests aud
British civilization any more than Indian rebels
or Irish rebels? Clearly none that Britons
were bound to respect, and hence the savage
tribes were called in as the worthy allies of Brit-
ish civilizers ; and where Tarlton and Tryon
and Burgoyne failed to exterminate, let Brant,
and St. Leger, and Johnstone complete the
work of desolation and murder.
It is of course unnecessary to repeat the
well-known fact that the most just and liberal
and humane British nation carried on a regu-
lar trade with the Indians in human scalps,
and in the captured baggage of Burgoyne's
army eight packages, numbering one thousand
and ten scalps, were found. Accompanying
the packages was a letter from an officer in
his Majesty's service addressed to the Governor
of Canada. It ran as follows:
" May it please your Excellency, at the request of
the Seneca chiefs, I send herewith to your Excel-
lency eight packages of scalps, cured and dried
hooped and painted, with all the Indian triumphal
marks, of which tho following is invoice and explan-
ation.,f
Hdre follows a description' which is too
lengthy to repeat. I will simply state that of
the one thousand and ten scalps three hun-
dred and fifty-nine belonged to farmers, one
hundred and seveQty-five to Women, forty-three
of soldiers, one hundred and ninety-three of
boys, two hundred and eleven of little girls,
