2342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
bill (H. R. No. 622) granting a pension to
Richard B. Crawford.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and a joint resolution
of the following titles, without amendment,:
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 108) granting
condemned cannon for the erection of a sol-
diers' monument at Mound City, Illinois ;
An act (H. R. No. 2205) for the relief of
the officers and crew of the United States
steamer Kearsarge;
An act (H. R. No. 1670) for the relief of
Isaac B. Kinkead;
An act (H. R. No. 1782) in relation to
bounties;
An act (H. R. No. 1803) to amend the first
section of an act entitled " An act to provide
for the disposition of useless military reserva-
tions," approved February 24, 1871;
An act.(H. R. No. 1238) to remove the
charge of desertion against Daniel Orner, late
a private in company H, ninety-first regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers;
An act (EL R. No. 1180) to extend the time
for filing claims for additional bounty under
the act of July 28, 1866 ;
An act (H. li. No. 1720) to confirm the
title of John Boyer to certain lands therein
described ;
An act (H. R. No. 535) for the relief of
Asa M. Trimble;
An act (H. R. No. 1781) authorizing the
Secretary of War to deliver condemned ord-
nance to certain soldiers' monumental associa-
tions; and
An act (H. R. No. 2246) for the relief of
James T. Johnston, of Alexandria, Yirginia.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the House of the follow-
ing titles, with amendments; in which the con-
currence of the House was requested:
A bill (H. li. No. 1806) for the relief of
Mrs. Frances A. McKinney ;
An act (H. R. No. 838) to provide that
minors shall not be enlisted in the military ser-
vice of the United Stutes without the consent
of parents or guardians ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1776) declaring the lands
constituting the Fort Collins military reserva-
tion, in the Territory of Colorado, subject to
preemption and homestead entry, as provided
for in existing laws.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 480) for the relief of Brevet
Colonel Emeric Szabad;
An act (S. No. 369) for the relief of certain
citizens of Glasgow, Missouri;
_ An act (S. No. 018) authorizing compensa-
tion to the members of company B, fourteenth
infantry, for property destroyed by fire on the
Nashville and Chattanooga railroad ;
An act (S. No. 448) to establish a system
of deposits, to prevent desertion, and to
elevate the condition of the lank and lile in the
Army ;
An act (S. No. 5-59) for the relief of Cali-
fornia and Nevada veteran volunteers honor-
ably discharged at points distant from original
place of enlistment;
An act (S. No. 769) to close the accounts
of R. E. De llussy, late colonel corps of en-
gineers, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 607) to establish the pay of
enlisted men of the Ai my ;
An act (S. No. 440) to ameud an act
entitled/' An act. to establish and to protect
na'ional cemeteries," approved February 22,
1807 ;
An act (S. No. 711) explanatory of joint
resolution approved .July 11, 1870, entitled
"Joint resolution amendatory of joint reso-
lution for the relief of certain officers of the
Army," approved July 26, 1866;
An act (8. No. 620j to authorize the sale of
certain public property at Augusta, Georgia ;
An act (S. No. 490) for the relief of the
Bast Tennessee University;
An act (S. No. 228) for the relief of James
Murphy;
An act (S. No. 807) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to pay certain certificates
issued for fortification purposes in Lawrence,
Kansas;
An act (S. No. 609) to reduce the limits of
the military reservation at Fort Stanton, New
Mexico;
An act (S. No. 778) to provide for the pay-
ment of women nurses during the war;
An act (S. No. 608) to correct an error in
the act approved February 24, 1871; and
An act (S. No. 936) relinquishing certain
wharf property to the city of New Orleans.
MAIL PROPOSALS AND CONTRACTS.
On motion of Mr. TYNER, by unanimous
consent, the bill (H. R. No. 1930) relating to"
proposals and contracts for transportation of
the mails, and for other purposes, with amend-
ments by the Senate, was taken from the
Speaker's table, and it was ordered that the
bill and amendments be printed and returned
to the Speaker's table.
Mr. TYNER. I give notice that I desire to
call up this bill, with the amendments of the
Senate, on an early day.
OBDEli or BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. If there are no further
reports from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, as only five minutes of the
morning hour remain, the Chair will not pro-
ceed to call to-day the next committee, as its
business would be liable to be displaced at the
close of five minutes.
STAFJ? OFFICERS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for reference to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, a bill to construe certain acts
relating to the rank of staff officers in the Navy.
Mr. BEATTY. I object.
richard b. crawford.
Mr. MOORE. I rise to make a privileged
report. I make the following report from a
committee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference in the matter of the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses in relation to
the bill (II. it. No. 022) granting a pension to Rich-
ard B. Crawtord, after a fall and free conference rec-
ommend that the House recede from its disagree-
ment to the Senate amendment, and concur in said
amendment.
J. K. MOORE,
JE. D. PECK,
JOHN X. BIRD,
Manages un the pari of the House.
GEORGE P. EDMUNDS,
D. D. PRATT,
ELISAULSBURY,
Managers ori the %xu-t of tile Senate.
Mr. MOORE. I desire for the information
of the House to make a few remarks in refer-
ence to this conference report. It is of import-
ance that the House should distinctly under-
stand the point which is here involved in con-
nection with the granting of pensions. A few
remarks, therefore, by way of explanation of
the report, I think are indispensable.
The House asked this committee of confer-
ence not simply for the purpose of settling the
question involved in this particular bill, but in
order that some soit of an agreement might be
come to between the Committee on Invalid
Pensions of the House and the Committee on
Invalid Pensions of the Senate in reference to
what should be the future course pursued in
granting relief to persons who come here ask-
ing for pensions. As is known to the House,
and as has been repeatedly stated by myself on
this floor, the committee of the House pro-
posed to discriminate as to the meritorious
character of claimants.
Where there was a special hardship we pro-
posed, to the extent of the demands of justice,
to give relief in that particular individual ca^e.
Where persons had been prevented from
receiving their pensions by some mere tech-
nicality, we proposed to relieve them to the
extent to which they asked relief; that is, to
allow the pension to date back to the time at
which the right to a pension accrued. But,
where the case was not of so strong a charac-
ter as this, where there was any defect grow-
ing out of the fault of the person, we pro-
posed to grant relief only from the date of
the passage of the act.
But in every instance where we have passed
bills making the pensions date back to the
time when the right accrued, the Senate has
sent back those bills with an amendment mak-
ing the pension date from the passage of the
act. In the committee of conference we asked
the Senate committee whether they had
adopted a rule applicable alike to all cases
which would arise. They said they had done
so; that it was their unalterable rule to grant
relief only from the date of the passage of the
act; and that in no case by special act did
they propose to grant any arrears of pension
whatever.
Now, I desire to say that when they took
that position at the other end of the Capitol,
we felt that we could do no better than to
accept the best they would give. We propose
to confirm our action" to the action of the Sen-
ate. That is all we can do for those persons
who are making claims here for relief. While
the House has taken the position adopted by its
own committee, that there were cases of pecu-
liar hardships which ought to be relieved by
dating the pension back prior to the passage
of the act, the Senate absolutely refuses to
grant any such relief. We accepted the action
of the Senate as a matter of necessity, not
feeling that we were doing exact justice in
these cases; but it is all that this House can
have the privilege of doing for these suffering
claimants, who demand justice as well as lib-
erality at our hands. I think it is a bad rule,
but all that this House can do is to accept
what the Senate will give us. I move concur-
rence in the report of the committee.
The report of the committee of conference
was concurred in.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was concurred in ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest, third district of qhio.
Mr. McCRARY, from the Committee of
Elections, reported that the committee had
had under consideration the petition of W.
H. Blair and others, electors of the third
congressional district of Ohio, asking leave
to take testimony in the contest of the seat
of Hon. Lewis D. Campbell, and also the
answer of Mr. Camfisell to that petition, and
had instructed him to report back the petition
adversely and to move that it be laid upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
irregularities in texas.
Mr. CONNER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following preamble and resolution :
Whereas it is alleged that gross irregularities
have existed and do still exist in the administration
of the revenue laws in the State of Texas, wheieby
the revenue is defrauded of large sums of money,
and individuals #have also been aggrieved by the
unjust aud discriminating action of certain parties
who have been intrusted with tbo enforcement
thereof, and in other instances parties notoriously
guilty of offenses under said laws have escaped trial,
conviction, and punishment for .such offense^ by the
culpable neglect and refusal to take any action
theieinon the part of the officer charged with such
tluty: _ .therefore,
/ie it resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be authorized and instructed to inquire
mto^ the ^condition of affairs relating to the ad-
ministration and enforcement of the revenue laws
m said State; whether any individuals hnvo been
prosecuted under the same; whether any ohieer or
otiieors oi the revenue or other officer or officers of the
(jovernmenl have prostituted their offices for per-
sonal ends or other purposes; or whether the same
