3238
THE CONGKESSiOHAli GLOBE.
May
which are familiar to him in his daily life in
his Indiana home. Sole leather which is pro-
tected by this duty is a product of the West,
and a reduction of the duty will be felt by the
■western people. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KER.ll. The statement of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is without any found-
ation in truth at all. I can show by the
records that not a bit of western leather is pro-
tected by this tariff.
Mr. BURCHARD. I renew the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania for the
purpose of saying a single word.
There appeared before the Committee of
Ways and Means one of the most intelligent
and one of the largest tanners of the West,
Mr. Allan, of Milwaukee. He appeared before
the Committee of Ways and Means of the last
Congress, two years ago and made a statement
to that committee, which was published. And
when I saw his statements in favor of hides
being made free and the duty on leather re-
duced, I wrote to a very intelligent tanner in
my own district, and asked him what he had
to say to these statements. He said that the
statements of this Milwaukee gentleman were
correct, and that it was the interest of the
tanner, the interest of the consumer, and the
interest of the people of the country that hides
should be free and the duty upon leather re-
duced. If we can give credence to what these
men say, we can judge what will be for the
interest of the western farmers. I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
that the committee having voted down all the
amendments offered to this paragraph, and
having also voted down the motion to strike
out the paragraph, it is not now in order to
oiler further amendments to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. 1IAYNAH1). It may be properly said
that the tanning interest is not on the sea-board,
but, is m the interior where the bark is to be
found. It is much easier to take the hides
from the coast to where the bark is produced
and there tan it into leather, and take the
leaiher hack to the coast, than it is to take the
baik to the coast and tan tlu; leather there.
Bark for tanning purposes is produced in my
district, in great, abundance anil of good quality.
Tin: leather that is tanned there does not come
into competition with that which it is proposed
to admit at this reduced rate of duty. It may
he that the country represented by the gen-
tleman (i Dili I minimi, [Mr. Kkru,] being a
prairie country, and without forests, can have
no tanners and no tanning interest. But it is
not so in other regions,where the oak grows
in native forests, and the means of tanning are
so abundant that it is found easier to bring
hides from South America and Mexico and
from all over the world to those places and
tan them into leather than it is to carry the
baik to ihe sea-board.
The gentleman says that a tanner is a mo-
nopolist. Sir, it would surprise the tanners
of my country, scattered about there in the
hills, to be told that they are monopolists. It
would be the first time probably that they ever
had a clear idea of what a monopolist is. They
have probably heard of him but did not know
that a monopolist meant, a tanner, a man who
with a few hundred dollars had built a parcel
of vats, had collected a quantity of bark, and
was engaged in tanning the hides brought to
him by his neighbors, and also those brought
irom abroad.
Sir, the gentleman is perfectly insane, he is
perfectly infatuated with something like mad-
ness. in reference to every man who engages
in anything like a productive industry in this
country ; he looks upon him as his natural
enemy. Why, sir, the great statesman of
Virginia, who avowed himself so great a foe
to a sheep that he would go on foot I do
not know how many yards to kick, one was
hardly a circumstance to the gentleman from
Indiana.
It is suggested to me that I am unparlia-
mentary in using the term "insane" in con-
nection with my friend from Indiana. I beg
to be understood as using the word in refer-
ence only to whatever relates to the industrial
policy, to the industrial interests of this
country. I am sure that either his mind is
unhinged or else mine is, so utterly diverse are
our opinion upon this question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken upon the motion to
strike out " twenty" and insert "seventeen
and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
On upper leather of all kinds, and on skins tanned
and dressed, of all kinds, twenty per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out the words "of all
kinds, twenty per cent, ad valorem" and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words "or finished,
twenty-five per cent, ad valorem; and on goat-
skins tanned and not dressed or finished, ten
per cent, ad valorom."
The Committee of Ways and Means have
undoubtedly, perhaps unintentionally, made a
mistake in reporting this paragraph. I object
to it for two reasons. First, they have placed
the same duty on goat-skins tanned and unfin-
ished as upon those tanned and finished. In
other words, they protect the labor of this
country to no greater extent when these
articles are finished abroad and come into
competition with us, than when the finishing
is done here.
These goat-skins, chiefly from the Bast In-
dies, tanned very cheaply there with the native
gatnbier, are imported into England free of
duty, and they are there made up at less than
half'the cost of'the labor here. At the public
sales in London, held monthly, eight hundred
thousand to one million tanned East India goat-
skins are offered and find buyers. The trade
say that ten per cent, protection is enough oil
these tanned and unfinished skins ; that much
being necessary to give work to our tanners
and lost.er the production of American sumac,
of which we have not, enough, being compelled
to import from Sicily.
But there is a greater objection to this para-
graph. It is that the duty on goat-skins dressed
and finished is reduced twenty per cent. It is
twenty-five per cent, by the present tariff, and
this paragraph proposes to reduce it to twenty
per cent., which is a reduction of twenty per
cent.; while even the articles in the succeed-
ing sections, against the reduction of which
there is so much objection, are reduced but
ten per cent.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerii]
says a great deal about what articles the
people of this country want f'tee. Let me tell
iiim that in this country there are fifty thou-
sand operatives employed in the manufacture
of morocco from goat and sheep-skins, and
that this interest, which in the past ten years
has doubled, yields $4,000,000 of revenue
annually. What is said on this question
by the men interested in the business who
appeared here, and in whom my friend of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
BuuchaudJ has confidence, as I have? They
say that on account of the decline in gold
there has been a largely increased importation
of dressed leather, amounting m the city of
New Y ork to two or three hundred thousand
dollars a week ; and that the profits of the
manufacturers during last year were not more
than five per cent.
Now, whom does the reduction strike? In-
asmuch as we give to our unskilled laborers,
the beamers of leather, fourteen to seventeen
dollars a week, while in Mentz laborers of the
same class get but one florin and a half, equal
to sixty cents, a day in'gold, or about four
dollars a week; inasmuch as our skilled work-
men and finishers receive twenty dollars a
week, while throughout Germany and Prance
the price paid for such labor is but about sij
dollars a week; inasmuch as it costs us $2 60
to finish a dozen of these skins, while in Eng-
land it can be done for half that sum, the
reduction of twenty per cent, on the article
of finished leather falls upon the American
laborer. In fact, this whole question of pro-
tection is very largely one of a difference in
wages. I am not for high duties to favor
monopolies and enrich employing manufac-
turers ; but I do urge that protection which
does justice equally to employer and em-
ployed, whose interests I consider identical,
and which, fostering new arts, maintains
those we have in their full vigor, and elevates
labor by giving it a just compensation. Pros-
tration to this manufacture would bring sorrow
to the homes of fifty thousand men, women,
and children employed in it, not to speak of
the thousands linked to them by ties of busi-
ness or kindred. And what is true of one
industry against which there is a foreign com-
petition is true of all. I hope the amendment
I have suggested will be accepted by the cota-
mittee.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ICELLEY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the paragraph. I make this motion
because of the incongruity of the provision, as
set forth by my colleague, [Mr. L. Myers,]
and because of the fact that while it prostrates
a great industry it proposes a very heavy blow
at the revenues of the country. The gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb,] in replying to
me on the subject of bend and sole leather,
pointed to the insignificant sum received as
duty on those articles. Sir, from the articles
named in this paragraph we received last year
$451,000, which amount it is proposed to re-
duce twenty per cent, by cutting down the
duty from twenty-five per cent, to twenty.
As my colleague has well said, this para-
graph imposes upon upper leather of all kinds,
that is, finished leather, the same rate of duty
which it imposes on skins tanned and dressed
the raw material of which upper leather is
made. It will strike down the duty on the man-
ufactured article and maintain at the same
level the duty on the raw material. My atten-
tion has been called to this inequality and in-
justice by skin-dressers from Boston and its
vicinity who are in the habit of importing skins
tanned or dressed and converting them into
upper leather. They say that this would be a
blow at the whole business of manufacturing
the finer leather in this country. I would
press upon the attention of the Ilouse the in-
congruity of the provision as embraced in this
bill, and also the impropriety of giving up one
fifth of the present revenue from this source.
Mr. DAWES. I believe that the object
which the gentlemen from Pennsylvania are
striving for is attained by the provision as it
stands; but if there be any doubt about the
language, I will move 
Mr. K.ELLEY. I suggest to the gentle-
man to strike out the words "on leather of
all kinds" and insert "on skins tanned and
dressed of all kinds, fifteen per cent." This
will make something of a reduction in duties
ami something of a discrimination, in favor of
home labor and manufactures.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph so as to read as follows:
On upper leatherof alt kinds, and on skins dressed
and finished of aii kinds, twenty per cent, ad valo-
rem.
_ Mr. L. MYERS. Before this passes, I de-
sire to make a suggestion. It is right as far
as it goes. [ say to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means the duty in this
amendment is right as far as it goes. It fixes
it at twenty per cent. Has he thought of the
fact that tliat is more than a reduction of ten
per cent.; that it is much more than the reduc-
tion on the articles which follow, where it is
provided the reduction shall be only ten per
cent. ?
