THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
members of the House arose in their seats.
The committee and the embassy having taken
their position in the area in front of the
Speaker's desk,
Mr. BANKS, on behalf of the committee,
said: Mr. Speaker, the committee of the
House assigned to that duty, in accordance
with its instructions, has now the honor to
present to you and the House his Excellency
Mr. Iwakura, their Excellencies Mr. Kido,
Mr. Okubo, and Mr. Ito, the embassador-in-
chief and the assistant embassadors of the
Government of Japan ; the honorable secre-
taries of the embassy, and the honorable com-
missioners of the principal departments of the
Government of Japan, with their attaches.
The SPEAKER. Your Excellencies ! on
behalf of the House of Representatives I wel-
come your imperial embassy to this Hall.
The reception which is thus extended to you
so unanimously and so cordially by the mem-
bers of this body is significant of the interest
which our whole people feel in the rapidly
developing relations between the Japanese
empire and the American Republic.
The course of migration for the human race
has for many centuries been steadily westward,
a course always marked by conquest, and too
often by rapine. Reaching the boundary of
our continent we encounter a returning tide
. from your country, setting eastward, seeking,
not the trophies of war, but the more shining
victories of peace ; and these two currents
of population appropriately meet and mingle
on the shores of the great Pacific sea.
It will be my pleasure to present to your
Excellencies personally the Representatives
of the people, and for them, as well as for
myself, to assure you that during your stay at
our capital you will at all times be welcome to
the privileges and the courtesies of this floor.
His Excellency Iwakura then responded in
the Japanese language, reading from a pre-
pared manuscript. At the conclusion of his
address,
Mr. BANKS said: At the request of the
chief embassador and his associate embassa-
dors, I have the honor to present to you and
to the House a translation of the address he
has just pronounced, and to ask, if it may be
the pleasure of the House, that it may be
transcribed upon its Journals.
translation of the address op iwakura.
Mr. Speaker and honorable members of the
House of Representatives of the United States
of America : On behalf of the embassadors
of Japan, our sovereign, and the people whom
we represent, we tender to you our sincere
thanks and warmest friendship. Wo fully ap-
preciate the distinguished honor which places
us face to face in presence of that mighty
Power which rules the great American Re-
public.
Governments are strong when built upon the
hearts of an enlightened people. We come
for enlightenment, and we gladly find it here.
Journeying eastward from the empire of sun-
rise toward the sunrising, we daily behold a
new sunrise beyond the one we before enjoyed.
New knowledge rises daily before us; and
when a completed journey shall have passed
in review an encircled globe, we shall gather
together our treasures of knowledge, remem-
bering that, however we have advanced toward
the sources of light, each onward move has
revealed to us a further step beyond.
The Government of Japan already appre-
ciates the value of an enlightened policy to-
ward itself and all nations. And our united
assurances on our return will confirm to the
people at large the friendliness of feeling so
frequently expressed heretofore, and now so
generously exhibited to this embassy. In the
future an extended commerce will unite our
national interests in a thousand forms, as
drops of water will commingle, flowing from
our several rivers to that common ocean that
divides our countries. Let us express the
hope that our national friendship may be as
difficult to sunder or estrange as to divide the
once blended drops comprising our common
Pacific ocean.
The reading of the address was received
with hearty manifestations of applause.
The embassy, with the committee of the
House, then took position in front of the
Speaker, and Senators, members of the House,
and others, were presented to them ; after
which the embassy and committee retired from
the Hall.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at eleven o'clock and forty minutes a. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of soldiers
in various States, asking Congress to enact
such laws as will pension every soldier and
widow of the war of 1812, without exception ;
pay $8 33J per month bounty to those soldiers
of 1861 who never received any bounty; grant
a land warrant.as promised by the people, and
as every other Administration has done, to
every soldier of 1861 who served ninety days;
and, finally, pay the back pensions due those
disabled soldiers whose claims for the same
have been barred by unjust laws.
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of soldiers
of the wars of 1812 and 1861, of Delaware
county, Ohio, for themselves and their com-
rades, widows, and orphans, asking, first, pen-
sions to all soldiers ot 1812 and their widows ;
second, an equalization of bounties to soldiers
of 1861; third, an allowance without limitation
of back pension to the time of disability; and
fourth, one hundred and sixty acres of land to
every soldier.
By Mr. BRAXTON: The petition of Thomas
W. Edwards, of Loudon county, Virginia, ask-
ing to have his political disabilities removed.
Also, the memorial of Republicans of Fred-
ericksburg, Virginia, asking further protec-
tion on sumac.
. By Mr. BROOKS, of New York: The memo-
rial of the Chamber of Commerce of the State
of New York, asking the right to purchase at
cost the site now occupied by the New York
post office.
Also, the petition of the New York Tobacco.
Board of Trade for a permanent bonded
(tobacco) warehouse.
By Mr. DUNNELL: The petition of B. O.
Kemper and 60 others, asking the reduction
of the present tariff'to a purely revenue standard.
.By Mr. FINKELNBURG: The. petition of
citizens and soldiers of Missouri, praying an
equalization of bounties at $8 33J per month.
By Mr. HAVENS: The petition of the pub-
lishers of the Peirce City (Missouri) Herald,
for certain additional mail facilities.
. By Mr. KENDALL: The petition of certain
citizens of Washoe county, State of Nevada,
praying tariff reform.
By Mr. LAMISON: The memorial of H.
S. Prophet, B. S. Runel, and 40 others, citizens
of Mount Gilead, Morrow county, Ohio, pray-
ing the repeal of all protective duties, the
readjustment of the tariff upon strictly revenue
principles, and the abolition of all duties on
salt, coal, and pig iron.
By Mr. MANSON: The memorial of Jacob
Dice, of Fountain county, Indiana, for pay
and emoluments as a second lieutenant of cav-
alry, with the sworn statement of Captain
Samuel Mclrvin and Jacob Dice.
By Mr. McGREW: The petition of 70 per-
sons who were soldiers in the late war for the
suppression of the rebellion, and who were
then residents of Webster township, Marshall
county, West Virginia, asking Congress for an
equalization of bounties, and that the twenty-
fifth section of the act of July 15, 1870, be
so amended as to allow soldiers and sailors to
enter homesteads and acquire title thereto
without settlement or cultivation.
By Mr. McNEELY: The petition of Ro-
land C. Bruson and 150 others, citizens of
Fulton county, Illinois, praying the immediate
repeal of the duties on salt, coal, and pig iron.
By Mr. PECK: The remonstrance of J. M.
Cunning,. F. Foot, D. B. Gedney, and 10
others, citizens of Wood county, Ohio, against
any amendment, theologically, of the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
By Mr. STOWELL: The petition of D. H.
Spencer & Son, W. D. Stultz, Benjamin F.
Gravely, H. C. Lester, Decatur Jones, Trotter
& Pritchett, Millner Brothers, F. A. Swanson
& Co., Thomas J. Patrick, Hankins, Motley &
Co., and others, of Danville, Virginia, manu-
facturers of tobacco, asking a uniform rate
of tax on tobacco.
Also, the petition of J. W. and C. G. Hol-
land, Pace & Stovall, George C. & D. Ayres,
John R. Pace & Co., A. G. Fuller, Keen &
Burton, James M. Neal, William Crumpton,
J. F. Oyler & Co., and S. Tublett & Gravely,
manufacturers of tobacco at Danville, Vir-
ginia, asking a uniform tax on tobacco.
By Mr. TYNER: The petition of citizens of
Tipton county, Indiana, asking a revision of
the tariff laws so as to provide for a tariff for
revenue only.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York : Resolu-
tions of the Board of Trade of the city of Buf-
falo, New York, in favor of a reduction of the
tariff on linen gilling-twine and salt, and against.
any adjustment of the " fisheries question" that
does not give to lake fishermen all the rights,
privileges, and drawbacks, of whatever nature,
extended to other fishermen.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: The petition of
dealers in manufactured tobacco, of Louis-
ville, Kentucky, praying a uniform tax.
By Mr. YOUNG: The petition of W. C.
Barber and 92 others, workers in various
industries, citizens of Polk county, Georgia,
praying the repeal of the duties on tea, cof-
fee, and such other articles as cannot b8 pro-
duced in the United States, and remonstrating
against any change in the duties on articles
which can be successfully produced in this
country.
post route bill introduced.
The following was introduced under the rule
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. STOWELL: A bill to establish a
post road from Laurel Grove to Cartersburg,
via Malmaison, in the county of Pittsylvania,
State of Virginia.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 6, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bills referred.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on
Finance:
A bill (H. R. No. 1390) for the relief of
the sureties of the late Jesse J. Simpkins,
deceased; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1854) to authorize Rev.
Jeremiah Moynihan, of New Orleans, to im-
port one set of marble altars free of duty.
The following bills were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the sclect Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities :
A bill (H. R. No. 1857) to relieve certain
citizens of Georgia therein named from their
political disabilities; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1858) ,to relieve cer/aifl
