4134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] in
order to preserve good nature.
No further objection being made, the bill
(H. K. No. 2953) relative to Schoolcraft's
History of the Indian Tubes was received,
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Printing, and ordered to be
primed.
SILAS n. HAMILTON.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2964) for the
relief of Silas H. Hamilton; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Patents.
ACCOUNTS OP OFFICERS.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
fur consideration at this time, Senate bill No.
611, to continue the act toauthoiize the settle-
ment of the accounts of officers of the Army
and Navy.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
act to authorize the settlement of the accounts
of officers of the Army and Navy, approved
June 23, 1870, shall continue and be in force
for two years from June 23, 1872, and no
longer.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not object to that
bill if it is limited to a single year.
Mr. ARCHER. I will only say that the
objection to the amendment of the gentleman
is this: this being a Senate bill, if we amend
it the probability is that there will be no action
on it. this session. If the gentleman will hear
read a short letter from the Second Comp-
troller of the Treasury, I am sure he wiil not
object.
The letter is as follows :
Tkeascky Department,
Second Compteoller's Office,
May 31,1872.
Deaii Sir : I hope yon will oil up Senate bill No.
611, 10 extend t lie tim  for fettling officers' accounts,
<&c., under the net of June 21,1870. The liiw expires
on tlio 231 of June proximo, and as if, has proved
moH beneficial and enables the Auditors to dispense
■wifb the services of many clerks, I hope it wilt bo
continued, :is proposed in the Senate bill, for two
years longer. In that time tho docket will be
cleared.
Tj uly and respectfully, yours,
J. M. BRODHEAD.
Hon. G. W. Scofield, SI. C.
Mr. .BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It'anew
account is filed it takes more than a year to
get, it through all the bureaus.
Mr. IIOLMAN. In view of that explan-
ati"n I will withdraw any objection.
No further objection being made, the bill
was received and ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
CUSTOM-IIOUSE AT PLYMOUTH.
Mr. HALSEY. I ask consent to report,
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, a bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to sell the custom-house prop-
erty at Plymouth, North Carolina.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to cause to be sold at, pub-
lic auction, without unnecessary delay, in the
town of Plymouth, in the State of North
Carolina, to the highest and best bidder, the
old custom-house, and the lot of land on
which the same is situated, the whole being
known as the custom-house property in the
paid town of Plymouth, in the State of North
Carolina, upon such terms of payment as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. RANDALL. In the absence of any
member from the State of North Carolina on
this side of the House, I must object,
Mr. HALSEY. This whole property is
worth only about two thousand dollars. 1 ask
that a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on this subject be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department,
Washington, D. C-. February k.8.1872.
•Sir: In reply to yoursof the27ih instant, in regard
to tlio propriety of setting the old custom-house
property at Plymouth. North Carolina. I have to
say that the Department has heretofore recom-
mended the sale of this property, as will be seen by
reference to the reports of the supervising architect
contained in the finance reports for the yef.rs 1868.
1869.1870, and 1871, and it sees no reason to change
its views at this time. The building is reported as
being badly damaged and in danger of falling, and
as the site will probably not be required for Gov-
ernment purposes, it appears to me advisable that
it should be sold at an early day.
V ery respectfully,
(xEO. S. BOUIWELL, Secretary.
Hon. C. L. Cobb, Home of Representatives.
Mr. RANDALL. I think we ought not to
take any action on this bill in the absence of
the Representatives from North Carolina.
On that ground alone 1 object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Halsey]
when the members from North Carolina come
in. The bill at present is not before the
House.
POST OFFICE BUILDING, CHICAGO.
Mr. F A It WELL. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce and have passed at the present
time a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to dispose of the old post office
building in Chicago.
The bill was read for information. The
first section authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell the lot on which was located
the custom-house and post office lately de-
stroyed by fire in the city of Chicago, together
with the ruins remaining thereon, in such
manner and on such terms as he may think
best.
The second section authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to purchase a lot, suitable in
size and location in the city of Chicago, and
erect thereon a fire-proof warehouse for
bonded goods and other necessary uses of the
Government; the cost of the whole building
to be constructed thereon not to exceed the
amount for which the enstom-house and post
office site shall be sold; and the moneys to be
received from the sale of that site, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, are appropriated
for the purchase of s .ch lot, aud the construc-
tion of such warehouse.
Mr. MAYNARD. While I do not wish to
be understood as expressing any want of" con-
fidence in any officer of the Government, I
think that the first section of this bill is in such
a form as to be dangerous as a precedent. It
provides that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall sell this property "in such manner and
on such terms as he shall think best." I do
not think we should give any official authority
to dispose of public properly in that way.
Mr. FARWELL. if the gentleman will
offer an amendment to obviate his objection,
J will not object to it.
Mr. DICKEY. We have dealt very liber-
ally wiih Chicago. We appropriated a large
sum of money to buy a new lot tor the erection
of a new cusioin-house. It is now proposed to
take the old lot for another purpose. I must
object.
Mr. RANDALL. Is the bill before the
House?
I he SPEAKER. It is not, except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. AMBLER.. I think this bill ought not
to be put on its passage in this manner. I
must object to it.
Mr. FARWELL. I ask that it be referred
to ihe Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. Jf there be no objection,
the bill (H. R. No. 2955) will be introduced,
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection : and it was ordered
accordingly.
NEW MEXICO AND GULF RAILWAY.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. On
behalf of the Comraittee on ihe Public Lands I
ask leave to report a bill (H. R. No. 2960) to
authorize the building of the New Mexico and
Gulf railway, and for other purposes.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. We have created already
too many of these fancy corporations, which
are manifestly designed to be sold out, which
are not bona fide. I must object to this
bill.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the rules be suspended and the bill passed.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, there were—ayes 77, noes
44; less than two thirds voting iii the affirm-
ative.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to make au explanation
of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think we have passed
bills enough of this kind.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
merely want two minutes to explain the pro-
visions of this bill.
Mr. W, R. ROBERTS. I hope the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will be allowed two
minutes; it. i* but a short time to ask.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no
objection.
Air. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I wish to say to the House that this
bill is precisely similar to half a dozen bills
giving the right of way which the House has
passed unanimously during this session. It, is
nothing but a grant of the right of way. The
company is incorporated by the Territory of
New Mexico. It grants only the right of way
two hundred feet wide. It is no land grant,
merely giving twenty acres every ten miles for
depots, it is the Only road that the New Mex-
icans have asked for or are likely to obtain
during the present session of Congress. They
desire this bill should be passed. It is an act
of justice to them, and it should be done, it
has been unanimously agreed to by the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and it is only
right and fair they should have a chance to go
on with the construction of this ro.id.
Mr. HOLM A N. If the gentleman will strike
off the New York names and the Boston
names, perhaps we will agree to pass the bill.
Mr.TO WNSEND, of Pennsylvania. 1 know
nothing of the New Yoik men or Boston men
in the bill. I only know we recoguize the
corporation of New Mexico.
Mr. AMBLER. This does not create a
corporation at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it does create a
corporation.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
wish to say, in reply to the gentleman from
Indiana, that this does not create a corpora-
tion, but merely recognizes a corporation which
has been already created by the Territory of
New Mexico.
Mr. BCJRCHARD. Created by what Terri-
tory?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. By
the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. BCJRCHARD. Where is it to run?
Mr. '1 0 WNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Be-
tween the northwest and a southeast point in
the Territory of New Mexico going down into
Texas. I hope the House will pass the bill.
It is a matter of justice to the Territory of
New Mexico.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the first portion
of the bill be read.
The Clerk again read the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. if this is not the creation
of a new corporation, why should it contain
these names without giving the name of any
corporation in the IVrriioty of New Mexico?
What is the name of this corporation?
Mr. '10 WNSEND, of Pennsylvania. It is
in the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not in the bill at all.
There are names in the bill of persons from
Boston and New York. Let the bill be amen tied
by striking out those New York and Boston
names.
