1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Alabama Claims—Mr. Roberts.
Ho. of Reps.
China to eat opium at the cannon's mouth;
for this they have robbed and slaughtered the
people of India; for this they have outraged,
bullied, and maligned every nation on earth;
and it was for this they exhibited such in-
decent haste in extending belligerent rights on
the ocean to a few of the southern States be-
fore they had a single vessel afloat, and before
many of the States that seceded had decided
to join the " wayard sisters." And I say it is
quite possible that if it had not been for Eng-
land's haste in granting belligerent rights, thus
affording the most convincing evidence of her
intention to give the southern States, in ease
they abandoned the opposition shop and trans-
ferred their trade to her, all the material and
moral aid in her power, the differences between
the North and South would have been ended
in six months, and perhaps without the loss
of a life.
Let us look at the case as it stood in Janu-
ary, 1861. South Carolina had declared her
intention the December previous to secede
from the Union because it was announced by
the party which was to assume the reigns of
government the following March, that slavery
should be excluded from the Territories.
Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, and
Texas followed in January. On the 4th of
February the representatives of the States
named met at Montgomery, Alabama, to or-
ganize a provisional government. No other
States had seceded until after the attack on
Fort Sumter, on the 13th of April. On the
15th the President of t'ne United States issued
a proclamation calling out the militia and con-
vening an extra session of Congress on the 4th
of July. Up to the firing on Fort Sumter there
were strong hopes entertained throughout the
country that the difference between the States
would be settled without recourse to arms, and
after that event the hope was that the border
and Gulf States would refuse to secede, and
thus by remaining in the Union make the cause
of secession so hopeless that a long and san-
guinary 6trife would be impossible.
Now, sir, let us glance at England. We
may depend upon it that her minister to our
Government, Lord Lyons, was not an idle
spectator of the scenes transpiring at the na-
tional capital, neither was he remiss in giving
the amplest information to his Government
on the condition of affairs here. What inter-
views he or his agents may have had with
leading men of the South, of course we can
never know; but it is safe to say that he found
means of sounding them as to their intentions,
and of communicating through the many
devious and tortuous ways so well known
to diplomacy, the friendly feelings of his
Government for the cause in which they were
about to embark. There is no more reason
to doubt this, than that he availed himself of
his position as minister, to transmit the pri-
vate dispatches of his Government to the gov-
ernment of the southern States, dispatches,
too, that were of the most unfriendly charac-
ter toward the United States Government.
During all this time England was watching
every movement transpiring in America with
the keenest scrutiny, and with an anxiety com-
mensurate with the vast interests which she
had in the result. Her position before the
world was a peculiar one. If she discouraged
the southern States in their attempt to dis-
rupt the Union, and refused them aid or com-
fort, then the darling wish of every true Brit-
on's heart, from peer to beggar, might never
be accomplished, the " opposition shop" would
prosper, liberty would continue to flourish, and
the democratic republic of America stand as a
living rebuke to the aristocratic monarchy of
Great Britain. On the other hand there were
many and great risks to be run by a hasty en-
couragement. There was the chance that seces-
sion would never leave the arena of argument
to enter the arena of war. In that event a
premature sympathy or encouragement of the
South would arouse the animosity of the Amer-
ican people without, receiving any correspond-
ing benefit as an offset, and expose the hypoc-
risy of her professed love of freedom by her
alliance and friendship with black slavery, an
institution which she planted and nourished
so long as it paid, but which she discarded
and condemned as an abomination to Britons
when she found the white article cheaper and
better. And again, there was another risk,
the greatest of all. There was danger that a
too open encouragement of the South would
so arouse the people of the North that they
might conclude it better and safer to strike
back at England than stand idle and receive
her blows, delivered under cover of the con-
federate flag. And then England's commerce
would have to suffer as ours suffered; her toil-
ing millions, who depend for the wherewith to
purchase their daily bread upon every breath
of air that wafts commerce to and from her
shores, would be driven to starvation or rebel-
lion, and what was most certain, she would lose
every foot of territory On this continent within
ninety days after our declaration of war
against her. That these, and these alone,
were the secret springs and motives by which
she was governed, no one who knows England
will for one moment doubt, and a reference to
events as ihey transpired must convince the
most skeptical of their truth.
On the 22d of March, 1861, when Great
Britain was in doubt as to the extent of the
disaffection in the southern States, and uncer-
tain as to the result of the differences then
existing between the two great sections of the
Union, Lord Russell said in reply to a com-
munication from our Secretary of State, read
to him by our minister, Mr. Dallas—
"That even if the Government of the United
States had been willing to acknowledge the separ-
ation of the southern States as founded in right,
her Majesty's Government would have seen with
great concern the dissolution ot the Union which
bound together the members of the "great American
Republic, and that the opposition of the Govern-
ment of the United States to any such separation
would make her Majesty's Government very reluc-
tant to take any step which might encourage or sanc-
tion such separation."
This was the prudent and disinterested and
friendly role that England was playing then.
On the 9th of April Mr. Dallas had another
interview, and pressed upon, him the import-
ance of England and France abstaining, for at
least a considerable time, from doing what, "by
encouraging groundless hopes, would widen a
breach still thought capable of being closed."
The astute and treacherous reply was that—
"The matter was not ripo for decision one Way
or the other, and that the coming of his successor,
Mr. Adams, who was looked for from week to week,
would be regarded as the proper time for friendly
discussion and determining the question."
The time had not yet arrived to throw off the
mask which hid England's hypocrisy and hate
of our Republic, and a promise was given that
they would await the arrival of Mr. Adams,
who was thoroughly informed of the situation
as it existed here, and of the intentions of his
Government, before taking any action which
would widen the breach still thought capable
of being closed. On the 1st of May Lord Rus-
sell was informed by Mr. Dallas that Mr.
Adams was to sail by the steamer leaving Bos-
ton on that day, and that he might be expected
to arrive in England between the 12th and 15th
of that month. Lord Russell agreed that it
was best to disregard mere rumor as to the
secession movement, and await the full knowl-
edge to be brought by Mr. Adams. It was on
this occasion that Russell gave an indication
of their real intentions and policy. The news
had just arrived in England of the bombard-
ment of Fort Snmter; it was a bloodless bat-
tle, but it gave partial assurance that the South
and the North had come in collisi'op, aiid
therefore the time had arrived when England
could pursue with safety the course which a
lust of greed and hatred of the Republic dic-
tated. Accordingly he informed Mr. Dallas
"that, they had been in communication with
the French Government, and that both Gov-
ernments would take the same course as to
recognition, whatever that course might be."
He further stated that he had been called on
by the three southern representatives, Messrs.
Yancey, Mann, and Rust, that he decliued to
see them, but was not uti willing to do so unoffi-
cially.
On the 4th of May he received the southern
delegates, and told them, after a long conver-
sation :
"That ho could hold no official intercourse with
them, but that when the question of recognition
came to be formally discussed there were two points
upon which inquiry must be made: first, whether
the body seeking recognition could maintain its
position as an independent State; seoondiy, in what
manner it was proposed to maintain relations with
foreign States.'®
In reply the delegates referred to the seces-
sion of Virginia as evidence of the strength
of the secession movement among the south-
ern States; assured him that tltey had not
seceded to preserve slavery, but that they
might have free trade with England, and that
two thirds of the whole exports of the United
States were furnished by the South, and that
if England would. recognize the confederacy
British goods would be admitted duty free.
British goods were to be admitted duty free,
and in return for cheap cotton. What greater
boon could a true born Briton ask for: how
the heart of Lancashire, and Birmingham, and
Leeds, and all the manufacturing and commer-
cial centers of England must have rejoiced
at the prospect; what if whole hecatombs of
God's creatures were offered up on the shriue
of British greed, and the best blood of Amer-
ica should be poured out iu streams on every
hill-top and valley of our common country;
what was that to England when compared to
the advantages to be derived from a disruption
of the Union and the acquisition of the vast
commerce of the South? Evidently nothing;
and, therefore, England must now, reluctantly
of course, and with deep regret, recognize the
belligerency of the southern States.
The white slaves of England must have the
privilege of furnishing cheap undergarments
to the colored slaves of the South, and the
gospel must be sent along to the poor whites,
packed in cases with Manchester cottons,
as the northern States charged so high for
these articles that they were practically denied
the light to read the wofd Of God and wear
British fabrics; aright dear to the heart of
every true-born Briton, no matter whether hfe
crawls in vice and rags, an outcast in the
slums of English cities, or delves in the mines,
where the word of God is rarely heard savfe
in blasphemy and derision. Accordingly
Lord John Russell hastened on the following
Monday, the 6th of June, to inform Lord
Lyons that the confederacy was entitled io he
invested with the rights arid prerogatives of
belligerents, and referred to the United States
as the northern portion of the late United
States. On the same day he announced to
the House of Commons that tlie attorney gen-
eral and solicitor' general, and the queen's
advocate, and the Government, have come to
the opinion that the southern confederacy of
America, according to those principles which
seem to them to be just pinciples, must be
treated as belligerents.
On the 13th of May, Mr. Adams arrived'in
London, and found in the morning papers the
text of the queen's proclamation, granting
belligerent rights to the southerfi confederacy.
