1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447
persons therein named from political disabili-
ties.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of February 19, 1872,
information, in relation to what amount is due
to any of the States lately in insurrection
under the provisions of the twelfth section of
the act of Congress approved June 7, 1862,
entitled " An act for the collection of dircct
taxes in insurrectionary districts, and for other
purposeswhich was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pinancc, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
in compliauce with a resolution of the Senate
of March 4, 1872, information in relation to
tbe sale of lands by the State of Texas to the
United States known as the Pan-Handle; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, transmitting the engin-
eer report of the survey of Otter creek, Ver-
mont, from Vergennes to its outlet on Lake
Champlain, in compliance with the provis-
ions of the act of March 3, 1871; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
RAILROAD MAIL TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, accidentally a document has come into
my possession which I deem it my imperative
duty to lay at once before the Senate, and I
ask to have it read.
The Secretary read as follows :
[Confidential.]
Washington, D. C., December 11,1871.
Dear Sir: In view of the inadequate compensa-
tion to railroad companies for transportation of
mails, fixed by law, and tho apparent necessity for
systematic proceeding to effect an increase, a move-
ment looking to this end was begun about a year ago
by leading railroad men, and is now so far developed
as to insure the hearty cooperation of the chief
officers of railroads representing more than half of
the whole amount paid to railroad companies for
sucli services, and it only remains to hear from the
other roads when active work can be commenced. It
wouldhavebeen much more satisfactory if the writer
could have conferred with all the chief officers of
railroad companies interested, but the large number
to visit, and the time it -would necessarily occupy,
make it impossible; and I am therefore compelled
to submit the plan through correspondence, and to
refer you to those railroad officers who have been
conferred with, if this does not sufficiently commend
itself to your mind for immediate action. The plan
is to effect the passage of an act increasing the pres-
ent compensation, without regard to existing con-
tracts, filty percent. To accomplish this it is thought
it will require thirty-three and one third per cent,
of the increase for one year,three and one third per
oent. of which is to be advanced to meet contingent
expenses, and the balance to be paid when the act
becomes a law.
I inclose herewith a statement showing the
amount received by your company, with the contem-
plated increase of fifty per cent., and the amount
of three and one third per cent, to be advanced on
such increase, (for which a draft on New York, pay-
able to my order, may be remitted,) also, a circular
letter which will partially explain the plan of oper-
ation, to he signed and returned to me for the
amount to be paid, contingent on tho passage of the
act. With this action, and a determination on the
part of tb e chief officers of railroad companies to per-
sonally aid in such manner as they may deem proper
through local members, I regard the passage of the
act as a certainty. It is desirable that you reply at
once to this, and if the proposition is accepted, to
further communicate with me, giving names of such
persons (as soon as they can be ascertained) as will
of your own knowledge support the measure. I in-
close the names of some of the prominent men who
have already entered into the arrangement, any
of whom you can correspond with on tho subject
should you desire further information as to the feas-
ibility of the plan, or my fitness for the undertaking.
All communications on the subj ect should be strictly
confidential, as any publicity may cause defeat.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
GILES A. SMITH.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now ask
that the Secretary read the names of these
officers of railroads who, it is asserted, have
already entered into an arrangement of this
kind.
The Secretary read as follows:
"Refer to William H. Vanderbilt, Hudson River
and N ew York Central railroads, New York; Thomas
A. Scptt, Pennsylvania railroad, Philadelphia: Jay
Gould, Erie railroad, New York; H. F. Claris, Lake
Shore and Michigan Southern railroad, New York;
Samuel Sloan, Delaware, Lackawanna, and Western,
New York; A.L. Dennis, New Jersey Railroad and
lransportation Company, New York; William D.
Bishop, New York and New Haven, New York:
William P. Burrell, New Haven, Hartford, and
Springfield, Hartford; James F. Joy, Michigan Cen-
tral, Detroit; H. F. Sweetzer, Atlantio and Great
Western, Meadville, Pennsylvania; M. L. Sykes,
Chicago and Northwestern, New York; T. B. Black-
stone, Chicago and Alton, Chicago; Hugh Riddle,
Chicago, Ropk Island, and Pacific, Chicago; J. M.
Walker, Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy railroad,
Chicago; Ihomas Allen, St. Louis and Iron Mount-
ain, St. Louis; Captain Joseph Brown, Missouri Pa-
cific, St. Louis; William M. McPherson, North Mis-
souri. St. Louis: David Macy,*Indianapolis, Peru,
and Chicago, Indianapolis; D. McLaren, Cincinnati,
Hamilton, and Dayton, Cincinnati; Levi Parsons,
Missouri, Kansas, and Texas, New York: E. W. Cote,
NashvilleandChattanooga,Nashville; M.J.Wicks,
Memphis and Charleston, Memphis; Colonel Samuel
Tate, Memphis and Little Rock, Memphis; Albert
Fink, Louisville and Nashville, Louisville."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will be
perceived that this circular is from a person
who was a distinguished officer in the Army
during our recent rebellion, and recently an
officer of the Post Office Department, but who
has resigned, apparently to enter into this kind
of business. I trust that there is some explan-
ation in relation to it, and that the officers of
these railroads will relieve themselves from
the charge made that they have entered into
any such conspiracy. It will be seen that the
amount of gain proposed by this person would
amount to about one million dollars in a single
year. The amount that we pay out for rail-
road transportation is about six millions or
more. The advance of fifty per cent, would
amount to $3,000,000, one third of which
these railroads were to guaranty to the parties
engaged in this undertaking, amounting to
$1,000,000.
I suppose, Mr. President, that it is only
necessary, for the entire failure of this gigantic
scheme, to have it exposed and presented here,
as I have deemed it my duty to do, as it pro-
poses to affect the votes of Senators, the votes
of Representatives. Having done my duty, I
leave it to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that it will require unanimous consent to
receive this paper as a petition, as the rule
has been uniform that a petition must be
addressed to the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have only
presented it for the information of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is subject to
the objection of Senators.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator if this
paper was written while Mr. Smith held office
under the Government?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is dated
December 11, and signed by Giles A. Smith.
Mr. CONKLINGr. When did he resign ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
know. Before that, I presume; I think he
was out of office some time before.
Mr. CAMERON rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This debate is
progressing by unanimous consent.
Mr. CAME RON. I wish only to say a word,
and that is to denounce this as false and wrong
in every particular, so far as regards Mr.
Thomas A. Scott. I know he has too much
sense, too much integrity, to allow anybody to
use his name in such a combination. This
person, I suppose, is a fool, who thought he
could make a great deal of money out of the
railroad companies. If it was of importance
enough, I would ask to have it referred to
some committee. Probably the investigating
committee, which has already spent so much
time, had better have it referred to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania move that reference?
Mr. CAMERON. I do not know whether
I ought to give so much consequence to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Something must
be done with the paper or its reception be
objected to. It is before the Senate for action.
Mr. CAMERON. It is true the railroad
companies do not get enough compensation
for carrying the mail, and they ought to be
allowed a larger sum. They know it, and are
desirous to have a larger sum paid them; and
possibly this person having been employed in
the Post Office Department has taken it into
his head that he could make a large fortune in
some easy way by using them. I think it is
likely it is something like that; but for the
present I make no motion about it.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I desire to
know whether that paper will be printed or
not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not a peti-
tion or memorial according to the usage of
the Senate. The Chair so stated, and that
ended his duty. If no Senator objects, it is
now before the Senate for them to do with it
as they please, refer it or lay it on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I move that
it be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will be
printed in the Globe in our proceedings, and
I take it that will be sufficient.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. That will
answer the purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What action
shall be taken with this paper?
Mr. CAMERON. I move that it be laid on
the table.
Mr. WILSON. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Post Office Commit-
tee would be more appropriate.
Mr. CAMERON. I insist on the motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator withdraw
the motion for a moment'!
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to state why
I desire it to go to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. I wish that committee to see if some
legislation cannot be inaugurated in this coun-
try to arrest one of the greatest evils and most
corrupt practices in this nation. I refer to
the practice of persons who have been in Con-
gress or have been in the public service setting
up here as shysters in this city and using the
knowledge they obtained while in public life
to cheat the Government of their country. It
is a thing which is carried on to agreat extent;
and if there is any way in this world by which
it can be corrected, it will be the greatest reform
that can be inaugurated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves the reference of this
paper to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAMERON. I give wav to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For what object is it
proposed to refer a paper of this character to
the Gommittee on the Judiciary? I do not
see any propriety in referring it to the Gom-
mittee on the Judiciary. I do not see what
they have to do with this question. It does
not seem to me that that is the proper com-
mittee to take charge of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from Illinois will yield, I will renew the
motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania, that
it be laid on the table, for I have accomplished
all the purpose I designed in making it Dublic.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves that the paper iie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Ohio, praying that the duty on foreign
wool may not be reduced; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON. I present the petition of
the members of the Philosophical Society of
Philadelphia, praying Congress to make suit-
able preparation to enable American astrono-
mers" to join those of other nations in observ-
ing the transit of the planet Venus across the
sun's disc in December, 1874, which interest-
ing phenomenon has not occurred since the
