1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2342
have culpably neglected to perform their official
duties, and that the committee have power to send
for persons and papers.
Mr. SARGENT. Unless there are specific
charges in writing, pointing to individuals
and offenses. I object, to the resolution.
Mr. CONNER. There are specific charges.
I hold in my hand affidavits.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is ob-
jected to.
Mr. CONNER. I do not understand the
gentleman from California to object.
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, I object to the scandal
of attempting investigation without specific
charges.
WIDOW OF ttlJSTAVCS A. L0051IS.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2257) granting a
pension to the widow of Colonel Gustavus A.
Loomis; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
cannon for soldiers' monuments.
Mr. KELLOGG also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No.
132) granting condemned cannon for soldiers'
monuments at Waferbury, Middletown, and
Merideu, Connecticut; which was read a first
and second time, aud referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
LAND DISTRICTS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. K1STCHAM, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, asked that the House con-
cur in Senate bill No. 770, to erect two new
land districts in the State of Nebraska.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there was any recom-
mendation from the Secretary ot the Interior,
I should like to hear it read.
Mi. KETCH AM. I have here a letter from
ihe Commissioner of the General Land Ofiicc,
which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Gi;\-eral Land Office.
"Washington, D. C., March 25,1872.
Sir : Referring to your peisonai call of this morn-
ing, and responding to jour lequest that I should
give you my opinion as to the bi)i now before Con-
gress creating two new land districts in the State of
.Nebraska, 1 have the honor to say, that upon ex-
amination X find the arrangement, ol the old districts
unsatisfactory, and that they do not afford sufficient
facilities to the people of the newer sections ot the
State, where surveys are now being prosecuted and
settlements made.
Under former laws the remedy for this was found
in the removal of land offices from point to point, as
settlements extended, cash entries being virtually
closed when made at. the local offices; but under the
homestead laws parties have five years in which to
make final proof, and therefore the land offices now
open cannot be removed without great inconven-
ience to those who have made homestead entries in
their vicinity. , t, ,
For these reasons, I think the public would be
benefited by increasing the number of districts.
Very respectfully, your obedient seivatit,
WILLIS DRUMMOND,
Commissioner.
Hon. johx taffe, House of liepresentatives.
No objection was made, and the bill received
its several readings, and was passed.
1'AMfNK IN I-iSRSIA.
Mr. SPIlAGUE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following memorial; which was read
and referred to the Committee on Foreigu
Affairs:
■ To the honorable Congress of the United States
assembled :
That a desolating famine exists in many districts
of the Persian nation is a well-established fact.
Thousands have already died and thousands more
must soon perish if succor is not speedily rendered.
This the Persian nation cannot or wnf not, aitord,
and the necessity for foreign relief is most urgent.
The magnitude of the calamity, the great distance
between them and us, and the difficulties ot c m-
munication are such as to prevent private benevo-
lence unaided, from effectually reaching them. We
therefore, respectfully petition you to adopt such
measures as you may think best to bring the subject
before the public mmd, and provide ways and means
for collecting aud disbursing the charities of tne
benevolent who may wish to remember them m
their adversity. JAMES A. BATES,
JOHN A. BKOWN,
And others.
claims against this war department.
Mr. STOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Military Affairs, sub-
mitted a report in writing upon the bill (H.
R. No. 564) to amend an act to restrict the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to pro-
vide for the payment of certain demands for
quartermaster's stores and subsistence supplies
furnished to the Army of the United States,
approved July 4, 1864; which was recommitted
to the committee, not to be brought back
by a motion to reconsider, and ordered to be
printed.
rose t. mojtrkll.
Mr. HAYS, bv unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Naval Affairs the
memorial of Rose F. Morrell for a pension,
and moved that the committee be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it.
be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES S. READ,
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committeeon Accounts
the papeis in the case of James S. Read, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
horace tyler.
Mr. SHELDON. I ask unanimous consent,
that Senate bill No. 680, fortlie relief of Horace
Tyler, be taken from the Speaker's table, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
No objection was made, and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a lirstand
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
f1ktkkn-isoii rifled guns.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Appropria-
tions, reported back the letters of the Secre-
tary of the Navy aud Admiral Porter, recom-
mending an appropriation of $40,000 to pur-
chase fifteen-inch rifled guns, and moved that
the same be ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted lo the Committee oil Appiopriations.
The motion was agieed to.
MEXICAN liOllDEU OUTRAGES.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask unani-
mons consent to submit and have adopted now
a preamble and resolution which I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
The Cleik r'ead as follows:
Whereas a presentment of a grand jury in the
United States couit at, Biownsvifle, Texas, declares
that since 1865, Mexican armed bands, under Mexi-
can officers, haveinvadedtheUnitedSta.tes, and that
General (Jortma, an officer of high rank in the Mexi-
can army, has levied war upon the United States,
murdered citizens, and robbed mails, aud stolen
cattle, horses, and other property; and whereas there
are like outrages upon the Territory of Arizona:
Therefore,
Be it raoloed. That the President be requested to
communicate to this House this or any other like
grand jury presentment in Texas, and afsoall inform-
ation he has or communications made to him respect-
ing Mexican outrages upon or in the Territory of
Arizona.
Mr. HALE. I object.
it. n. geek.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Foster of Ohio, Mr. Lansing of New
York, and Mr. Harris of Virginia, as the con-
ferees on the part of the House npou the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses upon the bill
of the House No. 1228, for the relief of R. N.
Geer.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to submit a resolu-
tion for information.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I must insist
upon the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
unfinished business of yesterday, being House
bill No. 1427, revising and amending the laws
relative to the mints, assay offices, aud coin-
age of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended and the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the Senate
amendments to the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
we had better go on with the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into
Committee of the Whole is in order.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio ; and it was agreed to
upon a division—ayes seventy-seven, noes not
counted.
legislative appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 1060, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1873, and for other
purposes.
The thirty-sixth amendment of the Senate
was to reduce the appropriation from iS50,000
to §25.000 in the following clause relating to
the Treasury Department:
For furniture, such as carpets, desks, tables, chairs,
shelving for file-rooms, boxes, and repairs of furni-
ture, cases, oil-cloth, matting, rugs, chair-covers
and cushions, repairs and laying of carpets, and
other miscellaneous articles of the like character,
535.UOO.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence in the amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN". This amendment certainly
ought to be concurred in. It is very seldom
that the Senate makes a mistake by reducing
too low ail item of appiopriation in a House
appropriation bill. The Senate thinks that
$25,000 is sufficient for this purpose, and I
hope the amendment of the Senate will be
concurred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Secretary
of the Treasury was before the Committee on
Appropriations in regard to these items and
went over them carefully. The amendment
of the Senate coming to the attention of the
Secretary of the Treasury, he wrote a letter
to the Committee on Appropriations stating
all the facts, and convinced the committee that
the Senate had made too great a reduction in
this item ol appropriation. We therefore rec-
ommend non-concurrence, so that there may
be some adjustment of the amount between
the figures we adopted and the figures named
by the Senate. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holmax] not to insist upon a
concurrence in the amendment of the Senate,
and tve will put it as low as we can.
Mr. HOLMAN". In the hope that it may
be reduced lo some fair sum by a committee
of conference, 1 will not oppose the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred iu.
The thirty-eighth amendment of the Senate
was to the following paragraph:
Office of the Assistant Treasuierat New York:
For Assistant Treasurer, S3.000 : for deputy Assist-
ant Treasurer, S3,600; chiefs of division, tellers,
registers, clerks, book-keepers, messengers, keeper
of b'iildin-\ watchmcn, engineer, detectives, and
porier, *>1.37,942: in all, Sll9,0l2._
Strike out the following: "chiefs of division, tell-
ers registers, clerks, book-keepers, messengers,
keeper of buiMing. w.-tchmen, engineer, dotectiv us,
and porter, $137,912," and insert in lieu thereof the
following: . .
Cashier and chicf clerk, $4,200; chief of com di-
vision, £4,000: chief ot general pay division, Sw.OOO;
assistant chief of general pay division, tfVUO; clue:
of currency receiving division, >3,000: assistant
chief of currency receiving division, 32,200; ohjet of
registered interest division, ^2,S0(): general p«y tell-
er, §2,800; a&siolaiil general pay teller, $2,-100; oiuu
