1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3239
Mr. DAWES. The reason is we brought
in hides free.
Mr. L. MYERS. Raw goat-skins now come
in free. It does not protect that interest at
all, but only protects other interests. Twenty
thousand persons are employed in finishing up
raw goat-skins. This interest is not benefited,
but seriously injured by the reduction pro-
posed. I suggest to the gentleman to make it
twenty-two per cent, instead of twenty per
cent., so as to correspond with his own argu-
ment.
Mr. BURCHARD. In the Morrill tariff it
was raised to twenty per cent. By the tariff
of 1862 a duty was placed on hides, which
were up to that time free, and on skins of
all kinds, whether dried or salted, ten per
cent. In the tariff of 1870 the duty on
skins was repealed, at least so far as those
mentioned by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. We propose now to take off the duty
on hides and skins of all kinds, ten per cent,
and make them free. We propose at the same
time we take off this duty on hides and skins,
ten per cent., to make the duty as it is pro-
posed in this bill. Taking off the duty on
hides and skins put on them by the Morrill
tariff, of ten per cent., and only deducting five
per cent, from the previous duty of twenty-five
percent., I think the manufacturers, at least
in this respect, have no cause to complain of
this reduction.
Mr. Dawes's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move to insert "on
all slKns for morocco, tanned and unfinished,
ten per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On calf-skins, tanned, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to strike out
"twenty" and insert "thirty."
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that he say on
skins curried and dressed, thirty per cent., and
for those tanned twenty per cent.
Mr. KELLEY. The figures to which I
alluded before, of $1,319,663 69, are the
amount of duties collected last year on tanned
calf-skins. The rate of duty is thiity per
cent. It is now proposed to reduce it to
twenty per cent., a reduction of thirty-three
per cent. Why should this article be reduced
so far below the general average of our tariff?
What interest is to be benefited bv it? Is
the Treasury to be benefited by it? Are the
tanners of the country to be benefited by it ?
No , sir; nor will the consumers of shoes be bene-
fited by it. It will go at once to the benefit of
theforeign tannerand exporter. You wilt have
stricken about four hundred thousand dollars
a year out of our income; you will have
damaged a great industry; you will have
somewhat diminished the price of calf-skins in
the country. There is no one demanding any
such reduction; there is no good reason
assignable for this reduction, and therefore I
hope it will not be made.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, I think this
reduction ought to be made. As I have re-
peatedly said, it ought to be lower than the
bill makes it. I want all the reduction the bill
proposes.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania inquires
who will be benefited by reduction? f say
all of the consumers of this leather which is
affected at all by the tariff will be beyond all
question benefited. If this duty does not
increase the price of leather for somebody, in
the interest of somebody, why does not he vote
to make it fiee? If it does not increase the
price, why do you want it? You are ignoring
and stultifying your position. It is the en-
hanced prices which duties give that you
want. If duties did not enhance your prices
you would not give a fig for them. The
country knows, and the world knows, that you
increase the price of these things by reason of
it. Take off the tax, then, and let the people
have these things free and cheap.
I rai e my voice here alone for the forty
million consumers in this country. They are
entitled to be heard on this floor. Monopoly
is heard here too much and too often, and
from nobody's mouth so often as from that of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
ley,] and that of the other gentleman from
Pennsylvania on my right, [Mr. L. Myers.]
That gentleman very flippantly makes com-
parisons of the cost of wages in this country
and abroad. The gentleman does not know
what those wages are to-day. His statements
are wild and most unreliable, and made in the
interest of protection, not of labor.
Mr. L. MYERS. I am ready to have my
statement on that subject placed against that
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. And I am most willing to
assume just such a relation toward the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, and allow my state-
ment to go to the country alongside of his;
and I have no fear for the comparison of my
statement with his among all honest men.
Mr. L. MYERS. I call the gentleman to
order. What does the gentleman mean by
that?
Mr. KERR. Just what I say.
Mr. L. MYERS. The gentleman shall not
use such language on this floor or elsewhere.
I made no statement against the gentleman.
I combated his arguments, as I had a right to
do, on this floor; and I 
[The close of the sentence was not heard
from the noise made by the knocking of the
Chairman's gavel.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania will come to order. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania calls the gentleman
from Indiana to order. He will state his point
of order.
Mr. KERR. I did not reflect on the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. I asserted a prop-
osition of my own, and I did not make it
applicable to him at all. I repeat my state-
ment. I do not take it back, because it is
true.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania will state his point of order.
Mr. L. MYERS. If the gentleman from
Indiana states that he meant no reflection,
and will alter his language 
Mr. KERR. I will make no alteration.
Mr. L. MYERS. Then I object to the
gentleman from Indiana proceeding except in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania will state the language of the
gentleman from Indiana to which he takes
exception.
Mr. L. MYERS. The gentleman stated
that he left honest men to judge between us.
That seemed to convey an intimation or reflec-
tion objectionable to me. If he withdraws it
1 withdraw my objection to his proceeding.
Mr. KERR. I do not withdraw a word I
have said, for I have not said a word that I do
not believe to be true and right.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] was
not out of' order in stating what the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has just repeated. The
Chair did not observe himself the language
which has been objected to, but the language
just repeated by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is not out of order in the judgment of
the Chair. The gentleman from Indiana will
proceed in order.
Mr. KERR. The reduction that will be
made in the duty by this paragraph is $430,000.
That is a reduction which I think above all
others proposed in this bill ou^ht to be made,
because it is in the interest of the consumers
of the country. It is a ieduction made from a
protective duty, not from a revenue duty. By
that I simply mean that while the duty on this
kind of leather pays to the Treasury now a little
over a million dollars, it pays to the protected
classes in this country more than four million
dollars. Therefore, while we take $130,000 off
the revenue from this source we save to the
people of this country, in my judgment, more
than one and three quarter million dollars of
unjust and unlawful exactions in the interest
of a few, of a class, and not of the whole. Pro-
tective duties pay a little to the Treasury and
much more in enhanced prices to the protected
classes. Duty is only paid on the little quan-
tity of leather that is imported; but the exist-
ence of that duty enables the domestic manu-
facturer in certain sections of the country to
raise the price of his leather, which pays no
duty, as high as if it did pay duty.
I want our taxes to be imposed for revenue
alone. I hold always that the supreme duty
of the people's Representatives is to tax the
people for revenue and nothing else. Under
no circumstances have you a right to put your
hand in my pocket and take a part of my
money for the advantage of any particular
interest or person and not for the advantage
of the revenue. That is my ground of objec-
tion to this kind of duties.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend the
amendment by sinking out "thirty" and in-
serting "twenty five." I make this motion
for this reason : I believe it is an interest that
not even my friend from New York, [Mr. Cox,]
or anybody else on the other side, acquainted
with my district, will say we are particularly
interested in.
I find that under the tariff of March 2, 1361,
the duty was tweniy-fiveper cent. ; under the
old tariff of 1812, it was thirty-five per cent.
Now, if we reduce it from thirty to twenty-five
per cent, we are taking off one sixth of the
present duty, or reducing it sixteen and two
third per cent. 1 think that, is as large a re-
duction as ought to be made on so large an in-
terest as this, and one which produces so large
a portion of the revenue.
Mr. FINKELNBCJRG. I rise simply for
the purpose of getting the ear of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley], so that he
may explain to me and to the Committee of
the Whole what to me appears to be either a
mistake or a very great inconsistency. He
asks, if you reduce the tariff on calf-skins—•
1 give that simply as an illustration—who gets
the benefit of it? The American consumer?
No, sir. The foreign producer will immedi-
ately add the difference to the price, and he
will get the benefit of the reduction.
Sir, the gentleman has argued in favor of a
reduction of the duties on tea and coffee ; he
has argued to us in favor of the reduction of
the duty upon tin. Now, I ask him if his
principle is true, why does it not apply to tea
and coffee, and why does it not apply to tin ?
Why does it not apply to all the articles in
regard to which he is willing to make a reduc-
tion of duty, and not to this article alone upon
which he is unwilling to make a reduction ?
Why does not the foreign consumer oftea and
coffee and tin add the amount of duty to his
price for those articles ?
Mr. KELLEY. I shall be very happy to
enlighten the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Finklexborg.] and I hope that 1 can make
him perceive the difference, and perceive it so
efficaciously that itwill control his vote. Large
us our importations of calf-skins is, that is,
large relatively to the amount of duty, it is so
small relatively to the large quantity of calf-
skins consumed in the country that it'you were
to reduce the duty upon that article slightly
you would not affect the general price of the
market. It is like coal, as 1 argued the ques-
tion yesterday. 1 said that the duty upon coal
was a mere question of revenue, because the
four hundred thousand tons that you impoited
did not affect the pr ce of the twenty million
tons of domestic Coal that was consumed east
of the Alleghanies and north ol the Potomac ;
that the foreign article took its price, being
the minor quantity, and very largely so, fiom
the pnee winch ruled the major quantity, the
domestic production. Therefore, either the
