552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
charging it. upon Michigan, whom is it charg-
ing it upon? Michigan last year exported one
thousand four hundred million feet of lumber;
more than all the other States put together, I
presume, produced of fine lumber.
Mr. LOGAN. No. sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is it not? Then I stand
.corrected. We exported a larger amountthan
any other State in the Union, and certainly a
very large proportion of the lumber that goes
to Chicago goes from Michigan.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. Bat you say the intent
and object was to do, what ? To prevent these
very Michigan men, as they are the men who
furnish the lumber, from doing what yon said
your men had resolved to do. Am [ right or
wrong?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir, you are Wrong. I
will correct you. I will restate my position.
I said that the effect, of this bill was not as
against any individuals except the lumber
merchants of Chicago, the men who them-
selves put up the price of lumber. I do not
know whether they are gentlemen from Mich-
igan or where they are from. They are Chicago
lumber merchants who put up the price. It is
immaterial where they may have lived ; they
are now Chicago lumber merchants.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator did not
intend to east any imputation upon the lum-
ber merchants of Michigan, of course I ac-
cept his declaration, and have nothing more
to say on the subject. I certainly understood
him to cast an imputation on the Michigan
lumbermen, but he says he did not intend to
do so.
Mr. LOGAN. I certainly would not do
that, in the presence of the great defender of
Michigan; 1 could not. think of it. A man
would he utterly senseless, or must expect
to be crushed in a moment if he did such
a thing. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. This "crushing" pro-
cess I have seen attempted several times. I
do not understand its execution myself, but
this is not the first time I have had it at-
tempted upon me.
Now, with regard to magnanimity the Sen-
ator says he would not reciprocate such a want
of magnanimity. Am I right there?
Mr.'LOGAN. In whom?
Mr. CHANDLER. As I have shown.
Mr. LOGAN. Applicable to yourself, you
are right.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; make it
applicable to myself. After the Chicago fire—
wo did not know of our fires at that time;
onr fives were in the woods, and it was days
after they occurred before we heard of them—
there was not a city, town, or hamlet in the
whole State of Michigan that did not respond
to the sufferings of Chicago, and I myself
united, to the extent of my ability, whether it
was more or less. The city of Detroit alone,
if I remember rightly, furnished $40,000 for
instantaneous relief; and every city, village,
and town throughout the State responded to
the extent of its ability.
Sir, I do not like thus individually to be ar-
raigned here, either for my State or myself, as
showing a want of magnanimity. I undertook
to show this body that the sufferers in Michigan
suffered toat least as great if nota greater extent
than the people of Chicago in proportion to
their wealth and population ; and again I un-
dertook to show that the greatest of these suf-
ferers were these very lumbermen at whom
the Senator was aiming this shaft. That was
what 1 undertook to do, and what I think I
succeeded in doing. I undertook to show that
the whole of these enormous losses, amount-
ing to many millions, and for aught I know tens
of millions, fall upon the lumbermen and the
lumber regions of the State of Michigan ; and
now, instead of furnishing to them the same
measure and the same manner of relief which
you propose to furnish to Chicago, and which
I ask at your hands, I am met with the charge
of a want of magnanimity. Sir, I repudiate
the charge, come from what source it may. I
say it is equal and exact justice that I am de-
mahding, nothing more and nothing less. I
care hot whether it be to the citizens of a vil-
lage in the lumber regions of Michigan, or to
the citizens of the great city of Chicago; I
ask, and I have a right to demand, the same
measure of justice or of magnanimity, or of
charity, if you put it upon that ground, which
you give to the city of Chicago.
I agree with my colleague that it would have
been better, more just, more equitable, more
proper to have introduced a bill giving a gross
sum from the Federal Treasury, compelling
each State to pay its fair pro rata to that sum,
rather than to assess upon the State of Michi-
gan, that has suifered thus frightfully, one half
of all the relief you demand. That is what you
do by this bill, for in all your buildings our
lumber constitutes near one half of the mate-
rial you use.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no.
Mr. CHANDLER. Perhaps not quite so,
but nearly. But. you demand the whole of that
from the State of Michigan, a State which suf-
fered frightfully by the same calamity which
has fallen upon Chicago.
Now, Mr. President, I say very frankly that
I consider this a dangerous precedent; but if
it is set for one ease, (and it has been set once,)
then I want it to extend to all. If it is proper
to grant this relief to the cities of Portland
and Chicago, then it is proper to grant it to
every city, town, and hamlet throughout all
these United States that is in similar cir-
cumstances, and it ought to be done; and I
propose now, as an amendment, to insert a
few, perhaps two, three, or four of the towns
that have suffered most fearfully in this confla-
gration.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, it is as true
in legislative bodies as in courts, that hard
cases make bad precedents, and I am afraid
that we have gotten into this trouble by a bad
precedent. As the Senator from Michigan has
said, if we relieve in one case we shall have
to relieve in all.
Jt is a very ungracious thing to seem to
oppose any measure of this character, and I
do not rise for the purpose of opposing this
bill, but of suggesting to the Senator from Illi-
nois that I think there is an insuperable diffi-
culty in the way of passing it which would have
prevented the first precedent from passing if
it had been mooted when that bill was intro-
duced into Congress—I am not aware that it
was—and of saying to him that he can
hardly doubt the disposition of Congress, as
manifested from the disposition of those who
stand behind Congress, for the relief of Chicago.
If it is to be relieved, I think it will have to
be, and I have no doubt it will be, by the appro-
priation of a sufficient, sum, if necessary, from
the Treasury by direct bill for the purpose of
meeting the duties, if necessary, that are to be
taken from the Treasury in this manner.
But I now call attention to what the diffi-
culty is in my mind. The bill as introduced,
and as I believe- it now stands, reads thus:
the first section, providing for the reception
of gratuitous contributions which may come
from abroad for the relief of the sufferers by
the fire which occurred at Chicago, declares
that such contributions shall, when imported
at the port of Chicago and consigned to the
proper authority for distribution, be admit-
ted free of duty. The second section provides
for the admission of building materials at the
same port,. Here, then, are two sections of
the bill, both of which provide for the admis-
sion free of duty at the port of Chicago of
building materials an.d contributions, which at
all other ports in the United States are subject
to duty. I simply wish to bring into contrast
with them two provisions of the Constitution
of the United States. The first is from the
ninth section of the first article of the Consti-
tution :
"No preference shdll he givefi by any regulation
of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State
over those of another; nor shall vessels bound to
or from one State be obliged to enter, clear, or pay
duties in another/'
The other is:
"The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and general
welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts,
and excises shall be uniform throughout the United
States."
If there be a duty of twenty per cent, on any
of these articles in any portion of the Uhited
States, the duty must be uniform throughout
the whole United States. If they are'required
to pay duty at one port in any State, they must
be required to pay duty in all the States. I
need not argue this question. I think it is
perfectly apparent by simply reading the pro-
visions of the Constitution in contrast with the
provisions of the bill. I need not go further
and show how far the principle may be carried
if it were constitutional. Take the ease which
is presented by the Senator from Michigan.
Here, are hundreds of people suffering, per-
haps, for want of food in consfequence of the
fires in Michigan and Wisconsin. If it be
proper to exempt building materials at the
port of Chicago for the purpose of rebuilding
the city, it is just as important to exempt tea
and coffee and sugar, upon which these people
live, or which enter into their living, who have
not, perhaps, enough to eat in Consequence
of their crops and buildings having been
destroyed. It is just as important to exempt
clothing and the material out of which it is
made, so as to relieve their necessities. In
short, the principle involved is that wherever
a calamity occurs in any portion of the Unitid
States, whether by fire, by flood, ot by robbery
even, we are to be called upon to make an
exception in favor of that unfortunate commun-
ity. If it is to be done, I do not think it can
be done by making an exception which comes
in conflict with the spirit certainly if not with
the direct letter of the Constitution.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me to call his attention to one point there, he
may be able to throw some light upon the sub-
ject. The Constitution provides that there
shall be no preference given ; that is, no pref-
erence in reference to ports. This is not an
exception, if the gentleman will have his at-
tention directed to the bill. The bill requires
the duties to be paid on these articles just the
same as on other articles, but authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to make such rules
and regulations with reference to them as he
sees proper, precisely as was done with regard
to Portland. He made the rules and regula-
tions in that case, and I have them in my desk
now. The duties are paid when the articles
are received, but if the article is putin a build-
ing as provided by law, there is a remission
of the duty. It is upon the same principlethat
you encourage the building of a railroad. Why
do you do that? In order to encourage popu-
lation to seek certain portions of the country,
in order to scatter the community, enlarge
your country, increase taxes and extend civil-
ization. The same principle applies here.
You propose to do this for what purpose ? To
encourage certain persons to rebuild a great
city that has been destroyed, for the benefit
of the population there, for the benefit of the
country, for the benefit of commerce, for the
benefit of civilization, and everything thai
applies to the same principle as applicable to
other things.
The Senator is also mistaken in supposing
that at the time the Portland bill was passed
it was passed without a full discussion and
understanding. If he will examine the Globe
he will find a discussion running over more
