4136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
unjust to the public business that we should
continue this session any longer. If there is
any further session of Congress needed after we
have been in session for eight long months 
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. Only
B\x months.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me ; how long were we in session last spring?
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. That
■was anoiher session of Congress.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This Con-
gress has been in session since it Came into
existence on the 4th of March of last year for
eight months. I want a new session to begin,
because the call of the States was begun over
eight months ago for resolutions, and has not
got down through the State of Maine.
Mr. DAWES. Dd'you want a new session
of Congress for that?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do, if
we are going to have any session at all. We
were here in the spring tor two months with-
out any committees, and we are now attempt-
ing to act for two months without any rules.
Mr. DAWES. Suppose we have a new
session, where will we begin with the call of
the States ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
looking at that point just now. I am only
saying how long we have been here, and how
little we have done during this session. That
has always been the way with a presidential
Congress, as it is Called. I ventured to pre-
dict as much last fall before the people that
there.would not bo anything done by Congress,
and I was taken to task for it very strongly.
But 1 now call attention to the fact that what
J then stated has come true. Now let us bring
this matter to a close, and put the responsi-
bility upon the Executive or upon the Senate,
where it belongs, if we cannot get through the
public business by the time fixed.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the Executive desire
to call an extra session ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know; I have never asked him, and I do not
propose to ask him. And if I had done so, I
should not be like some men who come here
and retail the opinions of the President in
order to carry a point; I give that notice.
Now, then, a little further about this matter.
We here in the House are through with the
business before us. What has caused this
necessity for au extension of time? It is
because while one branch of a given parlia-
mentary body of which I have knowledge has
•worked all night to finish its business, and
attempted to come up to the time fixed for
adjournment,, in another branch of that same
parliamentary body of which 1 am speaking
a speech of four hours' length was interjected
between the public business and the expiring
hours of the session, with the intent to destroy
the Republican party; and that was followed
by another speech of two hours long for the
same purpose.
Those speeches were made on a motion to
indefinitely postpone the sundry civil appro-
priation bill. It is upon those who brought
forward those speeches, and upon those who
are aiding and abetting them, that the respon-
sibility of an extra session will rest, if upon
anybody, for want of passing the appropria-
tion bills.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit that the gentle-
man fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Botler] is not
within the proper limits of debate upon this
motion. The conduct of the Senate is not the
subject of discussion here.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
hear the point of order made by the gentleman.
The St'EAKER. It h that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Buxleii] is out of
order in referring to the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not said a wotid about the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was un-
doubtedly referring to the Senate, and the
Chair sustains the point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well; I will not say anything more about the
Senate. [Laughter.] The Chair having de-
cided that I did talk about the Senate when I
was very careful not to even say " Senate," I
will not say anything more about the Senate.
[Laughter.] I was saying that it was not
upon the House that .this responsibility will
rest, not upon the Republican majority of the
House, not upon the Republican party that
this responsibility comes. We have worked
honestly and faithfully more night sessions
and more hours, and with less whisky drank
at night sessions, than any other Congress
ever did. We have worked up the public
business in good faith to adjourn on the 29th
of May. Four months ago I asked the House
to adopt the resolution to adjourn on the 29th
of May, and we should have adjourned on the
Sd of Juue if it had not been for something
that I cannot talk about, [laughter,] but
something that everybody knows about. Now,
that being the condition of things, I hope we
will concur in the resolution of the Senate
rescinding the resolution for final adjourn-
ment.
Mr. HALE. If that resolution should be
rescinded, when does the gentleman believe
we will be able to adjourn?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I might
make answer to that question, but I dare not
say anything about what might happen in the
Senate. But I will go so far as to say that so
far as the House is concerned we might get
off to-morrow morning; but as it depeuds
upon a body that I do not talk about and can-
not talk about, we might not get off under a
fortnight. Now, let us agree with the Senate
to rescind, and then let the responsibility of
carrying on the session fall where it belongs.
If it falls on the Senate, be it so ; if on the
House, be it so ; but in any event let the
House place itself on proper ground.
I see that my colleague, the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Dawes,] is very anxious that I shall sit down,
in order that he may follow me. He has
always been very strenuous to adjourn this
session of Congress. He offered five resolu-
tions—four, I believe ; I take one back.
Mr. CONGER. I object to the gentleman
taking back one. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Perhaps
I ought not to.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Is the House now in
order?
The SPEAKER. The House is not in
order.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I do not want the
Speaker to get mad about it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
occasion for any expression of that kind.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Only because the
Speaker got mad at me the other day .and 
[Other remarks were not heard in conse-
quence of raps of the Speaker's gavel.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
"Wisconsin is in gross disrespect of the Chair.
Mr. ELDREDGE. So was the Speaker in
gross disrespect of me the other day when he
got angry at me when I only raised a question
of order and demanded an appeal. I want
to say now that the Speaker was angry then
without cause.
Mr. DICKEY. I would suggest that the
gentleman from Wisconsin is angry now with-
out cause.
Mr. ELDREDGE. No, I am not. I merely
want to raise a question of order which 1 have
a right to have ruled upon.
The SPEAKER. What question does the
gentleman desire to raise ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Simply that the other
day when I raised a simple question of order
and demanded an appeal the Speaker got
angry because I raised that question, and
undertook to beat me down with his gavel and
turned his back upon the House when I raised
that question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman
desire that point of order renewed?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Oh, no; I do not wish
the Speaker to rule upon it. He did that the
other day.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to
occupy one moment upon this point.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there any point before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has the right
to make a statement, and he begs the attention
of members while he does so. On the day
before yesterday a portion of the members of
the House, for reasons sufficient to themselves,
resorted to dilatory motions, which they had
a perfect right to do under the rules. A mo-
tion had been made to fix the day to which the
House would adjourn, on which the yeas and
nays were ordered. Previously to that a mo-
tion had been made to adjourn, on which the
yeas and nays were ordered. While the roll
was being called on the motion to fix the day
to which the House would adjourn some mem-
bers on the sameside of the House as the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin refrained from voting
for reasons well known to themselves ; so that
when the vote was declared it appeared tbat
there was not a quorum voting. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin, as gentlemen of the
House will remember, attempted thereupon to
obtrude another dilatory motion, which was
that a call of the House be ordered. The rule
provides that—
" Before the House adjourns it is proper to fix the
time to which it shall adjourn ; but when less than
a quorum is present no motion can be entertained
except to adjourn or for a call of the House."
The motion to adjourn was already pending;
and the rule continues—
" Consecjjuentlv at such a time the motion to ad-
journ would take precedence."
The Chair merely ordered the Clerk to call
the roll. The gentleman from Wisconsin, in
attemptingto interrupt the roll-call, was grossly
out ot order, and of course the Chair determ-
ined that he should not interrupt the proceed-
ings of the House. The gentleman had no
right to make an appeal; there was nothing
on which an appeal could possibly be based.
It was an absolute violation of the rules of
decorum for the gentleman to attempt to take
the floor; and the Chair did not allow him to
do so. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] has been recognized.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I wish to know whether
I have not the right to give my statement of
the case ?■
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman. There is no roll-call pending,
however, or the Chair would not hear him.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I do not wish to make
any remark which shall seem to be offensive
to the Speaker. I have always maintained
good relations with him, and I have always
thought that he endeavored to .do so with jne.
On the occasion referred to I simply raised a
question of order. My colleague [Mr. Hazel-
ton"] asked unanimous consent of the House,
while I was raising my question, to submit a
proposition. The Speaker asked die if I
yielded to him to make his proposition. I
said I did without waiving any question of
right with regard to the question 1 proposed
to raise. The gentleman offered it, and .an
objection was made. The Speaker ordered
the Clerk to commence the call of the roll. I
stated at the first opportunity I stood on my
feet waiving no question of right, and the
Speaker got angry, I thought, and exhibited
his anger to the House by rapping me down.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin_ ia not correct in supposing that the
Chair is angry every time he uses his gavel, as
