500
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Ho. of Eeps.
Alabama Claims—Mr. Roberts.
42d Cong-....2d Sess.
Let us review the course of the English Gov-
ernment during the short time that intervened
between the 22d of March and the 13th of May,
the date of the queen's proclamation.
On the 22d of March they declared, through
Lord Russell to Mr. Dallas, that they would
regret the dissolution of the Union, even if
consented to by the United States, but that
the opposition of the northern States to separ-
ation would make her Majesty's Government
reluctant to take any step which might encour-
age or sanction such separation, and yet we
find them about this very time seeking a con-
ference with the Government of Prance to
solicit cooperation in granting belligerent rights
to the South, so as to commit France to their
contemplated action. On the 9th of April
there was no ostensible change in their policy,
but on the 1st of May the news froip. Fort
Sumter had been received in England, and
then the mask began to drop off; then, for the
first time, Mr. Dallas was informed of the
intrigue with France.
On the 4th of May the southern delegates
were received, when they assur.ed Russell
that the South meant to dissolve the Uriion,
promised free trade with England and plenty
of cotton; and presto the whole conduct of
England changed as if by magic. On the 6th
of May, Russell announced in the House of
Commons the intention of the Government to
grant belligerent rights to the South. On the
13th, the very day of the arrival of Minister
Adams, for whom, he promised to wait before
taking action one way or the other, the
queen's proclamation was in print, acknowl-
edging the southern States as belligerents.
Here is a perfect epitome of English states-
manship for centuries crowded into a few short
weeks. Lying, selfish, and treacherous, with-
out honor, without principle, and without a
particle Of good faith or honor, wailing and
watching for the opportunity to spring a pro-
clamation of neutrality that would fan the
embers of rebellio'n into a blaze, and fire with
hope of success and the spirit of resistance the
people of the South before they had a ship
upon the ocean or an army in the field. Well
might Secretary Seward say:
"That it must be deemed equivalent to a delib-
erate resolution by her Majesty's Government that
the American Union, which has so long constituted
a sovereign nation, shall be now permanently dis-
solved, and eeaso to exist forever."
Had England arrested her hostile course
toward the United States when she granted and
induced other nations to grant belligerency to
the South ; had she carried out in good faith
her proclamation of so-called neutrality, as
other nations did, we could not call in ques-
tion her right to do so much as every man
who loved the Republic, North, South, East,
and West, might deplore the fact, and condemn
as unparalleled in the history of nations the
precipitate manner in which it was issued.
But when we remember that it was like a Trojan
horse intended for our destruction; that it was
but the pretext for open and shameless viola-
tions of her neutral obligationsof laws that
England had ever been foremost in demanding
fidelity to from others; that it was in fact the
magic wand which was to turn every sea-port
under British jurisdiction all over the world
into confederate harbors from which issued
British ships, manned by British sailors and
armed with British cannon and powder and
ball, to capture and destroy American ships
and commerce under the guise of the confeder-
ate flag; when we remember that it was the ex-
cuse for turning England into a mint and arsenal
for the confederacy, and for denying to Ameri-
can vessels of war the privileges exteadeclto ves-
sels of o' her nations, and especial]/ to confed-
erate privateers, we can understand the nature
and object of her most gracious Majesty's strict
and impartial neutrality, and measure the .
honor, honesty, and friendship of her loyal
subjects by the unerring standard of their own
deeds and declarations from the opening to the
close of our civil war.
I now pass from the circumstances attend-
ing the issuing of the queen's proclamation
of neutrality to the conduct of her ministers,
magistrates, officials of every grade, and sub-
jects in England, Bermuda, her West Indian
islands, and Australia. First, we have the
intrigues of Russell and Lyons with the con-
federacy in requiring its assent to those por-
tions of the declaration of Paris which were
advantageous to England and the confeder-
acy, and the refusal of England to receive the
assent of the United States Government to
the propositions in their entirety. The parties
to the treaty of Paris in 1856 agreed to four
propositions as principles which,, were to be
binding on the nations agreeing to them, and
were to be accepted entire by other nations or
not at all. The propositions were that free
ships should make free goods; that neutral
property on board an enemy's ship should not
be subject to confiscation unless contraband
of war, the abolition of privateering, and the
necessity of a blockade being effective to be
binding.
The United States notified the English Gov-
ernment in May, 1861, of its willingness to
accede to the four propositions of the Paris
treaty. Lord Russell evaded the matter by
saying that he preferred the negotiation should
be conducted by Lord Lyons in Washington,
carefully concealing from Mr. Adams the fact
that Lord Lyons had Instructions to get the con-
federacy to announce its assent to all the prop-
ositions, except that relating to privateering.
The confederate congress complied with
this desire of England, secretly conveyed by
Lord Lyons to the English consul at Charles-
ton, and through him to the confederate author-
ites; and the British Government, after various
delays and subterfuges, refused to accept the
assent of the United States to the four propo-
sitions, because it would compel the South to
abolish privateering, the arm which England
relied upon to destroy the commerce of her
rival; apd although the treaty made it obliga-
tory upon the parties to it to refuse the assent
of other-nations to the proposition unless the
four were accepted in their entirety, yet Eng-
land disregarded this obligation, and accepted
or rejected as suited her interests, although
forty-two independent Powers were parties to
it, thus furnishing conclusive evidence of her
total disregard for treaty obligations.
The next notable public act of Great Brit-
ain which showed her animus toward us
occurred in November, 1861. A United States
naval officer seized and removed from on
board an English vessel, the Trent, on the
high seas, four prominent representatives of
the southern confederacy. This was adopting
England's theory and practice. It was a right
she always claimed and invariably exercised
when necessary. During the American Rev-
olution she seized on board one of our ships
two nephews of General Washington, and com-
pelled them to serve as common sailors. It
was the very general exercise of this so-called
right that superinduced the war of 1812, and
to this day she hasaot renounced it.
But the first battle of Bull Run b,ad been
fought in July of that year, and the defeat of
the Union Army had emboldened England.
Consternation and misgiving for the Republic
had spread throughout the States. The friends
of the Union were despondent, and its enemies
proportionately exultant. The time seemed
favorable for England to openly take part in
our quarrel, and thus insure, as she supposed,
our certain destruction as a great nation. She
at once demanded the return of the captives,
and accompanied the demand with orders to
her minister to demand his passports and
leave Washington if the demand was not com-
plied with in seven days. She commenced
preparations for war on an immense scale,
openly and ostentatiously. Her press fanned
the flame of animosity against us. Her navy-
yards were employed day and night. Soldiers
were enlisted and hurried off to Canada, so as
to have them ready to carry war and death
into our country at a moment's notice.
Russell was informed by Mr. Adams that the
American Government disavowed the act of
its officers, but England never relaxed in her
open and avowed preparations for war until
the southern representatives were returned,
and returned, too, under circumstances of the
most humiliating character to a great nation
like the United States; for we not alone com-
plied with her demand under an open and
ostentatious threat of war, but in face of the
fact that we had already, through the Secretary
of the Navy, approved of the seizure of the
southern commissioners and complimented the
officer who made it. I do not justify the action
of Captain Wilkes; I consider it an indefens-
ible exercise of authority; but England always
claimed the right of seizure. Custom had made
it a law with her, and of all nations she should
be the last to consider it a cause of war, espe-
cially when the act of Captain Wilkes was not
designed as an insult to Great Britain. But,
as her attorney general declared in 1864 :
"Their rules of international law were elastic,
contracting or expanding according to her temporal
interests. You lay down a law as a belligerent which
you will not as a neutral submit to."
I will now proceed to consider the manner in
which England enforced her proclamation of
neutrality.
It is, of course, well understood that when the
leaders of the southern confederacy resolved
to secede from the Union their great object
and desire must have been to get recognized as
belligerents by European nations, for upon
this depended in a great measure the success
or failure of their undertaking. Without this
hope or expectation to inspire and encourage
them, they would have been the veriest fools
to have commenced a rebellion against the
Federal Government. They had no navy and
no means of building one, and their only hope
lay in receiving ships from abroad. They had
no army and no facilities for equipping one, or
of adequately sustaining it when once in the
field. In fact, although the southern States
were overflowing with wealth, they were de-
void of those indispensable requisites which
so gigantic a struggle demanded, and hence
the overwhelming necessity for recognition
as belligerents. Accordingly they dispatched
agents to England to ask for recognition, which
was speedily granted, at>d others to procure
materials of war and a navy, or, what would
amount to the same thing, vessels built with
all the appliances of vessels of war to act as
privateers. An agent, named Bullock, was
therefore sent to England for this purpose, and
acted in the capacity of assistant secretary of
the confederate navy from the outbreak to
the close of the rebellion. His first act was
to get built at Liverpool the Florida, an iron
screw steam gun-boat. She left Liverpool on
the 22d of March, 1862, fitted out as a man-
of-war, with one hundred and seventy-eight
tons of arms and fifty-two men on board.
Mr. Adams frequently called the attention
of the English Government to this vessel dur-
ing her construction, and furnished sworn
evidence of the most conclusive character that
she was intended for a privateer to prey upon
American commerce; but Russell pretended
to doubt the fact, and finally permitted her to
sail in command of officers who were sent
by the confederate government for that pur-
pose. She sailed for Nassau, and completed
