1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
year 1769. I move that this petition be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library, and
I hope that committee will give it most kindly
attention.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
William H. Brangan and thirty-two others,
"workers in variousindustries, citizens of Bucks
county, Pennsylvania, praying for a repeal of
the duties on tea, coffee, and such other arti-
cles as cannot be produced in the United
States, and remonstrating against any change
in the duties on articles which can be success-
fully produced in this country; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of T. Thomp-
son and others, of Juniata county, Pennsyl-
vania, remonstrating against a change of the
existing tariff laws abatmgor abolishing duties
upon such articles as are produced in this
country, and praying for the repeal of all
duties upon tea, coffee, and such other arti-
cles of necessity and comfort as cannot be
produced in the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
furnaces, ore mines, and other industrial pur-
suits, citizens of Montgomery county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for a repeal of the duties on
tea, coffee, and such other articles as cannot
be produced in the United States, and remon-
strating against any change in the duties on
articles which can be successfully produced in
this country; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of numer-
ous iron-workers of Lebanon and Schuylkill
counties, Pennsylvania, praying for a repeal
of the duties on tea and coffee, and such other
articles as cannot be produced in the United
States, and remonstrating against reduction
of duties on articles manufactured in this
country; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Kansas, favoring the recogni-
tion of the belligerent rights of the people of
Cuba ; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
, Mr. FKELINGIIUYSEN presented a peti-
tion of merchants of Newark, New Jersey,
praying that if the bill for the repeal of the
duties on tea and coffee should become a law
it shall not take effect for at least ninety days
after its enactment; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT. I present four memorials,
one from women residents of Ohio; another
from women residents of Illinois; another
from women residents of St. Louis, Missouri;
and the fourth signed by two hundred and
sixty-six workingwomen of the city of Bhila-
delphia, all remonstrating against the passage
of a law extending the right of suffrage to
women. I move the reference of these memo-
rials to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN presented the memorial of
the mayor and cily council of the city of
Pensacola, in relation to the Pensacola bay
and harbor; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. VTCKEKS. I present the petition'of
Mary F. IS. Purcell, widow of William F. Pur-
cell, late judge of the orphans' court of the
District of Columbia, praying for the amount
of his salary from the abolition of that court
in July, I860, to the time of his death in De-
cember, 1871. It is recommended by George
P. Fisher, esq., and many other attorneys of
Washington city. I move the reference of the
petition to the Committee on tho District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of G.
W. Burnett and several hundred others, set-
tlers on the Cherokee neutral lands, pray-
ing the interference of Congress to protect
them in their rights as settlers, and also in
favor of the bill (S. No. 558) for the relief
of actual settlers upon the Cherokee neutral
lands in Kansas; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a resolution of the Union
Merchants' Exchange, of St. Louis, Missouri,
praying that if the bill for the repeal of the
duties on tea and coffee should become a law
it shall not take effect for at least ninety days
after its enactment; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of H. F. Fick-
bohn and others, midshipmen, members of the
class of 1870, remonstrating against the pro-
motion of certain members of their class, by
which injustice has been done; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
Henry Guth, of the city of New York, pray-
ing that the tariff laws be so amended as to
admit imported glass tubes used in the man-
ufacture of philosophical apparatus free of
duty; which was'referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented the petition of.Leopold
Harpeles, praying the payment of arrears of
bounty; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER presented three petitions
of citizens of Michigan, praying the organiza-
tion of a new judicial district in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Ho also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, late soldiers of the Army, praying
the passage of an act giving $8 33J per month
for the entire time served, deducting all Gov-
ernment bounty paid; also asking that the
twenty-fifth section of the act of July 15,1870,
be so amended as to allow bounty land to
honorably discharged soldiers without the re-
quirements of settlement and cultivation ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. RICE. I present a petition of persons
describing themselves as citizens of the Cher-
okee nation, praying for the establishment of
a district court at Fort Gibson, in that terri-
tory. 1 move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the J udiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a
memorial of lumber manufacturers of Mus-
kegon, Michigan, represen ting the manufacture
of three hundred and thirty-five million feet
of lumber, remonstrating against the passage
of the bill for the relief of the sufferers by fire
at Chicago ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, remonstrating against a
reduction of the duty on foreign wool; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONKLING presented the memorial
of David Wolfe Bruce, James Bruce, and
James Lindsay, type-founders in the city of
New York, protesting against any reduction
of the duties now imposed on foreign printing
type, and praying that the rate of duty on typo
of foreign manufacture maybe increased to
fifty per cent., so that this branch of Amer-
ican industry may be fostered and the inter-
ests of American printers be thereby pro-
moted; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying that if the law abolishing
or reducing duties on tea and coffee shall pass,
at least six months' time be granted before the
same shall take effect, so that all may be pre-
pared alike to meet the change; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
_ Mr. BOREMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Jefferson county, West Virginia,
deprecating any further extension of time to
the purchasers of the water privileges at Har-
per's Ferry, as not only an unjustifiable but
a cruel sacrifice of the material interests of
that community in furtherance of the
of speculators who for more than two years
past have given no evidence whatever of an
honest intention either to improve or pay for
them, and therefore earnestly praying Con-
gress to pass a bill authorizing the Secretary
of War, in his discretion, to enforce payment
or accept of the surrender of these water priv-
ileges; also, in other cases to enforce pay-
ment, to grant extension, or to take back the
property ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of James
Nichols, of Madison county, North Carolina ;
of Joseph W. Green, of Rutherford county,
North Carolina; of B. F. Hoover, of Ran-
dolph county, North Carolina; of Joel F.
Hill, of Stokes county, North Carolina; of S.
C. W. Tate, of Burke county, North Carolina;
of James R. Love, of Jackson county, North
Carolina; and of G. M. Webb, of Cleveland
county, North Carolina, praying the removal
of their political disabilities; which were
referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. STOCKTON presented a memorial of
citizens of New Jersey, remonstrating against
any change in the existing tariff on articles
successfully produced in this country, and
praying that the duty on tea and coffee may
be repealed; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RICE. I ask unanimous consent of
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 382, to provide for appropri-
ating money to build a court-house at Little
Rock, Arkansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
call of reports of committees the Senator from
Arkansas asks unanimous consent that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill in regard to public buildings at Little
Rock, Arkansas. Is there objection?
Mr. RICE. After it is taken up I will yield
for morning business.
Mr. COLE. I performed yesterday the dis-
agreeable duty of objecting to a like proposi-
tion made from St. Louis ; and I hope the
Senator will not insist upon taking up these
bills now out of their order on the Calendar. I
do not know why they should have preference
over other bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects, and reports of com-
mittees are now in order.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
John P. Wolf and Jacob H. Brown, praying
compensation for horses taken for the use of
the Army in Colorado in the year 1865, re-
ported adversely thereon, and moved that the
petitioners have leave to withdraw their peti-
tion and papers; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 112) for the
relief of G. S. Baker, of Maryville, Missouri,
for the reissue of a certain bond, reported it
without amendment, and submitted a report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Elizabeth Winter,
praying compensation for the destruction of
property in Columbus, Georgia, during the
late war, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 50) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to settle and pay
the accounts of Colonel James F. Jaques, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted a
report thereon ; which, together with the testi-
mony accompanying the same, was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 699) fixing the salaries of the United
States attorney and the United States marshal
for the district of Nebraska, reported it with
an amendment.
