2344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
paying teller, #2,300; coin receiving teller, $2,300;
assistant coin receiving teller, $2,200; chief of cou-
pon interest division, $2,300; chief of fractional
currency division, $2,500; register of coin certifi-
cates, *2,200; one clerk, $2,050; ninoclerks, at $2,000
each, $18,000; one book-keeper, $1,900; one book-
keeper, Si,850; four book-keepers, at $1,800 each,
$7,200; five clerks, at $1,800 each, $9,000; three
clerks, at $1,750 each, $5,250; four clerks, at $1,700
each, $6,808; one clerk, $1,600: four clerks, at $1,500
each, $6,000; six clerks, at $1,400 each, $8,400; three
clerks, at $1,300 each, $3,909; one clerk, J&1.2O0 : one
elerk, $1,000; two messengers, at $1,300 each, $2,600;
six messengers, at tour dollars per day each, $7,512;
one messenger, $800; one keeper of building, $1,800 ;
one engineer. $1,000; one porter, $900; six watch-
men, at two dollars per day each, $4,380; onewutoh-
man, $600; chief detective, $1,800, assistant de
tective, $1,400.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non concurrence.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations are satisfied that the
principle ot this amendment of the Senate is
a good one, namely, instead of making an
appropriation in the lump, specifying the ob-
jects for which the money is to be paid. The
reason why the committee recommend non-
concurrence in the amendment is that the
amount has been increased, and we desire to
have a conference with the Senate and perhaps
adopt their plan of distributing the money,
and at the same time get them back, if we can,
to the House figures.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
The Clerk read the thirty-ninth amendment,
as follows:
Strike out the following: "for clerks a.nd messen-
gers, $23,000; forthree watchmen,$2,160;" andinsert
the following:
For paying teller, $2,500; one interest clerk, 5>2,500;
receiving teller, $1,800; one clerk. 51,800; onebook-
keeper, $1,700; two clerk*, at *>1,500 each, $3,000;
two clerks, at$l,400 each.$2,800; twoclerks, at$1.2O0
each, $2,400; one clerk, $1,100; two clerks, at $1,000,
each, $2,000; one clerk, $800; two watchmen, at$350
each, $1,700: one messenger and watchman, $1,060.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee recom-
mend non-concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Non-concur-
rence is recommended in this amendment as
well as the fortieth and forty-first for the same
reason which 1 have explained as applicable
to the thirty-eighth amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The fortieth and forty-first amendments
were read, and non-concurred in.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to come in at the foot of page 29.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
returning to page 29 for the purpose of an
amendment? The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to amend the
fortieth amendment of the Senate by striking
out, as the salary of the chief interest clerk
of the Assistant Treasurer at Philadelphia,
"$1,900" and inserting '"$2,400;" also, by
striking out, as the salary of the registered inter-
est clerk, "$1,700" and inserting ''$2,400."
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to this amend-
ment. It is an increase even over the amount
appropriated by the Senate.
Mr. L. MYERS. When this bill was passed
in the House an appropriation for these
officers was made in gross. The Senate has
separated the items; but by some accident,
either in the Senate or in the committee, the
estimates of the Secietary of the Treasury as to
these two officers have not been conformed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that the amendment cannot bo entertained,
aa it proposes to amend an amendment of
the Senate which has already been non-con-
curred in.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken if the statement of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is correct.
Mr. L. MYERS. Do I understand the Chair
to say that my amendment ii out of order; that
when the Committee on Appropriations rec-
ommend non-concurrence in an amendment,
I may not move to amend that amendment?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have already
ou the question.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask the Chair to decide
the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Indiana and the gentleman from Ohio be cor-
rect as to the matter of fact, the point of order
is well taken.
Mr. L. MYERS. As to what fact?
The CHAIRMAN. As to the fact that the
amendment has beeu non-concurred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Thatis the fact.
The CHAIRMAN. Then there is nothing
to which the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania can apply.
The forty-eighth amendment was read, as
follows:
Strike out "$1,500," as the salary of the assayer at
New Yoik, and insert " $3,000."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that we
ought to concur in this amendment. The bill
proposes to appropriate for the salary of the
superintendent, of the assay office at New York
$4,500, and for salary of assayer the same
amount. The Senate proposes to amend by
reducing to $3,000 the amount to be paid to
the latter officer. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] whether
S3,000 has not been the salary heretofore?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will state to
the gentleman the reason why the committee
recommend non-concurrence in this amend-
ment. The very question as to the amounts
which should be appropriated for salaries of
these officers was raised in the House when
this bill was under consideration ; and the
House inserted $4,500 as the salary of the
assayer and the deputy treasurer respectively.
1 will remark further that the salaries of all
officers of the assay office of New York are
fixed under the provisions of law by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. I think that a bad
arrangement. I believe the salaries ought to
be fixed bylaw, and that no head of a Depart-
ment should be charged with fixing the rate
of such salaries. But the law is as I have
stated ; and the Secretary of the Treasury has
fixed $4,500 as the salary of each of these offi-
cers. Last year, however, Congress appropri-
ated but $3,000 for this purpose, and that was
the amount which each officer received. This
year we received a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury stating that the law authorizes
him to fix the salary of these officers; that he
had fixed it at S4.500, and he believed the offi-
cers could collect that amount through the
courts. The committee reported the facts to
the House, and the House agreed to appropri-
ate $4,500. The Senate has reduced the ap-
propriation in each case to $3,000. But the
Committee on Appropriations, so far as I am
able to tell from the consultation I have had
with different members, are willing to concur
in these two amendments. We, however, felt
ourselves instructed by the action of the House
to report in favor of non-concurrence. At the
same time we are ready to let the House
determine the question.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the law fixes these sal-
aries at ยง4,500, I do not regard it as wise
policy for us to appropriate any less sum;
for we are all aware that in such a case the full
amount would sooner or later be paid. I sug-
gest to the gentleman from Ohio that there
is an evil here which ought to be remedied,
for the salary of the assayer and the salary of
the melter and refiner ought not to be the
same as the salary of the superintendent of
the assay office at New York; that is, they
ought not to be all put at $-4,500. I do not
think it is a wise policy. The Senate pro-
posed to make the salary of the assayer $3,000,
and I do not think there is any injustice in
making this discrimination between the salary
of the superintendent and the assayer.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not de-
fend the system, but I say this system we
found in existence, and we have been follow-
ing it along. It is a question whether, if we
concur with the Senate in this amendment,
these gentlemen would not come in and make
claim under the law for their salary and get
the full amount.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no doubt such would
be the result.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But it ought to
have been provided for in this section, that
their salaries should be as the Senate pro-
poses. The gentleman from Indiana is always
ready to reserve points of order, and he re-
served points of order on this appropriation
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I never reserve points of
order upon amendments which are in the
interest of economy.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
has reserved points of order which would pre-
vent any' new legislation in any of these appro-
priation bills, and new legislation is necessary
in order to make the change.
Mr. HOLMAN. On this statement of the
facts I withdraw my objection to the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection being
withdrawn, the amendment of the Senate will
be non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the forty-ninth amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
Strike out "$4,500," andinsert " 53,000;" so it will
read, " for salary of deputy treasurer, $3,000."
Mr. SARGENT. I am astonished that the
gentleman from Indiana is so easily convinced
as to withdraw his objection to the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Appropria-
tions in non-concurring in the forty-eighth
amendment of the Senate. He generally spends
half an hour over an increase of $500, and
here is an increase of $3,000, $1,500 in each
case, and he withdraws all objection, although
he his expressed himself as perfectly satisfied
that the Senate amendment making the reduc-
tion ought to prevail. This exceedingly ques-
tionable subject of legislation was referred to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and he raised
the salary of these two officers from $3,000 to
$4,500, although this House had only recom-
mended $3,000 for each of them. I think the
Secretary of the Treasury had no right to take
such action, and increase the salary of these
officers $1,500 each. It was merely as a matter
of courtesy that we permitted the question of
non-concurrence, not because it expressed the
opinion of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. HOLMAN. On this new statement of
the facts in the case I must insist, on my propo-
sition. It seems now that the Senate amend-
ment ought to be concurred in.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late to insist
on the proposition in reference to the forty-
eighth amendment, asthatamendmenthas been
Mr. SARGENT. I think we had better con-
cur in the Senate amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That can only be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. There will be no objection
to it.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
the question being taken on the forty-eighth
amendment of the Senate?
Mr. L. MYERS. Yes, sir; I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I did not understand that
we had reached the forty-ninth amendment of
the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair had declared
the action of the committee on the forty-eighth
amendment, and the forty-ninth amendment
was read by the Clerk.
Mr. SARGENT. I supposed I was speaking
on the forty-eighth amendment of the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The forty-eighth amend-
ment had been passed and the forty-ninth
amendment reported by the Clerk.
.Mr. HOLMAN. We can have a vote ou
the question in the House.
_ Mr. SARGENT. Is it too late to call for a
division ?
