1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
that is one of the necessary means for bringing
the House to order.
. Mr. ELDREDGE. Oh, no, Mr. Speaker,
I know that is not so. Sometimes you use it
with great propriety, but on that occasion I
thought you used it with great impropriety.
[Great laughter.] All I have to say in regard
to that is this: when I raised the question
the Speaker said I was grossly out of order.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman state
what question he raised?
Mr. ELDREDGE. The question I raised
was this: that I raised a question of order.
The SPEAKER. But what was it?
Mr. ELDREDGE. The question is imma-
terial. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. I hope the gentleman
from Wisconsin will state it for the benefit of
the House.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Now, you will recol-
lect that I did not interrupt the Speaker in his
statement. [Laughter.] The Speaker is
constantly interrupting me. I beg pardon of
the House, and I beg pardon of the Speaker.
The question I raised might be grossly wrong.
Jt probably was. [Laughter.] Of course we
all know the Speaker is generally right.
Mr. STEVENSON. And you are generally
wrong. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. Some gentleman over
the way says I am generally wrong. That
probably is so. I rose to take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and the Chair
rapped me down by the free use of his gavel,
and then turned around in his chair as though
he was angry. That is my point of order. I
thought the Speaker had no right to lose his
temper so long as I did not lose mine, and that
is the only point I have to make.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules that
point of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. The Chair has the right
to overrule it, but nevertheless I must insist
I was not out of order even though he does
overrule the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say
that he did not show any temper on that occa-
sion, and he did not intend any personal dis-
respect or unkindness to the honorable gen-
tleinau from Wisconsin. At a time when dila-
tory motions are being made the Chair will
give the minority all the rights to which they
are entitled under the rules, but he will not
allow any more than they are entitled to. The
majority have rights as well as the minority,
and it is the duty of the Chair to faithfully
administer the rules of the House, and he
claims to have done no more. For that rea-
son, and that reason only, the Chair ruled the
gentleman from Wisconsin out of order, with-
out entertaining any feeling of personal un-
kindness to him whatever.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I accepted the state-
ment of the Chair, and can only add that it is
entirely satisfactory to me. The only point I
rose to" was that the Speaker got angryr and
I thought he ought not to have done so.
[Laughter ]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor, and will
resume his remarks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, when interrupted I was saying that
undoubtedly my friend and colleague from
Massachusetts was trying to get the floor after
me, and I trust he will. He was so anxious
to adjourn last spring that he introduced four
or five resolutions to that effect. He has
now offered resolutions twice fixing the time
of final adjournment. Both have been con-
curred in by the Senate. The Senate have to-
day rescinded the resolution fixing the day for
final adjournment, and I hope the House will
concur with the Senate in that motion. At
auy rate I protest as strongly as I ought to,
and as respectfully as I must, against con-
tinuing the session of Congress any longer
without any rules for the Government of the
House by the suspension of all the rules on
every occasion.
Mr. DAWES. I presume, Mr. Speaker,
everybody in this House is desirous of a final
adjournment of Congress, not an adjournment
for a day or two.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, this is a
most important question, and I hope the
House will come to order.
The SPEAKER called the House to order,
and requested members to resume their seats.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I believe
every member in the House is desirous of
effecting a final adjournment of Congress at
the earliest possible day, not a temporary
adjournment which will result in calling us
back to an indefinite continuance of the ses-
sion during the hot weather. I concur with
my colleague in the views which he entertained
a short time since that it is dangerous to sit
here during the hot weather. [Laughter.]
And, Mr. Speaker, in order to bring about
a final adjournment at the earliest possible
moment, when the business in the other brapch
will be completed, so that the resolution will
really effect a final adjournment, I have taken
some pains to consult with those in the other
branch who seem to know most about the busi-
ness there. And recognizing the fact that on
one or two days of the coming week it will be
very difficult, if not impossible, to keep a quo-
rum in that branch, I have after consultation
there made up my mind to offer an amend-
ment to this resolution which will fix the final
adjournment of Congress for Monday week.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution as it comes from the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
In the Senate of the United Status,
June 1,1872.
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the resolution directing the
President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives to declare their respect-
ive Houses adjourned without day on Monday, the
3d day of June, at twelve o'clock meridian, be, and
the same is hereby, rescinded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moves to amend that
by substituting what the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the word "resolved," and
insert:
That the day of final adjournment of the second
session of the Forty-Second Congress be extended
to Monday, June 10, at twelve o'clock meridian, at
which time the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives shall ad-
journ their respective Houses without day.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say just a single
word further in explanation of that resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. I ask the attention of the
Chair to the point whether that amendment is
germane to the Senate resolution. This is not
a resolution of the Senate fixing a day of ad-
journment, which may be amended by fixing
another day. It is a rescinding resolution
simply.
The SPEAKER. They are both resolu-
tions with reference to the termination of the
session. The amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is entirely
germane.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say that I would
have fixed an earlier day in the coming week.
But if gentlemen will look at the position of
matters, they will see that on the first day of
next week it will be verydifficuitto get any of
the ordinarybusiness that is hanging upon the
other branch proceeded with. Everybody
knows the reason why. Then comes Tuesday.
About two days of industrious work I believe
would enable the Senate to complete the busi-
ness before them. But on Wednesday and
Thursday it is very evident that it will be
difficult to keep a quorum. Friday and Sat-
urday will be required for finishing up the busi-
ness ; and if we fix Monday, and offer that to
them, I have reason to believe they would
adopt it and work up to it, so that on Monday
week we should be,able to adjourn, all of as
gratified with a final adjournment. It seeojs
to be recognized on,all sides that the general
appropriation bill and the revenue bill are sll
that prevent the adjournment now- While, I
would gladly fix an earlier day if I thought Khat
it would bring about an earlier adjournment; I
am satisfied that the best time is liiat fixed m
my resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. W-ill my
colleague allow me to ask him a question? •
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
ask hipi if the Senate have not yoted down a
resolution fixing Monday week as the day of
adjournment?
Mr. DAWES. I know they have done?o
by two majority. Several of the members of
the Senate were engaged on committees of
conference at the time. But I am very confi-
dent, on consultation with various memhers
of the other branch, that if we send this o^r
to them, letting the public see and giving the
Senate to understand that all the time they
desire for finishing up the public business the
House of Representatives will wait upflp them,
and wait upon them patiently, so tfflh; when
they finish up the public business at that end
of the Capitol we are ready to join them in
an adjournment, and that we suggest Mon-
day week for that purpose and for no other,
they will accept it.
I call the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the substitute which has been read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has demanded
the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to yield a few
moments to gentlemen for suggestions.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not ask the gentleman
to yield unless he will allow me to offer my
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Then I insist on the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on the call of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts for the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw the calL&r
the previous question, to allow the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to offier .his
amendment, and will .then renew it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following
amendment:
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House do adjourn their respective Houses at
five o'clock p. m. on Tuesday, the 4th day of June
next, without day.
Mr. DAWES. I will say, in reference 'to
that, that nothing would gratify me more than
to bring about that result, but the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] will see that we
sent that same proposition of his over to the
Senate once to-day, and he will see that in the
present condition of things it is not likely to
be adopted. .
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of
order. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I object to it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put, and forty-seven mem-
bers voted in the affirmative.
Mr. ELDREDGE and Mr. STEVENSON
called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered, only twenty mem-
bers voting therefor.
Mr. STEVENSON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 148, not voting
4i.; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Archer, Barber, Beatty, Bigby,
Bingham, Bird, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butter, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Conner, De large.
