1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S45
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. L. MYERS. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now re-
curs on concurrence in the forty-ninth amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. They both stand upon the
same footing.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the House will
concur in the forty-ninth amendment of the
Senate. I presume it is not too late to have a
vote oil that amendment.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, if the ques-
tion is to be put on the forty-ninth amendment,
I wish to be heard. It relates to the deputy
treasurer of the assay office at New York.
His salary by law is $4,500, that is to say, as
the chairman of the committee has stated, the
Secretary of the Treasury was authorized to
fix his salary, and he fixed it at $4,500, and
the committee had the evidence of that fact
before them. The Senate propose to reduce
it $1,500 below what the law has fixed, and
the gentleman from California wants concur-
rence in that amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish the gentleman from
New York to show me the statute which fixed
his salary at $4,500. I say that is not the law.
Mr. POTTER. And I answer the gentle-
man that the chairman of his committee has
just stated that the law fixed this salary as the
Secretary of the Treasury should prescribe.
Mr. SARGENT. The matter was fully dis-
cussed in the committee, and I say it is a mat-
ter of very doubtful construction whether the
Secretary had any right to raise the salary.
That was the view taken by the last House.
The amount was put at $3,000, and no defi-
ciency was asked fur; aud I say that in iny
judgment as a lawyer there is no law author-
izing such an increase.
Mr. POTTER. The judgment of the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Sargent,] as a
lawyer, differs from the judgment of the chair-
man of the committee, and also from that of
the Attorney General of the United States.
Mr. SARGENT. And it corresponds with
the judgment of the House of Representatives
and of Congress at its last session.
Mr. POTTER. No, sir; it does not corre-
spond with the judgment of the House of Rep-
resentatives and of Congress at its last session,
because the question was not then raised.
The point of the case is this: this man, who
is a very valuable officer, will not stay at
$3,000. It is well known that there are cer-
tain people about the Department who want
to get rid of him ; and after his salary was
fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury at
$4,500, the House appropriated that amount,
and the Senate now proposes to reduce it to
$3,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I never have known an
instance where an attempt was made to raise
a salary when it was not said that the man
would leave the Government service if he did
not get more money.
Now, I think that if a .man simply stays in
an office to get mors money he ought t,o be
dispensed with, aud we should get a younger
loan to do the work.
Mr. POTTER. This is not a case of raising
salaries, but it is a case of keeping a salary at
the amount at which it is fixed by law. lliis
gentleman believes that the system of assay at
San Francisco, the system approved by the
bill which was before the consideration of the
House yesterday, is an unwise system tor
the Government, and he has said so. Hence,
an attack is made upon him on every occa-
sion and in every way, with a view to getting
his salary reduced to $3,000, that he may be
obliged to leave the service of the Govern-
merit.
The Secretary of the Treasury seeks to retain
him, and has fixed his salary at; $4,500, and has
taken the opinion of the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury on the validity of so fixing it. He has
sent in an estimate for -that amount to the
Committee on Appropriations, and the com-
mittee this year have fixed it at $4,500. The
Senate have reduced it to $3,000, and the only
reason for the reduction is to get rid of this
gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I move to amend the
amendment by increasing the amount $100.
I desire to say a word on the question before
the committee. As regards this deputy treas-
urer of the New York assay office, we have
made his acquaintance here before. All the
opposition that has arisen to the coinage bill
now pending has probably come from the same
source, and we understand it very well.
I now propose, for a single moment, to call
the attention of the committee to the law
under which it is pretended that this officer is
appointed. My opinion is that there is no law
on our statute-books actually authorizing his
appointment as a "deputy treasurer of the
Mint.'' There is no such officer provided for
in any act of Congress. No such officer exists
at Philadelphia, San Francisco, or at any other
United States mint or assay office. The law
under which this appointment was made is
found in the act of March 4, 1853, providing
for the establishment of an assay office atNew
York. It is as follows :
Sec. 10. And be it it further enacted. That the Sec-
retary of tho Treasury is hereby authorized and re-
quired to establish in the city of New York an office
tor the receipt, and for the melting, refining, part-
ing, and assaying of gold and silvei bullion and
foreign coins, and for casting the same into bars,
ingots, or disks. The Assistant Treasurer of tho
United States in New York shall be treasurer ot
the said asaay office, and tho Secretary of the
Treasury shall, with the approbation and consent of
the President of the United States, appoint such
other officers and clerks, and authorize the employ-
ment ot' such assistants, workmen and servants, as
shall be necessary for the proper conduct and man-
agement of the said office, and ot the business per-
taining thereto, at such compensation as shall be
approved by the President: Provided, Tliatthesamo
shall not exceed that allowed for corresponding ser-
vices under existing laws relating to the Mint of the
United States and its branches.
This act does not provide that the Secretary
shall appoint a ''-deputy treasurer" of the
Mint, but "such other officers and clerks as
shall be necessary for the proper conduct and
management of the Mint." And it is expressly
provided at the end of the section that the
compensation shall not exceed i; that allowed
for corresponding services under existing laws."
As there is no deputy treasurer at any other
mint, or assay office, there can be no officer
who performs corresponding service. I think
the Attorney General in the opinion upon
which the Secretary acted wholly overlooked
this important fact.
Mr. Elderman, the deputy treasurer of the
Mint, is not the United States Assistant Treas-
urer of New York, but a separate and distinct
officer.
The United States Assistant Treasurer at
New York is cxofficio treasurer of the Mint, but
has no authority to appoiut a deputy, neither
has the Secretary of the Treasury. The fol-
lowing section of the act ol March 3, 18G3,
which has been relied on confers no such
power:
guc. 13. And be it furtlter enacted. That in ease of
the sickness or unavoidable absence ot the treasurer
of the Mint, he may, at his discretion, authorise
the respective chief clerks to act in Ins place and
to discharge all the duties required by law ot the
treasurer of the Mint or Assistant Treasurer ot the
United States at Philadelphia.
It also provides—
"That the treasurer of the Mint of the United
States, by virtue of that o&cc Assistant Treasurer
ofthe United States at Philadelphia, is authorized
to designate from among the clerks in bis said onice
respectively one to act as chief clerk of the Mint and
one other to act as chief clerk of the A&aistant Treas-
urer of the United States."
It is under these sections that that power
is claimed to appoint a deputy treasurer of
the Mint. In fact, there is no such office any-
where, and this appropriation ought not to
pass.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire simply
that the action ofthe committee shall be under-
stood. The Secretary of the Treasury himself
came before the committee aud made a state-
ment that, as he construed the law, it was his
duty to designate the salaries of the persons
to be employed in -this office ; that he had so
designated the salaries, and that they had drawn
salaries according to his designation until last
year. It was the opinion of the Committee on
Appropriations that the particular salary for
this office was $3,000 instead of $4,500; but
there was no word of enactment in the appro-
priation bill of last year changing the law in
regard to the salary or fixing any other rate ;
it was only a simple failure to appropriate the
usual amount that had theretofore been paid.
Then the committee inquired of the Secretary
whether he did not regard the action of Con-
gress in appropriating $3,000 as equivalent to
a law, and he showed us that that subject bad
been referred to the Comptroller for his opin-
ion, and the Comptroller had answered that if
the money were in the Treasury he was bound
to pay a salary of $4,500. Then the Secretary
of the Treasury expressed the further opinion
that the diffeience of $1,500 could be collected
by process oflaw in the courts if people were
allowed to sue the United States. With that
view of the case the committee reported to the
House $4,500, the rate they understand to be
established by law.
As 1 said before, personally I do not care
whether the House strikes it out or not, but
I wish it understood that the Committee on
Appropriations have followed the law.
Mr. STOIIGHTON. 1 withdraw the amend-
ment.
The question recurred upon concurring in
the amendment of the Senate; and being put
there were—ayes 20, noes 10; no quorum
voting.
Mr. POTTER. I call for tellers. If the
bank of California owns this House I want
gentlemen to show it by their votes.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hale aud
Mr. Potter were appointed.
Tho committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes seventy-four, noes not counted.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The next five
amendments numbered fifty, fifty-one, fifty-
two, fifty three, and fifty-four are really one
amendment, and the committee recommends
a non-currence in all of them. We propose to
non-concur in all ot the amendments, so as to
arrange the matter in conference.
No objection was made ; and the paragraph
was read, as proposed to be amended by the
Senate, as follows;
Assay ofBce at Boise City, Iowa:
For salaries of assayer, who shall have charge of
the assay office, melter and refiner and clerk, no.400;
and the oliices ot superintendent and one clerk are
hereby abolished after July 1, 1872.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the amendment of
the Senate will be concurred in, and I cali
the attention of the chairman ofthe Commit-
tee on Appropriations to the fact that tho
House has adopted the same course with ref-
erence to the mint at Denver. It is clear that
a superintendent is not necessary at this assay
uffice. It is unnecessary for me to discuss
that matter, for there can be no question on
that point, and if a superintendent is not re-
quired, the office ought to be abolished. I he
only effect of the amendments of the Senate,
as I understand them, is to abolish the office
of superintendent and of one clerk, and to
reduce the compensation of all the officers at
this assay office from $7,000 to $5,400, a saving
of nearly two thousand dollars, buttbeohice oi
superintendent is not required. N othing is bet-
ter known than that the assay offices which we
have created all over our territories are, in the
main, not absolutely necessary for the public
