1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1449
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the bill (S. No. 543) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay certain
claims arising from the seizure and conversion
to the uses of the United States of private
personal property after the 30th day of June,
1865, and the bill (S. No. 725) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay certain claims
arising from the seizure and conversion to the
use of the United States of cotton after the
30th day of June, 1865, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration, and that they
be referred to the Committee on Claims;
which was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 203) for
the relief of Dr. Marcus Reynolds, of Sumter
county, iu the State of South Carolina, have
directed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that the bill be indefinitely post-
poned. It will be remembered that Dr. Rey-
nolds obtained an order of the Senate about a
week since to allow him to withdraw from its
files his petition and proofs, with the purpose
of prosecuting his claim to compensation else-
where. For that reason the committee recom-
mend that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Richard
H. Garrett, of Caroline county, Virginia, for
the loss of a barn and other property in the
capture of J. Wilkes Booth and D. C. Herold,
have had the same under consideration and
directed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition.
The committee are not satisfied, in the first
place, of the loyalty of the petitioner. All
that he says upon that subject in his petition
is as follows:
"Tour petitioner was opposed to the rebellion
and remedy of scccssion; was too old to take any
part in the war, and took the oath of allegiance to
the United States as soon after the close of the war
as he possibly could, and has sacredly kept it ever
since."
The petition is not sworn to, nor is there
any proof whatever on the question of his
loyalty. Besides, the committee are not satis-
fied of the sufficiency of his proofs as to the
actual loss, supposing the question of loyalty
out of the way. They therefore recommend
that he be allowed to withdraw his papers.
The committee was discharged, and leave
was granted to withdraw the petition from the
files of the Senate.
quartermaster's department.
Mr. LOGAN. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom the subject was referred, have
directed me to report a bill authorizing the
President to nominate certain officers to the
Senate who seem to have been denied that
which the statute of July 28, 1866, allowed
them by way of promotion in the quarter-
master's department. The committee have
examined the question very thoroughly, and
decided that the only means of doing justice
to these men is to report a bill authorizing the
President to nominate them to the Senate, and
the Senate to confirm them, if they should see
proper, to the grade they would have had pro-
vided they had been promoted in accordance
with that statute requiring the promotion to
be with reference to grade. As the bill is
very short, and the subject has been before
the Senate several times, I ask the Senate to
consider the bill now.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S.^No. 757)
to authorize the appointment of certain officers
in the quartermaster's department was read
twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes the President to nomin-
ate, and by and with the advice of the Sen-
ate to appoint, certain officers of the quarter-
master's department tofhepositionsthey would
have held in the department had the law of
promotions by seniority been carried out under
the act of July 28,1866, to March 3, 1869; but
no officer is to be deprived of his position or
reduced from his present grade by this bill,
nor is any pay or allowance to be made to any
officer under the bill except from date of con-
firmation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should lite to ask
whether this bill increases the number of offi-
cers, or restores officers who have been dis-
charged, dismissed, or resigned?
Mr. LOGAN*. It does not increase the num-
ber. It increases the rank of certain men who
were entitled to promotion under the act of
July 28, 1866, but others were promoted in
their stead, in the common parlance used in
the department, "jumped." After considering
the question the committee concluded that
in order to do justice to these men they would
allow them to be nominated to the grade they
would have held provided they had been pro-
moted in accordance with law, butnot to affect
any other officers. It does not increase the
number of officers, but increases the grade of
certain men.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have accomplished my
object. It seems to me it will create a great
deal of confusion in the Army to go .back five
or six years and attempt to reorganize and
restate the grade of the respective officers. It
will create a great deal of trouble.
Mr. LOGAN. Doubtless it would; but I
will state to the Senator that in examining
that question I find that this particular instance,
and one instance in the inspector general's
department, are the only instances in which
this action was taken under that statute. The
statute applied to the staff particularly, that they
should be promoted according to seniority;
but under an act passed at that time the Presi-
dent nominated to those particular positions
persons below the grade of those who were enti-
tled to the promotion ; and so in one instance
in the inspector general's department. These
are the only cases that I can ascertain where
this law was violated in that particular. I know
of no other mode iu which justice can be done
to these men except this mode, so as not to
interfere with those who were nominated to
these positions, but to give these men the rank
they were entitled to at the time.
Mr. SCOTT. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Illinois if the same injustice is not
done to that officer in the inspector general's
department who is referred to that is done to
officers in the quartermaster's department?
Mr. LOGAN. I think so.
Mr. SCOTT. Then why should there lie
an objection to inserting in the bill "the in-
spector general's department?"
Mr. LOGAN. I will state to the Senator
that in that instance I asked the officer to re-
quest the Secretary of War to give the Senate
the official information. The committee did
not deem it proper to act on the case without
official information; and that is the reason
why the name is not inserted in this bill.
When the official information is presented to
the Senate we propose to act in the same way
in that instance; and these are the only in-
stances that I can ascertain where this wrong
occurred.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to have the
proviso read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Provided. That no officer shall he deprived of his
position or reduced from his present grade by this
act, nor shall any pay or allowance be made to any
officer under this act, except from date of confirma-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that the
object of this bill is to correct an injustice, so
called, committed several years ago. Now
my inquiry is this: what will be the predica-
ment of men who have been promoted by
"jumping," and have received pay according
to their advanced rank. Will they be called
upon to refund?
Mr. LOGAN. Not at all. This bill does
not affect them. The proviso states that it
shall not affect any officer's position or grade.
It will affect no one, except that it will give
these men the ranks to which they were enti-
tled under the statute of 1866.
Mr. CONKLING. Without affecting those
who have been nominated and promoted?
Mr. LOGAN. Without affecting anybody
else at all.
Mr. CALDWELL. I merely rise to say
that I hope this bill will be considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now being
considered by unanimous consent.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have
the bill read again.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. The bill ought to in-
clude the inspector general's department.
There is a similar case there. There is no
doubt about the fact that one of the inspectors,
one of the most meritorious men in the Army,
was overslaughed—overslaughed when he was
in the service of the country on the frontier—
who by every rule, I undertake to say, of law
and of propriety, ought to have been pro-
moted ; and if there is no objection on the
part of the mover of this bill, I move to insert
the words "and the inspector general's de-
partment. ''
Mr. LOGAN. Really I do not see that
there is any objection to it. I have stated the
reason why it was not inserted in tho bill by
the committee. The committee had no official
information on the subject, and they did not
think it proper to take it upon themselves to
correct it without being officially informed.
At least that was my idea, and I was directed
to draft the bill in this form. I am satisfied
that the same wrong was done to a certain
officer in the inspector general's department.
I have no doubt of that from information I
have received from him, but not officially. I
do not know that there is any objection to
inserting the inspector general's department
in the bill.
Mr. SCOTT. That there may be no mistake
about this, I will state the fact that the officer
in the inspector general's department to whom*
reference is made is General Davis. It is in-
tended to reach his case, and I believe there is
no doubt iu the mind of any member of the
Military Committee about the fact being so,
that he has been overlooked in the same man-
ner as certain officers in the quartermaster's
department were.
Mr. WILSON. There is no doubt about it
at all, and no objection to the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I will accept that
amendment,to allow the words "and the in-
spector general's department" to be inserted
after the words "quartermaster's department."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended so as to read: "A bill
to authorize the appointment of certain offi-
cers in the quartermaster's department and
inspector general's department."
ISSUE Or CLOTHING TO ENLISTED jIBN.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 647) to authorize the
Secretary of War to issue clothing to enlisted
men in place of clothing destroyed by acci-
dent, to report it back without amendment;
and as it is a bill only seven lines long, I hope
it will be put on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as iu
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of
War, in case where clothing of the enlisted
men of the Army has been lost or destroyed
by unavoidable accident, or where the neces-
sities of the service require its destruction or
