2346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
service, and the tendency has been to diminish
the expense of them as far as possible.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to call attention to the fact that in the bill
under consideration in the House, in relation
to mints, assay offices, and coinage, we pro-
pose that the office of superintendent shall be
abolished, and that the only officers in the
Mint shall be assayers and melters.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then it is very proper
that this amendment of the Senate should be
adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The only rea-
son the Committee on Appropriations had for
recommending non-concurrence in this amend-
ment of the Senate was the fact that this very
amendment was offered to the House and did
not prevail. However, it might be said that
there was another reason for our recommend-
ation, that we did not feel precisely like turn-
ing a man out of office where there may be
politics in it. But if tjie House think they
can get along without this office I am very
willing.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
The fifty-fifth amendment of the Senate was
to insert the following among the items of
appropriation for the Territory of Arizona :
For compensation and mileage of the members of
the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and con-
tingent expenses thereof, $20,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended that the amendment of the Senate be
non-concurred in.
Mr. SARGENT. Since that recommenda-
tion was made the Committee on Appropria-
tions have again examined the subject, and
now recommend concurrence in the amend-
ment of the Senate with the following amend-
ment :
Provided. That hereafter no expense for printing
exceeding 84,000, including: printing laws, journals,
bills, and necessary printing of the same nature,
shall be incurred for any session of the Legislature
of any of the Territories.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and the amendment as amended
was then concurred in.
The fifty-sixth amendment was to insert the
following among the items of appropriation
for the Territory of Colorado :
For contingent expenses of the secretary's office
in Colorado Territory, for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1873, $2,(MO.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended noii-coricurrence. •
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Since the com-
mittee acted on that'amendment and recom-
mended non-concurrence we have had a further
hearing upon the subject, and now recommend
concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
The fifty-seventh amendment was to insert
the following among the items of appropria-
tion for the Territory of Montana:
For contingent expenses of the secretary's office,
for tho fiscal year ending Juno 30, 1873, &2,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
©n Appropriations have reconsidered their
action on this amendment, and now recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
The fifty-eighth amendment was to insert
among the items of appropriation for the
District of Columbia the following:
For salaries of the members of the board of
health, at $2,000 each, $10,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. STORM. I ask that a vote be taken
upon concurring in this amendment.
The question was taken ; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The sixtieth amendment was to the para-
graph relating to the Department of the inte-
rior, to strike out the following:
_ Chief clerk, $2,200; nine clerks of class four, addi-
tional to seven clerks of class four as disbursing
clerks; additional of $200 to the clerk of class four
who may be designated to act as superinten dent of
the Interior Department building; three clerks of
elass three, four clerks of class two, one clerk of
class one, one messenger, two assistant messengers,
and thrco laborers; in all, $17,540.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Chief clerk; four clerks ofclass four, any of whom
may be paid $200 extra, if the Secretary of the Inte-
rior deem it necessary and proper; five clerks of
class four, one of whom may be designated by the
Secretary to act as superintendent of the building,
who shall receive $200 additional compensation per
annum; additional to three disbursing clerks, three
clerks of class three, four clerks of class two, and one
clerk of class one; one messenger, two assistant
messengers at $720 each, and three laborers in his
office ; in all. $47,510.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. SARGENT. The amendment of the
Senate simply proposes a rearrangement of
the offices. The form in which the provision
passed the House was determined upon after
careful consideration with the Secretary of
the Interior. The amount is the same in
both cases. I suppose the non-concurrence rec-
ommended by the Committee on Appropria-
tions will be consented to.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The sixty third amendment of the Senate
was to reduce the appropriation from $7,000
to $5,000 in the following item of appropria-
tion for the Interior Department:
For expenses of packing and distributing official
documents, including salary of superintendent,
$7,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that this
amendment might well be concurred in. The
Senate would hardly make a mistake upon
this subject.
Mr. HALE. Why assume that the House
made a mistake?
Mr. HOLMAN". It must have been over-
looked by the House. The attention of the
Senate was probably called to it.
Mr. SARGENT. On the contrary, our
attention was particularly called to it, and
the estimate of the Secretary of the Interior
was before us.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Gentlemen will
remember that notlong ago we by law devolved
upon the Secretary of the Interior the duty
of distributing a vast amount of old docu-
ments, Congressional Globes, Annals of Con-
gress, and such documents, worth but little to
the public, and there are still away up m the
hundreds of cords of those documents, which
are being packed in boxes and sent away in
accordance with the order of Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not object to the
recommendation of the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The sixty-fifth amendment was read as
follows:
In the appropriation for the Department of the
Interior, strikeout "615,000" as the appropriation
for the casual repairs of the Department building,
and insert "$10,000."
The CHAIRMAN. The committee recom-
mend non-concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to understand
some reason why this appropriation may not
be reduced as proposed by the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Secretary
of the Interior explained to us that the roof of
the Department building is now in such a con-
dition as to require repairs, and that other
repairs must be made, rendering necessary a
larger appropriation for this purpose than was
made last year. Ten thousand dollars was the
amount appropriated last year. This year the
Committee on Appropriations increased the
amount to §15,000. The Senate has cut the
amount down to that appropriated last year,
probably without having heard the case. We
recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The sixty-sixth amendment was read as fol-
lows :
In line ten hundred and twenty-nine of the printed
bill, strikeout "thirty" and insert " twenty ;" so as
to make the clause read as follows:
For cash system, maps, diagrams, stationery, fur-
niture, and repairs of the same; miscellaneous
items, including two of the city newspapers, to be
filed, bound, and preserved for the uso of tho office ;
advertising and telegraphing ; miscellaneous items
on aecount ol bounty lands and military patents,
under the several acts, and contingent expenses
under the swamp-land aot, $20,000.
The CEfAIRMAN. The committee recom-
mend concurrence in this amendment with an
amendment which will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word " dollars, " insert the following:
To bring up arrearages of work in tho Lund Office
by tho employment of forty clerks of class one for
one year, $48,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. As I understand, the com-
mittee propose that instead of appropriating
$30,000 as provided in the bill originally, we
shall increase the appropriation to $48,000.
Mr. SAKGENT. No, sir. We propose to
concur in the Senate amendment, which re*
duces from $30,000 to $20,000 the appropria-
tion made for the specific purposes named in the
paragiaph 5 and then we propose an additional
appropriation for the employment of forty first-
class clerks for one year only, to bring up
arrearages of work in the Land Office. Those
arrearages of work relate to various matters.
Some facts with reference to this question
ought not, perhaps, to be stated in their broad-
est extent. I will refer simply to one or two.
Take for instance bounty-land warrants. They
are lying in immense piles in pigeon-holes—
have never been canceled, never been posted
np from books j they are liable at any time to
be stolen; perhaps instances have occurred
where they have been stolen, and the Govern-
ment defrauded out of the lands which they
would represent; at any rate, this is liable to
happen. Let me read from a report of the
Commissioner of the Land Office a statement
of these arrearages of work :
Monthly returns of sales and locations to be posted
and examined  334
Contested preemption cases «... 343
Ej: parte (suspended for informality) preemp-
tion cases   2.45S
Indian claims, and Oregon donation claims 2,731
French, Mexican, and Spanish private land
claims 1,794
Number of transcripts of field-notes of sub-
divisional surveys to be made for flies :
Offices of surveyors general  300
Patents to be written and recorded 011 cases
examined and approved   9,707
Mining cases 450
Alphabetical index of patents required by act of
July 4,18Ji5, 'which has never received attention,
6,4o0 volumes, containing 3,200,000 patents.
The business of the Land Office has very
largely increased of late, owing in great meas-
ure to the extension of railroads by which
settlers are induced to go into new regions
and to make application for lands there.
Recognizing this emigration from the settled
States, Congress has, within the last year,
made more liberal appropriations for surveys
of our public lands than were made for many
years. The result is that much additional
work has been thrown upon the Land Office,
while the force of that office has remained
stationary for a long while, and immense
arrears of work have accumulated w,iich it
is absolutely necessary should be attended
to. The present Commissioner has worked
with great zeal in order to accomplish this,
and he has succeeded to some extent -3 but
the accumulation goes on so fast that it  s
impossible for him to complete the work with-
out such aid as our amendment proposes.
After a careful examination of this matter by
the committee, after consultation with the
Commissioner of the General Land Office and
the Secretary of the Interior, after examining
for themselves into the work of the office, the
committee believe it will be irue economy 10
employ for one year forty first-class clerks to
bring up these arrearages of work. For that
reason we have made this recommendation.
