1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
I have only to sav that this bill is right, and
that the case is a very urgent one. During all
my service in Congress this is the first time I
have ever asked for the passage of a private
bill, a local bill, or anything personal to me.
This bill relates to the city in which I live;
and the bench and bar, and men of all sides,
are extremely anxious about it; and now I
appeal to my honorable friend to allow a vote
to be taken. It will take but a moment.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the Senate under
the circumstances would indulge me in post-
poning the regular order for a vote on this bill;
but I do not want to consume time in that way,
and therefore I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia to allow the vote to be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the appropriation bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I ask the Senator
to allow a vote to be taken on this bill. It will
take but a single moment.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the Senator from
California will give way to allow the vote to
be taken on this bill, and also on the Albany
bill, which has been reported by the same
committee. Both are meritorious bills, and I
hope there will be no objection to them.
Mr. COLE. If the vote of the Senate dis-
places the regular business, of course I submit
to it with all equanimity; but I must insist on
the regular order at this time.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I venture to move
that the regular order be postponed for the
moment in order to allow a vote to be taken
upon this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
postpone involves debate if Senators desire to
debate it; a motion to lay on the table is not
debatable.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I make the mo-
tion that the pending order be laid on the
table. Of course I will move to take it up
again in a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York moves to lay the appropriation bill
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill relative to a public build-
ing at Utica.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not present in
the. committee when this bill was consid-
ered. It is to provide for the erection of a
public building at Uiiea for the accommoda-
tion of the courts and post office, as I under-
stand. We have never built buildings for the
accommodation of post offices simply, I think,
except in some of the very large cities ; perhaps
in New York and Boston, and possibly one or
two others. If my recollection is right, and
I should like to be informed if I am wrong,
there is already one public building in this
judicial district at Buffalo; Utica is in the
same judicial district as Buffalo.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no Government
building exclusively for the United States
courts at Buffalo.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there 110 building
for the courts at Buffalo ?
Mr. CONKLING. There is a custom-house
there with other accommodations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are not the courts pro-
vided for in the custom-house?
Mr. CONKLING. My recollection is—but
the Senator must not rely too much upon whatl
say—that the courts are not held in the build-
ing to which he refers ; at least they were not,
I think, the last time I attended the courts at
(Buffalo. They may, however, have provision
for the courts in the same building.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 only want to make
one suggestion 
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator is mistaken
a little about the nature of this building.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only suggestion I
■want to make is this: will it do to provide
more than one public building in a judicial
district? If we commence that we are in great
danger of having to build very many. If we
are not doing it in this ease, there is nothing
in my observation.
Mr. CONKLING. I will state to the Sen-
ator what we are doing in this case. The cir-
cuit court clerk's office, from time immemo-
rial, has been, is now, and is to be in the
city of Utica. Terms both of the circuit and
district court are held there. The revenue
officers there are without provision, and the
geographical situation is such that any con-
solidation must make that the center for a wide
region. In addition to that, the post office is
about to be turned into the street, and all these
things are scattered upon precarious rental.
This proposition is to put up, not any monu-
ment of architecture, but a very plain, simple
building, with fire-proof vaults to preserve the
records of the courts, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sena-
tor will yield to me, I desire to say that the
action of the committee was unanimous so
far as this bill was concerned, though the Sen-
ator from Illinois was not present at the time.
Utica is about the geographical center of the
State of New York, and the information before
the committee was that a larger amount of
business was transacted by the circuit and
district courts at that point than at any other
point in the State of New York, with the excep-
tion of the cities of New York and Brooklyn.
It is a city of about thirty thousand inhabitants.
There is a necessity for accommodating other
officers in addition to the courts, and the
amount proposed to be expended was the least
sum which would accommodate the officers to
be provided for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the amount?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Two hundred
thousand dollars.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled bill (S. No. 528) to con-
tinue in form a grant to the State of Nevada
for college purposes ; and it was thereupon
signed by the Vice President.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1060)
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] to strike out
the word " three," in line three hundred and
ninety-nine, on page 17, and insert "five;" so
as to make the salary of the supervising archi-
tect of the Treasury $5,000 per annum.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to occupy the at-
tention of the Senate for a few moments ou
the amendment which is now pending ; and I
wish I could have the gratification of believing
that I might be able to convince the Senate of
that upon which I am very clear.
The amendment proposes to give to the
supervising architect of public buildings all
over the land an additional compensation
above that which he now receives. In my
judgment it is not only wise, but it is emi-
nently just. It is wise because, under the
direction of our careful chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, we
have inaugurated a system, wisely I think,
of erecting our public buildings at different
points in the various States for the accommo-
dation of the eustoms, the internal revenue,
the courts, and the post offices, and I have no
doubt that those buildings when erected are a
positive economy to the Government of the
United States. In other words, our rents will
be cheaper for buildings properly erected than
by hiring, as has been the custom in times past.
Again, I believe that architecture is one of
the marked evidences of the advancement in
civilization of every nation; and if this system,
which I have said in my judgment has been so
wisely advanced by our Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, is to continue—and
continue I trust it will—we want these build-
ings when they are erected to be useful, to
be adapted to the purposes for which they ace
designed, and we want them to be models of
beauty and art. I believe that the present
architect is a man who does more labor than
any one man who can be found in any of our
departments. That is ray judgment, and I
have had some considerable knowledge of the
duties that devolve upon him. I believe, upon
the simple principle that the laborer is entitled
to and worthy to receive a part of his honest
hire, his compensation is most beggarly, mean,
and incompetent for the purpose of affording
him the simple, plain means of daily support.
His duties bring within his charge the super-
intendence of all your public buildings in the
United States, including custom-houses, post
offices, marine hospitals, and buildings of
every kind and description. He disburses in
a single year through his office nearly four mil-
lion dollars. Now, I am not an architect, but
I am told that one of the rules of the best
architects in the country is to receive a per-
centage upon the money expended for furnish-
ing the designs and superintending buildings,
and that percentage varies from two and a
half to five per cent. If you would give your
architect tfie lowest percentage, it would
amount to nearly one hundred thousand dol-
lars. His business is to supervise these build-
ings, to furnish the plans upon which they are
to be constructed, to prescribe the style of
architecture by which they are to be marked;
and for these purposes you want a competent
man, and I affirm here that the very service
as an architect that this man performs would
in civil life command more than quadruple the
sum you pay him for his services here. He
has performed his services well. -I think within
the period of time while he has held his pres-
ent position, the records of your departments
will show that there has been not a single case
of litigation arising between the contractors
and the Government growing out of any and
all the various contracts that have been made
for the erection and the repair of your public
buildings.
A very small, a very limited amount, I think,
will be the compensation of this officer if this
amendment shall obtain. I take pride myself
in referring to the public buildings that have
been built in my own State. Theyare models
of architectural beauty, as they are of utility
and usefulness and adaptability to the pur-
poses for which they have been erected; and
from Springfield, Illinois, Madison. Wiscon-
sin, and all points where public buildings have
been erected under the charge of the present
supervising architect, the same concurrent
testimony comes to us that they are also erected
at prices which do not exceed the prices for
the construction of public buildings before
this system of having a public architect was
inaugurated. The cost of buildings is not, I
am told, increased, while we all know that
prices are far above what they were in the
earlier days in the erection of our earlier
public buildings.
I do not propose to weary the Senate or to
take up much of its time ; but if we would
