1-872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4139
right to demand the yeas and nays after a
division, and after tellers have been ordered,
and af'ier the tellers have decided against us?
The SPEAKER. 1 he rule is perfectly
plain 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I raise a
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make this
matter perfectly c'ear if gentlemen will be
quiet. On the viva vocesote the Chair decided
tlint the ayes had it. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Botler] then demanded
the yeas and nays. Twenty gentlemen rose,
and the Chair declared that as not a sufficient
number. Then tellers were asked on order-
ing the yeas and nays, and twenty three mem-
bers rose. The Chair announced that as not
a sufficient number. Then a division was
asked upon the motion. These proceedings
did not deprive the House of the right to a
division nor of the right to tellers upon the
question, both of which have been had ; but
the vote by a division and by tellers does not
revive the tiuht to the yeas and nays.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I raise
the point of order that the Constitution gives
the right to one fifth of the members present
to have the names of those voting inscribed
upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman did
not get one fifth. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Perce] makes a motion which
is perfectly in order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I raise a question of
order. I think the record will show that tell-
ers were not asked on the yeas ar.d nays, but
were asked on the adoption of the motion.
Several Members. They were asked on both.
Mr. SI'EVENaON. I understand that I
am mistaken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be very
glad if no objection would be made to resub-
mitting the question of ordering the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the Chair will
do so, in view of the vote just given on the
count by tellers.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I raise a question of
order. My point is that after the House has
divided, and the Speaker has declared his
decision, and tellers have been demanded, and
> the tellers have reported their count, we still
have the right to demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Not if they have been
before refused. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Perce] has made a perfectly
legitimate motion, that the vote by which the
yeas and nays were refused shall be recon-
stdeied.
Mr. PERCE. I call for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will per-
ceive that the yeas and navs cannot he called
upon this motion. The Chair is glad, how-
ever, that the point, has been raised.
Mr. W. li. ROBERTS. As the gentleman
from M:ssissippi [Mr. Perce] has moved to
reconsider, I wish to inquire on which side he
voted upon the original question.
The SPEAKER. That is not material.
There is no record of the vote. The Chair
■will remark that a motion to reconsider the
vote ordering or refusing to order the yeas
and nays is not itself subject to a call for the
yeas and nays, for it is merely one of the pro-
cesses of determining the question of yeas
and nays; it is not a question of itself.
Mr. STEVENSON. Pending that motion
I move that the House take a recess till to-
morrow at eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has pro-
nounced his decision that the ayes have it,
and that the resolution of the Senate with
the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is agreed to.
Mr. S TEVENSON. But a motion is pend-
ing to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. To reconsider what?
Mr. BUTLER. of Massachusetts. To re-
consider the vote by which the yeas and nays
were refused.
The SPEAKER. But if the decision upon
that question is cut off, the resolution stauds
adopted upon the vote already taken.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
decision upon reconsideration be cut off, it
cuts off everything connected with that ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Not at all.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Perce, to reconsider the vote by which
the yeas and nays were refused, there were, on
a division—ayes thirty-eight, noes not counted.
The SPEAKER. There is evidently a
majority adverse to reconsideration.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. A call for the yeas and
navs is not admissible upon this question.
Mr. ELDREDGE. 1 take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Before the question is
taken on the appeal of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, the Chair desires that the House
may distinctly understand the question, for it
is one that does not often arise and is a very
nice question in parliamentary law. The gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Perce] has
moved to reconsider the vote by which the
House refused to order the yeas and nays.
The Chair decides that that motion is not sub-
ject to a call for the yeas and nays, because it
is merely a part of the process of determining
whether the House will have the yeas and
nays; it is not a "question" within the mean-
ing of the Constitution ; it is merely a part of
the process of counting to determine whether
the House will have the yeas and nays on the
pending question ; and therefore a call for the
yeas and nays is not admissible. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin appeals from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. DAWES. I move to lay that appeal on
the table.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. BUTLE R, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a parliamentary question. Where one fifth
have the constitutional right to order the yeas
and nays, is it not in order for one fifth to
reconsider ?
The SPEAKER. Not at all. The only
question is, will the House agiee to have it
resubmitted, and that depends on a majority
vote. Where two thirds are required under
the constitutional amendment a majority may
reconsider, and so too a majority can reconsider
where one fifth is required to order the yeas
and uajs.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. From
that decision I take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. There is one appeal
already pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is evident these
motions are dilatory.
The SPEAKER. The question is on laying
the appeal on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
110, noes 16.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I demand the yeas and
navs.
Mr. BANKS. Can the yeas and nays be
ordered on this motion ?
The SPEAKER. They cannot; but as
this is personal to himself, the Chair hopes the
gentleman will allow the yeas and nays to be
ordered.
Mr. BANKS. It is not right to have a false
precedent, established of that kind.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts objects the Chair cannot enter-
tain the demand for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is there anything on
which we can have the yeas and nays ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. In the process of determin-
ing whether the House will order the yeas and
nays the House cannot by any side motion be
subjected to a call of the yeas and nays. Th'o
House cannot by a side motion be tnade to do
tnat which the large majority have already
voted to refrain from.
Mr. BANKS. If the Chair will allow roe, I
will state the rule in another way. The motion
to reconsider always takes the characteristics
of the original motion, and where the yeas and
nays could not be taken on the original ques-
tion they cannot be taken on the motion to
recousiJer or on an appeal or any other ques-
tion growing out of that reconsideration.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. By ten o'clock Monday
morning the committee of conference on the
tariff bill will be ready to report; and 1 there-
fore move we take a recess until that time.
Mr. RANDALL. What becomes of the
Other motion?
The SPEAKER. That has been carried,
two thirds voting in the affirmative. The
question now recurs on the motion to adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
23, noes 115.
Mr. STEVENSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dawes, and
Mr. Butler of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 23. noes 95.
Mr. ELDREDGE demanded the yeas and
najs' enrolled bills.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the Committee
Oil Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 13) for the relief of Mrs.
Fanny Kelly;
An act (S. No. 382) to provide for a build-
ing for the use of the Federal courts, post
office, internal revenue, and other civil offices
in the city of Little Rock, Arkansas;
An act (S. No. 429) supplementary to an
act entitled " An act to aid in the construction
of telegraph lines, and to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary. and other purposes," approved July 24,
1866; '
An act (S. No. 486) for the relief of Brevet
Colonel Emeric Szabad;
An act (S. No. 546) relative to homestead
settlers burned out in the States of Minesota,
Wisconsin, and Michigan;
An act (S. No. 595) to fix the pay of cer-
tain rear admirals on the retired list of the
Navy ;
An act (S. No. 608) to correct an error m
the act approved February 24, 1871;
An act (S. No. 659) relative to the entry and
clearance of ferry-boats and of bonded cars
passing from one State to another through for-
eign contiguous territory ;
An act (S. No. 710) to refund certain duties
paid by the Winona and St. Peters Railroad
Company;
An act (S. No. 745) relating to a site for
public buildings in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania,
and Sacramento, California;
An act (S. No. 754) granting the right of
way through the public lands for the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph in Florida;
An act (S. No. 757) to authorize the appoint-
ment of certain officers in the quartermaster's
department;
An act(S. No. 790) to extend the provisions
of an actentitled " An act for the relief of cer-
tain purchasers of lands from Bartholomew
Cousin," approved February 18, 1871
An act (S. No. 823) to cancel a certain deed
to the United States of America:
An act (S. No. 837) to authorize the issue
of an American register to the brig Delphine:
An act (S. No. 855) to provide for the sal^e of
the Marine hospital and grounds at San Fran-
