1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3243
k a protective duty. I do not regard it as suet.
; j have spoken of it as a duty which yields
' $115,000 a year.
f Mr. BURCHARD. There are only eight
\ hundred thousand pounds of the root imported,
i and nearly all of that is imported ground.
Now, if the gentleman says that we cannot
spare that amount of revenue, that is one
thing. But if he proposes to put coffee and
; tea on the free list for the benefit of the people
' of the country, and there are poor people who
1 use chiccory, why should he not make chiccory
free for the benefit of those poor people who
cannot afford to buy tea and coffee, when
chiccory can be bought at three cents a pound
without a duty and with the duty that he pro-
poses to place upon it it can be sold at four
cents a pound, wholesale prices?
The question was then taken upon the
amendment offered by Mr. Burchard, to in-
sert the words " ground or," before the word
"unground," in the amendment moved by Mr.
Kelley ; and upon a division, there were—
ayes 62, noes 53; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kelley and
Mr. Burchard were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 70, noes 58.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to, upon a division—ayes eighty-eight,
noes not counted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the com-
mittee now rise. '
Mr. DAWES. I hope the committee will
sit till half past four o'clock.
Mr. MAYNARD. There has been an even-
ing session ordered for to-night.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to give notice that
I have two or three more amendments to offer
to this first section.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
question of order. In the printed bill be-
fore us 
Mr. MAYNARD. What has become of my
motion that the committee now rise?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] rises to a point of
order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. In the ori-
ginal bill the duty on iron in pigs is fixed at six
dollars per ton. The House ordered 
Mr. MAYNARD. That is not a question
of order that will take precedence of the
motion that the committee now rise.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have the
floor and you have not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I had the floor to make
the motion, and the gentleman could not take
me off the floor by his point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman _ can
raise his point of order when the Committee
of the Whole again resumes its session, but
it will not take precedence of the motion that
the committee now rise.
The motion of Mr. Maynard was then
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
field reported that, pursuant to the order of
the House,the Committee of the^Mtole on the
state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and
more particularly the bill of the House (No.
2322) to reduce duties on imports and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
reform school.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, reported back with
amendments Senate bill No. 354, relating to
the Reform School of the District of Columbia.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that the board of trustees of the Reform School
of the District of Columbia shall cause
monthly accounts to be rendered to the proper
accounting officers of the Territory of the Dis-
trict of Columbia for the expenses of such
boys as have been sent to the school by the
proper authorities from the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown and the couuty of Wash-
ington, and for which the cities and county
are respectively, liable to pay $1 50 a week,
which is hereafter to be $1 75 a week; and
the amount due from the cities and county,
respectively, is to be paid on demand; and if
not paid within ten days after the amount shall
be audited, the amount due is to draw interest
at the rate of three per cent, per month until
paid.
The second section provides that hereafter
any boy under sixteen years of age who is des-
titute of a home or means of support;, or who
is idle and incorrigible, or wandering about
uncared for by relatives or friends, and whose
parents, if he has any living here, are unable
o pay the expenses of his support in the Re-
form School, may be sent to the school at the
expense of the city or county in which he may
be found by the judge of the police court, the
Governor of the Territory, or the president of
the board of trustees of the school.
The third section provides that every boy
sent to the Reform School is to remain therein
until he is twenty-one years of age, unless
sooner discharged or bound as an apprentice
to some proper person by the board of trus-
tees; but no boy is to be retained after the
superintendent shall have reported him fully
reformed.
The fourth section provides that whenever
there shall be as large a number of boys in the
school as can be properly accommodated, it
is to be the duty of the president of the bo&rd
of trustees to give notice to the criminal and
police courts of the fact, whereupon no boys
are to be sent to the school by the courts until
notice shall be given them by the president of
the board that more can be received.
The fifth section provides that if any person
shall entice, or attempt to entice, away from
the school any boy legally committed to it, or
shall harbor, conceal, or aid in harboring or
concealing, any boy who shall have escaped
from the school, such person is, upon convic-
tion, to be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and pay a fine of not less than ten nor more
than one hundred dollars, which is to be paid
to the treasurer of the board of trustees; and
any trustee, or the superintendent of the school,
and any policeman, is to have power, and it is
made their duty, to arrest any boy, when in
their power so to do, who has escaped from
the school, and return him thereto.
The sixth section appropriates the sum of
$10,000 to pay the annual salaries of the
superintendent, $1,500; two assistant superin-
tendents, $750 each ; and the matron, $600;
and the incidental expenses, including clothing,
fuel, servant-hire, &c.
The seventh section authorizes the Secretary
of the Interior to purchase a. new site for
said school, to be selected by himself and the
board of trustees, on which buildings for the
accommodation of three hundred boys shall be
erected, under the supervision of the said sec-
retary, the board of trustees, and the architect
of the Capitol; and for these purposes the
sum of $100,000 is hereby appropriated.
The amendments were to insert in section six
the words "and for assistant teachers and
others ;" also to add to section seven the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That before any part of this appropria-
lion shall be drawn, plans and specifications of ihe
building to be erected shall be made by the archi-
tect of the Capitol, and approved by the Secretary
ot the Interior; and the amount expended for the
purpose of said site and erection oi said building
shall not exceed the sum hereby appropriated.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
loyal citizens, loudoun county, virginia.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, by
unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 260) for
the relief of loyal citizens of Loudoun county,
Virginia, therein named, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims, not
to be brought back on a motion to reconsider.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, by
unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 850) pro-
viding for the payment to loyal citizens of
Loudoun, Virginia, therein named, for their
property taken by the military authorities of
the United States, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims, not to be
brought back on a motion to reconsider.
joseph segar.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, by
unanimous consent, the bill (£. No. 889) for
the relief of Joseph Segar, of Virginia, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims, not to be brought back on a
motion to reconsider.
children of john m. botts, deceased.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, by
unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 700) for
the relief of Beverly M. Botts, Rosalie S.
Lewis, Isabella McLean Lewis, and Mary
Minor Holsey, children and heirs-at-law of
John M. Botts, deceased, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims, not
to be brought back on a motion to recon-
sider.
district board op health.
On motion of Mr. STARKWEATHER, by
unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 974) to
further define the duties of the Board of Health
of the District of Columbia, was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, not to be brought back
on a motion to reconsider.
message mom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the bill (H. R. No.
2042) for the relief of Fannie M. Jackson, of
Tennessee.
election case m'kissick vs. wallace.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I rise to
apnvileged question, and call up the resolution
reported by the Committee of Elections with
reference to the case of McKissickiw. Wallace.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Hazelton] desires to call up for
action at the, present time the unanimous re-
port of the Committee of Elections upon the
contest from the fourth district of South Caro-
lina. He expects to dispose of the question
without any debate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understand that this
proposition includes compensation to the con-
testant, who, in my humble judgment, ought
not to have compensation. I wish to be heard
on this question.
The SPEAKER. If the House should not
second the demand for the previous question
the Chair will hear the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would prefer not to
be heard this evening, because I want to look
over the testimony*
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Wisconsin insists on calling up this privileged
report, it is of course the duty of the Chair
to entertain it. _ e
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I prefer
to call it up now, and close the case to night.
