ii5£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 6,
give to a good public officer a very small com-
pensation, a very small amount for the services
which he renders to this Government, I am
sure the Senate will vote for this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferky,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and nays
Upon it. Let us have the Senate determine
this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish to say one
word as a member of the Committee on Ap-
propriations. The Senate so far has determ-
ined that it will not saddle on appropriation
bills the question of how much public officers,
whose salaries are fixed by law, should be
paid. So far it has stood on principle with
the committee,' in holding that this is not
the place or the way to try questions of that
character. Now, if the Senate is to reverse
its action because my eloquent friend from
Maine asks it to do so, it can do so, and we
shall save the Senate—certainly I shall—t)ie
trouble hereafter of undertaking to keep off
amendments of this character from appropri-
ation bills.
If this gentleman is worthy of an increase
of salary, some Senator ought to have intro-
duced a bill in season and have had the proper
committee consider it and report upon it as a
bill raising his salary. This appropriation bill
in its theory is only a bill to provide for carry-
ing on the Government according to law—not
to create new officers, not to raise salaries,
but only to carry out the provisions of existing
laws. In that way we know what an appro-
priation bill means.
If this amendment is to be adopted, then
certainly we must retrace our steps as toother
worthy officers whose claims have already
been denied, and on this very bill, and serve
them all alike. The result is that you turn
this into a bill regulating salaries, instead of
being a bill to appropriate the money to carry
out existing laws. I hope, therefore, (and I do
not speak of the merit of the question whether
this gentleman is or is not entitled to this
increase,) the Senate will stand by the com-
mittee and have one appropriation bill, as it
has thus far done, which shall be what its title
indicates.
. Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
my colleague whether this bill does not con-
tain an amendment' proposing an increase of
pay to the Register of the Treasury?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir, it does not.
Mr. POMEROY. If this bill were a meas-
ure by itself to increase the salary of any given
officer, I think we could entertain it and vote
for it. I know several whose salaries ought
to be increased; but I thought we entered
upon the policy last year of not making any
invidious distinction between public officers,
by providing for one and excluding another.
An effort has been made, and I think it has
met with considerable encouragement, to have
the salaries of all these officers revised. A
bill has been introduced to make a better aver-
age in regard to all our executive officers,
equalizing their pay in the different Depart-
ments.
A bill was referred to my committee to in-
crease the salaries of certain able and efficient
officers in the Land Office, but I did not feel at
liberty to move it as an amendment on this
bill. I would agree, if the subject were prop-
erly before us, that we could improve the ser-
vice in all the Departments by paying better
and larger salaries, and perhaps in some cases
cutting them down, paying less; but I do not
think we ought to begin this work with one
single officer. It is an ungracious thing to ask
the Senate to vote by yeas and nays that a man
ought not to have this increase; because, as
the Senator from Vermont puts it now, we
have got to vote that this man ought not to
have it, when if it were in a separate measure
by itself we should probably all vote that he
should have it. I do not think myself that
we ought to put this proposition on this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I agree with
all that my colleague [Mr. Hamlin] has said
with regard to this particular officer, and I
should not be averse on a proper occasion to
voting for an increase of his salary; but that
is equally true of other officers connected with
the Government ;"and I do not think there is
a more pernicious practice anywhere in the
Government, and certainly not in the practice
of the Senate, than the attempt to regulate the
service of the country on an appropriation bill.
It is fraught with infinite difficulties; it is
fraught with very great embarrassment to those
managing these bills; and it is a matter of
impossibility to conduct with propriety an ap-
propriation bill of this character if the Senate
of the United States will allow matters not
germane to it to be put upon it. I think when
a bill is brought in as an appropriation bill,
the Senate of the United States owes it to the
Committee on Appropriations to stand by it,
and not allow matters that are not germane to
go upon the bill.
While I am up I wish to say one word in
regard to salaries. I think it is true that in
regard to a large class of officers upon whom
very responsible duties are devolved they are
inadequately paid ; but I am not one of those
who believe that that is true as a general prop-
osition. As a general proposition, the salaries
of this Government at the city of Washington
are adequate, in my judgment, to the services
rendered. While I think that is true as a gen-
eral proposition, I agree that there is a class
of very meritorious persons, meritorious by
reason of the duties they perform and the
responsibilities that are devolved upon them,
who are inadequately paid, and I have been
heretofore, and I am now, and I shall be in
the future, I trust, ready, whenever their cases
are presented in a proper way, to vote for an
increase of their salaries. I recognize with
great pleasure the gentleman whose claims my
colleague presents here to-day as among that
class ; but, persuaded as I am that the prac-
tice is pernicious of attempting to put such
propositions on this bill, or attempting in any
way to regulate the public service of the
country on an appropriation bill, I shall, as I
have heretofore uniformly done, vote against
any such proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate for three successive years have put amend-
ments of this kind upon the appropriation bill,
and they have uniformly failed in the House
of Representatives. The result has been a
debate in the Senate, and a rejection by the
House. The only effect has been to increase
the salary of one officer, that is, the First Comp-
troller, thus creating a greater complaint of
inequality.
N ow, I am prepared to vote for the increase
of the salary of Sir. Mullett, but if you raise
his salary to $5,000, when the Second Comp-
troller, an officer who guards the public Treas-
ury against unjust and illegal claims, receives
but $3,000, it is manifest that a greater com-
plaint of inequality will be made. I think,
therefore, it is not wise, as a matter of general
rule, to attach these amendments to appropri-
ation bills, and especially it is not wise to
single out a particular officer in one depart-
ment of the Government and increase his
salary without presenting a more general
scheme that would embrace others equally
worthy and equally deserving.
The Committee on Finance of the Senate
have reported unanimously a bill which raises
the salary of certain heads of bureaus to
$4,500 a year, and these officers have been
carefully selected, and I believe every one of
them is underpaid. That bill is now on your
Calendar. I shall vote against any proposi-
tion to amend this bill by increasing salaries;
but if this amendment prevails, I shall feeL.
bound, under the direction of the Committee
on Finance, and in pursuance of notice already
given, to offer the bill to which I have referred
as an amendment to this bill. I shall, how-
ever, vote with the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and I hope the Senate will stand by the
Committee on Appropriations in preventing
these legislative provisions being attached to
the appropriation bills. They create confu-
sion ; they prevent a fair and full considera-
tion of the subject; and they enable Senators
who desire to have the salary of a particular
officer raised to present it in such a way as to
embarrass the subject. I hope, therefore, as
the Committee on Appropriations are acting
in accordance with the rules of the Senate,
that the Senate will stand by them. I promise
also, whenever I cafi get an opportunity, to try
and call up the bill to which I have alluded
in some morniDg hour when I see there is not
much to do, and I hope the Senate will pass it
unanimously and send it to theother House, that
the subject-matter maybe fairly disposed of.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is increasing the
salaries of bureau officers.
Mr. SHERMAN. It increases the salary
of the Second Comptroller, the Register, the
Auditors, the Commissioner of Customs, the
supervising architect of the Treasury Depart-
ment, the Assistant Postmasters General of
the Post Office Department, the Commissioner
of the Land Office, the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
in the Interior Department to $4,500. The in-
crease of salaries to about eight officers would
amountto abouttwelve thousand dollars, which
in comparison with other sums is insignificant.
I think that increase ought to be voted; but
then I would not attach it to an appropriation
bill where it will surely be defeated, and if the
friends of Mr. Mullett are really in favor of
this increase they would not attach it to an
appropriation bill, where experience shows us
it will certainly fail. If adopted here it goes
to the Committee on Appropriations in the
House, is at once disagreed to, and there is
an end of it. The only way to raise these sal-
aries is the way I mention, to present a well-
considered, carefully-prepared bill, and I have
no doubt such a bill, as a separate measure,
would pass the House if it was ever brought
before them.
Mr. RAMSEY. When does the Senator
from Ohio expect to pass such a bill by
general consent—this ceiitury or the next?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SHERMAN. I think at this session.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not as the Senate is at
present constituted. By general consent, pass
a salary bill! Certainly no man can dream
of such a thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think "if that bill should
be called up, and those who a*re in favor of it
do not say a word, it will pass by a vote of
the Senate within half an hou.r, any day.
Mr. RAMSEY. If there is no objection to
it, of course. )
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainty there is some
objection to the increase of any salary. Some
Senators will feel that $8,000'x(is enough for
the head of a bureau. I do noft think so. I
do not think that will pay their expenses and
their market bills. I think a salary of $4,500
is little enough for them, and I hjave no doubt
the Senate will so vote if a proper bill is fairly
presented to them. /
Mr. RAMSEY. In answer tp all these com-
plaints of underpaid officers, th)e Senator rises
up—I think I have seen him®, do it two or
three times before—;and tells lis that some-
time or other he will call up a jbill by which
we will increase the salaries of a Certain num-
ber of officers of the Government, and that
answers for a year, and in the mean time the
officer starves. The next year the ssame com-
plaint is made, and we have the sam<3vans\ver,
and the party starves again, receiving Rarely
enough salary to pay his rent and do the fcrdin-
