1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£141
The amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives were, in line seven, to strike out the
word "forty" aud insert the word "twenty;"
in the same line to strike out "five" and in-
sert "ten in line twelve to strike out the
word "duly;" and also to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That said company shall complete its
railway to a point on the Rio Grande as far south
as Santa F6, within four years of the passage of this
act, and shall complete fifty miles additional south
ot said point in each year thereafter, and in default
thereof, the rights and privileges herein granted
shall be rendered null and void so for as respects
the unfinished portion of said road: And provided
further, That nothing in this act contained shall be
construed as affirming or denying the right of any
Territory to incorporate a railroad company.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate non-
concur in the amendment of the House, and
ask for a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, the con-
ferees 011 the part of the Senate to he appointed
by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and the Vice
President appointed Mr. Scott, Mr. Stewart,
and Mr. Cooper, conferees on the part of the
Senate.
fanny kelly.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 18) for the
relief of Mrs. Fanny Kelly.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was to strike out all of the bill after the
enacting clause, and in lieu thereof to insert:
Thattae Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to Mrs.
Fanny Kelly the sum of $10,000, oat of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in full
for property taken and destroyed by the Sioux In-
dians in the year 1864.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
concur in that.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move a concur-
rence in the amendment of the House.
The amendment was concurred in.
george w. parris.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 2413) granting a pension
to George W. Parris.
The amendment of the House to the amend-
ment of the Seriate was to strike out the word
"eight," in line seven of the bill, and insert
in lieu thereof the word "fifteen;" so that
the bill will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll the name of George W. Parris, of Dayton,
Ohio, at the rate of fifteen dollars per month, to take
effect from and after the passage of this act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that lie on the table
for the time being. I do not understand the
reason of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state that it brings up the well-known
difference between the two Houses whether a
pension shall commence from the passage of
the act or from some time in the past. In this
case the House propose to raise the pension
from eight to fifteen dollars a month.
Mr. EDMUNDS That is another way of
doing the same thing. Let it lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table.
public buildings at little rock.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House ot Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 382) to provide
for a building for the use of the Federal courts,
post office, internal revenue and other civil
offices in the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.
The amendment of the House was to add to
the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That no part of the sum herein appro-
priated shall be used or expended until a va lid title
to the site of said building shall be vested in the
United States, and until the btate of Arkansas shall
duly release and relinquish its jurisdiction over the
same, and its right to tax sa.id site and the property
which way be thereon during tho time the United
States shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senate concur
in that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
colleague also desires concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
hoosk bills.
The bill (H. R. No. 1241) for the relief of
A. G. Booth, late assistant assessor in the
twenty-first revenue district of Pennsylvania,
was read the first time by its title.
Mr. POOL. I object to the second reading
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina objects to the second reading
of the bill, and it, will therefore be placed on
the Calendar on its first reading.
The bill (H. R. No. 2948) for the relief of
Lucy A. Baker and Mary A. Baker, children
of John M. Baker, deceased, was read the
first time by its title.
Mr. POOL. I object to the second reading
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
disabilities of charles j. faulkner
Mr. BOREMAN. 1 ask permission of the
Senate to take up a little bill.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have a report to make.
Mr. BOREMAN. It is a bill relieving
Charle-J J. Faulkner from his political disabili-
ties. There is but one man in my State under
political disabilities, and I should like to have
them removed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia asks unanimous consent
to consider the bill indicated by him. If there
be no objection it will be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. NORWOOD. I should like to ask the
Senator to allow me to offer an amendment
to that bill covering some persons in my own
State.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is going to be
amended, while I do not want to object, I
shall feel compelled to do so.
Mr. NORWOOD. I will not offer the
amendment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 142) to relieve Charles
J. Faulkner, of West Virginia, from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is, " Shall the bill pass?" which, by the Con-
stitution, requires a two-thirds vote?
The bill was passed.
attorney and marshal for nebraska.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up Senate bill No. 699. It will
cause no debate whatever. It is a bill reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary several
months ago to correct an omission in the judi-
ciary law in regard to the marshal and district
attorney of Nebraska.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a bill that ought
to pass. It puts the marshal and district
attorney of Nebraska on the same looting with
all the others.
Mr. SAWYER. I have a precisely similar
bill iu regard to the marshal of South Carolina,
and I ask to have both passed. It will take
but a minute to pass both bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At this period
of the session, if Senators do not object, many
of these private bills may be passed; but if
Senators object because all cannot be passed,
none will be passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall never vote to
adjourn this session until those bills which
require no discussion, and can be passed by
unanimous consent, have all had one oppor-
tunity.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill indicated by the Senator
from Nebraska will be reported, subject to
objection or a demand for the regular order.
There being no objection, the Senate, as iu
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 699) fixing the salaries
of the United States attorney and United
States marshal for the district of Nebraska.
It provides that the United States district
attorney and United States marshal for the
district of Nebraska shall, in addition to their
stated tees, be paid annually by the United
States $400 each, in full compensation for all
extra services, the payment to be made quar
terly at the Treasury of the United States.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment to strike out
"$400" and insert "$200."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate aa
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and
marshal of south carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to take up House bill No. 2683,reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2083) to grant addi-
tional compensation to the marshal of the
district of South Carolina for the period of
four months and ten days. It proposes to
suspend and make inoperative so much of the
third section of the act of Congress entitled
''An act to regulate the fees and costs to be
allowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the
circuit and district courts of the United States,
and for other purposes," as limits the personal
compensation of marshal over and above the
necessary expenses of his office, and necessary
clerk-hire included, to a maximum sum per
annum, so far as the compensation of the
marshal of the district of' South Carolina, and
his deputies, for the period from September
21, 1871, to February 1, 1872, is limited and
established thereby; and the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury are authorized to
allow to the marshal and his deputies, for that
period, the gross amount of fees and costs
taxable by law, notwithstanding such allow-
ance would make the whole compensation
received more than such maximum.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
bill with an amendment, t,o strike out in line
thirteen the word "February" and insert
April."
Mr. SAWYER. I understand the com-
mittee to agree to an amendment to that
amendment, to make it May 1, because April
1 was fixed under a misunderstanding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
the gentleman who reported the bill explain it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a House bill
allowing the marshal of South Carolina to
have compensation beyond the limitation.
The Senator recollects it. We agreed in com-
mittee to extend it to the 1st of April. The
marshal that it was intended for the benefit of
went out of office, and we propose to extend
it to his successor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
the Senator from Illinois, as I was not in
committee when the bill was considered and
reported, explain to the Senate the ground
upon which this extra allowance is properly
made to this officer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The extra allowance
is no extra allowance at all except to repeal
the limitation. There is a limitation on the
fees of the marshals and district attorneys
throughout the United States to $6,000 a
year. That is the general law. There is an
exception to it in the State of New York now.
It was represented to Congress that in con-
sequence of the trials under what is known as
