1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Alabama Claims—Mr. Roberts.
Ho. OF
on the question of indemnities which he thinksdue
by Great Britain to individuals, citizens of the Uni-
ted States, for the destruction of their property by
rebel cruisers fitted out in the ports of Great Britain;
nor is he now prepared to speak of the reparation
which he thinks due by the British Government for
the larger account of the vast national injuries it
has inflicted upon the United States."
Lord Clarendon received a copy of this dis-
patch, and, in transmitting it to their represent-
ative here, stated that they could not make any
new proposition until they had more clear in-
formation respecting the basis upon which the
Government of the United States would be
disposed to negotiate. He also referred to the
desirability of-agreeing to a new code of inter-
national law.
Again, on the 5th of December, 1871, the
President in his annual message to Congress,
after referring to the views of her Majesty's
Government, said:
"Our firm and unalterable convictions are directly
the reverse. I therefore recommend to Congress to
authorize the appointment of a commission to take
proofs of the amounts and the ownership of these sev-
eral claims on notice to the representative of her Maj-
esty at Washington, and that authority be given for
the settlement of these claims by the United States;
that the Government shall have the ownership of
the private claims, as well as the responsible control
of all the demands against Great Britain."
So that, from 1862 down to December,1871,
the United States constantly asserted the claim
for natienal losses, and when, in 1871, Great
Britain indicated an intention to settle directly
with our merchants for the private losses, the
President recommended their payment so as
to hold them with the national damages, and
Congress was, as I am informed, on the eve
of complying with his request when Great
Britain renewed negotiations that resulted in
the appointment by the two Governments of
the joint high commission, which met in this
city in January, 1871.
At the thirty-sixth conference on the 8th of
March, the American commissioners formally
submitted in writing the following statement:
"That the people and Government of the United
States felt that they had sustained a great wrong,
and that great injuries and losses were inflicted
upon their commerce arid their material interests
by the course and conduct of Great Britain during
the recent rebellion in the United Slates; that the
operation of cruisors whieh had been fittted out, or
armed, or equipped, or which had received aug-
mentation of force in Great Britain or her colonies
showed extensive, direct losses, and in the capture
and destruction of a large number of vessels with
their cargoes, and in the heavy national expendi-
tures in the pursuit of the cruisers, and indirect in-
jury in the transfer of a large part of the American
commercial marine to the British liag,in the enhanced
payments of insurance, in the prolongation ot the
war, and in the addition of a large sum to the cost
of the war and the suppression of the rebellion."
They further stated that—
" The cost to which the Government had been put
in pursuit of these cruisers could bo easily ascer-
tained by certificates of Government accounting
officers; and that in the hope of an amicable settle-
ment no estimate was made of the indirect losses,
without prejudice, however, to the right to indem-
nification ou their account m the event of no such
settlement being made."
They also proposed that the joint high com-
mission should agree upon a sum which should
be paid by Great Britain to the United States
in satisfaction of all claims and the interest
thereon. To these demands the British com-
missioners put in a general denial of responsi-
bility for the acts of the Alabama and other
cruisers, and of bad faith on the part of their
Government during our rebellion, and repeated
on behalf of their Government the offer of
arbitration.
The American commissioners expressed
their regret at the decision of the British com-
missioners, and said that they could not con-
sent to submit the question of the liability of
the British Government to arbitration unless
the principle which should govern the arbi-
trators, in consideration of the facts, could first
be agreed upon. To this the British commjs-
sioners finally consented, after consulting with
their Government, and the following rules .were
agreed upon as applicable to the ease, and
which should govern the arbitrators, together
with such principles of international law as
the arbitrators shall determine to have been
applicable to the case:
"A neutral Government is bound—
" First, to use due diligence to prevent the fitting
out, arming, or equipping, within its jurisdiction,
of any vessel which it has reasonable ground to be-
lieve is intended to cruise or to carry on war against
a Power with which it is at peace; and also to use
like diligence to prevent the departure from its
jurisdiction of any vessel intended to eruiso or carry
on war as above, such vessel having been specially"
adapted, in whole or in part, within such jurisdic-
tion, to warlike use.
"Secondly, not to permit or suffer either belliger-
ent to make use of its ports or waters as the base of
naval operations against the other, or for the pur-
pose of the renewal or augmentation of military
supplies or arms, or the recruitment of men.
Thirdly, to exercise due diligence in its own ports
and waters, and, as to all persons within its jurisdic-
tion, to prevent, any violation of the foregoing obli-
gations and duties.
"And the high contracting parties agree to observe
these rules as between themselves in future, and to
bring them to the knowledge of other maritime
Powers, and to invite them to accede to them."
In the first and second«of these rules Eng-
land gained the object she aimed at ever since
the close of our civil war, the recognition by
the United States of the very principles she
ignored during our rebellion. It was what
Stanley called an authoritative decision as to
the position of neutrals m future wars; it
would prevent what the Liverpool shipping
merchants deplored and trembled at in their
petition to Kussell in 1804, and what Mr.
Forster feared when in his speech in Parlia-
ment he showed what a two-edged sword
neutrality was, when interpreted according to
the British standard. And yet there is not a
principle, legal or otherwise, in these rules
which was not already embraced by English
laws, and certainly none which was not cov-
ered by our'own neutrality laws. But as Eng-
land construed her neutral obligations in a
time of great peril to the Republic, so as to
inflict an amount of damage on us greater
than that of ordinary wars, making our losses
her gains, it was indispensable to her future
security that both nations should take what
should seem to be a new departure, and to
bind us by a treaty which she knew we would
faithfully and honorably abide by; while she,
faithful, alone to her traditional infamy and
want of good faith, would abide by it just so
long as it suited her interests, and not one
day or hour longer. But ' England gained
more than this in the clause requiring us to
bring the three rules to the knowledge of other
maritime Powers and to invite them to accede
to them. This, it seems to me, was either
madness or the blindest fatuity on the part of
our Government, It was simply requesting
other nations not to sell us a ton of coal or a
pound of powder for our vessels of war in case
we were at war with Great Britain. Having
no territory outside of this continent, our war
steamers could not go far from our coasts,
because here alone could they receive sup-
plies; they could not cruise off the British
coast, for when short of fuel or supplies they
• would be denied them in every port of Europe,
if other nations adopted those rules of inter-
national law. England, on,the contrary, could
supply her ships in every part of the world
without the aid or consent of other nations.
Her foresight and rapacity had grasped posses-
sions which stretch from Nova Scotia in the
Atlantic to Victoria in the Pacific; and run-
ning by Alaska, our lately acquired territory,
her authority extends to the Arctic ocean,
sweeping within her grasp the islands of the
frozen region and many of the most valuable
islands in the Caribbean sea. She holds Belize
and Honduras, Gibraltar, Bermuda, and Malta.
At the antipodes she owns the vast continent
of Australia; in Asia she contends for empire
with the Russian; in Spain with the sun-baked
natives, and on our borders she owns a terri-
tory almost as vast in area as our own. If
these rules, therefore, were adopted by other
maritime nations, we would be the sufferers
and England would be the gainer.
In view of all these facts she could well
afford to run the risk of a tribunal of arbitra-
tion giving judgment against her for ten or
fifteen million dollars, an amount which six
months' profit of our stolen commerce would
more than cover; but even this I do not believe
she will have to pay, for should an award for
direct damages be given against her, it will in
my opinion be so small in amount, that awards
allowed to British subjects by the mixed com-
mission now in session in this city for losses
sustained in the South during the war will
cover all we are ever likely to receive from this
arbitration at Geneva, provided it ever takes
place, which at present seems very doubtful,
and which 1 hope and trust for the interests
and honor of the United States never may,
for if it was not the desire of England to make
some reasonable recompense for the enormous
national losses and injury which she willfully
and designedly caused to be inflicted upon the
nation, and if it was not the intention "of the
American Executive, in making the treaty, to
submit our claims for national losses to the
tribunal of arbitration, then the treaty was a
trick and a fraud upon the American people,
and was agreed upon solely in the interest of
scheming and corrupt cliques, and to serve
some bad and wicked purpose; for outside of
our national losses we had nothing to gain by
the treaty, but everything to lose. Most of the
vessels destroyed were insured, many of them
in English companies, and the underwriters
have long since carried their losses to the profit
and loss side of their ledgers. Bat I am satis-
fied, after a careful perusal of the treaty and
the protocol, that it does provide for the sub-
mission of the national losses to the board of
arbitration, for besides the portions of the
protocol which I have given, the opening clause
of the first article of the treaty covers them. It
is as follows:
" Whereas differences have arisen between, the
Government of the United States and the Govern-
ment of lier Britannic Majesty, and still exist, grow-
ing out of the acts committed by the several vessels
which have given rise to the claims generic&lly
known as the * Alabama claims.' "
And again it states:
"Now in order to remove and adjust all com-
plaints and claims on the part of the United States
and to provide for the speedy settlement of such
claims, which are not admitted by ber Britannio
Majesty's Government, the high contracting parties
agree that all the said claims, growing out of acts
committed by the aforesaid vessels, and generieally
known as the'Alabama claims,' shall be referred to
a tribunal of arbitration."
Here in the first article of the treaty we find
Great Britain stipulating to submit the differ-
ences growing out of the acts committed by
the several cruisers, and generieally known as
the Alabama claims, to arbitration. We find
repeated in the first article the phrase " grow
ing out of the acts of the Alabama." And
what are these national claims but losses
growing out of the acts of the Alabama, and
similar cruisers, and which are generieally
known as the Alabama claims? No inference
or deduction can be plainer than this. If it
was intended that Great Britain should only
be held responsible for the acts of the Ala-
bama, and the acts of similar vessels, why say
the claims growing out of the acts, and gener-
ieally known as the Alabama claims? There-
fore I hold that the treaty provides for the
submission to the board of arbitration of the
five claims submitted by our Government in
the ease as presented. They are as follows:
First, the claims for direct losses growing
out of the destruction of vessels and their
cargoes by the insurgent cruisers.
Second, the national expenditures in the
pursuit of those cruisers.
