1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ary marketing of his family. I say that is
not the way in which this great Government
should act, with its officials.
As to the criticism of tlie Senator from Ver-
mont on this amendment, it would be just if
this were a proposition to create a new office
with a new salary, but it is not so. It is
simply a proposition to add $2,000 more to a
talary now existing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is the difference
in point of principle ?
Mr. RAMSEY. If it were a proposition
creating a new office, you might allege want
of notice, surprise, or something of that kind;
but here is simply a proposition to increase
a salary already fixed, and admittedly entirely
too low. It is now $3,000. The proposition
is to increase it by $2,000 more. I submit to
the Senate that this has been frequently done.
We frequently increase salaries ia appropria-
tion bills, and frequently increase appropria-
tions recommended by the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and as frequently reduce them.
1 say it is not a novelty, and the criticism of
the Senator is not a just one on the amend-
ment as it stands.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee if this bill has not
already established this very thing in a matter
that comes a little nearer to us than the Treas-
ury Department. I ask if the compensation
of the police of this Capitol is not increased
$200 by this very bill?
Mr. COLE. In response to the inquiry of
the Senator, I will state that the salaries of the
police officers, as the bill now stands in com-
mittee, have been raised, but notice has been
given that a vote will be had by yeas and nays
upon it when the bill is reported to the Sen-
ate, and I have a memorandum on my book
here of a determination to raise the question
in the Senate, which I certainly shall do, and
ask for a vote by yeas and nays.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then, according to the in-
formation given us by the chairman of the
committee, the bill comes to us from the House
increasing the compensation of the Capitol
police, and that comes directly in point; and
we may assume if the House will do it in that
case they might possibly do it in some other.
Mr. HILL. I hold in my hand a copy of a
bill reported in the House of Representatives,
which I think is pending there—I do not know
that it has passed yet—proposing to increase
the salaries of -all the officers, I believe, of the
Treasury Department, without a single excep-
tion, embracing all the Auditors and every
class of officers, except perhaps the clerks. In
this bill there is a proposition to reorganize
the construction branch of the Treasury De-
paatment, at the head of which is the archi-
tect of whom Senators are now speaking, and
to increase his salary. The provision is pretty
elaborate, embracing quite a number of archi-
tects, assistant architects, photographers,
clerks, &c. l'f I felt certain that such a bill
as this, making an increase generally of at
least fifty per cent, on the salaries of the offi-
cers of the Treasury, would be adopted, I
should oppose the present amendment, but I
know how chary of appropriations and of in-
crease of salaries the present period is.
I am aware also, that this officer, meritori-
ous as he is, capable as he is, skilled as he is
in his profession, has been made a member
of the board of public works of this District,
and that while other parties associated with
him iu that business are paid $2,500 he has
no increased compensation whatever. That
is making it very onerous upon him. While
I admit that there seems to be an irregularity
and perhaps rather a bad precedent in putting
this particular case on this bill to the exclu-
sion of others, perhaps as deserving or com-
paratively so, yet through apprehension that
the bill to which I have referred may not get
through the other House, and the greater ap-
prehension still that if it should pass that
House it may fail here even of consideration,
I think it safest to vote for an increase of the
salary of this officer now. To be sure, this is
an innovation ; but if the bill which is so
much needed for this large class of officers,
who are barely able to exist here on their
present salaries—heads of bureaus at $3,000
a year, the same pay which has existed for
years and years, fixed when living in Washing-
ton was much cheaper than it is now—should
fail, I should regret very much that by my
vote this officer had been deprived of any in-
crease of his salary.
I see no great difficulty in the way if we
should succeed in passing the bill here with
this amendment. It may stimulate the friends
of other officers in the Treasury and other
departments in the Government where an
increase of salary is necessary to the support
of useful public men. Instead of its being a
drawback in the way of progress in increasing
the compensation of other officers, it may be-
come a stimulant; and in that hope, that it
may result in an increase of salary to all those
whose salaries are too low, which is very gen-
eral in the public service, I am in favor of the
amendment, and shall vote far it. I would
much rather have an opportunity to vote for
the entire bill to which I have referred; but
since I have not had that opportunity and may
not have it, I will take it as near as I can get
it in this one particular case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator has no
opportunity to vote for anything else that he is
in favor of except on this bill at this moment,
and his logic therefore would drive him to vote
for all the bills on the Calendar that he be-
lieves in as amendments to this bill. Of
course that will not stand.
I only rise to say one word in reply to a re-
mark of the Senator from Maine [Mr. Ham-
lin] that the House has already set the exam-
ple of increasing salaries above the provision
fixed by law in the bill already sent to us.
The House has not acted on any such princi-
ple. The House as to the Capitol police acted
upon the principle, as their construction of
existing statutes, that the police were entitled
by law to the compensation that this appropri-
ation bill gives them. The committee of the
Senate to whom this bill was referred thought
they were not entitled by law to that compen-
sation, and therefore cut it down; so that
both Houses have acted on the principle only
of having the appropriation bill conform to
the law.
Mr. COLE. I do not wish to delay a vote.
Of course I am very anxious for that. About
everything that can be said on this proposed
amendment has been said by one Senator or
another. But the proposition of the Senate
Committee on Appropriations has1 been ad-
hered to pretty strictly thus far, to keep the
appropriations within the limits prescribed by
the law. If Senators will manifest half the
zeal in getting up the bill referred to by my
friend, the Senator from _ Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] that they have exhibited in endeavor-
ing to get this increase of salary on an appro-
priation bill, I apprehend they will not find
much difficulty in getting that measure through;
and when that is passed, of course the appro-
priation bills will conform to it. I will vote
for that bill, so far as this officer is concerned,
at any time, and to have it take effect imme-
diately upon its passage, and make provision
for the deficiency if necessary. We are now
appropriating for the next fiscal year, the year
commencing on the 1st of July next. A remedy
can be devised more in accordance with the
necessities of this officer, I am satisfied, than
is proposed by this amendment.
If there were any excuse for going beyond
the law in making these appropriations, for
going beyond the precedent, in fact, I do not
know but that I should be inclined to do it ia
favor of so meritorious an officer; but wemust
adhere to rule, or else we shall find ourselves
in the difficulties that were foreshadowed by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance. He
says that if this amendment is adopted he will
imm edi ately propose an amendment to compre-
hend all the heads of bureaus, and that, too;
on an appropriation bill. I am satisfied that
if we make this one exception we shall be led
into a labyrinth of legislation on this bill. I
hope we shall get along without that annoyance.
Mr. CALDWELL. I shall vote against this
amendment, not because I am opposed to an
increase of salary to those officers who are
inadequately paid, and I believe there are
many such, and I believe the supervising archi-
tect of the Treasury is one of them, but be-
cause I am opposed to increasing salaries in
this way. I think this is a matter of very
great importance, one that should be con-
sidered by itself, and that the rights of all
should be duly considered. I think this is not
the proper way to increase salaries.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the whole trouble.
The consideration of this subject is postponed
from year to year by just such arguments, and
nothing is ever done.
Mr. CALDWELL. If a majority of the
Senate are in favor of increasing salaries and
a bill is introduced for that purpose, I think it
can be passed.
Mr. RAMSEY. A majority of the Senate
are in favor of this.
Mr. CALDWELL. Then introduce a bill
on the subject.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 22; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Ferry of
Michigan, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Logan,
Nye, I'ool.Kamsey, Rice, Robertson, Spencer, Stock-
ton, and Trumbull—21. -
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Blair. Caldwell, Cole,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of
Connecticut, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Morrill of Maine, Nor-
wood, Pomeroy, Ssiulsbury, Sherman, Stevenson,
Thurman, Vickers, West, and Wright—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Casserly,
Clayton, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Fenton, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton,Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott, Sprague. Stewart, Sumner, Tipton,
Wilson, and Windom—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer the following
amendment to come in on the forty-first page
of the bill after line ten hundred and four,
under the head of "General Land Office:"
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to appoint
for service in tho General Land Office, during a
period of one year from the 1st day of July, 1872,
forty clerks of class one in addition to the number
of clerks now authorized by law in tlfo said bureau,
$48,000.
I desire to call the attention of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations to this
amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
Kansas will give us some explanation of this
proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. I hold in my hand a
report from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to the Secretary of the Interior,
which I was going to read, and which will tell
all about it. This is an amendment which was
sent to me by the Secretary of the Interior,
and with it is a communication, which I have
had printed, showing that there is in the Gen-
eral Land Office a very large amount of busi-
ness that has been left behind, as they call it,
not brought up; and, that the matter may be
well understood, I will read from the report.
After reciting the laws that have been passed
throwing a large amount of business into this
office, the Commissiouer of the General Land
Office says:
"To perform the work enjoined by these laws, I
have five clerks less than the force provided afc a
time when the population of the nation was twenty-
seven millions instead of thirty-nine millions; when
the surveying districts numbered twelve instead o-
seventeen ; and the appropriation for surveys of all
kinds was $537,091 instead of $1,138,220 the amount
appropriated for the year ending Jane 30,18(2; and
when the area annually surveyed ol the public
domain was about twelve million acros instead ot
twenty-two million acres as for the last fiscal year,
to say nothing of the increased area of the present
fiscal year."
