1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2349
object, when the whole thing is lumped, so to
speak, by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
instead of paying the itemized accounts for
which we made the appropriations, throw the
whole into hotchpot, as was done in this very
case? Within aweekortwoofthe time when the
$93,000 for this old and settled claim was paid
by the Secretary of the Navy, he came before
this House and got the Committee on Appro-
priations to report for him a deficiency bill of
$2,000,000, which passed Congress in Febru-
ary, 1870, $1,500,000 of which was for this
very Bureau of Construction and Repair, on
account of which he had paid this $93,000
only a few weeks before.
Mr. SARG-ENT. The gentleman is prob-
ably not aware that he is out of order in this
discussion.
Mr. BECK. My proposition is to give to
the Departments all the monev that they want,
so that they need not violate the law any
longer.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not feel at liberty
under the rules to discuss that matter with, the
gentleman. It seems to me it is not fair for
him to make the remarks he has done, and
that it is contrary to the rules of the House for
him to do so.
The matter is under consideration by the
committee. The report of the committee is
not here. The gentleman is not authorized
in stating as yet anything as to that testimony.
Mr. BECK. I am giving this as a specimen
of the way the Departments do. I am not
discussing now the official conduct of the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
Mr. SARGENT. I say that the gentleman
is doing exactly that thing.
Mr. BECK. I say that the Comptroller of
tlie Treasury shows by his evidence that all
the Departments are doing as I have stated,
and that your appropriations are a farce.
Mr. SARGENT. What knowledge has the
gentleman of the testimony before that com-
mittee V
Mr. BECK. My knowledge is derived from
the public papers of the country, and from a
eopy of the testimony, which I obtained in
order to see whether the testimony as pub-
lished in the newspapers was correct.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, I raise
the point of order that this discussion is not
in order. It would be indecorous—my own
sense of propriety would not allow me—to
respond to the gentleman's remarks. The
matter is now being considered by the com-
mittee. The testimony, whatever it is, is in
charge of that committee; by and by it will be
reported, and then the gentleman's criticism
upon it will be in order. But at present I
raise the point of order, as the only reply that
can now be made to the gentleman under the
rules of t.he House.
Mr. BECK. I insist 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
give way until the point of order is decided.
The Chair understands that the gentleman from
Kentucky bases his remarks upon a newspaper
publication of testimony taken before a com-
mittee.
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. If the testimony has
found its way into the public prints, the gen-
tleman has a right to comment upon it, and
the committee may take it for what it is worth.
Mr. BECK. [ have been trying to show,
Mr. Chairman, that all the bills which we are
now seeking to pass with so much pomp of
circumstance and detail amount to nothing;
that the bureau officers set them all aside and
pay out what they please, even upon accounts
settled by former administrations, in violation
of law, as I can prove by opinions of every
Attorney General from Mr. Wirt down, which
reports I have before me to verify what I say,
if opportunity is allowed. That is the reason
I object to all our proceedings here as useless,
if not foolish.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, the minor
point which the gentleman from Kentucky
seeks to makeisofvery little consequence com-
pared with the ground he seeks to cover by his
broader inferences. If the gentleman asserts
that the Secretary of the Navy violated a law
in paying $93,000 on the Secor claim, I say
that he is in my judgment entirely incorrectin
the statement. Being upon that committee,
I am sorry to be compelled to express au
opinion upon this matter. At any rate it is
simply a question as to the construction of a
law; and not even the gentleman's Democratic
colleagues on the committee believe that the
honor of the Secretary was in that matter
touched in any particular. I believe I express
on this point their opinion as well as my own.
Mr. ARCHER. I think perhaps it would
be well that the gentleman should not under-
take to state the opinions of his colleagues on
the committee. I think we have been careful
not to express opinions as we went along.
Mr. SARGENT. I heard the gentleman
say, and it went into the newspapers, (I sup-
pose I have as much right under the rules of
the House to refer to newspaper reports as the
gentleman from Kentucky has,) that so far as
proceedings had gone—and the remark was
made at a very late stage of the proceed-
ings—there was nothing developed touching
the honor of the Secretary.
Mr. ARCHER. But as to the question of
construction, 1 want to say 
Mr. SARGENT. Thegentlemanwill excuse
me for a moment. The House must see at
once the embarrassment to which such a dis-
cussion as this leads. I desire to be cour-
teous toward my associates in the House, and
especially my colleagues on the committee;
but a discussion here in the House of a subject
which is being investigated by a committee
compels any one who would advert to it to
appear at every moment to do that which is
in some aspects improper. I do not know
how I can refer to the matter and be in order.
It seems to me to be entirely contrary to the
common law of the House that a matter which
is intrusted to a committee for investigation
should be made a subject of discussion on this
floor in advance of the report of the commit-
tee. I will not, however, further allude to
what the gentleman has said on that point.
I wish, however, to say a word or two on
another point. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky alludes to the fact that at a certain time
Congress granted a deficiency appropriation
for the Bureau of Construction and Repair
and another bureau, the amount of which was
from fifteen hundred thousand to two million
dollars. Why, sir, at the very time we made
that deficiency appropriation for the Navy
Department we took from that Department
some $3,000,000 and covered it into the Treas-
ury. Instead of allowing the Department the
benefit of the money it had in its hands, which
had been saved in the administration of other
bureaus, we took away a million or two dollars
more than we appropriated at that time for its
benefit. And if it proved anything at all it
proved that the Navy was economical, that it
was saving money in its administration. I
say the criticism raised at that time against
the Navy, and the prejudice sought to be
excited against it, in order to defeat another
proposition—and that was the League island
matter—were entirely unjustified by the cir-
cumstances under which that appropriation
was asked or granted. Now, sir, I do not
see how, except by referring to the testimony
taken before the committee, I can answer the
gentleman from Kentucky, and I think that
would be improper; and, as 1 understand the
nature of that testimony, I propose to gov-
ern myself by what I consider the rules of the
House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I wish to move an amendment
to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must make
the point of order himself that this discussion
is not germane to the pending amendment of
the Senate. One gentleman has been heard
on each side of the House, and the discussion
must stop here.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the eighty-fourth amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
Insert these words;
i'o enable the Secretary of War to have examined
and copies furnished from the rebel archives, from
time to time, for the use of the Government, $6,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee recom-
mend concurrence in that amendment with au
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call the at-
tention of the committee to the amendment
now being read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the word "have" in said
amendment, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
The rebel archives examined and copies furnished
from timo to time for the use of the Government,
including also an additional sum for contingent
expenses of his otlice, $11,000, and for the payment
of cleiks employed in the examination and settle-
ment of claims arising from the collection and or-
ganization of volunteer? during the lato war, as fol-
lows : four clerks of class four. Three clerks of class
three, four clerks at $1,500 per annum, twenty-three
clerks of class two, and twelve clerks of class one,
one fireman at $720 per annum, one raossenger at $360
per annum, and fur incidental expenses, $8,000;
making in all the further sum of $73,680; which is
hereby appropriated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
explain to the committee the reason for this
amendment, which appears rather remarkable
until it is understood.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I reserve all
points of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There are none
which can be reserved. Mr, Chairman, up to
the present time the laws for the collecting,
drilling, and organizing of volunteers have
made permanent appropriations. We have
not made appropriations year by year as the
laws which created that work, which author-
ized that to be done, made permanent end
contiuuing impropriations out of the Treasury.
Until the law of 1870, which went into effect
iast July, there was no appearance in the reg-
ular appropriation bills of any of these items.
They have been paid year hv year out of the
Treasury without any specific appropriation.
It has been decided in the past few months,
by the First Comptroller of the Treasury, that
the law of July 12, 1870, cuts off this class of
appropriations from being permanent and puts
them into the class of annual appropriations.
I call attention to the following letter of the
Secretary of War relative to appropriations
for collecting, drilling, and organizing volun-
teers :
"War Department, February 21,1872.
The Secretary of War has the honor to submit to
the House of Representatives, for the consideration
of the Committee on Appropriations, the following:
By enactments (12 Statutes, pages 31G, 508, and
64-3; also 13 Statutes, pa^e 320) appreciations were
made for collecting, drilling, and 0rg.mi7.mg volun-
teers, amounting to $K),700,0(X).
Pending the eonsideianou of the act of July 12,
1870, 06 Statutes, pages 280, 231,) this Department
viewed that these appropriations for collecting,
drilling, and organizing volunteers were not made
specifically for the service of any (heal year, and
that they fell under the head nf4' permanent or in-
definite.'' This view was confirmed by the opinion
of the Second Comptroller. Therefore, the War
Departuieut took no action toward having the act
amended, with the view of saving the appropria-
tions.
After the passage of the act, the Second Comp-
troller afiirmed the view as stated,a,nd that affirma-
tion ha* been practically enforced by the passage of
most of the disbursements made under it.
Consequently the Department continued, asbeforo,
paying what, were considered legitimate and proper
expenses from said appropriation.
In December, 1870, a requisition mode for funds
to be placed to the credit, of the proper disbursing
officer was returned by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who stated that he had been nitoimed rhat the
money was to be used in paying cierks of this De-
partment, and in view of the filth section ot the act
of July 12,1870. expressed doubts as to the propriety
of the advance, lie was informed, in leply, that
the money was required for the pavment of clerks
employed in the examination ana settlement of
claims arising from the collection and oxgaiiization
of volunteers during the lat^ war, nnd foi the pay-
ment of approved claims. The only answer received
