506
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Alabama Claims—Mr. Molerts.
42d Cong....2d Bess.
Third. The loss in the transfer of the Amer-
ican commercial marine to the British flag.
Fourth, the enhanced payments of insur-
ance.
The fifth claim is as follows:
"The prolongation of the war, and the addition
of a large sum to the oost of the war and the sup-
pression of the rebellion."
It is, of course, an open question whether
this claim could be successfully maintained
before a board of arbitration, owing to the
difficulty in fixing the time beyond which the
war was clearly prolonged by the hostile acts
of England, and the amount to be awarded
to the United States. But that Great Britain
caused the prolongation of the rebellion, that
she is morally guilty of giving aid and comfort
to it, from its inception to its close, and that
no settlement should be considered an atone-
ment so far as it is in her power to make it, un-
til she pays a very large portion of our war debt,
are questions upon which I have 110 more doubt
than that the whole policy of the British Gov-
ernment during our rebellion was inspired by a
desire to destroy the power, the unity, and the
prosperity of our Republic; and whatever dif-
ferences of opinion may exist in relation to this
claim, of one thing I am convinced, after a
careful reading and study of the treaty and
the protocol, and that is, that the only party
or parties competent to decide as to whether
we are or are not entitled to an award under
the treaty for the fifth claim is the tribunal
of arbitration selected, as the treaty states, to
remove and adjust all complaints and claims
on the part of the United States, and to pro-
vide for the speedy settlement of such claims
which are not admitted by her Britannic Majes-
ty's Government. And as this claim for the
prolongation of the war, and the addition of a
large sum to the cost of the war, was clearly
and emphatically stated in the protocol, and
was not waived nor abandoned in the treaty,
but, on the contrary, article seven of the
treaty stipulates that—
" In ease the tribunal find that Great Britain failed
to fulfill any duty or duties aforesaid, it may, if it
think proper, proceed to award a sum in gross to be
paid bydroat Britain to the United States for all
claims referred to it,"
it seems to me that nothing can be clearer
than our right under the treaty to submit these
five claims to the board of arbitration, and if
England refuses to go before the board and
submit to its decision because we presented
our own case in our way, without dictation
orinlimidation from her, then it is only another
proof of the impossibility of entering into any
engagement with Great Britain that she will
not violate and disregard whenever it con-
flicts with her interests. Her policy is that
of a dishonored gambler : when she wins she
will pocket her gains, when she loses she will
refuse to pay.
To talk of the principle of arbitration with
such a nation doing away with contentions and
wars is the veriest farce, and her attempt to
bully and insult us at the very outset of the arbi-
tration is proof that so far as England is con-
cerned, instead of the principle settling disputes
it but creates them, and this present attempt
to arbitrate will leave in the hearts of the
American people a sense of wroug and injury
and insult, suffered at the hands of England,
which it will take years to eradicate.
We should never have submitted the ques-
tion of England's responsibility for the acts
of the Alabama and similar cruisers to arbi-
tration. Her responsibility was too clear and
well established to submit it to the judgment
of others. The only question which we should
have allowed to go to arbitration was the
amount which England should pay, and even
this I do not think we ought to have submitted
in the ease of England. We should have
made out our hill, and then said, "If you want
to make restitution lor your past injuries, pay
this amoun-t, or take your chances in future
wars of our interpreting neutrality laws as you
did during our civil war."
For all these reasons I was opposed to the
treaty from the first. It was agreed upon while
theatmospkeresurroundingthe commissioners
was filled with the most fulsome and degrading
incense to British lords, their sovereign and
their country. In New York arid Washington
the British commissioners were overwhelmed
with compliments; they were f§ted, dined,
wined, and toasted, nntil an unsophisticated
looker-on would suppose they represented a
people who had always been our warm friends
and allies, instead of our bitter revilers and
malignant foes ever since we have been a
nation, and who had within the last few years
perpetrated the most flagrant wrongs and out-
rages upon the life of the Republic and the
lives and property of the American people ;
nay, that their hands were scarcely cleansed
of the best blood of the North and South, shed
in a civil war which England encouraged and
sustained.
And what has all«this sycophancy and cant
amounted to? Hasit changed their hearts, and
made them less our secret foes in our pros-
perity, or will it make them less our bitter ene-
mies in adversity? Has it inspired them with
a higher sense of justice as between man and
man, or between our nation and theirs? We
have only to read their newspaper attacks
upon our just claims, and the philippics of their
statesmen, who stigmatize us as a nation of
tricksters, and, as Disraeli says, "a Govern-
ment in which there is no fountain of honor,"
and these sentiments are shared by the English
people without a solitary exception. Even that
stall-fed subject of her Majesty, John Bright,on
whom we have lavished so many encomiums,
has not a word to say in our behalf.
The following letter, one of many similar
ones which I could give, will show how the
sycophancy and humiliating antics of our
American snobs and stock-jobbers, are appre-
ciated in England:
The Alabama Claims— View of an Americanin London.
London, February 1,1872.
To the Editor of the Herald :
Sir: I think it a duty, as an American resident
in England for forty years, to communicate to an
American journal such ideas as ause in my mind
lrom observation ot what I see and hear at present
on the case between England and America. Travel-
ing from Brighton to London a few mornings ago,
in an express train, in a first-class carriage, filled
with apparently first-chop London men of business
resident at this fashionable watering-place, the con-
versation turned on the " arbitration case." After
freely settling that the tone of public and private
feeling in America is of the lowest type—from the
President to Eisk—and that nothing so degraded in
character exists or ever did exist as the American
press—particularly marking out the Herald and its
proprietor for execration—it was admitted that the
late Lord Derby would have brought these Yankecs
to their senses; for it was seen how they lower their
aggressive insolence so soon as a spirit is manifested
in England, such as Lord Derby's fiery spirit, aided
by the London press, evoked a few years ago. The
exact words I cannot repeat; but the meaning oi
the conversation was that a show of resistance should
be made, and it leaked out that the hint has been
fiven to the press by the Government to do the m-
ignation dodge, but to refrain from hard words.
For this you must be prepared—but they won't do
more than bluster. I have lived so long here that
there is scarcely any distinguishing mark of my
nationality about mo, except when I choose to ob-
trude it, and then conversation ceases. I can safely
aver thatno Power in the world isso bated by another
as America is by England, notwithstanding profes-
sions to the contrary, and in English privato life,
young and old, gen tie and simple, males and females,
are utterly poisoned against everything American,
and it will take centuries to erase the impressions
left by Dickens and other English writers. I hope
to be excused for troubling you at this length.
AN ALBANY MAN.
It is entirely unnecessaiy for me to say a
word indorsing the fidelity with which this
letter depicts the opinions and feelings of the
English people toward the United States.
Everybody who has given the matter the least
thought or study will he convinced of its truth
save the few wretched imitators of Britain's
aristocracy in our midst who become so elated
at receiving a little attention from some Brit-
ish aristocrat, that they are straightway pos
sessed with the most exalted ideas of every-
thing British j they become ashamed of the
institutions of their own country and of their
own humble origin, and many of them who
are of English descent forget that had their
fathers remained in England the probability
is their descendants to-day would be blacking
some lord's boots, while these very aristocrats
for whom they have such unbounded admira-
tion would not give them a penny to keep
them from the poor-house.
To these glorifiers of everything British we
must add the self-righteous Pharisees, who talk
about a common language a d a conaion reli-
gion, adnauseam; and a few bankers and specu-
lators who are so closely allied with London
moneyed institutions that they would barter
the honor and the interests of their country for
a rise in stock securities. These cliques and
their allies are now at work to induce our Gov-
ernment to repudiate their own declarations,
and their own solemn compact, by withdraw-
ing claims which the treaty specifically pro-
vides for presentation to the tribunal at Ge-
neva. I cannot better give my views of these
people and their work than by quoting the
following editoiial from the New York Herald.
It is in my opinion a just and timefy rebuke
of a class of Americans who are a scandal to
the great body of our citizens and a dishonor
to the Republic:
" The English Blood and Kindred Cry and the
Treaty—The Plain /aswe before the Senate.—It is a
curious tact that the shibboleths of 'kindred peo-
ples,' ' Christian nations,' 'common blood,' and so
forth, ad naufeam, are never heard between Eug-
land and America except at the precise periods
when this nation is asked to make some sacrifice in
England's favor. When the Union was writhing in
its war struggle for very existence the ' common
blood' was accounted in England no thicker than
water, and the press ot that' kindred people' in its
gloating over the slaughter of our brave soldieis
was applauded by that 'Christian nation,'when it
said in its savagery that' the Yankees are the scum
of the earth.' The notoriety-craving parsons; the
meddlesome quidnuncs who are lickspittles in one
country and ultra-Christians in the other; the
timid business men, whose interests are on the oppo-
site side of the Atlantic to their nationalities; the
amateur diplomatists, whose genius lias never re-
ceived more recognition than it is worth, all rush in
on such occasions as the treaty difficulty to befog a
simple question with their fulsome platitudes. The
harm which these volunteer owls of politico havo
lately wrought on this side arises from an adroit-
ness in having their hootings taken for the tune as
the voice of the American people. The English
cabinet, press, and people were induced by them to
think that we were as much opposed to the claim
for ' indirect damages' as the English themselves.
Hence Granville's encouragement to browbeat and
bully our timid, vacillating Secretary of State, and
hence Minister Schenek's piteous wailing through
the cable.
"It is not at all surprising that the English organ
of the Administration here should enter, con amore,
upon the task of putting British sugar upon the bit-
ter pill of national humiliation which its directors
in tho English ioreign office and whip-drivers in our
State Department a.sk the Senate of the United
States to swallow. That it breaks out all over with
an eruption of spurious' Christianity ' is what might
be expected. It is, as we have said, the plea on
which America is ever asked to back down from a
stand of national honor <«> concede some material
advantage to the commercial greed of England ; and,
indeed, that its chronic mendacity should find fitting
expression will not astonish many. Small wonder,
then, that the ' Christianity,' 'common blood,' and
' kindred people' brigade are called on to drown the
angry remonstrance of an outraged people who find
themselves to have been effectually bullied into a
compromise as disgraceful as it should be impossi-
ble! Small wonder that the English editors 111 this
city bay the moon and rattle tho chains which con-
nect their collars with Downing street and the State
Department!
"Between two private parties, in the matter of a
business agreement, these by-questions ot religion,
blood, and race are not allowed to enter. The par-
son buys his land from a Jew without them. The
American quidnunc, truckle as he may, cannot buy
a roll of English cloth on tho credit of'common
blood,' and the American business man who maun-
ders about 'kindred peoples' would not sell a bale
of middling cotton to Manchester with his securities
in ' the glorious ties of Anglo-Saxon origin.' "Why,
then, should this begging the question be allowed to
betog an international dispute?"
