B240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Agnes
Ellen Klejss be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 178) in relation
to estimates of appropriations and appropria-
tion accounts, to report the same favorably
■with amendments. I will state that this is a
bill of a good deal of importance in respect
to the business of the Treasury, although
there is very little that is absolutely new in
it, and I shall hope the Senate will take it up
■presently and pass it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. CALDWELL, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2334) to confirm to the Great and
Little Osage Indians a reservation in the In-
dian territory, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the samecommitlee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 'J76) to confirm
to the Great and Little Osage Indians a res-
ervation in the Indian territory, reported it
adversely, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment, it being similar to House bill No. 2334,
reported favorably; aad the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was reterred the bill (H. 11. No. 872) to pro-
vide for the sale of certain New York Indian
lands in Kansas, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom were referred the
following petitions, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration ; which was
ngreed to ;
The petition of Henry VP. Golder, second
lieutenant company K, twenty-ninth regiment
Maine volunteers, praying to be allowed a
pension ;
The petition of citizens of Indiana, praying
that a pension be granted to Elizabeth Sisson ;
The petition of Levin Lank, of Sussex
county, Delaware, asking for a pension for his
services in the war of 1812 ;
The petition of William McDaniel, of Cul
peper, Virginia, praying for a pension for
services in the war of 1812; and
The petition of .lano W. Bront, widow of
Captain Brent, late of the United States Army,
praying for a pension.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The Commit-
tee on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(11. li. No. 1203) granting a pension to Martha
Elwoll, on account of the death of her son,
who was a lieutenant ill a regiment of Maine
volunteers, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment and recommend its
passage. I ask for the immediate passage of
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to consider the bill at this time.
Is there objection 'I
Mr. KELLOGG. I shall have to object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placcd on the Calendar.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1469) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to open negotiations with
the Indian nations, tribes, or individuals, for
the purpose of commuting all annuities now
payable in kind, and to report his doings
to Congress for its adoption, and for other
purposes, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Durfee & Peck,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 1088) to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to settle the claim of Messrs. Durfee
& Peck, and E. H. Purfee, for supplies fur-
nished the Indians in Montana in the winter of
1869.
The report was ordered to be printed, and
the bill was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Clark Hall, of Ohio, praying that he be paid
arrears of pension, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Mary Ann
Davis, praying to be allowed a pension, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2025) for the relief of Ruth A. Maxiner,
reported adversely thereon, and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. LOGAN. I intended reporting some
cases that the committee were favorable to,
and to ask action at once, but I see that
objection has been made to one bill reported by
the committee, by the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. KELLOGG. I made objection because
the bill 1 have in charge has been pending
in the morning hour and I want to get it up.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not make the state-
ment by way of criticism.
Mr. KELLOGG. I dislike to object.
Mr. TIPTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions to recommend the indefi-
nite postponement of tho bill (H. R. No. 557)
granting a pension to Elizabeth York. She is
already by act of Congress receiving a pension
of twenty-five dollars 'i month.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What do the House
propose ?
Mr. TIPTON. To give her arrears.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. TIPTON. The Committee on Pensions
ask to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Judith Williams,
praying a pension, as she was not married to
the deceased soldier within the time required
by law to entitle her to a pension.
The committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom the subject was referred, sub-
mitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
1098) to establish an iron ship-building yard
on the waters falling into the Atlantic, and an
iron ship-building yard on the Mississippi river
or one of its tributaries, and to afford facilities
to the Navy.
The bill was read and i ?ssed to a second
reading, and the report ^,,as ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the corr mittee, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 1027) to restore Laza-
rus L. Ileamey to the Navy of the United
States as a midshipman, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 077) to authorize the Secretary of War to
accept the peninsular in Lake Erie opposite
the harbor of Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of B. S. Kerr, praying passage of an act per-
mitting the children of Michael O'Conner to
receive a pension, which is now denied them
in consequence of the neglect of their guardian
to secure the same within five years, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Lucinda H. Lyon,
praying to be paid arrears of pension, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 977) granting a
pension to Mrs. Melinda Brooks, reported ad- ,
versely thereon, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement ; which was agreed to. "
Mr. HITCHCOCK, from the Committee og
Territories, to whom was referred the bill
(EL R. No. 1735) to provide for holding ad-
journed terms of the supreme court of Arizona,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referrec} the bill
(H. R. No. 1914) to authorize the Secretary
cf the Interior to negotiate with the chiefs and
head men of the Shoshone and Bannock tribes
of Indians for the relinquishment of a portion
of their reservation in Wyoming Territory,
reported it without amendment.^
He also, from the same committee, to
was referred the bill_(S. No. 620) for the sale
of the Black Bob Indian lands, in the State of
Kansas, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H, R,. No. 1535) to
abolish the tribal relations of the Miami In-
dians, and for other purposes, reported it witlj
an amendment.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.*
li. No. 2341) to allow the pleasure-yacht Red
Hot to take the name of Addie Parker, an<|
be registered under th$t name, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whonj
was referred the bill (EL R. No. 2116) to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide
for the better security of life on board of ves-
sels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and for other purposes," approved February
28, 1871, reported it with amendments.
Mr. CORBETT. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1072) for the
better preservation of harbors, havens, roads,
channels, navigable rivers, lakes, and other
navigable waters within the United States,
have directed me to report it without amend-
ment, and recommend its consideration at the
present time, as it is a matter of importance
pertaining to all the rivers and harbors of the
United States. The bill is short, and I pre-
sume there will be no objection to its consids
eration. I have a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury, which can be read.
Mr. KELLOGG. I object to the considers'
tion of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana objects, and the bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. COOPER, from the Committee on Ter<
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (H- R-
No. 1178) to grant the right of way to the
Laramie Water and Ditch Company over th©
public lands in Albany county, Wyoming Ter-
ritory, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1541) making appropriations for th§
support of the Army for the year ending Jqns
30, 1873, reported it with amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, from the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of the State of Nevada, asking an
appropriation for payment of claims of the
State against the United States, reported ^
bill (S. No. 1089) to reimburse the State of
Nevada for expenses incurred, while a Terri-
tory, in the purchase of a prison and in support
of United States courts ; which was read, and
passed to the second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 357) for the
relief of Horace B. Shepard, of Indiana, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave to call up Si
resolution of inquiry which I offered some days
ago.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object. Let us get
through with the morning business.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is simply for inform-
ation.
