558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
It seems to me this measure is to rest, if
it can stand at all, upon the grounds stated
in other instances of great calamities. It
does not stand. I beg to say to the hon-
orable Senator from' Illinois, [Mr. Logan,]
upon the idea that the scene of the calamity-
was a great city; that the scene of the mis-
fortune was a commercial center. I think
it cannot be defended on that ground at
all. It must stand upon the idea that the
event which makes it necessary, that the
calamity which it attempts to relieve, was of
such a nature as to constitute an exception
to the general rule.
To illustrate my proposition, surely the
Senator from Illinois as a lawyer would find
no distinction between the two cases which I
now put: an accidental fire, with nothing of
unusual instrumentality, occurring on the same
day in the city of New York and in the city of
Buffalo. I say the honorable Senator would
see no distinction in this regard between the
those cases. Why? Because, although the
theater of one fire would be the greatest city
of the western world, the greatest city (I think
I might say without boasting) in some respects
in Christendom, and the scene of the other
would be in the city of Buffalo, a far less city,
the character of the casualty would be the
same in both, namely, an incendiary fire or
an accidental fire, as the case might be; and
no appeal could be addressed by the city of
New York rather than by the city of Buffalo,
because the cases would be alike, and both of
them would fall below that standard of excep-
tion which would address itself to us.
I assume, then, that the reason for this bill
is that an extraordinary unprecedented calam-
ity, overtopping and overmastering the ordin-
ary idea of accidental fires, has visited one of
the cities of this continent. There is in the
case that ingredient pointed out by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, which I think helps
the Senator from Illinois, and I presume he
does not mean to discard it. There was in
the atmosphere prevailing, in the physical
world, existing above all human precautions
and instrumentalities—a condition of things
which, if it did not generate fire, when fire
had begun, either in the forestor the field,
either in the city or the hamlet, gave it loose
?ein to spread beyond all the ordinary means
of hemming it in or putting it out. That fact
is in this case, and that fact is just as true of
the desolation which swept the State of Wis-
consin, and the frightful misery which visited
the State of Michigan, as it is in respect of the
particular miles squarewhich were visited in the
city of Chicago. Indeed, I think I am not mis-
taken in supposing that the fire may bespoken
of as a single one which not only burnt
Chicago but burnt surrounding regions. If
that be true, I must say—and I am not now
upon the question whether the amendments
.shall be appended to this particular bill, or
whether they shall follow the' precedent now
to be established—I must say that I cannot
distinguish, as lawyer, Senator, or neighbor,
between the ca'se of the consumption of a city
and the consumption of surroundingregions by
the same fire and at the same time.
I do not wish to amplify this ; but it seems
to me that the poorest, the most meager illus-
tration would prove what I say. Suppose
Chicago to be, as is the city in which I
live, a city of boundaries, so narrow that the
thickly built part of the town spread to the
very lines of the city itself. A fire breaks
out which sweeps away one half of that city,
and sweeping across this geographical line it
burns buildings and property belonging to
those who do not reside technically within the
city limits. Can any Senator suppose, for
constitutional or for other reasons, that we
have a right to provide for so much of
the loss as feli within these city lines but
could not consider at all that loss, perhaps
greater in magnitude, lying in juxtaposition
with the loss first spoken of. but separated
from it by an imaginary and invisible line of
demarkation? Nobody would argue that; and
where is the distinction, I repeat, between
so much of this fire as was intensified in the
great focus of Chicago, and so much of it as
dispersed itself over fields, forests, hamlets,
and towns, and left almost physical annihi-
lation in its track? I see none; and in vot-
ing for the bill as it stands, I acknowledge
to the Senators from Michigan and to the
Senator from Wisconsin that I am unable
to distinguish that vote from the vote to be
given upon the measures which they bring
forward, whether those measures are brought
forward in connection with the present bill
or stand separate by themselves. If fires
had occurred at different times from different
causes, I could see the whole distinction, not
because of the difference in place, but because
of the difference of the event which calls upon
us to legislate.
Then, Mr. President, coming to the second
point, although my honorable friend from
Michigan (and, as I have said, I owe him an
apology for not having heard his speech ex-
cept in very 3mall part) may have said some-
thing in the emanation of debate which gives
the Senator from Illinois the idea of a want
of friendliness on his part, I cannot see in
the amendment he offers anything in conflict,
anything wanting in close connection with the
present bill. Therefore I think, for legis-
lative convenience, and in the ordinary mode
of proceeding, we had better vote, and I urge
upon the honorable Senator from Illinois who
has this bill in charge, that the bill loses
nothing by allowing us to vote now, once for
all, on the proposition of the Senator from
Michigan. If it be distinguishable from this
bill, let us say so ; if it be not distinguishable,
the honorable Senator from Illinois will lose
nothing by having the bill rounded out and
made symmetrical in all its parts. It is not
worth while to have separate enacting clauses
and separate days and separate votes upon
propositions identical, if they are identical,
and it' they are not, let the vote of the Senate
distinguish them.
Therefore I shall feel bound to vote for the
amendment offered by the Senator from Michi-
gan and the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin, if the amendments contain
nothing except those cases which are confess-
edly within the purview of the principle of the
bill. If they have named any town which was
not scourged, of course I do not intend to com-
mit myself to vote for that if I can know it in
season.
Now, I wish to say a word, Mr. President,
and only a word, in general terms upon this
proposition. One need claim no credit for
himself, and ccrtainly no more than the small-
est share in a common humanity, in order to
assert that his feeling is all in one direction
touching a proposition like this. Indeed, no
man need claim tenderness of heart or unself-
ishness of feeling in order to entitle himself
to a large share in the common and in the
selfish grief, if selfish grief there be, over the
ashes of Chicago. I imagine that many mem-
bers of this body and their families, far removed
from Chicago, suffered severely in that fire, and
therefore I shall assume for myself, as for others,
that there can be no feeling antagonistic to
going to the verge of legislative judgment and
discretion in favor of a measure like this. I
have this to say, however: this measure, with
or without the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Michigan, either by going too far
or by stopping short, must be essentially want-
ing in anything like complete justice.
Those who have suffered by the Chicago fire
are to be relieved; such is the promise of this
bill. Who suffered by the Chicago fire ? Does
the honorable Senator from Illinois know that
the residents of the city of New York alone
lost more than thirty millions by the Chicago
fire? Forty million dollars will not compen-
sate for that loss visited upon the people of
the city of New York in forty-eight hours.
Men, women, and children, the representa-
tives of the estates of dead men, descended in
or.e night from affluence to want in the city of
New York. In the city of Providence between
two and three million dollars were changed to
ashes between sun and sun. In nearly every
city of the State which honors me with a seat
here great losses fell upon the people. And,
Mr. President, with a generosity, with a hu-
manity that cannot be extolled too much, and
to which the honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] gave graceful recognition,
men, women, and children sprang forward with
abound, and with a liberality and with a lavish
heartiness and good disposition contributed
freely, but not too freely, of their worldly
stores for the relief of those in the immediate
vicinity of this great calamity.
Now, Mr. President, see the effect of this
measure. It is to give to the sufferers at Chi-
cago a certain sum of money, because in the
end, of course, it is all to be weighed in golden
scales. It is so much in amount expressed by
dollars; and that sum is to be gathered again
by taxation laid on the people of the country,
as well upon the sufferers who lost $40,000,000
in a single city in my own State, and upon
those who contributed in addition, as upon
all the rest and residue of the people of the
United States. Here is a very great defect in
this legislation. I am not complaining of it,
because I cannot suggest to the honorable
Senator the way to cure it. I only point out to
him that when he has exhausted his ingenuity,
and the Senator from Michigan and the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin have done the like, there
still will be a great want of rotundity and
symmetry and fullness in the measure of justice
to be meted out.
But again, Mr. President, everybody in Chi-
cago whose property was burned is to share and
share alike in proportion inthe benefits of this
bill. The man whose ground was leased and who
had his ground-rent, and by the occurrence of
the fire has had his land restored to him at once,
and derived from it a profit, is like all others'
to share in the benefits of the bill. The man
whose houses were insured in solvent insurance
companies, insurance companies which paid
one hundred cents in the dollar and had not
a farthing of assets left; the man whose prop-
erty was insured in companies in which my
constituents had their estates vested, who have
been reduced to poverty by the loss, the loss
having been paid; he, just as much as the un-
insured proprietor, is to profit by this bill. I
think no Senator can doubt the great inequality
of sowing with a broad and unsteady hand the
benefits to fall as well where they are needed
as where they are not.
For these reasons, and such reasons, with
which I will not detain the Senate—although
I have made but a very small part of the sug-
gestions of this kind applicable to the subject—
I concur entirely with a remark made, I think,
by the Senator from Wisconsin, that far better
than this bill in itself and as a precedent would
be such a bill as was offered in the case of
Venezuela, as was offered by a Senator then
from Maryland in the caso of Portland—a bill
grounded upon its true foundation, national
charity, that plenary right which Congress has
exercised sometimes, to bestow , wherever the
need is shown to be urgent enough, such a
measure of the public money as in the judg-
ment of the two Houses of Congress seems to
be right.
Sir, I do not see as clearly as some Senators
see the way in which the bill before us is to be
piloted through the provisions and obstacles
of the Constitution. I do not see in it a case
like remitting the duties on a chime of bells
for a cathedral in Indiana, which legislation
preceded, I think, something like two months
an adverse report from the Committee on Fi-
