1872..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23S1
amount to little or nothing; but I affirm, as
the result of much reflection, thai, the evil com-
plained of is so deep, so wide, so high that
some brave Congress must meet it, mast grap-
ple with it, must overcome it, if we propose
to continue a worthy and noble nation. Of
this I have no more doubt than I have that the
sun is circling in the heavens above us to-day.
A Member. We are revolving about the
sun.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We do not
speak in the language of astronomy, but in the
language of every-day life. If gentlemen will
consult their almanacs they will find my justi-
fication for this language. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, without referring to
any special theory of civil service, I ask whether
this committee is prepared to say now to the
President, to the Senate, and to the country that
we do not propose to make any attempt what-
ever in the direction of civil service reform ;
that we do not propose to expend a dollar, nor
make the least effort for that purpose; that
we propose definitely and now to put an end
to the attempt, and to say that the old mad
whirl of office brokerage, of coining the entire
patronage ol the United States into mere polit-
ical lucre, shajl hereafter be the order of the
day, and that nothing shall be done to ennoble
our public service; that no shield shall be
interposed; that the President of the United
States, the head of the Administration, the head
of his party and the chief of the nation, shall
be told now to stop all efforts to better the
state of things, and let the wild dance go on in
the old way. I will not believe that such is
the deliberate purpose of this House——
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts obtained
tlie floor.
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio if $50,000 is as much as is
asked for this purpose?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desite
to ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] why he should insist upon making an
argument upon this amendment, when the
Committee of the Whole bad given unanimous
consent to the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to non-concur in the
amendment of the Senate? Let me here give
a word or tw  of history as well as the gentle-
man from Ohio. A former Congress, for pretty
much the same reason that they voted to abol-
ish the franking privilege, in order to throw a
burden upon the President and the Adminis-
tration, by a sort of snap judgment put in an
appropriation bill a provision about civil ser-
vice.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I will say that I did not
understand that any vote had been taken upon
this amendment of the Senate. I rose to de-
bate it, and to ask the Committee of the Whole
to concur in this amendment of the Senate.
And permit me to say that it is 110funeral, un-
less the gentleman makes a funeral of it by
first furnishing a corpse.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well; I will begin upon the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, [Laughter.]
Now, then, what did that, gentleman say? He
said that then many of these plans were futile,
visionary, theoretical, and that cannot be, in
his judgment, carried into practical operation.
And yet he asks us to appropriate $50,000
of the people's money to carry out visionary,
futile, theoretical, useless plans, devised by
newspaper editors and nobody else of whom I
ever heard.
Mr. SARGENT. And no other plan has
been presented.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And no
other plan has yet been presented. Now, I
will finish what I have to say about civil ser-
vice reform by stating to this Committee of the
Whole what occurred to me last night, and
which will illustrate the whole subject fully. I
was sitting in my office when, in the midst of
the storm, my bell rang, and a man came in
leaning on two crutches. I recognized him as
a gallant officer of the Army of the James, of
the tenth Army corps, from the State of Ohio.
His father had died from wounds received in
the service, and his brother, like himself,
came out of the service with but one foot.
I was glad to see him. I saw that he was in
trouble, and said to him, " What is the matter,
sir?" He said, " I want to go to Hampton."
" To Hampton ? " " Yes, to the asylum there
for disabled soldiers." "Why,'" said I, "do
you want to go to the asylum for disabled sol-
diers at Hampton?" He replied, "I have
been discharged from my office of clerk, and
1 must go there or starve; I have no other
alternaiive. I wish you would yive me an
order to go there." Now, as one of the board
of managers I had authority to admit him as
an inmate, but 1 inaugurated a little civil ser-
vice code of my own. I sent the crippled
officer to Hampton to be a clerk there at the
highest rate of salary we are allowed to pay by
our regulations and by the laws.
Now, who passed highest under this civil
service reform in the examination the other
day in the Post Office Department? A rebel
surgeon. Who passes highest to day in all
the examinations? The young men who re-
mained at home in their colleges and schools,
and there learned their lessons and became
writers for newspapers afterward, while their
brothers were fighting the battles of the country.
Who will pass the worst examination, the man
who stands upon one leg, with perhaps one
arm a little palsied by reason of wounds, or the
man who can write German text, because he
was attending school while his neighbor was in
the field ?
What is this civil service reform intended to
reach ? It will do no harm in my district if
it is based upon educational acquirement,
because, thank God, I represent one of the
districts of the country where there are as
many men and women educated, and highly
educated, as any district m the United States.
But how would that operate in the South, torn
as it has been by the war, and where both
white and black have been prevented from
obtaining an education, and who would be
shut out from any participation in the service
of the Government by a system of reform
founded merely upon educational qualifica-
tions? What the civil service reform moans
is a Government aristocracy of officials who
are to be perpetuated in office, from which
shall be excluded the men most deserving of
consideration from the Government they have
served in its hour of need.
[Here the hammer fell ]
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend the Sen-
ate amendment by striking out the last word ;
and I do this because 1 desire as much as pos-
sible of the amendment to remain. The elo-
quent gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has assumed that the $50,000 pro-
posed to be appropriated in this amendment
is to be expended in enforcing such rales of
civil service as have already been suggested.
If that were so, I should, I think, agree with
him. But as I understand, this §50,000 is
applicable to the improvement of the civil
service, and I think that if §50,000 can aid
somewhat in that direction it will be money
well expended.
Theie is need of reform in our civil service.
When, as a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, I visited with my colleagues on
that committee New York, Boston, Philadel- i
phia, San Francisco, and other ports, and had I
occasion to look into the civil service as we I
found it represented in the custom-houses, we
were all led to believe that there were great
delects by which the service was demoralized
and the Government largely defrauded of its
revenues, sometimes from ignorance and some-
times by that craft which mere educational
standards applied by a civil service board could
not remedy.
I understand that in the Post Office Depart-
ment there is in the branch having charge of
the postal route business a sort of civil service
system which tests the knowledge of the appli-
cant for agent as to the geography of the route
he has to go over, the distributing points, the
post routes, the general connections of rail-
road, stage, and water tra/el. Such a system
of civil service would not exclude a war worn
soldier or officer, such as the gentleman from
Massachusetts has alluded to.
Mr. Chairman, I can conceive no reason
why a member of Congress should decide who
shall or who shall not be employed in the
worshops of the Government. I can see no
reason wby a member of Congress, happen-
ing to represent a district in which there is a
navy-yard, should be called upon to dictate to
the naval constructor, the master builder, or
the master blacksmith whom he must employ
and whom he must not employ.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is there
anything about that in the plan of civil service
reform ?
Mr. KELLEY. There is in the current
political usages of the day a great deal about
it; and there ought to be in our civil service
that which would effectually exclude such inter-
ference. Representing a city in which there
is a navy-yard, I know what the usages are
there; and when on my travels with the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, 1 had an oppor-
tunity to inquire what they are elsewhere.
I say that the men in charge of the different
branches of business carried on by the Gov-
ernment, who are or ought to be selected for
their capacity, their fitness for the places they
fill, are a great deal better able to select proper
workmen than I am, sitting at my desk herein
Washington for six months in the year.
In speaking of this matter I but state what
is within the experience of gentlemen on this
floor. I hope tnat the appropriation adopted
by the Senate will be concurred in by this
House, that it may be wisely expended, not in
enfoicing any absurd rules, but in drawing
from experience rules which, while they shall
correct and purify the service, shall be con-
sistent with our institutions and the condition
of our people.
message 1'rom the senate.
The Committee of the Whole rose inform-
ally; and the Speaker having resumed the
chair, a message from the Senate, by Mr.
SYMl'sokt, one of its clerks, announced that
the Senate had passed bills of the following
titles, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested :
An act (S. No. 546) relative to homestead
settlers burned out in the States of Minnesota,
Wisconsin, and Michigan ; and
An act (S. No. 94(i) to remove the charge
of desertion against Harry B. Cloud from the
records and give him an honorable discharge.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session, and again
proceeded to consider the bill (H. 11. No.
1000) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year endiug June 30,
1873, and for other purposes.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of the Senate to insert in the bill the
following:
To enable the President of the United States to
perfect and put in force such rules regulating tho
civil service as may from time to tune be adopted
by him, ^50.000.
Mr. W1LLARD. Mr. Chairman, it seems
to me that this is a tolerably simple ques.ion,
and one which can perhaps be separated to
some extent from the declamation we have
had in respcct to it from the gentleman from
