1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Stevenson.
Senate.
Why is it, Mr. Speaker, that we have no
claims against other nations for violation of
their neutral obligations ? France, Germany,
Spain, Russia, Turkey, Brazil, and numerous
other countries could have done us serious
injury during our rebellion if they chose to
follow the example of England, and yet we
have no claims against any of them, either
for direct or indirect damages. We have no
reason to accuse them of bad faith, of treach-
ery, of hostile acts ; and why ? Because they
bad no motive for seeking our ruin as a great
commercial nation, and no object to gain by
the destruction of our Republic ; and hence
they found no difficulty in observing their
neutral obligations. Their citizens did not
invest their money in southern cotton bonds
to aid in carrying on the war against us, and
then dishonestly endeavor to get them paid for
by the mixed commission in this city, and
that, too, in face of the protest of the United
States that the claim was not admissible under
the treaty. Did England withdraw the claims
upon receiving the answer of our Govern-
ment? By no means; but refused to answer
tis, and ordered its attorney to present the
claim, which he did, and they were disallowed.
It may be that when the treaty was made
England intended to play a trick upon us by
presenting these claims for payment as an
offset to our consequential damages and that
finding she could not recover, repudiated the
consequential claims in the treaty. The pre-
tense that our national losses, extending over
four years, should be considered as an offset
against the damage done in one week by the
Fenian invasion of Canada in 1866 is the
merest nonsense, and no men living know
that better than British officials, who are well
aware that in 1866 the fate of their Canadian
provinces depended upon the will of the Uni-
ted Slates Executive, and the British press and
British statesmen were loud- in their praise of
the action of President Johnson and Secretary
of State Seward for the manner in which
they suppressed that movement.
No nation in the world enforced its neutral-
ity laws with more strictness or severity than
the United States the moment an overt act was
committed or any evidence given that the in-
vasion of Canada was really intended. Pre-
vious to the invasion the arms and ammunition
belonging to the Fenians were seized at differ-
ent. points near the border. United States
soldiers, with Generals Meade and Barry in
command, were ordered to the frontiers to
arrest suspected parties and to prevent artned
men from crossing. General Meade had Uni-
ted States troops drawn up in line at Malone
with loaded muskets, with the intention, as
he publicly declared, of firing upon a body of
men who were about to invade Canada. Lhe
telegraph offices were secured at Cleveland,
Buffalo, Malone, and other points, and all
dispatches, in cipher and otherwise, between
the Fenians were seized. Men without weapons
of any kind, but who were suspected of being
Fenians, were seized and imprisoned or sent
back on returning trains. The United States
general reported that he stopped forty thou-
sand men in one week between Cleveland and
St Albans, and even the bread required to
feed a number of hungry men at Malone was
■seized by order of United States officers. At
Cleveland, Ohio, a steamer was secretly filled
with armed men in the night, with the inten-
tion of crossing the lake in the dawn of the
morning, and landing her men in Canada, but
when morning cauie a United States revenue-
cutter was discovered with her guns directed ou
the steamer, and wit h positive orders, as the offi
cial records will show, from Secretary Seward
"tosink thesteamer if she attempted to sail.''
The chief officers of the Fenian organization
were arrested and imprisoned in New York, St,
Albans, Malone, Buffalo, Cleveland, Chicago,
and St. Louis, and placed under heavy bonds
when released. It is impossible to describe
minutely the extreme and effective efforts of
the United States Government to suppress the
invasion, and to enforce the neutrality laws.
So far did they go in this direction that even
the constitutional rights of American citizens
were violated and disregarded.
Contrastthis with England's enforcementof
neutrality, and the character, the animus, and
the acts of England will appear in- their true
light; her motives, the very basis of our com-
plaints against her, will be obvious, for it was her
motives which, in fact, amounted to a con-
spiracy against the life of the Republic, that
transformed her sham neutrality into real acts
of war. Had the United States adopted Eng-
land's neutral policy for one month during
the invasion of 1866, Canada would not be to-
day a colonial dependence of Great Britain.
Mr. Speaker, I have treated this subject at
considerable length, and have taken great
pains to lay all the essential facts within my
reach before the American people. 1 chal-
lenge impartial criticism, and defy any one to
point, to a statement I have made, the truth
of which is not capable of the amplest proof.
I entered upon the subject with very grave
doubts of my own capacity to do it justice, and
to fully present within the limits of a speech
the true character and deeds of that nation
from whence all our woes aud troubles in the
past have sprung, and from which we have
nothing to expect in the future but the most
unrelenting hostility.
In all this I have been animated by a sincere
attachment for the country of my adoption,
and a high sense of duty as a citizen of the
Republic, the greatest, the freest, and the
most tolerant nation ou earth. 1 revere it for
what it has been to the oppressed of other
lands; I honor it for what it is to-day in its
wealth, power, justice, and freedom; I look
with hope to the future, when in a ripe age the
promise of its youth will be realized. And
future generations will behold this vast conti-
nent, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and lrom
the Gulf of Mexico to the Frozen ocean, inhab-
ited by hundreds of millions of freemen, dwell-
ing in peace, union, and fraternity, beneath
the flag of the Republic, one and indivisible.
And yet it is not without some misgiving
that I contemplate the future, knowing as 1
do the dangerous character of the British na-
tion, aud the various means by which she ex-
tends her influence. Her press, her pulpit, her
capital, and her pampered favorites, who devour
the substance of the poor and the oppressed,
are so many weapons with which she fights
her battles aud gains her ends. Americans
have more to fear from these than from her
arms, because they are too often used to de-
bauch the very fountains of onr liberties, which
spring from a pure love of true republican
principles in the hearts of the people; they
inspire the wealthy with a love of aristocracy
and a contempt for those who toil ; they illus-
trate liberty as license for the rich, and the
mailed hand for the poor; they teach that
dishonesty is the true road to honor, and injus-
tice the corner-stone of a nation, and that
impudent hypocrisy triumphs where honest
merit fails.
When any considerable number of the
American people become imbued with the
pernicious doctrines upon which Great Britain
has risen to empire, that moment the seeds
.are sown which will bring wretchedness to
the people and death to the Republic, and
I would implore the people of America, by
every hope of the future, and by every mem-
ory of the past, by the remembrance of the
martyrs of 1776, who fell in defense of lib-
erty bsoeath the sword of British mercenaries,
or the tomahawk of their savhge allies; by .the
patriot blood ot' 1812 and 1814, and by the
memory of her treacherous hostility in the
late civil war, and the blood which she was
instrumental ill shedding, I conjure them hs
they love their country and their liberties, as
they hope to bequeath to future generations
the blessings, the privileges, the civil and re-
ligious freedom of to-day, to trust England in
nothing but her enmity, to combat her influ-
ence as they would a pestilence, and to fear
her friendship as they would death.
Extension of Ku Klux Act.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. STEVENSON,
op kentucky,
In the Senate of the United States,
May 21, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No. 656) to extend the provisions of the fourth
section of tho act approved April 20,1871—
Mr. STEVENSON said:
Mr. President : I do not know that any
human utterance could arrest the passage of
this bill, still less am I persuaded that any
words of mine can sucessl'ully stay the behest
of that "party caucus which, rumor tells us,
demands its success. I would not detain the
Senate, tired and weary as we all ire by a
continuous session of sixteen hours, did not a
stern sense of duty demand on behalf of my
constituency an earnest protest against a
measure as dangerous as it is unwise; one
which I solemnly believe to be in direct viola-
tion of the Constitution of the United States.
What do you propose 1 To continue to in-
vest the President of the United States with
the absolute power of a dictator by empower-
ing him to suspend the privileges of the writ
of habeas corpus when in his judgment the
public safety demands it. Has Congress the
power under the Constitution to enact this
law? I utterly deny it. Neither the letter or
spirit of that instrument anywhere empowers
Congress to invest any department of this
Government with arbitrary power over the
liberty of the citizen.
The fathers of the Constitution^ assumed
that the habeas corpus, with other inviolable
guarantees, would intrench and protect tbeir
liberties; hence they made it perpetual by an
express prohibition of its suspension, " except
when in cases of invasion and rebellion the
public safety shall require it." Mark well
these words; they are full of the wisdom of
the patriots who used them.
Invasion and rebellion confer upon Congress
no power to suspend the privileges of thisgreat
bulwark of individual freedom;'far, very far
from it. On the contrary, Mr. President, the
constitutional interdiction continues unless the
public safety, upon the occurrence of invasion
or rebellion, becomes seriously imperiled. In
such a contingency Congress alone, and not the
President, by the very terms of the Constitu-
tion, is empowered to act. The framers of that
instrument were too jealous of the encroach-
ments of tyranny to commit so tremendous a
responsibility to the arbitrary discretion of any
single man. The President may call out the
militia to repel invasion or suppress rebellion
when in his judgment the occasion demands it.
He is invested with the power to determine
when such an exigency occurs. Congress can
raise armies when armies are necessary. But
the Constitution always and expressly forbids
force so long as the civil agencies of the Gov-
ernment can administer law and fully enforee
the prescribed penalties for its violation. It is
only when the unlawful combination becomes
so formidable as to abolish courts, silence
judges, imprison shetiffs, that the Preside tit.
