1872.
THE COTOKESSKMAL GLOBE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I simply want to offer a
bill when it is in order.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of William
L. Utley, praying to be relieved from the pay-
ment of a judgment, reported a bill (S. No.
1090) for the relief of William L. Utley ; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2398) granting a pension to Martha G.
Rudolph, reported it adversely, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2399) grant-
ing a pension to Ada H. McDonald, reported
it adversely, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2400) grant-
ing.a pension to William B. Taylor, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2401) grant-
ing a pension to Margaret Coldwell, have di-
rected me to report it without amendment,
and recommend its passage. I do not make a
formal written report in this case, as there is
a written report ot' the House committee which
states the facts fully.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
SARAH ll'ENANYr
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
847) granting a pension to Sarah McEnauy,
have directed me to report the same back to
the Senate with the recommendation that the
amendments of the House be concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the amendments of the House of
Representatives will be acted on now.
The Chief Clerk read tlie amendments of
the House of Representatives, striking out
" Enany" and inserting "Nana;" also, to
strike out "eleven" and insert "first;" strike
out " Maine"' and insert " Vermont artillery ;"
so as to read:
That tlie Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place upon the
Tension-roll, subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, the name of Sarah
MeN ana, widow ot James Ale Nana, late a private in
company 0, first regiment Vermont artillery volun-
teers, and the names ot theirchitdren under sixteen
years ot aso, and pay them a pension from the pas-
sago of this act.
And to amend the title so as to read "An
act granting a pension to Sarah McNana."
The amendments were concured in.
mauy ann montgomery.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
955) granting a pension to Mary Ann Mont-
gomery, widow of William W. Montgomery,
late a private in Texas volunteers, have in-
structed me to report the same back to the
Senate with the recommendation that the
amendments of the House of Representatives
be concurred in.
The amendments were read, being to strike
out the word "private" wherever it occurs in
the bill, and to insert, the word "captain;"
and also to amend the title by striking out the
word "private" and inserting "captain."
The amendments were concurred in.
BUSINESS Of NAVAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs has been reasonably in-
dustrious this session ; and having a curiosity
to knoWjflfeow I should feel if a single bill
reported from that committee should pass this
body, I ask the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate that next Monday evening be given to the
consideration of business from the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire asks unanimous consent that
Monday evening, commencing at half past
seven o'clock, be assigned for the consider-
ation of reports from the Committee oil Naval
Affairs, the unfinished business of the after-
noon to be the unfinished business of the next
day. Is_ there objection to that proposition?
The Chair hears none, and it is so ordered.
bills introduced.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1091)
to aid in the construction of the Nevada Cen-
tral railroad,in the State of Nevada; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No_. 1092) for the relief of Agnes Ellen Iileiss;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1093) for the relief of Lizzie M. Mitchell ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BLAIR. Is the morning business
through?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has not yet concluded.- The Senator
can ask unanimous consent to take up any bill.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1094) restoring the pension of Frances C. El-
liott, widow of Commodore Jesse D. Elliott,
deceased; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1095) for the relief of Samuel Black and
Albert R. Cooper; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WPiTGHT (by request, as he stated)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 109G) for the
relief of Joseph Nock; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. WINDOM, (by request, as he stated)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1097) to
authorize the issue of patents to lands in any
State or Territory in certain cases ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
island of yerba boena.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are now in order. If there are no Sen-
ate resolutions, the morning business is con-
cluded.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] first
addressed the Chair.
Mr. STEWART. I simply want to ask the
second reading of House bill No. 1553, relat-
ing to the Central Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. CASSERLY. I asked the Senate
awhile ago to permit me to call up a resolu-
tion of inquiry relative to certain railroads.
I understood it was deferred until after the
morning business was concluded. I ask to
have that resolution taken up now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can now be
taken up, pending this motion, by unanimous
consent. The Senator from California sees,
as Senators all do, that at the close of the
morning business a number of Senators desire
to call up bills, and the Chair has announced
it each day formally, and then recognizes that
Senator who first addressed him, or at least
whose address he first heard. To-day the Sen-
ator from Nevada, he thinks, addressed him
first after the word "concluded" had fallen
from the lips of the Chair. He is therefore
entitled to the floor and has moved to take up
House bill No. 1553 for its second reading.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let the title of that bill
be read.
Mr. STEWART, Let it be read in fall for
information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is not the
second reading of the bill. The motion is to
proceed to the consideration of the bill for the
purpose of having it read a second time, and
a call is now made to have it read for in-
formation.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill,
but was interrupted by.
Mr. COLE. I do not suppose the Senator
desires the whole bill to be read. I believe it
is to be read a second time by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
colleague, the Chair thought, desired it to be
read in full for information.
Mr. CASSERLY. I expressly asked to
have the bill read by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. .The Chair did
not hear the last words of the sentence. The
motion is to proceed to the consideration of
this bill for the purpose of its being read a,
second time, after winch, under the twenty-
seventh rule, it can be committed or amended.
Mr. COLE. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada has called it up, and the Chair
must recognize the Senator from Nevada as
occupying the floor for the motion which he
supposes is to follow the parliamentary motion
to take it up.
Mr. COL15. Has the bill been now read a
second time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not.
Mr. Sl'EVVART. Let it be read a second
time by its title.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask a question
of the Chair? Am I right in supposing that
no motion is in order until the bill is read a
second time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule is
positive on that subject.
Mr.CONlvLING. So I supposed ; and until
it is read a second time the Senator from Cali-
fornia cannot submit a motion to refer.
Mr. COLE. I supposed it was read a first
time the other day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was, and it is
being read for information solely now. If
there be no objection it will be regarded as
read the second time.
Mr. STEWART. Now I move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road .
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the bill
read in full.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that he
so understood him before, and requested the
Secretary to have it read in full, when the
Senator rose and stated to the Chair that he
said he only wished it read by its title. The
Chair may have misunderstood him, but he
desired to have his views carried out.
Mr. CASSERLY. My language in the first
place was to have the bill read by its title.
Then the Senator from Nevada asked to have
it read in full. Subsequently, the Senator from
Nevada withdrew that demand. Now I renew
the demand which the Senator from Nevada
made for the reading of the bill in full.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that, the Senator now demands that
on the second reading the bill be read in full.
Is that the desire of the Senator?
Mr. CASSERLY. I renew the demand
made by the Senator from Nevada, to have the
hill read in full for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appeared
to be no objection to its being read a second
time, after which the question of reference
could be taken up and .voted upon, and the
