560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
stated before. The application for a post-
ponement before was in order that the places
which have been visited'by the calamity in
Michigan might be included in the bill. I do
not see in that any good reason, because, it, is
perfectly competent for the Senate, after we
have passed this law, (and I shall vote for it,)
to relieve Wisconsin and to relieve Michigan.
If the Senator from Michigan desires that the
lumber interests which may be affected by the
peculiar form of this bill should have an oppor-
tunity of being heard before a committee, it
affords, I think, some good ground for post-
ponement.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is precisely what
I desire.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator from
New Jersey allow me to interrupt him for a
moment?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. The second section
of this bill provides—
That there shall be allowed and paid, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, on all materials imported, to bo and
actually used in buildings erected on the ground
burned over by said fire, a drawback of the import
duties paid on the sume : Provided, That said mate-
rials shall have been imported and used during the
term of one year from and after the passage of this
act.
New, suppose this bill passes applying to
t,hc towns named in Michigan and Wisconsin,
before a drawback can be rgceived and got
from the Treasury proof must be furnished to
the Secretary, under regulations prescribed by
him, that this material has gone into buildings
on the burned district in that country. What
possible danger is there in saying that if this
case is within the principle of the Chicago
fire? If the Senator doubts that there has
been any fire in Wisconsin, then I can under-
stand why he would not include these towns;
but when he admits, as he does," that a con-
flagration has swept that whole country, what
is the objection to saying, as this bill does,
that if a man can satisfy the Secretary of the
Treasury that he has suffered by that fire and
has rebuilt his house by imported material, he
shall have the benefit of the drawback?
Mr. FRELINGHIJ YSEN. The argument
of the Senator from Wisconsin would amount
to this: that you might as well make the bill
general and apply to the whole United States.
Mr. CARPENTER, Certainly, if the fire
had gone all over the United States the case
would be the same; and the Senator admits
that it has gone over the places we mention
here.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not admit,
for I do not know, that the places specified,
some six or seven in number, by the Senator
from Wisconsin, are places entitled to this
relief.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to recommit.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not rise to detain the
Senate, but merely to say a word. I believe
the Senate is now willing to decide this ques-
tion one way or the other. It is certainly not
necessary to have a little bill like this before
Congress all the session, or any great part of
the session. It, seems to me that the object
.of the Senator from Michigan in proposing a
postponement is not to get, his amendment
adopted. Ho says, as I understand him, that
thereis a committee coming on here from
Michigan that is going to oppose the passage
of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know that they
will oppose it. They may go for modifications
or changes. I do not know what they will pro-
pose.
Mr. LOGAN. It does seem to me that so
far as the general proposition is concerned
the Senate understands it just as well now as
it will after any committee has eome herefrom
Michigan or Chicago or anywhere else. Sev-
eral committees intimated a desire to come
from Chicago to be heard before the Senate
Committee on Finance, but I telegraphed them
not to come, for the committee would under-
stand the matter without their coming here.
I hope the bill will not be postponed for any
such purpose. Although the Senator himself
does not intend to defeat this bill, yet his
action does tend to defeat it. I hope the
Senate will pass this bill or reject it this even-
ing. If they think it is wrong, let them vote
it down. If they think it is right, I hope they
will pass it without recommitting it to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I cannot now
formally present the amendment that I gave
notice I would present; but if the bill is going
;o the committee on the motion to recommit,
I desire to call-the attention of the Senate to
the amendment which I wish to propose, so
that if the matter is to be considered by the
committee this amendment also may come
under their consideration. I propose to amend
section three by inserting after the word
'•Illinois," in line five, the words "and the
second, fourth, fifth, and sixth collection dis-
tricts of the State of Michigan," so as to
apply the relief given by that section to all the
collection districts where the fiie occurred in
Michigan ; and also to amend in the seventh
line of that section by adding after ''Chicago "
the words " and cities and towns in Michigan
aforesaid," so that the provision may apply
to the localities where the fire occurred. As
the basis of taxation is upon property, and
as property was destroyed in Chicago and
equally destroyed in Michigan, the relief
afforded by this section, if applied to Chicago,
should be applicable also to the burnt dis-
tricts of Michigan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan gives notice of an amendment
li'e proposes to offer at, the proper time. The
yeas and nays will be now taken on the motion
to recommit.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 37 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Elair, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Qoldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Norwood, Osborn, and
Sawyer—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Brownlow. Cald-
well, Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett, Davis of West
Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Frelinghuy-
sen, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Kice, Robertson, Schurz, Spencer,
Stevenson, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickers, West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—37.
ABSENT —Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Cooper, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Hamilton of Texas,
Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Scott, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, and Stockton—24.
So the motion to recommit was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 17, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Ferry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Morrill of Maine,
Osborn, Patterson. Sawyer, Scott, and Thurman—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Caldwell, Clayton, Davis of
West Virginia, Fenton, Frelinghuysen.Golclthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
cock, Johnston, Lewis, Logan, Norwood, Nye, Pome-
roy, Rice, Robertson, Schurz, Spencer, Stevenson,
Sumner, Tipton. Trumbull, Vickers, west, Wilson,
Windom, and Wright—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Cooper, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Kellogg. Kelly, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Pool, Pratt, Bamsey, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and Stockton—25,
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Ciiaxdleb] has an amend-
ment still pending,
Mr. CARPENTER. I call for the yeas
and nays on that amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I thought those two
amendments were united, mine and the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin. My col-
league's amendment, I believe, is the only one
that is left.
M.r. CARPENTER. The amendment of
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler]
has not been voted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The last ques-
tion, as the Chair is informed by the Secre-
tary, as he was not in the chair when it was
proposed, was upon the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin to the amendment of
the senior Senator from Michigan, and if the
senior Senator persists in his amendment,
that is the amendment now before the Sen-
ate. The Secretary did not understand him
as accepting the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did accept it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Michigan
on the left [Mr. Ferry] will be regarded as
pending.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The third sec-
tion of this bill proposes to authorize the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue "to suspend
the collection of such taxes as may have beet
assessed or as may have accrued prior to ths
9th of October, 1871, in the first collection
district of the State of Illinois against any per-
son residing or doing business and owning
property in that portion of the city of Chicago
recently destroyed by fire." I propose to
amend by including the second, fourth, fifth,
and sixth collection districts of Michigan,
four collection districts out of six in the State
wherein fires occurred. If this be a correct
basis of action in the city of Chicago, it strikes
me that we have a parallel case in Michigan.
I send the amendment to the Chair.
Mr. CHANDLER. I misunderstood the
Senator from Wisconsin. It seems that his
amendment included quite a number of towns
which I did not accept, and I should like to
have a vote on my amendment.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Then I move
mine as an amendment to the amendment of
my colleague.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment of the senior Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Chandler] will be regarded as pending,
which is to add to the amendment reported by
the Finance Committee a proviso "that the
provisions of this act shall extend to Holland
and Manistee in the State of Michigan."
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I withdraw my
amendment temporarily, as it is upon an en-
tirely different section, until the vote is taken
upon the amendment of my colleague.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan, applying the provisions of this act
to the towns of Holland and Manistee in the
State of Michigan.
Mr. CARPENTER. On that amendment
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. It seems to me that, the
action of the Senate in voting down the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin places
the friends of this bill in a very awkward posi-
tion. I can conceive of no possible ground
upon which this bill can pass that is not equally
applicable to and does not equally support the
amendment offered by the Senator from Wis-
consin. It is putting the Senate in a very
ungracious position to make a distinction be-
tween sufferers in Wisconsin and Michigan and
those in Illinois and saying we will do for one
what we will not do for the other. [ voted
against recommitting this bill to the Committee
on Finance, but if these amendments, which
stand precisely upon the ground of the original
bill, which are equally meritorious, are to be
voted down, I for one am willing to refer the
bill back to the Committee on Finance that
they may hear whatever may be said by any
sufferers and report a bill accordingly.
