4144
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
I think, without intending it, it has been guilty
of leading the country to believe that it has
intended a discourtesy. Of course the country
must be mistaken; of course the Senate is
mistaken.
" The VICE PBESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Vermont that the
word which fell upon his ear and which struck
him was the word "insult'1 applied to the
other House; and as soon as the sentence was
concluded he rose simultaneously with the
Senator from California to intimate, without
making any point of order, that that might
cause ill feeling in the other House, under the
rule on page 232 of the Manual:
"Therefore it is the duty of the House, and more
particularly of the Speaker, tointeriere immediately,
and not to permit expressions to go unnoticed which
uaby give a ground ot complaint to the other House,
and introduce proceedings and mutual accusations
between tbe two Houses which can hardly be termi-
nated without difficulty and disorder."
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair is quite right.
The use that I made of the word "insulting"
was-as applied to its effect upon the Senate.
I did not intend, and I think the literal state-
ment of the reporter's notes will show that, I
did not use the word " insult" as applied to
the House or any act of the House as intended
by them, but as to its effect on us. But even
that, perhaps, was too far; 1 did not mean to
go beyond propriety.
The-VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont withdraws the words, which is
all that is ever required under such circum-
8t&nG6S
Mr. EDMUNDS. But I do say that as it
respects the Senate the treatment that this
question has received lias not been one calcu-
lated to produce in our minds the most pleas-
ant impressions, quite the reverse of it, and
every Senator who hears me knows that just
as well as I do j but perhaps that is a by-gone
thing.
We come now to the situation of the public
business. We find that measures of great
importance that we have sent out of this
Chamber long ago are not heard from—I have
a right to say that, i take it—measures affect
ing the rights and liberties of the people of
this couutry in a large degree in the estima-
tion of all sides of this Chamber. The minority
think that most of them affect the rights and
liberties of the country in an injurious respect;
those of us who voted for them believe they
affect the rights and liberties of the people of
the country in a beneficial aspect, in a vital
aspect. Now, sir, we have not heard from
those measures. What is the matter? Where-
fore, therefore, should we postpone only for
twenty-four hours the time of final adjourn-
ment? Is there anything that we know either
in the Globe or out of it which leads any of us
to suppose that within that time those meas-
ures are to be returned to us either approved
or disapproved? No, sir, there is not.
I am not talking for the purpose of consum-
ing time. I am only appealing to the good
sense and patriotism of the Senate. I Say let
us send to the House of Representatives a total
rescission of this resolution of adjournment
and thus put it out of the power of anybody
anywhere by resort to unfair tactics (if such a
thing were possible, as of course it is not) to
prevent the fair expression of the legislative
will upon measures ot public importance.
Mr, WINDOM. Is an amendment to the
substitute in order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend, then, by
inserting " Monday, the 10th day of June."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota moves to amend the substi-
tute by striking out "Tuesday at five o'clock
p. m:," and inserting " Monday, the 10th of
June, at noon."
Mf. WINDOM. I make that motion for
the'reason that I think it is apparent" to every
meaib'er of the Senate that we shall not get
through on Tuesday. We have tirade two or
three postponements already. If we adopt
Monday week as the day of adjournment, we
can conclude the business betore Congress;
and I am in favor of doing it at once without
half a dozen resolutions for an extension of
the time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the ex-
cited speech of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds,] in which-he seeks to attribute
to the House of Representatives blame, which
if it belongs anywhere belongs to himself and
his associates in this body, I think should not
pass unnoticed.
It is well known that he and those acting
with him forced through this Senate in hot
haste early in the session, before any bill
whatever of any importance had passed, be-
fore any public measure, any appropriation
bill had been acted on, a resolution to adjourn
Congress on a certain day. Now, how con-
sistent it is for the Senator from Vermont to
rise on the 1st day of June, and when nearly'
every appropriation bill has passed and nearly
all public measures of importance, and say, '* It
is known to the country that two or three meas-
ures that passed this body we have not heard
from, and I will agree to no day of adjourn-
ment until we hear from them!" Why, where
was the Senator from Vermont in January last
when he had not heard from a single bill, that
he was ready to fix the day of adjournment on
a certain day, tbe 29th of May? And now on
the 1st of June he will agree to uo day till
the House of Representatives gives him some
notice as to two or three measures. All
measures could have the go-by then.
He complained of the action of the House.
I believe he has withdrawn the offensive terms
which he applied to the House; but if the
Senatoi is hunting after filibustering, let me
say to' him that if he had been here the night
betore last and remained through the night
until three o'clock in the morning, as some
of us did, and had heard the Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] he would have
known who it was that was filibustering and
trying to prevent the public business from
being done. He could have learned from him
that motions were being made by his asso-
ciates here and those who act with him, first
one motion ati'd then another, offering an
amendment which had been once voted down
time and again, in a little different shape, call-
ing the yeas and nays upon every question,
until one of his fastest friends, the Senator
fiom Nevada, rose and rebuked this aciion in
the Senate. If the Senator from Vermont had
been here he would have heard all that.
But what has aroused the ire and led to this
excited speech of the Senator from Vermont?
He complains that the two Houses of Congress
have agreed to adjourn on Monday next.
Well, did not the Senate agree to it? A mo-
tion was made when the proposition of the
House came here to adjourn on Monday, sim-
ilar to lhe one the Senator from Vermont
makes now, and the Senate voted it down.
An effort was then made nut to agree to
adjourn on Monday; but the Senate thought
propel to agree to adjourn on Monday. Now
it turns out that some members of the body,
and probably correctly, think that we shall
not be able to get through with the public
business on Monday; and the House of Rep-
resentatives, seeing the condition of the public
business,.sends us a resolution postponing the
time of adjournment till Tuesday at fiv^
o'clock. It seems to me that so far from
being discourteous or disrespectful, it'isin the
highest degree a proper resolution to have
sent.
But the Senator wants to control this ques-
tion of adjournment; he wants to send back
to the House a resolution to compel them to
rescind absolutely the day of adjournment.
Nothing else will satisfy him. What right
have you to force that on the House? What
right has the Senate to say to the House,
" You shall agree to rescind absolutely the reso-
lution of adjournment?" The House has as
many rights as the Senate on this subject, und
I think the House acted with proper respect
in pursuing the course it did in regard to the
resolution for adjournment on the 29th of
May. Has the Senator from Vermont for-
gotten what occurred in the Senate at that
time? A resolution was offered here to recall
the resolution of adjournment which he and his
friends had forced through this body four
months ago, and for what purpose ? The Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] avowed the
purpose, in order that the Senate might con-
trol the time of adjournment; and the House
very properly, when the resolution was sent
to them to recall a resolution which had been
passed four months before, concurred in the
original resolution and sent it here ; and then
discovering that the public business could not
be finished at that time, they sent us another
resolution to adjourn on the 3d of June, and in
that resolution the Senate, after discussion,
concurred. The Senator talks about this being
a' discourtesy, a thing that never was done
before. I say to him that he cannot find in
the history of this Govornment an instance
where a proposition that had passed one body
four months before was recalled in this way.
There is where the unusual action of the two
bodies comes in.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to say in all
kindness to the Senator from Vermon t and to
the Senate that I am in favor of adjourning
Congress at an early day ; but I am willing to
stay here until we can have time to transact
the public business. If I could have my way,
I would" not go through the physical endurance
that is required to sit here, as we do, night
after night. I would rather continue this ses-
sion as proposed by the Senator from Minne-
sota to the 10th of Jane, or the 20th of June,
and come here at reasonable hours and trans-
act the public business that it is necessary to
do. But I see no occasion for flying into a
passion with the House of Representatives or
seeking to place that House in the wrong for
anything that it has done. I thiuk if blame is
to attach to anybody, it belongs to the action
of the Senate on thisquestion of adjournment.
Now, it seems to me that we have arrived
at a stage of the session when we may with
propriety fix a day for adjournment. One iH
already fixed. It seems to be supposed we
cannot get through by Monday. 1 think we
could perhaps get through by Monday, but
others think not. Let' us, then, if it is thought
best, change this day, extend it even for a
week. I apprehend no one supposes there
will be an^ difficulty in closing such business
as .he two Houses desire to act upon by Mon-
day, the 10th. Although that is longer than I
think is necessary, still I have no controversy
in regard to that. My own impression is'tbat
if you fix it for Wednesday next at twelve
o'clock, we could close up tbe business The
Senator who has charge of the appropriation
bills can perhaps tell best about that. If he
thought we could not get through with these
various bills so early as Wednesday, I would
vote for a later day; but I think we can close
the business by twelve o'clock on Wednesday
next, and I shall be glad myself', if we can,
to close the session at that time.
Mr. THURMAN. I really see no necessity
for feeling on this subject. The Senate passed
a resolution and sent it to the House, propos-
ing an adjournment on the 29th of May. Sub- "
sequently the Senate sent a resolution asking
the House to return that resolution. The
House did not see fit to do it, and for a very
plain and obvious reason, and one not at all
disrespectful to the Senate. The House saw
fit to hold the advantage that it would have by
passing that resolution, so that Congress must
adjourn then unless the period were extended
for su<}h time $£ the House should- gee fit«4o
