2352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Massachusetts, [Mr. Botler.] Of course, Mr.
Chairman, any civil service that would drive
a wounded or maimed soldier into a hospital
to be supported at the expense of the country
would very readily meet objection. It would
meet objection in this House, as it ought; it
would meet objection anywhere among those
who stood by the country during the rebellion.
Let me say, Mr. Chairman, that while we
all listened and were touched with the pathos
of the narrative which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] presented to us,
I, for one, failed to see where the civil service
reform was responsible for the condition of
that poor soldier. I suspect, Mr. Chairman,
if we could get to the bottom of that case, we
should find that some village politician, some
man who could run a primary meeting, some
active person in favor with politicians, had
.driven this soldier out of office, and forced
him to go to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts in order to seek from him a refuge at
Hampton.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And such gen-
erally is the fact in reference to all like cases.
Mr. W1LLARD. We find that the soldiers
are the very men who are driven out of office,
who are kept out of office, by this pestilent
doctrine that the spoils belong to the active
politicians. Just so long as the present sys-
tem is continued, just so long as the Treasury
of the United States is made to pay polit-
ical expenses, just so long as men, by running
primary meetings, by activity at elections, by
being active politicians, in view of mem-
bers of Congress or politicians anywhere,
earn the right to put their hands into the
Treasury, just so long the soldiers of the coun-
try will be driven to these refuges, these hospi-
tals; and just so long the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Botler] will have cause
to exercise his benevolent feeling in regard to
these soldiers driven out to make place for
restless, busy politicians.
It is a question here between honest, faith-
ful men and the politicians. That is the ques-
tion ; and I think the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] will not say that the
President of the United States does not think
as much of the soldiers as any gentleman who
served in the Army. The President of the
United States, who stood at the head of our
Army when we conquered the rebellion; who
by unanimous vote of Congress was placed at
the head of onr armies after he had conquered
the rebellion ; who, by reason of his gallant
services as general more than anything else,
was placed at the head of the Republican party,
and who now sits in the executive chair as
head of the nation, and who, I trust,, is to be
supported for reelection by the gentleman
from Massachusetts—this same gentleman who
loves the soldiers as well as the gentleman
from Massachusetts, is asking that Congress
will give him all the strength it can to carry
into effect the civil service regulations. And
yet we are asked to refuse him the paltry
appropriation of $50,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Is another amendment
in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I move to strike
out the last two words.
Mr. Chairman, it will be recollected by
gentlemen who were members of the last Con-
gress that there was a special committee on
the subject of civil service reform. A dis-
tinguished gentleman-from Rhode Island, Mr.
Jenckes, not now a member, who was at the
head of that committee, had the subject of
civil service reform very much at heart, not
only in that, but in the preceding Congress.
He was chairman of the committee, while I
was one of the subordinates. That committee
reported a bill to the House on the subject of
civil servieereform. It, was debated but for a
shortyt'.me, bat long enough to make it evident
that it was not in accordance with the temper
of the House. It was recommitted, and the
committee so far ended its labor on the subject
of civil service reform. On the last day of
the session the Senate added a section to one
of the appropriation bills, to which I call the
attention of the House. It is as follows:
" Sec. 9. That the President, of the United States
be. and he is hereby, authorized to prescribe such
rules and regulations for the admission of persons
in the civil service of the United States as will best
promote the efficiency thereof, and ascertain the
fitness of each candidate in respect to age, health,
character, knowledge, and ability for the branch
of service into which he seeks to en ter; and for this
purpose the President is authorized to employ suit-
able persons to conduct said inquiries, to prescribe
their duties, and to establish regulations for the
conduct of persons who may receive appointments
in the civil service."
Acting under the provisions of that law,
which of course the President would not feel
at liberty to disregard, he appointed a com-
mission, putting upon it gentlemen against,
whom i have not heard a serious objection
urged. One of those gentlemen was a politi-
cal writer of high distinction, who has done
more than any other to inculcate in the pub-
lic mind the impression that there was room
for great reform in the public service. An-
other had been a Senator of the United States.
Another was a gentleman from a southern
State, formerly in a high official position, and
not wholly unaware of what went on in the
operations of the southern confederacy. And
then there were gentlemen experienced in the
affairs of the Departments, who could furnish
practical information as to the workings of the
present system.
That body of gentlemen convened, and I
have reason to believe worked faithfully and
patiently, and honestly endeavored to see the
exact truth, and to act upon it to the extent
of their abilities. They recommended by
report to the President certain measures of
reform in the civil service. Now I submit, in
view of our legislation, in view of the report
of these men to the President of the United
States, he was bound, morally bound, to so far
regard their recommendations as to attempt
honestly and in good faith to put them into
practice, to bring them into actual working
order. This he has done; and I am in favor
of his continuing to test the proposals and
methods of the commission until there shall
be demonstrated to the satisfaction of the
country either their value or their want of
value.
The country has been agitated and excited
on the subject of civil service reform. An
impression has been created that the present
system is very corrupt and objectionable. A
commission appointed under the legislation
of Congress have recommended this method
of reform. Let it be tried. If experience
shows it to be good, let us adopt it; if other-
wise, let us reject it.
I desire to say that I have little faith in the
success of this scheme of reforming the civil
service. I may be right or 1 may be wrong
in that view. But Congress has instructed
the President to enter upon the career of
reforming, or attempting to reform, the civil
service ; and I am for appropriating money to
enable him to carry out the experiment until
everybody shall see that it has been fully and
fairly tried, so as to demonstrate either its
success or its want of success. 1 hope, there-
fore, t he amendment of the Senate will be con -
etirred in.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. COBURN. If this amendment which
is now sought to be passed is of any import-
ance whatever, I think it ought not to be
adopted, for the reason that Congress, the
body representing the people, the legislative
power in the country, is much more capable
of devising a system ot reform in this matter
than is the President of the United States, be
he who he may. Last winter, in a little, short
clause, unworthy of the legislative conception
of a board of county commissioners, unworthy
of the consideration of five men for five min-
utes, we stuck on an appropriation bill, far on
in the night, in great haste,_ without any
chance of debating it, a provision in relation
to this scheme of civil service, intrusting to
the President the power to appoint certain
irresponsible commissioners to dictate to the
forty million people of this country what gen-
tlemen who have addressed the committee
claim to be a great reform. He has done so,
and they have done their work for us and for
all the land.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not the President
endeavoring to execute the trust we com-
mitted to him ?
Mr. COBURN. I will come to that after
awhile. I thiuk that the people of the United
States by their Representatives are capable, if
this subject is worthy of consideration, of
legislating upon it; and therefore I am opposed
to indorsing a scheme of this kind in its present
crude shape. If we are to do anything at all,
let us go to work and get up a well-considered
system in a proper way. Let us carefully
frame proper enactments upon the. subject
after due deliberation and discussion. When
I say this, I express no distrust in the Pres-
ident, and am not criticising anything that has
beendone.
But let us look at the philosophy of this
thing. Where is the necessity for this ? Is it
because there is corruption in the Depart-
ments? Is it because our civil service is
inefficient? What corruption is there that we
are not ready to expose and punish ? What
tardiness or sloth have we failed to denounce
and remove? The great objection at all
points seems to be, not these things, but
that certain men have patronage put into
their hands which is corrupt and corrupting,
and that possibly ward politicians and other
incompetent men, by reason of political in-
fluence, may get into offices which they are
unfit to hold. But I ask members who it is
now that can give the President the best
information in relation to the appointment
of officers? Who ought to know most as to
the good men of his district? Is it the Rep-
resentative who comes here, or somebody
else ? I take it for granted that the men who
are here as Representatives of the people
know very much better than anybody else who
ought to be appointed, and thai in ninety nine
cases out of a hundred they recommend erood,
honest men, and that as good men are put in
office as could under any system*be appointed.
If the President and heads of Departments
must have information, they ought rather to
go to the Representatives than the Senators,
whose duty it is to confirm, and not anticipate
nominations. Why, the interest of the Repre-
sentative is to have good officers, to make good
appointments.
But, sir, I rose mainly to call attention to
what_ I deem a radical measure of reform
in this regard and in this connection ; and it is
this: I would take away from the President
and the Cabinet officers the appointing power
in all possible cases, not because it is corrupt,
not because it is badly managed, but because
there is a power in this country that should
exercise this function, and that is the people
themselves. Let the people elect their post-
masters, and all the Federal officers in a State
who do duty in the State, subject to removal or
suspension by the President. Two years ago
I offered a constitutional amendment to this
effect. I say now that if you will put into the
hands of the people the power to elect their
postmasters and revenue officers, and to elect
their land and pension officers, and all other
officers of the Federal Government doing duty
in the State, a large amount of these complaints
about patronage and corruption will be removed
Who are more capable than the people them-
selves of selecting these local officers who do
duty for the United States in the States? Let
them be subject to removal; let,'them be'sub-
ject to arrest; let them be subject to suspen-
sion by the authorities here, and let them be
