508
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21, ,
Senate.
Extension of Km Mux Act—Mr. Stevenson.
4 2d Cong....2d Sess.
becomes invested with the constitutional power
to call out the military and naval forces to dis-
perse the armed hostility of organized rebel-
lion against the Government. I challenge the
advocates of the pending measure to produce
any evidence conducing to show that any dig-
orders exist at this time which cannot suc-
cessfully be suppressed through the agencies
of the law, supported as they are by military
For what purpose, then, and to what end is
this dangerous precedent of a suspension of
the privileges of this great writ of right to be
continued? The report of the investigating
committee fails utterly to disclose the exist-
ence in the southern States or elsewhere of any
insurrection which threatens the public safety.
Admit, in the broadest terms, if you please,
that secret and unlawful combinations of men
did exist a short time ago in Tenuessee, North
Carolina, South Carolina, and some of the
other southern States, and concede that illegal
and unjustifiable acts of violence and outrage
have been committed bv them ; I am not their
apologist. I seek by no word or intimation to
palliate in the slightest degree their offenses
or screen them from the condign punishment
of violated law. Far from it. I am opposed
to violence everywhere. But I insist that the
evidence accompanying the report clearly es-
tablishes the fact, that through the courts, and
with the military force at his command, the
President possesses already ample power to
suppress these disorders and fully to protect the
lives, liberty, and property of the people where
these irregularities exist without a suspension
of the privileges of habeas corpus, or clothing
that official with the dictatorial power of
declaring martial law. Combinations more
extended and more alarming existed in the
earlier and better days of the American Re-
public than any which threaten us. Let us
recall, then, the wisdom and prudence of our
fathers under dangers far exceeding any which
now confront us.
In 1794 we had a rebellion. That rebellion
existpd in the State of the distinguished Sen-
ator [Mr. Scott] who is the chairman of the
investigating committee that made this report.
It was a combination so powerful as to require
fifteen thousand men and more than a million
dollars for its suppression. George Wash-
ington was then President of the United States,
aiwl had it been suggested to him,-as possibly
it, was, that the writ of habeas corpus should
be suspended and he should be empowered to
declare martial law, he would have doubtless
pointed to that clause in the Constitution of the
United States absolutely forbidding Congress to
delegate to any one so monstrous a power. His
failure to suggest to Congress its absolute sus-
pension of the writ at that time affords per-
suasive proof that in his judgment the emer-
gency did not require it. Our supply of means
and men were far less at that early period
of our national existence than they are now.
We possessed then none of the appliances of
modern warfare which the achievements of
science and art accomplish for us to-day; nor
were we blessed then with railroads and other
facilities of communication by which we are
enabled to transport so rapidly large armies
o distant parts of our extended domain. Were
not the dangers of that rebellion far more fear-
ful than any which are reported to us as exist-
ing now in the South ?
Were the statesmen who composed the Con-
gress of the United States in 1794 less wise
and less patriotic than their successers of
1872? Were they less learned as to the true
intent and meaning of the Constitution ?
What Senator will rise in his place to-day and
gay that the statesmen of that hour were less
vigilant in the maintenance of the public
safety or less mindful of their obligations to
suppress rebellion than any who have suc-
ceeded them? Yet no voice in Congress was
then heard for the suspension of the habeas
corpus, and no effort made to clothe George
Washington with the discretionary right over
the liberty of the humblest citizen by author-
izing him to declare martial law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
from Kentucky a question ? Can he refer me
to that statement of Washington to which he
alludes, that Congress was not authorized to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus in that
instance ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I refer the Senator to
the fact that the proposition to suspend was
never introduced, and no suggestion from the
President was made that the existing rebel-
lion demanded it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But I understood the
Senator from Kentucky to say that George
Washington stated that Congress was not,
under such circumstances, authorized to either
suspend itself, or authorize the suspension of
the writ of habeas eorpus.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator is mis-
taken. What Ieaid was, thatthough the whisky
rebellion of 1794 was very formidable, threat-
ening, as it did, the existence of the American
Republic, George Washington, inadequate as
the laws then were, and illy supplied as he was
with men and munitions of war, suggested no
suspension of the habeas corpus. His patriotism
and wisdom alike forbade him,_ under the plea
of necessity or that of the public safety, to ask
Congress to invest him with discretionary
power over the liberty of any citizen. No,
Mr. President, that illustrious patriot pre-
ferred to strugglo with inadequate means of
resistance and with defective laws, rather than
to usurp power or ask Congress to invest him
with any extraordinary authority forbidden
by the letter and spirit of the Constitution.
When he had suppressed that rebellion, he
then by message suggested the inadequacy of
existing laws to Congress, and in consequence
the existing law of 1795 was passed. Had
President Grant and the Republican party fol-
lowed Washington's wise example, and been
imbued with his reverence for the Constitution,
the writ of habeas corpus would never have
been suspended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I understand the
Senator to mean that there being no statement
in public writing ordocument, that the subject
was brought into consideration, he infers that
Washington thought they had no such power.
Is that all?
Mr. STEVENSON. That is precisely my
inferencee, and I think it both logical and
legitimate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ah ! very well.
Mr. STEVENSON. But I will cite another
instance in our past history, when a formidable
insurrection was organized for the subversion
of the American Union. Mr. Jefferson was
then President of the United States. So
formidable did he regard that conspiracy that
he made its existence and object the subject of
a confidential message upon the 22d of J anuary,
1807. He recommended no suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus, and yet his message
clearly indicates that he believed that the
public peace was seriously endangered, and
that the integrity of the Union was directly
threatened.
Nor did he intimate to Congress a delega-
tion to himself of a discretionary power to
suspend 'the writ like that with_ which it is
proposed by the bill before us to invest Presi-
dent Grant. The Senate of the United States
considered the message and passed a bill sus-
pending the habeas corpus for three months.
That bill was sent to the House of Represent-
atives for their concurrence. They refused to
consider it in secret session. They indignantly
refused that it should be read a second time,
but rejected it upon its first reading, after an
able debate upon the question of their consti-
tutional power to pass it, by an overwhelming
vote of 113 to 19. The House of Represent-
atives then declared that the facts disclosed in
the special message of the President invested .
them with no power by the letter or spirit of
the Constitution to suspend the privileges of
habeas corpus. Among the most earnest and
eloquent opponents of that bill was John W.
Eppes of Virginia, the son-in-law of the Presi-
dent. That fearless guardian of popular rights
has long since passed away, but his argument
against the constitutional power of Congress
to suspend habeas corpus will forever stand as
a proud memorial of his devotion to constitu-
tional truth—a devotion above party, above
family, and which was as patriotic as it was
pure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
a question? To what insurrection does the
honorable Senator from Kentucky refer Y
Mr. STEVENSON. I have already stated
I refer to the message of Mr. Jefferson touch-
ing Burr's rebellion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where the Senate passed
a bill suspending the habeas corpus ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Where the Senate
passed a bill suspending the writ of habeas
corpus.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Absolutely?
Mr. STEVENSON. Absolutely, as the
record states.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And the House of Rep-
resentatives rejected it?
Mr. STEVENSON. On the first reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS- Yes. All that was stated
to the Senate by myself a year ago on the dis-
cussion of this bill as an argument on exactly
the opposite side of the question that the Sen-
ator from Kentucky now produces it.
Mr. STEVENSON. My recollection does
not exactly accord with that of the honorable
Senator touching his former reference to this
transaction in his speech made in the Senate
__ year ago. The Senator referred upon that
occasion to the action of the Senate in 1807,
but not, as I think, to that of the House of
Representatives. A reference to the speech
will, I am persuaded, sustain my present rec-
ollection of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator did not
then refer to the rejection by the House of
Representatives of the Senate bill proposing
in 1807 to suspend the habeas corpus. Such
a reference, had it been made, would have
scarcely served the Senator's purpose of quot-
ing it as a precedent in favor of a constitu-
tional power now claimed to pass such a bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, Mr. President, the
Senator does not now quite understand the
point I then made, although he was here pres-
ent, and that was on the argument which was
then being made on the other side, on the bill
as it then stood, that it was improper for the
Congress of the United States to delegate this
power as it was stated to the President of the
United States; that is, to authorize him to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus when the
public safety in his judgment should require
it. On that point, if the Senator will pardon
me, I stated that the only instance we had
in history before the present rebellion of the
suspension, or attempted suspension, was an
attempt to make an absolute suspension as an
act of legislative will, not depending upon cir-
cumstances which the Executive could judge
of from moment to moment as the emergency
might require, but an absolute suspension by
law of the writ of habeas corpus by the legis-
lative power* I called attention to that instance
as showing that Congress had declined to exer-
cise a power of that kind of its own will, leav-
