1872,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Stevenson.
Senate.
ing 110 discretion in the Executive to judge
from moment to moment what the public
safety did require, and that the House had
rejected such a bill; and I argued from that
that the House and the Senate both were far
from deciding that on that very occasion it
would not have been wise and proper and
lawful to have invested the President with that
authority to exercise it as the public emer-
gencies, as in a case of war, from moment to
moment might require. That was the point.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, the
Senator from Vermont insists that the refusal
of Congress to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus absolutely in 1794 is not at all incon-
sistent with their power to delegate a pros-
pective right of suspension to the President
to be exercised whenever in his judgment the
public exigencies demanded it. That would
depend greatly upon the reason assigned by
Congress for refusing to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus in 1794. These reasons appear
in the debate which atthattime occurred in the
House.
The honorable Senator I doubt not is much
more familiar with that debate than lam. It was
full, concise, andable. Itgave forth no uncertain
sound. 'If the honorable Senator has recently
looked over it he knows that the House of .Rep-
resentatives rejected the Senate bill suspending
habeas corpus on the distinct ground of a want
of constitutional power. The overwhelming
majority resisting the enactment demonstrated
that Congress had no constitutional power of
suspending save where the public safety was
endangered during the occurrence of an in-
vasion or rebellion. Although that majority
were the political friends of the Administration,
they urged that the perils of that occasion did
endanger the public safety, and were not such
as invested them with the constitutional power
to concur with the Senate in suspending the
writ.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What were the facts ?
How did they compare with these?
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senate knows that
they were much more formidable; that the
conspiracy to subvert the Government was bet-
ter organized and far more formidable than any
illegal combination which has ever been since
formed in the South. All these disturbances
in the South have been greatly distorted for
partisan purposes and to uphold party legisla-
tion here. The committee of investigation
have been diligent during their late visit to the
South to collect everything going to show
outrages and violence committed by these
secret illegal combinations. Their report is
the staple for the ensuing presidential can-
vass. But the committee have been unable
to glean a particle of testimony tending to
show any purpose on the part of this secret
combination to subvert the Government, either
State or national. No disorders in the South,
therefore, compare in power and in importance
to those surrounding Burr's conspiracy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator favor
us with a brief statement of what the facts in
1807 were as he understands them?
Mr. STEVENSON. . I refer the honorable
Senator to the confidential message of Mr.
Jefferson to the Congress of the United States
on 22d January, 1807. He Will find the facts
rjcjAf^ t.n p rp
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator knows as
matter of history what the facts were, and I
will take his statement.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator must be
perfectly familiar with the facts, and I am at
a loss to understand the cause of his constant
interruptions. He knows that the illegal
combination, headed at that time by Aaron
Burr, contemplated, as the President sup-
posed, the subversion of the Union of the
American States by the establishment of an
independent empire west of the Alleghany
mountains. It also contemplated an attack
upon Mexico. Mr. Jefferson supposed the
conspiracy to be well organized, extremely
formidable in extent, and well supplied with
means. His message shows that he believed
the country to be in great peril. Who so
familiar with the details of Burr's trial as the
honorable Senator from Vermont ? Who
knows better than he that the refusal of the
House of Representatives to concur in the bill
suspending the privilege of this great safe-
guard of individual freedom was based by the
majority, as the debate shows, upon their utter
want of constitutional power under the exist-
ing facts as then disclosed? In his speech
upon this bill a year ago he- referred to the
passage of the bill by the Senate suspending
the writ in support of the constitutional power
on the part of Congress to delegate the power
to the President. It was, as I have before
said, an unfortunate reference for the Senator,
since it utterly fails to sustain a claim of con-
stitutional power in support of which it was
cited. The Senatorfrom Vermont insists that
the refusal of Congress to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus absolutely in 1807 does not justify
the assumption that the same Congress could
not constitutionally delegate to the President
of the United States an authority to suspend
it whenever in his judgment the public exigency
demanded it.
This is an extraordinary argument, unsup-
ported by law or fact. I ask the Senator, if
his conclusion be right, why did Congress not
propose to invest the President with this pros-
pective right of suspension ? Was ever there
an occasion which more sternly demanded the
exercise of such a delegation of contingent
power, if Congress possessed the constitutional
power to invest the President with it? The
Senate believed that the public peace was so
imperiled by Burr's conspiracy as to demand
an absolute suspension of the habeas corpus,
and hence they passed the bill suspending it
for three months. The House deemed that
the public peace was not endangered by that
rebellion, and hence declared, under the state
of fact then existing, that the Constitution did
not invest them with power to pass the act.
Bat why not delegate to the President the
power to suspend it when Burr's plan should
have culminated toward success and the pub-
lic peace should thereafter become imper-
iled ? Why should Congress, if clothed with
the power, not have provided for such a con-
tingency? Yet no such proposal was made,
and the existence of such a power of delega-
tion was never hinted at. Can the honorable
Senator doubt that had Congress possessed the
power now claimed by him some intimation
would not have escaped its advocates during
the discussion on the absolute suspension pro-
posed by the Senate ? This fact therefore con-
demns the Senator's claim of power under the
Constitution to pass this bill. But that debate
informs us that the majority of the House of
Representatives again and again reiterated dur-
ing the discussion that the power to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus was, under the Con-
stitution, an exclusive one in Congress, and
that the Representatives were invested with
the sole discretion to determine the occur-
rence of that state of fact, which, by the
express limitation in the Constitution, must
take place before Congress itself could sus-
pend the writ. If, as the debate shows, the
Congress of 1807 deemed the power of sus-
pending the writ to be exclusive, we have sat-
isfactory proof that they deemed they possessed
no authority to delegate such a power to the
President, and hence 110 such proposal was
made.
But this alleged want of constitutional power
in Congress to invest th® President of the
United States with a discretion to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus and to declare mar-
tial law, I had supposed was too well settled
and established to be doubted anywhere. The
authorities seem to be all against the existence
of the power. Judge Story, who was quoted
by my honorable friend, the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thurman,] says:
"Hitherto no suspension of the writ has ever been
authorized by Congress since the establishment of
the Government. It woujd seem as the power is
Kiven to Congress tosuspend the writof habeascorput
in eases of rebellion and invasion, that the right to
judge whether the exigency had arisen must exclu-
sively rest with Congress."
The Senator from Vermont in his speech a
year ago alluded to this authority too, but did
he answer it? Can he produce now a well
adjudicated authority controverting it. If not,
will he, able and learned as we all know him
to be, tell us now how an exclusive power
delegated by the people to Congress can be
redelegated ?
But the Senator is perfectly familiar with
the case of Bolman and Swartwout, in 4
Cranch Reports, from which I wish to read
an extract.
The honorable Senator thinks the minority
are disposed to be factious in resisting this new
and aggravated spoliation of the Constitution.
Let me read to the Senator some good Repub-
lican authority in support of the doctrines now
insisted on by the Democratic minority on
this floor. The extracts which I purpose read-
ing are the utterances of a distinguished Re-
publican leader, made in November, 1861, who
has now passed away. He was a lawyer of
signal ability, known to the country at large,
not less for his brilliant talents than his zeal
and devotion to the Republican faith. He
says :
" Blaekstone denies tho right to
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is the Senator reading
or stating?
Mr. STEVENSON. I am reading from a
speech of the late Henry Winter Davis, deliv-
ered in November, 1861, in which he scouts
the right of the President to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus, or to declare marshal law
even amid the clash of arms.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My apology for asking
the Senator the question was that he said he
was about to read to us an extract from the
decision of the Supreme Court in Bolman and
Swartwout.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the Senator will
contain his soul in patience he shall be grati-
fied; no apology is necessary for his interrup-
tion—
" Blackstone denies the right to the Crown; Story
confines the right to Congress. But no ono has
quoted the solemn judgment of John Marshall, a
man of some repute in his day, and not entirely
without weight among men in our times—respecting
the Constitution, which he consolidated on tho
foundations of Washington. The writ was moved
for in behalf of Bolman and Swartwout, arrested by
a military officer at JSew Orleans, brought to the
District of Columbia, and there by President Jeffer-
son delivered to the court, and committed for trial
for treason. The right of the court to award the
writ was deniod, and after argument the court,' by
John Marshall, thus delivered the judgment on the
authority to suspend the writ:
"1 If at any time the public safety should require
the suspension of the powers vested by this act in
the courts of the United States, it is for the Legis-
lature to say so.'
" That question depends on political considerations
on which the Legislature is to decide. Until tho
legislative will be expressed, this court can only sea
its duty, and must obey the laws.
"The motion', therefore, must be granted."
' Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator kindly
tell us how that arose ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I ho[)e the Senator
will allow me to go on until I finish the citation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator does not
wish me to ask questions  
Mr. STEVENSON. I have shown my readi-
ness to answer the Senator's questions by
