1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4145
agree to. I think there was nothing discourte-
ous to the Senate in that. The very Constitu-
tion itself contemplates that the two Houses
of Congress may disagree as to the time of
adjournment, and it then provides how Con-
gress may be adjourned; and for either House,
when it has the opportunity, to hold the con-
trol of the matter in the way the House of
Representatives did, by adopting our resolution
to adjourn on the 29th of May, is in no wise
disrespectful to the other House, it seems to
me. It simply enables it to have the adjourn-
ment, if it is in favor of an early adjournment,
at such time as it shall agree to, and not allow
the other body to postpone the adjournment
indefinitely. There is nothing disrespectful
in it one way or the other, nothing that ought
to excite the slightest- feeling or emotion on
the part of the Senate.
I think the other House has not. acted with
the least discourtesy or with the least impro-
priety whatsoever in keeping the control of
the matter as it has done by agreeing to our
resolution. Then, what is to be done? The
House has already sent us a resolution extend-
ing the time until Tuesday next. Why not
agree to that, as we agreed to the other exten-
sion until Monday, and if it shall be found
then that the public service does require a
further extension, we are bound to presume
that the House is as regardful of the public
service as the Senate, and that the House will
agree to a further extension. But for the
present the obvious duty of the Senate, as it
strikes ine, is to do with reference to this new
resolution which has come from the House
precisely what we did with the other. We
agreed to the other extension ; let us agree to
this, and let us trust to it that the House of
Representatives has a sufficient sense of its
duty to send us a resolution for another ex-
tension if the public business shall require it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Illinois accused me of having got
into a passion, and with that calmness which
always characterizes his conduct has given
me a lecture for it; and if the Senate could
have seen his face, as I have no doubt they did,
and have observed his Demosthenic gesticula-
tions, as I have no doubt they did, when he
was soothing me with recommendations not
to get into a passion, they undoubtedly would
have felt, not only the force of precept which
they heard, but the force of example which
they saw.
Why, Mr. President, the honorable Senator,
when he advises people to keep cool, reminds
me of an old dominie who once lived m Con-
necticut, I believe—a State that the honorable
Senator may remember—who, every time that
he had occasion to chastise a boy for getting a
little excited or whispering, always did it with
oaths and tears and brandishing his ruler over
his head with a flourish every time he brought
it down on the boy, at the same time telling
the boy that the height of human virtue was
never to get excited! [Laughter.]
Perhaps that is not, however, an important
subject. Whether either of us is excited, the
rules gives us a right to be. But the more
important consideration is the contrast which
the Senator undertakes to make between my
conduct and his on the subjcct of consistency.
He appeals to the Senate to observe how
inconsistent I am ; that four months ago I
voted to adjourn on the 29th of May, and now,
on the 1st of June, am opposed to adjourning
on the 2d or 3d. Well, sir, I do not see any
inconsistency in that; but I suppose the Sen-
ator does; and I certainly know of no person
to whose judgment I should yield so readily
on the subject of inconsistency as to his, for
there is no man within the limit of my acquaint-
ance whose experience in that particular
branch of human dialectics is so great, as the
Journal and as the Globe shows, as that of the
honorable Senator from Illinois.
Sir, take thesubjectof caucuses about which
we have heard the honorable Senator dilate
42d Cowo. 2d Sess.—No. 260.
for the last few days and weeks, accusing every-
thing as being born of a caucus and as an
abominable thing therefore. Does not the
honorable Senator and every Senator who has
been here ten years know that he himself has
been the king of the caucus until at last the
caucus did not obey the king and then the
king condemned the caucus ? I do not know
it; I merely ask the question.
Mr. President, the Senator speaks of con-
sistency. Look at every bill touching the
public questions of the United States that has
been under consideration this session, and read
what the honorable Senator has with his usual
eloquence and ability said against those bills
and the measures of them. Turn back to the
Globe five years, eight years, ten years, two
years, a year and a half ago, and you can read
from him speeches of.exactly the opposite
character defending the measures that he now
condemns and calling upon all true Repub-
licans to stand by, for the public interest,
against the encroachments of the power that
he wished to put down.
Well, Mr. President, therefore (not to dilate
upon this) I bow with most respectful sub
mission to the lecture that the honorable Sen-
ator gives me upon the subject of consistency,
because I can see that he having been on all
sides can best judge of what is consistent and
what is inconsistent. I confess that I do not
claim to have occupied that attitude.
Now, to return to the question ; the honorable
Senator says that it was wrong in us to ask tlie
return of the resolution and that it was un-
precedented; that is to say it was unprece-
dented to ask the return of a resolution that
had been gone just four months. Mr. Presi-
dent, it is unprecedented, no doubt, to ask the
return of a resolution which was written in
precisely that language and by precisely the
man who wrote that. The idea ot establishing
a principle upon the length of time is a new
argument to be adduced upon the subject of
courtesy between the two Houses. If it would
have been courteous in the House of Repre-
sentatives to have returned that resolution lo
us the next day, would it not also have been
courteous in that body to have returned it the
next week or the next month, if, in the mean
time, it had not acted upon it? The Senator
cannot make any distinction ; no man can.
But, as I said, that question has gone by.
The question now is one of hard fact, and we
find, as the Senator from Ohio has said, that
each House has a right to control the other
upon the subject of the adjournment, and he
is right about it. The House of Representa-
tives has a right to compel us, if it can, to
accept an adjournment for next Tuesday or
next Monday ; but have we. not the same right
upon that subject that the House of Repre-
sentatives has? Of course we have; and all
that I propose to do, therefore, is to send the
House oi Representatives, not a resolution
compelling them to rescind, but only a respect-
ful resolution in the form of a proposition to
them that they do rescind. Is there anything
discourteous in that? If they do not choose
to agree to it, two courses are open to them.
They can send it back disagreed to, and then
we shall adjourn on Monday; or they can send
it back with an amendment postponing the
time already fixed for one day or ten days,
and we eau concur, or confer, or disagree as
we like. That is all. Therefore, the question
now is, as there is time enough to act upon
this matter between the two Houses fairly and
deliberately, whether it is not better for the
public interests to rescind altogether, and thus
stop the blockade that we know exists in cer-
tain quarters to all legislation ot a certain
character, to all consideration of legislation
of a certain character, by naming a day to
continue the same blockade that exists now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the sundry civil ex-
penses appropriation bill is before the Senate,
the pending question being on the motion to
postpone the bill indefinitely, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered, and the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cabpe.nxbb,]
who is not present, is entitled to the floor.
siessage from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 48(3) for the relief of Brevet
Colonel Emeric Szabad; and
A bill (S. No. G08) to correct an error in
the act approved February 24, 1871.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. It. No. '2848) authorizing the
First National Bank of Annapolis to change
its location and name ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2049) for the relief of
William B. Muse;
A bill (H. R. No. 2950) for the relief of
Algernon S. Worth ;
A. bill (H. Ii. No. 2951) granting a pension
to Mary J. Morse ; and
A bill (H. R. iso. 2952) for the relief of
Burke & Kunkel.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 889) for the relief of Joseph .
Segar, of Virginia ;
An act (S. No. 200) for the relief of William
H. Oolledge ;
An act (S. No. 201) for the relief of Phebe •
Hepburn ;
An act (S. No. 329) for the relief of Charles
W. Whitney ;
An act (S. No. 259) for the relief of Mrs.
Harriet B. Pendletou, widow of George H.
Pendleton, late of the United States Navy;
An act (S. No. 58) to prescribe the time for
holding the election for electors of President
and Vice President in the State of Louisiana ;
and
An act (S. No. 473) to further the admin-
istration of justice.
steamboat bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to non-concur in the report of the con-
ference committee on the steamboat bill, and
ask the House that a new committee of con-
ference he appointed on that bill, of which I
decline to be a member.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan proposes that the Senate non-
concur in the report of the committee of con-
ference on the steamboat bill, and ask another
conference.
Mr. CONKLING. The new committee of
conference would, of course, be in the dark
as to any objections there may be to the bill.
Now, if a new committee is ordered, and if it
should return with the same bill, and then the
effect should be to treat it as if it had been
considered by the second conference commit-
tee in the light of the objections, I should not
be willing to consent to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator him-
self will consent to serve on the couimiitee.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 beg to assure my hon-
orable friend that I am not ambitious to
undertake that. I do not make my remark to
take the form of an objection ; I only make it
by way of giving notice that when the bill
comes back, if it be the same in some respects
as it is now, I shall insist upon my objections
to it; and as there is no opportunity at this
time to state those objections in detail, I do it
at large in this way, conscious in advance that
the committee must reconsider the bill wholly
in the dark as to the views of the Senate
touching those amendments, and I make my
remark to cover all the amendments which
were adopted in the Senate and which were
surrendered or lost in the prior conference. I
