1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
561
Mr. CARPENTER. One word only. Not
only can there be no distinction in principle
between the cases of the towns which I have
offered to provide for by this amendment and
Chicago, but, there are many considerations
why that agricultural district should be pre-
ferred in a bill ot' this kind. By the second
section of this bill it is provided that any per-
son, a man who was not a sufferer by the fire
at Chicago, may go there and buy a lot at such
a price as he can obtain it for and erect a
building upon it this year and have the benefit
of this drawback. There is very likely to be
a very great abuse of this law. There is a
great premium offered to men to go there who
have been no sufferers, buy up property, and
enjoy it.
In the agricultural districts of Wisconsin no
such thing is to be apprehended. Our cou. •
try is inviting enough under ordinary circum
stances, but desolated and burned over seven
counties consecutively as it is now, by fire,
there is very little danger that men will be
attracted there to build who have not been
sufferers on the soil. The farmers will come
back to their ruined and smoldering homes
and attempt to reconstruct thern, and they
will have the benefit of the act, whereas Chi-
cago, a great commercial center, is constantly
inviting capital and emigration of capital from
every part of the United States. Suppose
Mr. Astor, from New York, to-morrow goes
out qnd buys up the whole burnt district of
Chicago, and proposes to rebuild it within a
year; he gets the benefit of this act, and the
men whose buildings were destroyed never get
the slightest benefit from it. That is the grand
objection to this bill, an objection which applies
with great strength to Chicago but has 110
strength with reference to Wisconsin, because
the circumstances are so different that the case
never would be the same.
The idea that the Senate will draw a dis-
tinction in dispensing its charities upon a State
line—for that is what it comes to—and that
Chicago shall be relieved, and sufferers in
precisely the same category, smarting under
the same fire induced by the same causes,
shall not be relieved, marks a distinction here
which I do not believe the Senate will persist
in marking.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have avoided the dis-
cussion of this bill because I have felt all along
that unless as an appeal to the charity, the
spontaneous charity of the Senate, it was not
a question that would bear perhaps the closest
debate; but I desire to say that if this bill is to
be loaded down by amendments like that pro-
posed by the Senator from Wisconsin, I think
it will create a very serious difficulty in the
passage of the bill itself. The provisions of
this bill extended to these small towns in Wis-
consin and Michigan that have suffered by fire,
will be of 110 benefit whatever to them.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then it cannot harm
the United States. It is a show of generosity
that costs us nothing, on that theory.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow me to get through. What is the object
of this bill for the relief of Chicago? It is to
prevent persons who are now in the possession
of building material on hand from extorting
unreasonable prices from those who have suf-
fered by the fire. That is the only purpose.
The amount ot actual relief that will be paid
by the United States to the sufferers by the
tire at Chicago, under this bill will be compar-
atively small. In the case of Portland, Maine,
the whole amount paid was only $21,000. The
purpose and chief benefit of the bill will be to
prevent those who now have possession of
building-material near Chicago or in Chicago,
that is, lumber, brick, and heavy materials,
from demanding large prices for that material
which must be used at once in repairing and
rebuilding Chicago.
Now take the case of Peshtigo, in the State
of Wisconsin. There was a calamity unex-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 36.
ampled. I do not remember to have heard or
read of a story similar to that, where a town
was overtaken by flames leaping in the air and
consumed in a very short period of time and a
great many people destroyed.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my colleague allow
me to interrupt him to correct a misapprehen-
sion he is under? He supposes the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin apj lies
only to villages and towns. It applies to town-
ships. The flames extended over the whole
Country, burned everything up.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly; farm-houses,
everything.
Mr. SHERMAN. My argument only be-
comes stronger, as my colleague will see.
What benefit is it to say to the people in those
remote lumber regions, because these fires
only occurred in the lumber regions, that they
may import lumber from Canada free'of duty,
or brick from some place free, or any other
building material from some foreign port free?
Is that the kind of relief that you will extend
to those people? In Chicago it is different.
In the very region of these towns suddenly
burnt up by this marvelous fire there is still
lumber all around that can be at once supplied
to them.
Therefore, if you desire, as I do from the
bottom of my heart, to give relief to those vil-'
lages and towns, and even cities like one of those
in Michigan, the only proper way would be to
take the money from the Treasury of the United
States, and distribute that relief in such a way
as would be fair and just. But the relief you
give to Chicago is not merely the money you
give in the way of refunding duties ; that is the
smallest portion of it; but it is to enable them
by extending the line of their operations, the
reach of their market, to get brick,lumber and
various other materials from a more distant
source free of duty, and thus bring a competi-
tion to meet those who are now monopoliz-
ing the market, in building materials. That
reason does not operate in favor of these small
towns, because there there is not such an at-
tempt to domineer the market as to prevent the
sale of building materials at fair prices.
The truth is, that in many of these towns the
chief property destroyed wus in large lumber
mills, which were suddenly consumed and de-
stroyed, and those lumber mills are now pro-
ducing more lumber than ever before; and my
deliberate conviction is, from a careful inves-
tigation of the whole matter, that within a year
from this time lumber will be cheaper than it
was a year ago, simply because the amount
of lumber being produced this winter is greater
than ever before, and probably the market will
be overstocked. But in the meantime those
now embarking in building in Chicago have
to pay enormously increased prices, and the
chief benefit and object of this bill is by ex-
tending tbe range of the market to enable them
to get brick and lumber and other materials
from Canada, and piobably they may be able
to purchase iron and such other material as
enter into building at cheaper rates by having
the market of the world to supply them. One
of the wonders of this fire is that the very
severity of the destruction, the consumption
of such vast amounts of goods, dry goods, gro
ceries, lumber, &e., created an extraordinary
demand, and raised the price of the very arti-
cles that are absolutely necessary to rebuild
the city. The object, therefore, is to give
them a broader market from which to draw
these things to them.
I do not believe that the Government of the
United States will lose materially by the pas-
sage of this bill. Why? The rebuilding of
Chicago is an additional demand made upon
the world for labor and for materials. If
Chicago had not been destroyed t>y fire, it
would not have been rebuilt; and the various
articles produced, not only m this country, but
in the countries of the world, would have been
used in building other towns and villages, and
enlarging Chicago. Now, not only is there a
demand for building other towns and extend-
ing Chicago, but here is a sudden demand
made by the fire itself for materials used in
repairing that destruction. That creates an
extraordinary demand, fresh, importations.
It seems to me under the circumstances we
might temporarily suspend for one year the
operation of our law levying duties on im-
ported goods, merely to meet this extraordin-
ary emergency ; but if you extend it to these
smaller towns in the lumber regions, you ex-
tend a mode of remedy applicable to Chicago
and Portland, but not applicable to these
remoter towns and remoter regions. I say,
therefore, with my colleague, thatif the Senate
should add to this bill various towns scattered
through Michigan and Wisconsin, I am free
to admit that the mode of relief presented by
this bill is not the mode best suited for the
purpose, and I should therefore vote for the
recommittal of the bill, with the view of having
proper amendments made.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the Senator make
that motion?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. I hope the
bill will pass without any amendments; but
if amendments are placed upon it, I shall
undoubtedly vote for the recommitment.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator made an
excellent argument in favor of recommitting
the bill, and has stated a fact which I desired
to bring out before the committee, and that is
that the enormous destruction of lumber has
necessitated the throwing of double the quan-
tity that was ever before known on the market.
Lumber will be cheaper, necessarily, next year
than it has been for the last six, seven, or
eight years. The Senator has given a good
reason why the bill should be recommitted.
It' a gross injustice has been done to those who
certainly have suffered as much as the people
of Chicago, and many of them more, 1 think
he has given a good reason why the bill should
be recommitted, and the action of the com-
mittee reexamined.
Mr. CORBETT. This bill not only pro-
vides for a remission of duties, but it also
authorizes the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue to suspend the collection of taxes that
have been assessed after a certain time. These
taxes have been assessed upon these towns
and cities in Wisconsin and Micliigau precisely
the same as they have been in Chicago, and
it seems to me that that provision ought to
apply to the people in those towns. 1 know
very we'll that the outburst of generosity was
extended to Chicago first. The case was so
extraordinary, the fire was so immense, that
the Chicago suffering was brought to the notice
of the people throughout the United States
and other countries more prominently than
that caused by these other fires.
These people in Michigan and Wisconsin
are greater sufferers iu proportion than the
people in Chicago, for this reason: Chicago
is now being rebuilt, or will be very soon, by
the contribution of some sixty or seventy mil-
lion dollars, it is estimated, from all sections
of the country, through our insurance com-
panies, from every town almost in the Uni-
ted States of any importance; not only from
wealthy people but from widows and orphans,
people who have had their money invested in
these insurance stocks. All of them are now
contributing to rebuild Chicago. I doubt
whether there is the same amount of insurance
in proportion upon these small towns in Mich-
igan as there was upon Chicago. I think in
large cities there is generally larger insurance
in proportion than there is in the country,
from the fact that they suppose their country
places are exempt from fire to a great extent,
except from their own carelessness.
This has been a very extraordinary case,
and it seems to me it is due to the Senate of
the United States, if they are going to pass
the bill, to extend the same relief to these
