562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
small towns. Some two or three million dol-
lars have been sent to Chicago as the vol-
untary contribution of' the people. A small
portion of that sum toward the end,I believe,
■was sent to these towns in Wisconsin and
Michigan. I cannot see why we should not
extend the same degree of relief to these
towns. I wish to vote for both of these prop-
ositions to relieve not only Chicago, but these
other towns. If it does not amount to much,
it taxes us but little. If it does amount to
something, it extends just that measure of
relief to those towns, and it makes those peo-
ple feel that they have been recognized. If
we do not recognize them, (and they are re-
quired to pay their portion of these taxes in
other ways; they are paying, in the duties col-
lected in other ways, their proportion to pay
for those which are remitted in favor of Chi-
cago,) they may feel hard about it. I repeat,
I think we ought to extend this relief to these
small towns, and I shall vote for the amend-
ment.
Mr. WINDOM. I am unwilling that my
vote, already given on the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin, should be miscon-
strued or misunderstood, and therefore desire
to say that I voted against it because I wish
each of these propositions to stand upon its
own merits; and further, for the reason stated
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
that I believe a more appropriate and effect-
ive relief can be found for those smaller places;
and whenever the Senators from Michigan and
Wisconsin shall introduce a bill for that pur-
pose I will most cheerfully vote for it.
I shall vote for the amendment offered by
the Senator from Michigan on my right, [Mr.
Ferry,] because I think that it is as appro-
priate to the small towns and country places
as to Chicago ; I am desirous to assist all of
them; but I believe a more appropriate rem-
edy can be found. I am not willing to be
placed in the position of opposing either.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I desire to call
the attention of the Senate more especially to
the remarks made by the Senator from Ohio.
The object of this bill is designedly to prevent
the rise in the price of lumber, as well as other
building material. I invite attention, in sup-
port of the position the Senators from Michi-
gan have taken on this question, to the argu-
ment presented by the Senator from Illinois
who introduced the bill, [Mr. Logan.] He
said that the object was not particularly to
cheapen the price of imported brick, but to
affect the market in that locality ; in other
words, that there had been a conspiracy to
raise the price of that material, and the object
of this bill was to hold a governmental dread,
if I may so express myself, over the price of
brick. If the argument is tenable in that case,
certainly it must be in the case of lumber.
Now let, us look at it, for a moment. A man
proposes to erect a building, and he applies to
a lumberman in the city of Chicago. lie asks
the price of lumber. Suppose it to be fifteen
dollars per thousand, if you please. He asks
the question, " Has this lumber been import-
ed?" The dealer says, "No: my lumber is
manufactured in the States/' Then the pur-
chaser says, ''My interest is to purchase im-
ported lumber." He goes to the next dealer,
and so on perhaps through the market of
Chicago until he finds an importing dealer,
and failing to find such a dealer he then sends
to Canada and imports his lumber, because
on all importations of that material he secures
a rebatementof twodollars and over, or twenty
per cent., which is the duty on lumber.
It will be seen by Senators that this practi-
cally fixes the price of lumber in the market
of Chicago. Its effect is not merely upon the
amount consumed in the erection of these build-
ings, but it is telling the dealers in lumber that
as lumber for Chicago reconstruction shall be
purchased in Canada, that the deduction of
duty may be realized the price must accord-
ingly be reduced, for this competition neces-
sarily brings down the price of lumber upon all
sales in market below a paying rate. That
must practically be the tendency of the bill,
and it is on that account that I have been com-
pelled to call attention to the project in the
remarks whicli I submitted to the Senate. As
I stated to the Senator from Illinois, it was
doing violence to my own feelings now to offer
any seeming objections, inasmuch as I had taken
the most practical method of meeting the issue
when I appealed to the dealers in Chicago,
when they had the material, to meet the ques-
tion and provide for fifty million feet at prices
before the fire. They having agreed to the
proposal, and then repudiated it, I stand upon
the broad basis of taking the ground that if
they are to be relieved, then certainly the bur-
den shall not be rolled upon Michigan, which
supplies "three fourths of the lumber sold in
the market of Chicago, and was so prompt to
tender substantial relief.
It seems' to me the Senator from Ohio must
see, as the country will see, that this bill prac-
tically fixes the rates at which lumber is to be
sold in market. It is no wonder, therefore,
that dealers in the article send their dis-
patches here and appeal to the Senate to
pause before it adopts a measure of this kind,
calculated to destroy an interest so great and
vital as this is to the State of Michigan: and
we, as representatives of that State, should
be false to our duty if we did not rise here
and ask for a modification of this measure. I
therefore reiterate to the Senator from Illinois
to aggregate a sum upon the precedent estab-
lished in the case of Portland, based upon the
amount of property destroyed, and upon that
basis donate a sufficient sum from your Treas-
ury, and let it be distributed equally by your
revenues over all the States, and not compel
Michigan, because she supplies this large
quantity of lumber, to bear this additional
burden, for it will become a serious burden to
her people.
As I have not taken up much of the atten-
tion of the Senate heretofore, I may as well
say, while I am up, that the very place in which
1 live was one of the first to send provisions and
other aid to Chicago. The mayor of Detroit,
promptly sent a dispatch, offering to send
cooked food, and I replied, " Send all you can,"
and that city did so send, and so did other
cities, mine as well as others of the State. We
had a city twenty miles from that in which I
reside which was entirely destroyed save a
brick academy and surrounding buildings,
which stood, the only monument of where the
city once was; and yet we asked no contribu-
tion for that, but gladly andgratefullyacknowl-
edged the generosity of voluntary contributors
throughout the whole country, for which we
gave our thanks. We therefore ask no special
aid of Congress, unless you give aid to Chicago.
If you do that, we, and other towns having
contributed for the relief of the sufferers in
Chicago, ask that you shall also grant the same
relief to us. If it is a just measure for Chicago
it is equally a righteous measure for Michigan.
As has been well stated here, Wisconsin has
lost relatively more in life and property than
either; and if I were to yield at all, it would
be to that State rather than to Chicago or my
own.
I have not forgotten that millions of money
have been contributed to Chicago, and I learn
from one of the Chicago relief committee that
eight thousand buildings already have been
built by the money contributed by the people
throughout the country. These buildings are
doubtless ordinary and temporary, but never-
theless sheltering many and affording immedi-
ate relief to thousands. Michigan was the one
that fixed the price of that lumber by stepping
into the market and insisting that the price
should not be exorbitantly raised. Now, after
such a generous act, it is proposed that she
shall feel this burden by exacting from her
resources this twenty per cent, of duty for the
benefit of Chicago sufferers.
I am not to be driven from my position by
any one claiming more humanity or sympathy
for this great calamity. I was there and wit-
nessed it. The same feelings that animate the
Senators from Illinois were aroused in iny
breast at the disastrous spectacle, and I would
do all that is practically expedient, nay gener-
ous, for Chicago. I withheld my amendment
to this bill hoping it might pass withoutamend-
ment; that Chicago alone, the great central
city of the West, might feel this generous act
on the part of the Government; but since the
claims of other places have been presented, I
feel it my duty to press those of Michigan, and
I appeal to the Senate, that if relief is given
to Chicago it should be given to Michigan,
more especially, as was well said by the Sen-
ator from Oregon, in the manner proposed by
the amendment which I intend to offer; and I
think Senators cannot escape the position that
since upon the basis of property taxes hare
been assessed by this Government, and upon
the destruction of that property it is proper
that those taxes shall be remitted by the Gov-
ernment, then be just and treat all alike. If
property has been destroyed in Michigan and
destroyed in Chicago, relieve both equally,
and not treat one generously and the other
invidiously. Iluins confront, yon in the one
case as well as the other, and would you take
from one and give to the other? Justice
insists not.
Mr. LOGAN. I will detain the Senate but
a moment, and I rise merely to correct a state-
ment of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Ferry.] I must confess that I have been sur-
prised two or three times to-day at what he
has said. I had looked on bim as one of the
right-hand men in favor of the passage of this
bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask the Sen-
ator now to state whether I am not in favor
of it, and whether he has not evidence him-
self that I am a supporter of his bill. I ask
him to say whether I was not originally against
amendments to the bill; but as 1 stated (and I
repeat my language now) other amendments
having been made, I felt that I should be neg-
ligent to the interests of my State, and want-
ing in duty, if I failed to present an amend-
ment of this kind.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not speaking of the
amendment, nor do I say the Senator from
Michigan will not vote for the bill, but I say
that I understood him to be one of the right-
hand men for the passage of the bill originally,
and I cannot understand his speech as advanc-
ing it< interests very materially. Now, with
his point on lumber and his idea that Michigan
is so seriously affected by this bill, he of course
cannot conscientiously vote for it. That is his
argument. This thing of making an argument
in one direction and voting in the other is not
; the best, mode of proceeding, in my judgment.
I I hope the Senator will not consider that when
j I say this I mean anything offensive, but I
' want the bill either to pass or be defeated. I
want to see iis friends vote for it because it is
right,, and its enemies vote against it because
they think it is wrong.
The Senator himself is the man from whom
I first got, the information in reference to the
lumbermen having put up the price of limber
four dollars a thousand immediately on the
occurrence of this fire,_ and now he says the
bill is to affect the price of lumber. So it
is. but the price of lumber ivas put up beyond
the duties on lumber. The duties on lumber
being two dollars or two dollars and a half a
thousand, I do not, remember cxactly which,
they put, up the priee four dollars. This will
not, of course, reduce it below the amount
of duties paid. It wilt bring it down to that
level Vv hat effect will that have on the gert-.
tleman's friends in Michigan?
Mr. FEttliY, of Michigan. If the Senator
