530
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
prompt and courteous answers, but I should
prefer to finish the quotation without such
constant interruptions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Davis proceeds:
"I think hereafter it will be a stain on any law-
yer's reputation to have ascribed to the President
that dangerous and unconstitutional discretion."
What does the Senator from Vermont think
of that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. J agree to that entirely,
but 
Mr. STEVENSON. I am glad to hear it.
Now I will answer jour question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will ask the Senator,
as he only wishes to have the Senate under-
stand the truth, whether in that case Congress
had authorized the President of the United
States to suspend the writ of habeas corpus 1
Mr. STEVENSON. Congress had not
authorized the President to suspend the
writ.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Had the President un-
dertaken to suspend it of his own will?
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot answer that
question positively. The President had, as I
understand the facts, caused Bolman and
Swartwout to be arrested at New Orleans as
confederates of Burr. I believe that they ap-
plied for the writ of habeas corpus in that city,
and the officer having them in charge, perhaps
under the order of his superiors, disregarded
the writ, and the prisoners were brought from
New Orleans and placed in prison in Wash-
ington.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the court merely
said they would grant a writ of habeas corpus
where there was no legislation and no exec-
utive act, and that is all. That is enough for
me.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then you surrender.
Judge Marshall expressly denied that Con-
gress possessed the exclusive constitutional
right to decide when the contingency occurred
on which the Constitution alone allows the
privileges of habeas corpus to be suspended.
Acute as the honorable Senator from Ver
mont shows himself to be, even he cannot
explain away this ruling. If the discretion
is exclusive it cannot be parted with or dele-
gated to the President. So say Blackstone,
Story, Marshall, Taney, and Henry Winter
Davis.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not,understand Mr.
Davis, even, to say that, but if he did I should
not, agree with him.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is not surprising
that in the present party exigency of the Sen-
ator to fiud authority or precedent for consti-
tutional power to pass this bill he should dif-
fer with anybody who denies the existence of
such authority. His alleged power to sustain
this measure is unsupported by Blackstone,
Marshall, Story, or Davis.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my honorable friend
mean to say that Mr. Henry Winter Davis eon-
tended that Congress could not authorize the
President of the United States to suspend the
writ?
Mr. STEVENSON. That direct question
of the power of Congress to delegate to the
President a discretionary right to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus was not discussed by Mr.
Henry Winter Davis in the speech from which
I have quoted. Throughout that speech, how-
, ever, Mr. Davis again and again denied and
ridiculed the power wliieli President Lincoln
was then exercising of declaring martial law.
He argued that the right of suspension had
been exclusively delegated by the people to
Congress, to whose sole discretion and judg-
ment had been confided the authority and re-
sponsibility ot determining the occurrence of
that contingency upon which any suspension
could take place.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Unquestionably.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator says un-
questionably. Then can any other deduction
be logically drawn from the argument of Henry
Winter Davis than that he denied that Con-
gress can redelegate an exclusively delegated
power to any other tribunal ? No exclusively
delegated power can be redelegated by an
agent without the assent of his principal. If
the American people, the source of all power,
have in their written organic law constituted
the Congress of the United States their exclu-
sive agents, and committed to them the sole
legislative power of suspending habeas corpus
on the happening of a contingency, and which
they alone are authorized to pass upon, how can
such a trust be .redelegated ? Can legislative
powers be delegated by Congress to other tri-
bunals ? Can the power to declare war, raise
armies, levy taxes, and propose constitutional
amendments be delegated by Congress to either
the judiciary or the President? If not, why
not? For the reason assigned by John Mar-
shall, late Chief Justice of the United States,
in delivering an opinion of the Supreme Court,
that Congress can delegate no legislative
power conferred by the Constitution to any
other tribunal.
If the Senator from .Vermont admits that
this proposed suspension of habeas corpus is
a legislative power, and as all the authorities
unite in declaring it to be an exclusive power
in Congress, it would seem to follow that Con-
gress cannot invest the President with this
extraordinary dictatorial power over the liber-
ties of the people by a prospective suspension
of this great constitutional safeguard of their
preservation.
Mr. President, for what purpose? Cuibonol
Is there a rebellion existing? Clearly not
save by construction. Is the public safety
endangered?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a question of
fact, not a question of law.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I tell
the Senator that the pending proposition to
invest the President with the power of a
Roman dictator over the liberty of the citi-
zen is forbidden alike by law and fact. The
Constitution forbids it, because it is an exclu-
sive legislative trust, which Congress cannot
redelegate. Congress itself could not to-day
under the state ot fact disclosed by the invest-
igating committee and accompanying testi-
mony, constitutionally and absolutely suspend
the writ of habeas corpus: first, because
there is no invasion or rebellion existing in
the South; secondly, because the public
safety is not threatened. If Congress itself
cannot now suspend the writ absolutely, on
what pretense could it delegate its exclusive
legislative power of prospective suspension to
the President?
I pass over the odious doctrine of construct-
ive treason, the hateful plea of tyrants in the
Old World. It can find no foothold in the
New save under the ribald usurpation of the
dominant party in their assaults on the Fed-
eral Constitution. Admit that outrages and
unlawful combinations existed at the South,
I defy the majority of the committee of invest-
igation to show that the courts are not all
open and the laws enforced. The judges and
other judicial officers are the employes of the
President, and all belong to his political party.
Soldiers belonging to the Army are stationed
throughout theSouth. Not a solitary member
ot theinvestigating committee, whether of the
majority or minority, will deny that peace.reigns
and that the condition of affairs throughout
the so-called seceded States is far better to-
day than ever before since the war. Still, we
are confronted with this bill by which the lib-
erty of the citizen is unconstitutionally and
ruthlessly placed at the discretion of one man,
and a freeman is to be imprisoned in dafiance
of all constitutional guarantees.
Mr. President, I am not surprised at the
introduction of the pending measure. In a
speech made more than a year ago in this
Chamber upon the conference report upon
the disagreeing vote of the two Houses on the
original bill, which confined the suspension of
the habeas corpus to the end of this session of
Congress, I predicted that the dominant party
would attempt to extend that suspension
through the presidential election. I felt as
well persuaded of it then as I am now. The
pending bill makes that prophecy of a year
ago history now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator's par-
don for interrupting him once more He says
that in the discussion of this bill a year ago he
prophesied that it would be proposed to ex-
tend it, if I understand him at this time. I
wish lo say to him—and I think I may promise
that I will not trouble him again with an inter-
ruption—that I then, having charge of the bill,
stated that if the developments which might
occur between that time aud this should pro-
duce the state of facts that we expected it
would produce, we should expect to continue
this power in the President for the preserva-
tion of the lives and property of innocent citi-
zens of the United States as long as it should
be necessary. That was distinctly stated, so
that there was no disguise about it at that
time.
Mr. STEVENSON. No, Mr. President, I
admit what the Senator says. There was no
disguise 1 The purpose of the dominant party
a year ago, to continue the suspension of habeas
corpus beyond the present session of Congress,
was too transparent to deceive anybody. The
honorable Senator himself possibly knew when
he made the statement in March, 1871, to
which he has just alluded, that the necessities
of his party at this time might demand the
continuance of this delegated discretion lo
the President to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus. This measure might then have been
deemed a necessity now to teach the down-
trodden people of the South what ticket they
should vote at the presidential election in No-
vember next. It can have no other necessity,
I am sure.
Cromwell when he usurped power always
used to say he never sought it, but through
the grace of God and the army it always
sought him. It may be thought necessary by
our Republican friends that the President who
is a prospective candidate for reelection may
not seek himself the Presidency, but like
Cromwell the Presidency may seek him by
means of martial law and the United States
Army. Mr. President, what down-right mock-
ery of free government this procedure presents 1
If the President for six months is to be clothed
with arbitrary power over the liberty of the
southern people, why not over others indefi-
nitely? The same necessity which demands it
now will always justify it. Necessity has been
the usurpers' plea in the Old World, why not in
the New ? If the Constitution is to be violated
by the passage of the pending bill; if the priv-
ileges of the habeas corpus are to be suspended
at the arbitrary will of the President to-day,
why may it not be done during every pres-
idential election ? The occurrence of internal
disorders like those in the South, occasionally
disturb the peace and quiet of every State.
Let them be deemed a constructive rebellion,
and the precedent of the passage of the pend-
ing measure justifies your successors, Senators,
with power to invest any future President with
the arbitrary power of Julius Ctesar. Will
the American people never be aroused to the
perils which confront and imperii constitu-
tional liberty ?
Popular free governments are nothing but
