3250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
The bill which came from the House was a
bill to lelieve disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution. It
required, of course, a vote of two thirds of
each House of Congress to pass it. The bill
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts
as a substitute for the entire bill of the House
is an ordinary bill, at least so far as respects the
vote required to pass it. It becomes a law by
a simple majority of each House.
I should not of course detain the Senate by
a discussion of the question with which I
propose to deal if I did not regard it as of
the very highest consequence, it is a funda-
mental question, in my judgment, in regard to
the exercise of power by the Senate and by
the House over resolutions proposing amend-
ments to the Constitution, or bills removing
disabilities, both of which require a two-thirds
vote.
In the first place, t do not agree that a two-
thirds bill under the fourteenth amendment is
one requiring to bo sent to the President for
his signature or his veto, a3 he shall see lit.
Such a bill requires that proceeding 110 more
than does a resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution to the several States.
Indeed, as to this bill, the case is very much
clearer. I may be confident overmuch ; but 1
think a very few considerations, if the Senate
will give me their attention, will at least make
clear the grounds upon which I stand, even if
they do not carry conviction to the Senate.
1 never was satisfied with one of the reasons
given lor the ground so well established that a
resolution of Congress proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution need not be sent, to
the President,; that, is, that as the resolution
required two thirds of each House to pass it,,
and as two thirds would overrule the Veto ol
the President, it was an idle form to send the
resolution to him.
1 think that, reason not a good one. It
never was siitiat'aetoiy to my mind. One ob-
ject ol sending a biil to the President, and of
giving him the power to veto it, if he sees (it,
is that it, may go back to the two Houses for
further consideration, so ih«t, if tliov sue lit,
by a two-thirds vote, they may reconsider their
action and kiil the hill.
In some of the Slates, it' 1 am correctly
informed, the same majority in eaeli House
which passes a bill in the lir.st. place may over
ride the Governor's veto. in that, case the
argument ol the concurrence of the number of
voles required to pass it over the veto iu the
second place has never been held to obviate
the necessity of sending the bill to the Gov-
ernor.
The true ground upon which a resolution
of Congress proposing an amendment to the
Constitution need not, nay, should not be sent
to the Piesident, is that it is not legislation,
ft jy not, ;in exorcist? of th« law-making power,
i say so because the act of the two Houses of
Congress has this extent and no more, that it. I
is merely a proposition of amendment. It I
offers an amendment, to the Constitution to be
acted upon by the States. If they accept it
by the requisite numbers it becomes a consti-
tutional law. If they do not, it tails. There-
fore the only power exercised is a power to
propose. It is not legislation in the sense in
winch the passage ol a bill by the concurrent
action ot the two Houses of Congress and of
the lixecutive is legislation.
_ Now. can there beany substantial distinction
in this respect between a resolution proposing
an amendment to the Constitution and the
action ot Congress in removing disabilities
by a two-thuds vote? There is none what-
eIe~" Indeed, it is most clear that the action
of Congiess m such a case is not and cannot
be legislation. It is simply the exercise by
Congress of the pardoning power teserved to
it by the fourteenth amendment. This will
become extremely plain if we consider where
the pardoning power as to the disabilities of
the fourteenth amendment would have been
lodged but for the express reservation of the
power to the two Houses of Congress made in
the amendment itself. Clearly it would have
been lodged in the President. It is an execu-
tive power, and before the fourteenth amend-
ment was lodged wholly in the executive head
of the Government. By virtue of the four-
teenth amendment, and not otherwise, Con-
gress, and not the President, has the pardon-
ing power.
Now, you may say that the action of Con-
gress in removing disabilities must be by a
two-thirds vote of both Houses. The answer
is, because it is a power to be exerted by the
Legislature, and must therefore be exerted
through the forms of legislation. It is a neces-
sity arising out of the constitution of Con-
gress. Congress can act iu 110 other way. The
result is, that propositions originating with
Congress for amendments to the Constitution
and measures removing disabilities under the
fourteenth amendment, are in the same class.
Congress as to these exercises no law-making
power in any proper sense of the word. it.
does not in the case of amendments to the
Constitution. Most certainly and most indu-
bitably it does not when it removes disabilities
under the fourteenth amendment.
Now, sir, troin all this it follows that the
congressional power which acts upona bill re
moving disabilities is of a different order
entirely from the legislative authority which
acts upon ordinary bills in the course of legis-
lation. When Congress removes disabilities,
it pardons. It, exerts an executive function
to which it could never lay claim but for the
express warrant, of the Constitution. To say
that, the exertion of such a power by Congress
bears any similitude to legislation in its meth
ods, or that it should be regulated in any
degree by the same rules of order or of action,
seems to me absolutely inadmissible.
There is still another ground. I asked the
.Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] yester-
day whether he saw any objections 111 case
tin* amendment, of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts should prevail to add to it the very
bill which bad been struck out; that is, the
House bill removing disabilities. The Sen-
ator from Ohio saw no objection. I asked him
the question simply to try how far his own
logic led him. It secined to mo that iny ques-
tion exposed completely the vice of the Sen-
ator's present position. It is absolutely
impossible to contend that, you can unite in
one act the measure requiring but a majority
to pass it and the other measure requiring two
thirds to pass it. If such a hvbrid as* that
should get through both Houses of Congress
without being deservedly lulled, and should
| reach the President, and lie should return it
1 to this body with his veto, upon what part of
I it would his veto operate? In every such
jj ease, one part of such a bill would consist
'i ot 11 measure to remove disabilities, and
l| another part of it would be the bill of the
jj Senator fiom Massachusetts; it would not be
ij proper a's to one part to send the act to the
jj President, as to the other it would be. Yet,
\ sir, it, goes to him as a totality; he deals with
it as a totality; as a totality he vetoes it.
Either his veto operates upon the whole or it
operates upon none.
Yet., sir, the President has 110 right to inter-
fere, not the slightest in my judgment, with
the pardoning power which the fourteenth
amendment vests in Congress; and the only
way, of course, in which he could interfere
would be by his veto. The pardoning power
is as absolute in Congress, under the four-
teenth amendment, as it would have been in
the President but for the provision in the
fourteenth amendment vesting it m Congress.
The only limitation in the worid on the exer-
! cise of the power by Congress is that it shall
j be by a two-thirds vote in each House.
1 me give the Senate a further illustration.
, The Senate has the power to consent to trea-
1 ties sent to it by the President with such
amendments and changes as it sees fit. I(
must act, however, by a two-thirds vote. By
a rule of the Senate treaties are discussed in
secret session, in a session which is confined
to executive business, excluding legislative
business. Now, the Senate has the most com
plete right to change its rules as to treaties
and to hold its session for the consideration
of treaties in public. Now, sir, in such a case
of the Senate meeting in open session to con-
sider a treaty, could any Senator, with even
the thinnest, pretense of areason for bis action
move to strike out the treaty and substitute
for it an ordinary bill? Of course he could
not. Why could he not? Not by reason of
incongruity; not by reason of a want of ger-
maneness, because that is a subject with which
the rules of the Senate have dealt in such a '
manner as to reduce the objection 011 either
of these grounds almost toa nullity. Thereason
and the only reason is that it requires the
exercise of a different order of power in the
Senate from that which is required to deal
with ordinary legislation.
A treaty is legislation, undoubtedly, and it
is legislation of the highest character, because
it is the making of laws which shall regulate
not the relations of man with man, but. the
relations of a Government wit,li a Government
ot a State with a State. Yet it never could
be pretended that the Senate being iu open
session to consider a treaty it would be com-
petent for any Senator to move, or for the
Senate to permit him, to strike Out the treaty
and insert in lieu of it a measure of ordinary
legislation. It is not a question of incongru-
ity ; it is not a question of the application of
the ordinary rules ot' legislative action, because
it is not legislative action.
The objection is that it is a different order
of congressional power, different in its order,
in its sphere, in its nature, so different that
this perhaps is the first time in the history of
this country that the executive power of par-
don has been taken away from the Chief Mag-
istrate and vested in Congress. At least I think
of 110 such case.
The objection I have argued is, to my mind,
amply sufficient.. If the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts were as acceptable to me
on its merits as it is repugnant, I must vote
against it in every stage of its progress through
this body for the reason that it has been sub-
stituted by the action of the Senate for a biil
which it had 110 right to displace. The bill
which came here from the House was a bill
which invoked the pardoning power of the two
Houses of Congress, a power that must be ex-
ercised by a vote ot t"sro thirds in each House ;
a power not of legislation, but of pardon. It
was a measure of executive power reposed in
Congress by the express language of the four-
teenth amendment. My objection is one which
the Sena'e cannot waive by a vote.
When a bill comes here from the House
which is a bill of pardon, the Senate has not
the least right, in my humble judgment—I
speak of course with the greatest respect for
Senators who think otherwise—to step out of
the sphere of executive power, of the pardon-
ing power which that bill invokes, and which
alone it does invoke, to engage in a different
order and sphere of power—that is, the order
and power of making laws.
Upon the grounds which I have stated some-
what imperfectly, which perhaps I might have
stated better bad I been able to go on when I
rose yesterday afternoon, and without reference
even to what I regard as the manifest uncon-
stitutionality of mateiial parts of the meas-
ure, and the immense impolicy of the whole,
I shall vote against the measure of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts in every stage of its
progress. We must keep our pardoning power
separate from our legislative power. No man
can foresee theembarrassmentin which we may
involve ourselves if we permit the two to be
brought into collision or to be mingled with
each other.
