1872.
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
414T
the question of adjournment as we have done
to^ day, and instead of transacting the business
of the country we shall spend our whole time
discussing the question when we shall adjourn.
If we postpone it until Monday week, there
will be an opportunity to complete business;
and I am satisfied there will not be short of
that time. I am perfectly satisfied also that
if we simply rescind the resolution, as pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont, the House
will not acc°pt it. I spent ten years in that
body, and I think I know something of its
temper; and I am perfectly satisfied that after
the remarks which have been made here this
morning you cannot get fifty votes in the House
of Representatives to rescind this resolution.
For one I do not complain of the action of
the House in regard to the formal resolution
of adjournment. When we had sent them a
resolution which was lying on their table for
four months, and then attempted to get an
advantage of them by controlling the day of
adjournment ourselves and asked them to re-
turn our resolution, they acted very properly
in returning it. It is tiue they were a little too
accommodating; they returned ii, but they
returned itwith their own indorsement ; and
they will act upon the same principle again
if we rescind the resolution. Now, to avoid
an extra session, I hope we shall fix Monday
week as the day of adjournment.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 wish to say but two or
three words on this subject. If you fix the
10th of the month for the adjournment, as the
Senator from Minnesota proposes, and carry
the session beyond the Philadelphia conven-
tion, we shall not adjourn here before the 1st
of July, and probably not before the 15th of
July, and the time from now until the lOtli
of June will be occupied to a great extent in
political speeches, and they will have to he
answered, and thus the session will be indefi-
nitely prolonged. That is the inevitable result
of it. On the other hand, if we agree to what
the House hasproposed, fixTuesday, then, if
it become indispensable to have another day,
the House has manifested its willingness to
extend the time as far as the public interests
may require. I hope, therefore, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota will be
voted down.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to lay the amend-
ment to the amendment and the amendment
on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. That carries the resolu-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would
carry the resolution also on the table. The
new rule in regard to amendments to appro-
priation bills disconnects them from the pend-
ing bill; but laying an amendment on the
table, by parliamentary law, lays the whole
subject on the table. Does the Senator insist
on his motion ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. What is the motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The effect of
the motion is to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr. CHANDLER. At the request of friends
around me I withdraw the motion.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I regret, Mr. President,
at this particular moment to detain the Senate
even five minutes, or two minutes, as the case
may be ; but the remarks of my distinguished
friend from Ohio [Mr. Thokman] make it
proper, I think, for me to say a few words. I
know that what he says is always pertinent
and to the point, and made up of good sense
and facts.
Much has been said here on the subject of
adjournment. It is known, as my friend has
well said, that if the session be continued with-
out day we may find ourselves here on the
1st day of July and perhaps beyond that.
He has made known to us why it will be found
thus. Now, I wish it understood in the Senate,
and if understood in the Senate it will be else-
where, that there is a responsibility upon some
party for that action, and I meet my friend
and ask him whether that responsibility is to
be found upon his side of the House or upon
ours; and if upon ours a questionable propo-
sition is presented here all will understand that
the difficulty now surrounding us has been
fastened upon us not by the friends of the Ad-
ministration, but by those that claim to be
Liberal Republicans, and to my mind evi-
dently to place the Administration in an un-
enviable position before the voters of the
American nation, and the friends of the Presi-
dent repel any such idea.
It is very apparent to the Senate that we
should have been ready for adjournment; we
were here night and day—night before last we
were here until three o'clock, working in good
faith for thepurposeofadjourningupon the day
agreed upon; and why are we not enabled to
do so; nay, why are we circumstanced as we
find ourselves to day? Are we thus placed by
the friends of the Administration or by its
enemies? The anomalous situation in which
we are placed is caused by those who claim to
be Republicans. Yes, they use the word
'• Republican." I know that in past days
they have been Republicans, and at proper
periods they were true ones ; but are they such
now? Can you show me a genuine Republi-
can in the Senate or elsewhere who is directly
opposed to the Administration and tothegreat
Republican principles? I say we were getting
ready in good f.uth to adjourn on the day
agreed upon ; but yesterday the distinguished
Senator Scmner, wiih his world-wide fame, and
the distinguished Senator Schcrz, from Mis-
souri, with his European and American fame,
both opened up, as it were, the mighty volcanoes
of Vesuvius and ilitna, and their lava is spread
abroad and cast upon us. Is it to be under-
stood that they are to be permitted to pass off
without an answer? 'No! Well knows my
friend, with his ability, that it is not thus to be
done ; and I for one will sit here for the next
month, nay, I will go deeply into July, before
they shall thus go off with their stocked deck,
if 1 may say so, without cutting in and break-
ing their lead.
We were acting in good faith, as I say, to
adjourn at the time agreed upon, but tiiese
gentlemen came in and supposed that after
they got off these rhetorical efforts we were
going to adjourn immediately! They have
been caught in their own trap. . They had
better have kept their manuscript until a later
day. It was well written, and would have
gone down to posterity in the books with the
efforts of the venerable and distinguished Sen-
ator from Massachusetts who preceded him
that is here now, the great Webster. But,
sir, the great Webster overreached himself;
he acted rather fast and he went down He
was never a successful applicant for the Presi-
dency, and the fate of the present distinguished
Senator [Mr. Sumner] is to be seen in a clear
handwriting upon the wall too plain not to be
understood. The great Webster I loved; I
love his name and lame. I named a son after
hiin; I pride in the name of Massachusetts,
the old free State. But the great Webster
never at any time in the Senate of the United
States, that he so long ant) eminently adorned,
stood forth by word, deed, resolution, or other-
wise but as the constitutional defender and
proud champion of American liberty, and was
for his country without qualification right or
wrong. He espoused the cause of no foreign
nation, charging upon his Government bad
faith. No, sir; he could not have been placed
in any such an attitude. If he could have
said nothing favorable for his country upon
any subject he would have said nothing.
My distinguished friend yesterday was able
to show the shortcomings of the present.Pres-
ident of the United States. Everything was |j
wrong according to him; the great political
questions of the day had all been badly treated ;
but, "I told you so." He told us in elegant,
beautiful language, after resurrecting all the
great men of fame who have passed away, " I
said it would be thus." 1 should like to know
what the great Cajsar, the Massachusetts Sen-
ator, feeds upon. 1 know very well that he
does notexpose himself here to night sessions;
and the course things have taken is very com-
plimentary to him, and_ shows his fine ability,
and makes it look as if we were a parcel of
boys here that he can control at any time.
Anything that he does is in proper order.
Surely, that cannot be gainsaid, and I do not
pretend to do so.
But the other evening when we were re-
quired to stay here with the greatest anxiety
and earnestness to try to get through with our
labors so that we might be able thereby soon
to adjourn, a motion was made to adjourn for
the evening. The distinguished Senator voted
"no," and immediately bundled his papers
under his arm and off he went, and we saw
him no more that night. The rest of us sat
here and worked hard all night until nearly
daylight. Yesterday the Senator comes in
and says, " 1 have got you here now; 1 under-
stand the rules of the Senate; you must git
here and hear me, and take the consequences."
Well, sir, he must suffer the consequences too;
and they are upon him to-day, and not upon
the Republican party. That is the truth of
that matter; and 1 wish the country to know
it, and see the true facts pertainmg to the
matter, and then they will dispose of the mat-
ter as may suit them. The great struggle of
the Massachusetts Senator [Mr. SomnekJ dur-
ing the whole session has been to putdown the
President of the United States, and, if neces-
sary, to sacrifice the great Republican party
that has so recently saved the party and nation.
Then what is the next proposition? Oh,
his friend from Missouri, Senator Schwiz, as a
matter of course, must have the rest of the
day. 'J'hey have had tbeir day. Do they sup-
pose 'hat it is going to be accepted that there
shall be no opportunity of replying to them ?
No, they will be met,; and they will be, as
heretofore, successfully met. The country
will understand that matter. When 1 was a
little boy, and wentto a log-house sehool in Old
Virginia, in the evening, in the very best and
kindliest feeling with my little associates, girls
and boys, with our baskets on our arms, the
great matter was to get the last tag in the even-
ing'samusement. My friend did notgetthelast
tag yesterday evening. [Laughter.] He will
be heard of again, and the question will not
drop there, lie will be fully answered, and
by those that have ample ability to do so, and
those that are more lamiliar with the imme-
diate action of the committee.on the sale of
arms ; but I say in my place that I have seen
nothing in the report that reflects even re-
motely upon the Secretary of War or any
officers of the Government. They come out
unscathed, like Daniel from the lion's den,
and jnst as the President and his officials have
come out in every instance, and, as I believe,
they will continue to do alter all the searching
investigations that have been or may be had.
What has the President done that is prejudicial
to this great nation? I challenge mortal man
to point to the fact; up to this time nothing
has been shown.
To-day 1 have heard my distinguished friend
from Illinois [Mr. Tkcmkull] speaking kindly
and happily of the Republican party. Now,
who is it that does not understand my friend ?
Is he an advocate for the Republican party?
Great changes aie abroad in the land, and he
is one of the Liberals, or Liberal Republicans!
When I hear the word " Liberal" to-day, what
does it remind me of? It reminds me of the
proud old and earlier days of the Republic,
when the lightning did not flash from one end
of the country to the other what the leaders
of the masses, the bright lights of the politi-
cians of the land were doing. At that day the
proud Clay, a name that, I always loved, was
enshrined in the affections of the American
people.
