1.872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3251
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, judging from
the votes which have been taken in the Senate,
it is easy to perceive that there is a majority in
this body for the measure proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts. It was decided
by a vote of the Seriate in the early part of
the session, when the amnesty bill was under
consideration, to adopt the measure of the
Senator from Massachusetts known as the civil
rights bill; but it was known that there were
many Senators on this floor who voted against
it at that time who were in favor and who
avowed themselves to be in favor of the bill of
the Senator from Massachusetts. I canaot
now recall exactly who they were, but I think
both of the Senators from South Carolina an-
nounced that they would vote for the measure
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts
as a separate and distinct bill, but could not
support it as an amendment to the amnesty
bill. Other Senators on this floor announced
that they were in favorof if, but as a separate
and distinct measure. So it seems that from
the beginning of this session there has been no
ttme when a majority of this body were not in
favor ol this amendment or this bill of the
Senator from Massachusetts. Having control
of the business of the Senate, that majority
could upon any day ot' the five months which
have elapsed since the Senate began its ses-
sion have taken up that bill and passed it.
They have never seen proper to do so. It has
always been reserved for the purpose of ob-
structing, delaying, and defeating the amnesty
bill. That seems to have been its only mission.
1 am not prepared to say that the Senator
from Massachusetts designs it for this purpose,
that he has this motive ; but it has always
occurred that whenever the amnesty bill has
been brought forward in the Senate it has
been conlronted by this supplementary civil
rights bill. As the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Hill] say.-!, it. is a remarkable coincidence. It
defeated the amnesty bill when it was under
consideration iu the early part of the session.
It was saddled upon it and the amnesty bill
sank beneaih its weight. Now, when the
amnesty bill is brought forward again, it is
again offered as a substitute for it, and we are
told that, there are still other amnesty bills
upon the table of the Senate upon which we
can act afier we have passed this bill.
Now, Mr. President, if this bill having a
majority of the Senate for its friends could
pass at any time, as is evident from the vote
of the Senate on the former occasion, and the
declarations of numerous Senators who did
not then vote for it; if it could have been
passed heretofore and can be passed now
standing alone and upon its own merits, I ask
why is it that those Senators who profess to
be its friends, who see so much of good in the
measure, have failed to bring it up at any time
except when it was convenient to confront it
with the amnesty bill to destroy the amnesty
bill, and array all the friends of amnesty
against it? I believe that question will be
auswered in the hearts of the people of thib
country. It will be answered in the only way
m which it, seems to me practically an answer
can be given, that this bill has been reserved
to do this office, to delay, cripple, and destroy
the amnesty bill.
Mr. President, I am opposed to the supple-
mentary civil rights bill and to all legislation
of that character. 1 have no doubt that the
Senator from Massachusetts intends by this
hill to benefit the colored race; f have no
doubt he iLinks it will secure to them rights
which would advance and elevate them ; but
Wy j tdgment is that no measure could be
passed by Congress now calculated to injure
tile colore! men more than tins same supple-
mentary evil rights bill. Tnis nation has been
gorged with discussion about the colored men
and their rights. They have had every right
conferred upon them, even to the right of
suffrage when their best friends who voted for
that measure did not claim that they could
appreciate or intelligently use the right of suf-
frage, and when a Senator who voted for the
measure upon the floor yesterday avowed that
they had used it ignorantly, that they had
injured themselves and injured their friends
and the country by the way in which they had
used it. To prove that they have done so, it
is only necessary to go to the southern States
where the suffrage has been given to the blacks,
where they have dominated the whole coun-
try, and see the character of men whom they
Lave put in office, and the destruction they have
brought upon those States, the robbery and
plunder which has grown up by negro suffrage;
how they have been made the instruments of
rapine and of plunder and of demoralization ;
how they have destroyed those who gave lhem
employment, and robbed all the people of
property of the South by legislation iu the
State Legislatures and by officials in the various
counties throughout the southern States. They
have pulled down the temple of prosperity
upon their heads as well as the heads of those
of the white race. They have saddled the
South with two hundred and fifty millions of
debt for which they have nothing on earth to
show. These are the fruits of the suffrage
conferred upon a mass of ignorant, unedu-
cated, semi-barbarous people.
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart]
declared that he urged that they should be
endowed with this right for the purpose of
protecting themselves. It seems to me that
the conferring of this right and the ruin and
devastation which nave followed the exercise
of it on their part have brought down upon
them at the South more hostility than ever
before existed toward them. It has in no
sense benefited or protected them. It has in
every sense injured them and retarded their
progress. In my belief it was not, conferred
upon them for the purpose of protecting ana
defending themselves. It was conferred upon
them in order to give a party majority to those
who conferred that right, to maintain them
in office and in power, and for no other pur-
pose.
Sir, I feel as kindly toward the black
people as does any Senator upon this floor. I
do not yield to any one in friendship toward
that race of people. I have been an emanci-
pationist ever since I came to the years of dis-
cretion, and in a slave-holding State. I took
upon myself their advocacy when it was dan-
gerous to do so from the passions and preju-
dices which existed against them or against
the measure. I believe I have vindicated my
right, to be considered a friend of these people.
If I have not gone to the length of some Sen-
ators on this floor in conferring upon thom
rights for which they were totally unprepared,
which they were utterly incapable of exeieis-
ing for their advantage or for the advantage
ol the countiy, I have simply refused to do it
from my conviction of what was due to the
country itself, and not from any hostility to
the colored people. I have never felt any
hostility to them ; but I never believed it for
their interest, nor for the interest of the coun
try, that they should have rights of this des-
cription conferred upon them when they were
admittedly ineapabie of their exercise. There
is no Senator upon this floor, and no person
thionghout the country, who has the hardi-
hood to assert that these men have the re-
quisite education and experience to exercise
the franchise confi-rred upon them intelli-
gently and judiciously. It was simply a low
and mean political trick to keep power in the
bands of those who conferred the suffrage
upon them, knowing that they were incapable
of its intelligent exercise.
It is not my purpose to go into this question
at length, but to speak somewhat to the par-
ticular phase of the bill offered as a substiiute
for the amnesty bill by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. That bill goes a step fuither.
After we have secured to the negroes by pre-
vious bills the right of suffrage and all the
civil rights which belong to any man, it is now
proposed to give them social rights, to impose
upon the whites of the community the neces-
sity of a close association in all matters with
the negroes. So far from this being a benefit
to the negroes, I consider it, as a measure cal-
culated to inspire still greater distrust and an-
tipathy between them and the whites It is a
measure which is calculated to irritate these
two classes against each other, when it is for
the highest interest of the country that that
feeling of irritation should be effaced alto-
gether.
This is a measure to compel the black and
the white to stop at the same hotels, to ride
in the same conveyances, to go to the same
schools, to go to the same churches, and even
in the last aet of humanity, in going to the
grave, to be buried side by side. I can see
nothing in this that gives any substantial ben-
efit to the blacks. Upon the railroads pro-
vision is made, or might be made, for separate
cars for them. They can have their own
hotels, and separate schools. The white chil-
dren can no more be compelled to enter
schools in which black children are being
taught than the blacks can enter those in
which the whites are being taught, and the
discrimination is as much against one as the
other. But I believe it is in accordance with
good policy to keep them separate and apart.
1 do not believe in associating these two races
together any more closely than they are or
have been.
Why, sir, let me refer to the policy of the
Government with respect to the Indians as late
as 1866. We find by solemn treaty, which was
confirmed by two thirds of this body, that a
certain portion of the country was pet apart to
certain of the Indian tribes to beheld inviolate
for them. The presence of white men as
residents wa's totally prohibited. They were
not allowed even to trade with them except
by sanction of the Government of the United
States itself. So far has this policy been car-
ried out and maintained even to the present
day, that, these Indians, the Cherokees, Chick-
asaws and Choctaws, who had been slave-
holders, were authorized under that treaty to
set apart a particular portion of the teiritory
assigned to them for the use of their negroes
if they declined to have them incorporated in
the same community with themselves. They
were authorized by the Government of the
United States under this treaty to set apart a
portion of the teriitory which had been as-
signed to them for the separate and sole use
ot the negroes who had formerly been their
slaves if they should see proper to decide for
themselves that they should be separated from
thetn instead of being incorporated in the same
body with themselves. Recently the ln tians
have made that decision and have decided that
a part of the country should be set apart for
the negroes. It is a singular circumstance
that those very Indians were themsplves in the
confederate army. If the emancipation and
elevation of the negroes belonging to the
southern people was intended as a punish-
ment, for the.r crime in making the war of the
rebellion, as it is called, the Congress of the
United States saw proper to act very differ-
ently toward the Cherokee and Choctaw In-
dians, although they were as much involved in
the crime of rebellion is the southern white
people were.
I refer to this simply to show that, thatis the
policy acted upon by Congress up to the pres-
ent moment with regard to the lndi.ins iu set-
ting apart a country for thern, and allowing
them to set apart a portion of that country for
the negroes who had belonged to them as
s'aves. So that the policy which seems to
find favor wiih a majority of the Senate, the
policy of having mixed schools, o! drawing
c'oser and cloterthe association of tlie negro
with the white people, does not s-eem to he the
policy which it is thought proper to pursue
toward the Indians, who are allowed -to re-
