1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Rlux Act—Mr. Stevenson.
Senate.
just governments directly responsible to the
people and resting on their consent. Consent
as a principle of government is inconsistent
with arbitrary power in its administration.
The great problem of success in all free gov-
ernments consists in its efficiency to exact
ready obedience to law and yet command the
confidence, consent, and affection of the gov-
erned. Such consent can never flow from
injustice or wrong. Its continuance rests on
the continued free assent of the governed. The
nations of the Old World fail in their efforts
for free government because " they are not
habituated to the restraints of the law self-
imposed ; they are not habituated to subordin-
ate their will of the moment to the calm judg-
ment which has foreseen and provided for the
exigencies of every danger. They fail because
the law of necessity is above the law of the
land, and they leave a discretion which is des-
potism to provide for the emergencies of the
moment."
The fathers of our Constitution sought in
a written constitution to secure every right
which the people had wrested from power in a
contest of ages. Such securities for liberty
were embodied in that instrument which wis-
dom and experience demonstrated to be neces-
sary. Time testifies to their wisdom and judg-
ment; for even the guarantees declared to be
inviolable are now, after a lapse of nearly a
century, sought to be avoided and disregarded.
Never until the dominant party took pos-
session of the Government was an open and
defiant spoliation of the Constitution ever
attempted. For a period pf seventy years the
writ of habeas corpus was never suspended by
Congress. Eveu in 1861, when the late civil
war assumed such terrific proportions, when
half a million brave men met in deadly con-
flict, when the energies of the nation were
exerted for its self-preservation and unity ;
even ill that dark hour Congress neither sus-
pended the writ of habeas corpus absolutely,
nor delegated to President Lincoln the discre-
tionary power to do so. Who doubts that the
public safety was then in peril? How should
the forbeaiance of that Republican Congress
amid the perils of 18G1 admonish their suc-
cessors to night of the proposed violation
of the Constitution which their proposed
measure inaugurates I It is true, however,
that Mr. Lincoln did suspend habeas corpus
and declare martial law in 1861 without the
assent of Congress. You remember, Mr.
President, what censure and criticism such
action evoked. Instantly the bugle notes of
alarm and warning rang loudly through the
land, and among those who openly charged
the President with a violation of the Consti-
tution was the late Henry Winter Davis, the
Harry Percy of the Republican faith. Hear
him:
" Why. what is martial law ? If they mean the
direction of military power against armed opposi-
tion, the direction of the military power to dispel
military resistance, why do not they use the language
of the Constitution and speak of 'calling out the
miiita to suppress the insurrection?' But if they
use the words 'martial law/ men of the sword will
interpret it in the only sense in which it is known
to the history of the world; and Wellington has
defined it, 'It is the will of the commander-in-
chief/ Unless it is the perpetual law of the Re-
public it cannot be enacted by him, nor declared
by him, nor deolared by anybody that he may au-
thorize to declare it, because the Constitution says—
and this is a war for the Constitution as well as the
Onion—the Constitution says that 'all legisla-
tive power herein granted is vested in Congress/
Then the President cannot proclaim it. Can Con-
gress proclaim it? Why, what is martial law?
Mere will, limited by no definition; controlled by
nothing oxcept thewili of the commander-in-cbief;
his discretion under the circumstances; his determ-
ination to allow and forbid anything; the right to
judge people by court-martial; the right to order
men to be shot down by a file of soldiers for wearing
a red and white cravat; the right to disregard tho
limits of the Constitution. It is blind fate. It is
enacted at the dictation of necessity, and necessity
knows no law. It is proclaimed in the name of the
public safety ; it is the annihilation of every guar-
antee of the public liberty. With us our Constitution,
framed by George Washington, is the great safe-
guard of the country. The safety of the people is
the supreme law; hut that Constitution is that
supreme^ law. Abovo it there is no necessity; beyond
it there is no law; outside of it there is no security.
That Constitution does not use the word martial
law. It does not vest authority to declare martial
law anywhore.in anybody under any circumstances.
It professes to provide for every necessity of national
life, and it forbids martial law; for it forbids arbi-
trary^ trials, it forbids any conviction for crime but
by a jury—any trial but before judges and courts it
has provided; yet martial law has tried freemen for
treason by a court-martial. It forbids arbitrary
confiscation of property, yet martial law has already
executed arbitrary confiscations. It forbids arbitrary
invasions of the right of personal freedom; yet men
who had offended against no law, now are held by
martial law, and in spite of the law of the land.
Yet the Constitution has not overlooked grave
crises, such as we are now passing through. It pro-
vides under proper sanctions and proper limitations
for such emergencies; but it carefully forbids this
arbitrary _ discretion which British freemen found
incompatible with their safety in the hands of the
king, and which our fathers knew would be fatal to
our liberty in the hands of the President, and too
dangerous to be intrusted even to the discretion of
Congress. They knew what martial law was, for
they rebelled against it as their English ancestors
had.
" Martial law is not now for the first time supposed
to be necessary; it has been often imposed under
that pretext in the old home of liberty, and there
it has been repealed by arms and forbidden by laws
written in royal blood. Martial law had been thought
necessary to prevent the dispersion of papal bulls
or traitorous libels against the queen. It had been
thought necessary for the suppression of sundry
great unlawful assemblies that such notable rebel-
lious persons be speedily suppressed by execution
of death, according to the justice of martial law;
and Charles I had thought it necessary for his pur-
poses to issue commissions to try not only soldiers,
but other dissolute persons who might commit mur-
der or other outrage or misdemeanor whatever—just
as Fremont thought it necessary for the auiet of
Missouri to suppress such outrages—by the justice
of martial law. But the Commons of England, by
the Petition of Right, compelled the revocation of
such commissions, atid forbade them for the future,
because no man ought to be 'judged to death but
by the laws established in the realm.' And our
fathers were fresh in this history when they formed
our Constitution and incorporated among its solemn
enactments these great prohibitions of arbitrary
power which is the spirit of martial law.
" The Commons of England had prohibited to the
Crown the arbitrary right to seize the property of
the subject, or withdraw his personal liberty from
the cognizance of the courts even on a commitment
by the special command of the king, or to try him
by commission of martial law, ooutrary to the laws
of the land ; and our fathers took from that petition
their great safeguards, and placed them beyond and
above even the legislative will of Congress."
At a still later period—upon 2d March,
1865, in the House of Representatives, Henry
Winter Davis continued to denounce the
alarming usurpations of military commissions
in inter derogation of the Constitution. Listen,
Senators, to his warning. He belonged to
your political household of faith:
"If these things be not arrested there is no law
but the sword—no j udge but the military commission,
holding their commission at the will of the Pres-
ident."
Again:
"The party which tolerates or defends them
must'destroy itself or the Republic."
Shall I recall to the Senate the narrow es-
cape of Bowles and Milligan in the loyal State
of Indiana? With the courts open, and the
operation of the law unobstructed, a military
commission in utter defiance and contempt of
the Constitution arrested these two citizens,
usurped jurisdiction to try them, found them
guilty, and sentenced them to death. Have we
not heard to-night from the Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Morton] that these innocent men
would have been executed but for a noble
humanity which prompted him to intercede
with the President, who was induced to com-
mute the death sentence to imprisonment for
years. Fortunately the Supreme Court of the
United States, through the beneficent privilege
of habeas corpus sued out by the condemned
prisoners, released them from their imprison-
ment by a judicial sentence that the military
commission who tried them were usurpers
and their judgment a nullity.
Mr. President, in the year 1782, Joseph Wall,
Governor of the British colony at Goree, in
Africa, suspecting a mutiny was about to bro^k.
out among the British soldiers of bis com-
mand, assembled them on the parade ground,
held a cousultatiou with his officers and or-
dered Ben Armstrong, a private, who was
supposed to be a ringleader, to be seized,
stripped, tied to the wheel of an artillery car-
riage, and to receive eight hundred lashes.
The order was executed, and Armstrong died
from his punishment. Twenty years after-
ward, Governor Wall was arrested, tried, and
convicted before the highest civil court in
England for the murder of Ben Armstrong.
Sir Archibald McDonald, lord chief baron
of the court of exchequer, Sir Goulden Law-
rence, of the king's bench, and Sir Giles
Roche, of the common pleas, constituted the
court. It was urged by the defense that during
a mutiny the public necessity authorized Wall
as Governor to suspend the forms of law, and
empowered him as commander-in-chief of the
forces at Goree, to judge of the necessities of
the case. Wall was executed. What a tri-
umph of constitutional liberty 1 What a tri-
umph of law I Were the military commission
who usurped the power of life and death over
Milligan and Bowles, had they suffered death,
to be tried before an American court, would
they not have deserved Wall's fate? When
the war closed the people of the South desired
to render a hearty support to the Federal Gov-
ernment. There was nothing but kindness and
peace between the races in spite of the changed
condition wroughtby the war, and a cheerful
support was promptly rendered by the southern
people to the enforcement of the law through-
out the South. Look to the report of Presi-
dent Grant made upon the existing condition
of affairs of the South at that time in full sup-
port of my statement. Or if higher authority
be wanted read the speech of the honorable
Senator from Indiana himself, [Mr. Morton,]
made at Richmond, Indiana, in September,
18G5, upon which my friend the Senator from
Ohio commented at such length to-night. And
yet what has been the course of the Republi-
can party toward the southern States? You
have turned a deaf ear to their cry for fraternal
assistance against the outrages, crimes, and
maladministration of the government placed
over them without their consent. You have
refused to listen to and declined to investigate
the charges of the best people in the South,
that imported Governors were robbing their
State treasuries, crushing the State with debts
of fearful magnitude, spoliating their State
resources, blighting their energies, and by
appealing to the cupidity and superstition of
the colored people were exciting hatred and
discord between the races which would result
in mischief.
When they have implored Congress to govern
them by former laws enacted by themselves,
save so far as the progress of events demanded
alteration, you have continued, in the language
of oue of your distinguished Republican lead-
er's, "the wretched examples of the most
odious governments the world has ever seen,
and propose to stain the national triumph by
creating a low, wretched, vulgar, corrupt, and
cowardly oligarchy to govern the free men of
the U nited States—the national arms to guar-
anty and enforce their oppressions. When
they would have lent themselves to a res-
toration of peace by taking part in the Govern-
ment, you refused them amnesty and excluded
them from office."
The Senator from Indiana asks why the
South did not.in 1866 or 1867 return loyal meti
■as her Representatives? Was not Judge
Sharkey a loyal man ? Did he not resist the
rebellion? Was he not a Union man in the
broadest sense during the darkest- hours of
that conflict? Old and venerable as he was,
honored for his learning, revered!, for his vir*
