1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2355
political opponents laugh at your affected
virtue, and gleefully help to fasten an amend-
ment on this bill that shall proclaim your
contempt for your party and those who hum-
bly labor to give it success. They know, as
every man of sense knows, that you are accept-
ing a name for a thing; a few glittering phases
for solid results. This poor, shabby scheme
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
so truthfully describes, while he does not fol-
low his ideas to a logical result, is only a
shadow that cheats and deceives, and in noth-
ing more than in the idea that a national
political party can live and administer the
Government by means of those opposed to
its principles.
I say, and I say it boldly, that the element
of politics enters into the question of incum-
bency of office, and should do so. I am not
ashamed of the Republican party, or its poli-
tics or politicians. I believe enough able and
honest and straightforward Republicans can
be found to fill every office in the land. They
are not the 'worse, but better, for taking an
interest in the success of our principles.
Whether we succeed, as 1 believe we will,
in carrying the coming presidential election,
or whether a different party succeeds in elect-
ing an Administration, I believe the party
which succeeds has the right to select from its
own ranks, when there are vacancies to fill, in
order to carry out the purposes of the Govern-
ment, and that there is as much propriety in
considering politics in filling the lower offices
as there is in considering them in electing men
to the presidential chair or to seats on this
floor.
I have yet clearly defined in my mind
that there is merit in patriotism. 1 prefer,
other things being equal, a manjpho stood by
the country in its deadly struggle to a man
who stood against it. I believe that the loyal
element of the country can furnish men not
excelled by the disloyal for the public service.
If the party that fostered rebellion pushes us
from our stools, I am willing they should take
all the offices, as I know they will, whatever
rales may now be prescribed, and test their
theories fully, in order that they may be sooner
condemned by the sober second thought of the
people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BIGGS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the amend-
ments of the Senate to a bill (H. R. No. 1060)
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of Rev.
Henry Shedd and others, citizens of Morrow
county, Ohio, relating to the famine in Persia,
and asking that relief be afforded.
By Mr. BRAXTON: The petition of .lames
H. Skinner, asking to have his political dis-
abilities removed.
By Mr. BUNNELL: The petition of W.
P. Carroll and 152 others, citizens of Minne-
sota, asking the passage of House bill No.
1738.
Also, the petition of George S. Ballard and
40 others, citizens of Minnesota, for the same
object.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of Perry Andress and 80 others, citizens
of Antrim county, Michigan, asking Congress
to order a survey of six townships which were
never surveyed.
By Mr. HALSEY: The remonstrance of
Conrad Haidle,_ of Newark, New Jersey,
against a reduction of duty on earthenware
and drain-pipes.
Also, the remonstrance of Robert Atchison
and others, of Newark, New Jersey, against
a reduction of duty on earthenware and drain-
pipes.
By Mr. LOWE: The memorial of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in reference to a new judicial
district.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of stoneware
manufacturers, asking an increase of duty on
stoneware.
By Mr. PACKER: The petition of H. T.
McAlister, of Pennsylvania, asking the adop-
tion by Congress of his patented method of
voting in legislative bodies.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petition
of William A. Shimoneck, asking a bounty as
a soldier in the late war.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of Cardiff
Tagart, of Baltimore, praying the settlement
of the French spoliation claims.
By Mr. WALDEN : The petition of William
H. Sallada and 282 others, citizens of Mon-
roe, Towa, asking that increased pensions be
granted to blind and disabled Union soldiers
of the late war.
By Mr. WALDRON : The petition of E. J.
Penniman and 50 others, citizens of Plymouth,
Michigan, in favor of the passage of House bill
No. 1738, providing for increase of pensions
to disabled soldiers.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 11, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. Chester, of Cincinnati,
Ohio.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. COLE. I move that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with, in order
that at the close of the morning business I
may move to proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 49, which has been up once or
twice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the reading had
better not be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts objects.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
presidio reservation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
lay before the Senate a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in response to a resolution of the
Senate of the 28th of February, communicat-
ing the number of acres contained in the Pre-
sidio reservation near San Francisco, how
much of it is needed for military purposes,
and its probable value. As the Senator from
California [Mr. Cole] may desire to bring up
the bill on that subject, perhaps it might be
reported in full now. It is quite brief.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have it reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"\Yar Department. April 10,1872.
The Secretary of War has the honor to answer the
resolution of the United States Senate of the 28th
of February, requesting information as to the num-
ber of acres contained in the Presidio military res-
ervation, near San Francisco; how much of the
same is needed for military purposes, and how much
the portion not needed is worth, by inviting atten-
tion to the inclosed report of the chicf of engineers,
which answers as much in detail as possible the
above inquiry. _
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of IVrn .
Office of the Chief of Bnginekbs.
Washington, D. C., March 8,1872.
Sir : In reply to Senate resolution of the 28th of
February, 1872, concerning the Presidio military
reservation, I have the honor to report that the
reservation contains fifteen hundred and forty-one
acres.
That for the sole and exclusive use of the perma-
nent fortifications at and about Fort Point an ex-
tent of three hundred acres is needed.
That for the sole and exclusive use of the military
establishments of the Presidio barracks about one
hundred acres are needed.
The remainder of the reservation is not needed
for immediate military uses, but will be required
whenever war is actual or imminent, for earth-
works and temporary fortifications to defend the
rear of open batteries at Fort Point.
This Department has not the information upon
which it can base any accurate valuation of the
lands of this military reservation. It is stated in a
report of the board of engineers for the Pacific coast,
dated February 9,1870, that the whole reservation is
worth two or more million dollars.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. a. HUMPHREYS.
Brigadier General and Chief of Engineers.
Hon. W.W.Belknap, Secretary of War.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter will
be laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
house bill referred.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that House bill
No. 827 be taken from the table and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves that the bill (H. R. No. 827)
to authorize the construction of bridges across
the Ohio river, and to prescribe the dimensions
of the same, which was laid on the table tem-
porarily last month at the suggestion of the
absent Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,]
be taken from the table, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
st. croix and superior railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as the
second committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
bill (S. No. 565) to extend the time to the
State of Wisconsin to complete a road from
Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior, Messrs.
Howe, Hamlin, and Stevesson.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Samuel W. Cockreli, of Greene county, Ala-
bama, praying to be relieved of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I send to
the desk to be read a resolution introduced in
the constitutional convention of West Virginia
by Mr. Willey, a former member of this body,
asking that all political disabilities be removed
from persons in West Virginia. I ask that it
be read, without the name or the votes, as it
is very short.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
State of West Virginia,
Constitutional Convention,
Chaklestown, March 30,1872.
Mr. Willey offered the following resolutions:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this convention,
without distinction of parties, the time has come
when it would be wise and judicious that all polit-
ical disabilities, growing out of any connection with
the late civil war, should cease in West Virginia;
and our Senators and Representatives in the Con-
gress of the United States are hereby requested to
use their influence in securing the passage of an
act of Congress removing all such disabilities.
Resolved, That copies of the foregoing resolu-
tion, with the ayes and noes recorded_ on the vote
thereon, be transmitted by the president <>f the
convention to our Senators and Jtepresentatives m
Congress, to be laid before the House to which they
respectively belong.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be referred to the Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from West Virginia if that con-
vention in its constitution has made any dis-
tinction on account of color?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. 1 have not
seen the constitution; but Mr. Willey appears
to think not. This resolution was introduced
