2356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
by Mr. "Willey and passed by the unanimous
vote of all parties without distinction.
Mr. STEWART. I have seen some state-
ment of that kind. I merely wanted to ask
the question.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. A single
word 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the re-
ception of the resolution is objected to, it is
not subject to debate; it is referred at once as
soon as introduced, unless objected to, under
the twenty-fourth rule. Does the Senator de-
sire unanimous consent to make a further
statement?
Mr/ DAVIS, of AVest Virginia. No, sir ; I
can do it at some future time if necessary. I
move that the resolution be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented a memorial of the
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, ask-
ing a donation of the right of way through
the public lands, and also alternate sections
of the same; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. COLE. I will present a bill 011 the
same subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Bills are not yet
in order.
Mr. COLE. I ask unanimous consent to take
up a bill, subject to the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions being
in order, the Senator from California asks
unanimous consent to call up a bill subject to
the morning business. Is there objection?
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to present a peti-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has priority.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
Levi S. Russell, of Chatham county, Georgia,
praying the removal of his political disabil-
ities ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,- presented the
petition of Henry W. Golder, late second lieu-
tenant of company K, twenty-eighth regiment
Maine volunteers, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask unanimous
consent to put on its passage a little bill to
incorporate a soldiers' and sailors' asylum, to
be under the charge of General Burnside and
a few other eminent gentlemen. I could not
bring it up the other day, when bills from the
Committee on Military Affairs were consid-
ered, because it was not printed. I think no
Senator will oppose it. It is a bill (S. No.
935) incorporating a National Soldiers' and
Sailors' Orphans Industrial Training Asso-
ciation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is it to be located ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are three
Senators on the floor with petitions. If the
Senator from Massachusetts will wait until
reports are called for, the Chair will ask unan-
imous consent for him then.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
Mr. PRATT. I present what purports to
be a petition of citizens of Utica, county of
La Salle, Illinois, engaged in the manufacture
of earthen, stoneware, and clay drain and"
sewer-pipes, chimney-tops and flues, and other
wares of clay, respectfully remonstrating
against the proposed reduction of the duty on
earthenware or stoneware. The petition is
all printed, and the signatures are printed.
I know nothing about its genuineness. I move
its reference to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying for the
passage of House bill No. 1738, allowing
totally and partially disabled soldiers and sea-
men increased pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
_ Mr. TIPTON presented two petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, late officers and sol-
diers of the United States Army, praying for
an equalization of bounties and bounty lands ;
which were referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Henry A.
Buell, publisher of the Arago, of Richardson
county, Nebraska, asking that section one
hundred and sixty-two of the postal code bill
be so amended that persons known as regular
publishers and dealers in newspapers and
periodicals may receive by mail such quanti-
ties of either as they may require, in bulk,
whether wholly or in part printed, and pay the
postage thereon as received at the same rates
pro rata as regular subscribers to publications
weighing four ounces who pay quarterly in
advance ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads._
Mr. KELLOGG presented a petition of citi-
zens of Louisiana, praying Congress to extend
over the entire State of Louisiana the provis-
ions of the act entitled "An act to enforce the
rights of the citizens of the United States to
vote in the several States of the Union, and
for other purposes," approved February 28,
1871; which was referred to the Committee on
Privileges and Elections.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Kirkland, Chase & Co., E. Levering & Co.,
and twenty-three other merchants and firms in
the city of Baltimore, Maryland,
_
the subject of the repeal of the duties on tea
and coffee may be speedily acted upon, as their
business has been, and is continuing to be,
injured by delay; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of H. L.
Wbitridge, Hugh Jenkins & Co., and sixteen
others, of Baltimore city, Maryland, dealers
in and importers of coffee and tea, asking that
the repeal of the duties may go into effect im-
mediately ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Chesnut,
Townsend & Co., and seventeen others, in the
city of Baltimore, praying that their interest
may be protected as dealers and jobbers in
tobacco; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CONKLING presented a memorial of
ship-owners, ship-masters, and others, inter-
ested in shipping, remonstrating against tho
passage of the bill now pending before Con-
gress entitled "An act creating a board of
shipping commissioners for the merchant
marine;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of William
McCarrick, praying to be paid arrears of
bounty ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
James A. Walker, of Pulaski county, Virginia,
an«l of William J. Baker, of Norfolk, Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of New Hampshire, remonstrating against
the extension of A. B. Wilson's patent on
sewing machines; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
He also presented a memorial of manufac-
turers and merchants of Brooklyn, New York,
remonstrating against the extension of A. B.
Wilson's patent for sewing-machines; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. STEVENSON presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Kentucky, in relation to
a uniform tax on tobacco by the Federal Gov-
ernment ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of tobacco
manufacturers _ and dealers of Kentucky, in
favor of a uniform tax of twenty cents per
pound on all kinds and grades of manufactured
tobacco ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. By direction of the Com-
mittee on Pensions I report adversely on the
petition of Rev. Ryland T. Dillard for a pen-
sion, upon the ground that he has no evidence
at all except his own personal recollection.
While we are not inclined to question his sin-
cerity, we find it impossible to lay down any
principle upon which we can grant pensions
upon the mere recollection of the applicants
themselves, and we have frequently reported
adversely on similar claims.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 746) granting a pension to the
widow of the late Admiral Farragut, of $2,000
a year, or some large sum, to report it back,
stating that the committee has always found
itself unable to do that sort of thing, and I
ask that we may be discharged from it. The
question of granting her a sum of money is
one that properly belongs to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. Of course everybody recog-
nizes the great services and preeminent capa-
city of Admiral Farragut, and if it is a proper
case within any principle upon which the Gov-
ernment can act, (as I do not say it is not,) it
is a matter for the Naval Committee to con-
sider in the way of giving her some gross sum.
I therefore recommend that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The Committee on Pensions was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill, and
it was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
Committee on Pensions to report adversely
upon the petition of Karl Mook, indorsed as a
petition, praying the payment of arrears of
pension. I find on examination that it is not
a prayer forjftrears of pension, but it sets forth
that a sertain sum is due to him for arrears of
pay which, from the accounts in the Second
Auditor's office, has been drawn by some per-
son while this claimant was in Andersonville
prison, and it seems he is unable to get any
information from the Second Auditor's office,
according to his statement, to have it looked
up. I move its reference to the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which it properly belongs,
and I ask that committee to try to see that this
poor man may have the Department sufficiently
good-natured to see that he has justice, and
that the truth is searched out for him. They
do not seem to have treated him very well, 1
must say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Pensions will be discharged, and the peti-
tion will be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I report back from the
Committee on Pensions what purports to be
a petition of Joseph Fiedler, praying to be
allowed a pension. On looking at it it ap-
pears to be a letter to my honorable friend, the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] which
was sent by him to the committee, inadvert-
ently no doubt, referring to the subject of a
pension which appears to be pending in the
House of Representatives. We ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I also report adversely
from the same committee the petition of
James Johnson asking for a pension, on the
ground that it appears from his own state-
ment, supposing it to be true, that his proper
place of redress is at the Pension Office, to
which he does not seem to have applied. We
therefore ask to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same committee to report adversely on the
petition of William H. Nessle, praying to be
allowed arrears of pension, for the reasons
heretofore stated.
The committee was discharged from the
farther consideration of the petition.
