1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
are able to converse in it freely, and no doubt
read it. They will certainly be able to get all
the information necessary trom the books we
have already published. They will, of course,
be able to digest those books and get the spe-
cific information they may desire at any time.
I think this is a useless appropriation.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask a question in
reference to the proposition relating to the
civil service commission. Will an amendment
to repeal the law appointing that commission
be germane to that amendment when the bill
comes into the Senate? Must I give notice
of such a proposition? I understand there is
a provision in the bill to appropriate $50,000
for that commission.
Mr. COLE. I did not hear the Senator from
Illinois. Thetalking on this side of the Cham-
ber is so much louder than his that 1 was not
able to hear his inquiry:
Mr. LOGAN. I came in the Chamber a
moment ago and the discussion then was in
reference to the appropriation for the civil ser-
vice commission. I want to know whether an
amendment to repeal the law appointing that
commission will be germane to the amend-
ment already adopted, when the bill comes
into the Senate, and I should like to have an
answer to that question.
Mr. POMEROY. When the bill is reported
to the Senate the question will be oil concur-
ring in the amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. The Senator can reach it
if he excepts this particular amendment when
we come to concur in the amendments in the
Senate.
Mr. COLE. I suppose a motion to refuse
to concur in the amendment adopted in com-
mittee, if carried, will open the door to the
proposition the Senator from Illinois suggests,
it not being an amendment asking an appro-
priation.
Mr. LOGAN. While I am on the floor, I
merely wish to slate that I have no desire to
discuss the question at all; but from the work-
ings of this commission and its operations
under the rules adopted, it strikes me if civil
service reform was intended this is the wrong
way to get at it. Although I am as much in
favor ot a roform in the eivil service as any-
body, I am not in favor of it in that way, iu
the mannerin which they propose. My theory
is that if the Congress of the United States
determine to have this reform they should do
it by law, prescribing themselves the rules
that are to be followed. I do not think this
commission is following out the intention of
the law by any means. I think from the man-
ner in which it is organized it is a humbug.
The faut that one ol' the commissioners ap-
pointed to regulate the eivil service was one
of the first men appointed to office without
being examined under the rules shows and
proves to the country, or ought to do so, that
the whole thing is a humbug under these rules;
and I am opposed to appropriating any money
to this commission; but if Congress should
adopt a proper iaw on the subject I might not
be so much opposed to that. That is the rea-
son 1 asked the question of the Chair. I
desire to offer an amendment to the proposi-
tion to repeal the law under which tins com-
mission has been appointed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will answer the Senator. If the Senator offers
an amendment in committee, the Chair will
entertain the amendment, but ho cannot now
say what, course will be taken until the Sena-
tor pioposes his amendment iu the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. We are not in the Senate
now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No; we are
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LOGAN. I will withhold it then for
the present.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say to my friend
from Illinois that he will find a hundred pre-
cedents that will justify him when we come
into the Senate in moving to strike out this
amendment and -put in its place a section
repealing the law.
Mr. LOGAN. That is what I desired to
know, whether I could do that or not.
Mr. COLE. Now I appeal to the Senate to
allow the bill to be reported to the Senate, and
then of course it will be open to further amend-
ment.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. On page 36, after line eight hundred
and seventy, I move to insert the following:
That the Secretary of the Troasury be, and he is
horeby, directed, within six months after the pas-
sage of this act, to remove or sell, at his discretion,
the machinery and ail the movable property belong-
ing to the United States now in the buildiug and
grounds heretofore occupied by the United States
as a branch mint, situate in theoity of New Orleans,
and bounded by Esplanade street, Barracks street,
Levee street, and the public road, and to surrender
to the authorities of the said oity of New Orleans
the building and grounds above described: Provided,
Ttiat tbe Secretary of the Treasury may within six
months af*er the passage of this act cause the branch
mint at New Orleans to be reestablished for the
coinage of gold, silver, and nickel, in which case
'this act shall be void.
I desire to say a word or two in explanation
of this amendment.
Mr. COLE. 1 was going to raise a point
of order on the amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will hear it.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator has some re-
marks to make upon it I will not do it now.
Mr. KELLOGG. Not at all. I preferthat
the point should be made now. It will save
time.
Mr. COLE. This amendment has not been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. It does not make any
appropriations.
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer this amendment
from tho Committee on Commerce: and I
do not think my friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, will be able to
strangle it so easy as he seems to imagine he
can. My friend from California has been emi-
nently successful, I notice, in summarily dis-
posing of two or three amendments of more
or less merit offered by different Senators;
but this one, I apprehend, has not only merit,
but it comes 1 submit clearly under the rule.
First, it proposes to make no appropriation
in terms; and second. I offer it under instruc-
tion from tho Committee on Commerce.
Mr. President, I desire to say in explana-
tion of this amendment that the branch mint
at New Orleans was established by act of March
8,1835, and continued until some time in 1861,
when, owing to the war, it of course ceased
operations. It has never since been revived
or reestablished, although during the space of
some twenty years before the war more than
seventy million dollars was coined at that
mint—metal produced from North and South
Carolina, from Alabama, Georgia, Mexico,
and California.
A few days since the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Pool] was so successful, I am
glad to say, as to prevent the clause to which
this is an amendment being stricken from this
bill, and was able to secure an assay office.
Had the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee been adopted, the branch mint now
existing at Charlotte, North Carolina, would
have ceased to exist even as an assay office.
This, sir, is the only semblance of a mint left
in the South. The Senate, exercising, aa I
think, a sound judgment, determined to leave
the mint as an assay office at Charlotte, North
Carolina, and made an appropriation to that
end. Now the whole amount of metal coined
at the mint in Charlotte, North Carolina, for
more than twenty years was only about five
millions, while during the same length ot'time,
as 1 have stated, the amount coined at fhe
branch mint in New Orleans was over seventy
millions. If I made no other point than this,
that the Senate having determined that the
branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina,
shall be maintained, for lhat reason alone
they should permit the mint at New Orleans
to be reestablished and continued, and also
make an appropriation sufficient to that end,
when it is considered that the latter coined
seventy millions against five millions coined
during the same time at the mint in North
Carolina.
I do not know, sir, thatl have a more forci-
ble reason to offer, but I will follow the same
channel of reasoning pursued by my honor-
able friend from North Carolina upon a single
point as an additional reason why this amend-
ment should be adopted. My friend stated
that the mint at Charlotte cost $83,000, and
if it was abolished $83,000 would be sacrificed
that the Government practically owned at this
moment and could retain by continuing the
mint. Sir, the mint at New Orleans cost in
the aggregate $588,812, and by the express
provision of the deed of cession made by the
city to the United States it was expressly pro-
vided that—
" Should it hereafter
I quote from the deed—
" be deemed necessary by the Government of the
United States to remove the mint contemplated to
be established as aforesaid, or cease to occupy it for
such purposes, then this act to be null and void."
It was urged by my friend from North Caro-
lina that the Government should continue the
branch mint at Charlotte, among other rea-
sons, because it would retain property worth
$83,000, as the architect of the Treasury
Department reports. Then I insist by parity
of reasoning that the branch mint in New
Orleans should be retained because it cost more
than five hundred and eighty-eight thousand
dollars, which, by continuing the mint, will be
retained by the Government; otherwise, under
the operation of the condition contained in
the grant, this property must revert to the
city.
It is for these reasons that I urge this amend-
ment in addition to the fact that considerable
importation of the precious metals is coming,
or likely soon to come, into the port of New
Orleans from Sonora, Chihuahua, and other
departments of Mexico by way of El Paso and
Eagle Pass, and also by steamers and sailing
vessels from Tampico, Vera Cruz, and other
ports on the Gulf of Mexico. This importa-
tion of precious metals is likely soon to attain
considerable magnitude. Before the war for
many years it was deemed quite sufficient to
justify the Government iu maintaining a
branch mint ; and when the steamship line
proposed by the bill upon your Calendar is
established, as I trust it soon will be, between
New Orleans, Vera Cruz, and other Mexican
and Spanish-American ports, and when a more
liberal system of commercial intercourse is
established with those countries south of us
which produce precious metals, and which
will, as soon as they are once brought into
commercial relations with us, exchange their
precious metals for our products, there will be
quite as great, indeed much greater necessity
for a branch mint at New Orleans than at any
time heretofore.
Now, sir, I ask as a matter of common
justice that this amendment be adopted. Let
me say to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations that this amendment in the form
of a bill was before the Committee on Com-
merce, and reported by that committee at the
last session, when it passed the Senate and
failed in the House. This session it has again
been reported from the Committee on Com-
merce. Thus, sir, this bill comes indorsed by
the Committee on Commerce, and it seems to
me in common justice, for the reasons I have
given and others that might be urged, this
amendment should be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The pro-
viso to this amendment, I take it, is all that
the Senator from Louisiana desires to have
passed ; but Senators will notice by the read-
ing of the amendment, notwithstanding his
elaborate speech in behalf of the mint at New
