8252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
main in separate communities, nor even toward
the negroes and Indians, who are allowed to
separate themselves and have different com-
munities and different territories set apart for
them.
Now, Mr. President, with respect to this
policy, I confess that so far from being in favor
of this supplementary civil rightsbill, so called,
so far from believing it to be any advantage
either to the negroes or to the white people, I
firmly believe the best thing we can do for
these negroes is gradually to separate them
from the white people entirely. 1 think if the
people of this country would do for themselves
what they have allowed the Indians to do for
themselves, separate the negroes from the
whites, they would confer the greatest pos-
sible blessing upon this country. Whether
this Congress decrees it or not, or the next
Congress, or the next one after that, the
great laws of nature will at some time execute
themselves, and these races will be separated,
and with the consent of that party of men here
now who will in a very short time find no
further use for their votes. That was the
motive in my judgment for conferring these
rights, as they are called, upon them. That
is the motive for keeping them here; and
when that motive has no longer any operating
power, when that vote ceases to bo efficient
for the ends and objects which that party has
in view, they will consent to the execution of
that law of nature which bids us to separate
the two races.
If we look over the face of the world we
see there are lines drawn upon its surface for
the habitation of different races, and that the
climates of these different portions of the
earth's surface forbid the intrusion of the
races who are native to the other climates.
It, is distinctly announced by our knowledge
ol' the laws of nature that the negroes belong
to the tropical regions of the earth as much
so as t.lu! tropical vegetation. They are so
formed as to resist the diseases of the tropics.
Tiiey are formed to resist, the climate and are
capable of undergoing laborunder the tropics,
while the white race is known to be incapable
of xuptaining its vigor beneath the torrid heats
ofthose regions. This temperate zone belongs
to the white, race, and it will vindicate its title
to it 1 hope with no hardships and no cruelly
toward the other race. I trust that that race
lias advanced so far in civilization and wisdom
that it will be enabled to deal wisely and well
in carrying out the decrees of nature in re-
spect to this race, which has been intruded
upon tliein, and that intrusion has carried its
own punishment along with it.
I believe it was a crime against the laws of
Ged to bring this race of people hero when
they were brought among us. I believe that
crime brought with it its own punishment in
the trouble which it entailed upon the people
of this country, and which culminated in the
bloody catastrophe of the late war. I believe
that instead of passing this supnlementary civil
rights bill, which only tends to irritate the two
races against each other, the wisest course to
pursue would be to give these people a country
under their own traffics, to which tlicy are
native, to gradually build up with them ati
empire within the tropics of America, to place
tliem where they could be of the greatest ad-
vantage to themselves and to us, by conform-
ing to. the laws of nature'. It is impossible
that any power, stable, and permanent, can be
built up in the tropics of this or any other
country with any other population than the
negro population ; and we have ready to our
hand the material now with which we may
build up within those regions a great empire
with these people, educated as they have been,
in our midst, or to some extent educated at
least, and who perhaps will remain among us
until they are sufficiently educated fortne mis-
sion for which they are intended.
But I do not think that they can be kept in
this country. I do not believe that any meas-
ures of legislation such as are proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts are appropri-
ate to their condition or calculated to advance
their interests. I believe, on the contrary,
that we should at once initiate measures with
a view of fitting them for the task for which
they are so eminently adapted, and to reclaim
the tropics of this continent by their energy,
by their ability to resist its deadly climate.
This Senator's bill may pass and become a
law, but it will amount to nothing. It will be
a dead letter. It cannot execute itself, and
enn never be executed; and no law and no
legislation, except that which changes a black
man into a white man, can ever effect the ob-
ject sought to be effected by the Senator from
Massachusetts. It is vain legislation ; it is a
delusion, and so far from advancing the object
sought to be advanced by it, it will retard and
delay the good understanding which should be
brought about between these two races, with
a view of building up by their means and
through them a great empire in the tropics of
our continent.
These are the views that I hold in regard to
this legislation by which it is sought to reverse
the decrees of the Almighty, to make white
people out of black, to take away from people
those instincts implanted by the Deity and
intended to keep these races apart and preveut
their amalgamation and degradation. The ne-
groes have these instincts as well as the whites.
They areimplanted by nature; they are intended
for a gooil purpose. Nor can the power of the
Senator from Massachusetts nor the power of
the Senate efface the instincts which God has
implanted within ns. These races should be
kept apart for their own good : lor the good
of the white man and for the good of the black
man. It was intended that they should be
distincLand separate races, and different, por
tions of the earth's surface were intended for
their occupancy, and they were not intended
to be mingled; and"whenever you do mingle
them, you make a mongrel race, which becomes
demoralized and degraded ; like the people of
Mexico, incapable of maintaining any sort of
Government or any kind of civilization.
The attempt of the Senator from Massachu-
setts is futile. He may believe, and perhaps
does believe, that lie is vindicating a great
right, that he is fighting for that which is good
for the country and for the people of the coun-
try ; but it is my deep conviction that he is
contending for that which is evil alike for all,
which does no good to any, and which will
simply fail to do any harm, because it, will be
made ineffectual by the laws which govern the
world, and which neither he nor all the radical
Congresses that ever sat can alter or change
or modify.
Mr. PKATT. Mr. President, I wish very
briefly to state to the Senate the reasons why
1 shall vote for this amnesty bill and against
the substitute offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts. As to this hist, measure, the
supplementary civil rights bill, I shall probably
vote for it when the time comes for its consid-
eration, though there are provisions in it that
I shall take with the same grace that old
Squeers' pupils took his treacle. But the
bill before the Senate sought to be supplanted
is the House bill for the removal of legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution.
I believe the time has cotne for the removal
of these disabilities. The House of Repre-
sentatives has spoken the voice of the people
on that subject. I do not vote for the removal
of these disabilities as an act of justice to the
men disabled, nor yet from motives of com-
passion. It was, in my opinion, a righteous
judgment pronounced by the voice of the
nation, that the men who had once held office,
taken an oath to support the Constitution, and
violated that o:ith by volunrarily going into the
rebellion, should not be intrusted again with
political trusts.. They had broken faith with
the Government; they had violated their sol-
emn vows to God. Instead of supporting the
Constitution at all times and under all circum-
stances, as their oath obliged them to do, they '
sought to overthrow it, and to destroy the Union
it formed. I am not able t,o see why the men
who once took that oath and violated it will
not be ready to violate it agaiu when occasion
offers or invites.
I do not vote for amnesty, therefore, in the
vain belief that the men whom this bill will
relieve are cured of their heresy or are to be
trusted in the future to observe their vows.
No, Mr. President, I do not believe the heart
of the rebel has been changed, or is capable
of being touched by an act of amnesty or '
grace on the part of the Government. He
regrets "the lost cause to-day" as mueh as he
did on that sad day at Appomattox, when he
laid down his arms. He does not acknowledge
that, he has been guilty of any crime. He de-
nies that he committed treason in rebelling.
He glories in the battles he fought and the
injuries his arm inflicted on the Government.
He honors those who most distinguished them-
selves in the bad cause. He commends as
heroes those who fell in the rebellion, and
yearly he pays visit to the graves of his fallen
comradesin arms and strews them with flowers
and moistens them with his tears. While he
never fails to lament the impoverished con-
dition of his country, and prates of his losses
and poverty and the hard times throughout
the South, he has no reproaches for himself
or his people; least of all, for that remorse-
less government he helped institute, which ats
out his substance, laid hold of his property,
and involved liis whole country in ruin. With
him Jeff. Davis is a hero, and Lee and Jack-
son are saints. There is no repentance for
what he has done, and his great grief is that he
and his coadjutors did not succeed in establish-
ing the independence for which they strove.
And how has he behaved since? Most
ungraciously has he acquiesced in measures
the country demanded for the sake of peace,
and to secure the rights of the lreedmen. I
am speaking in general terms. Of course there
have been notable exceptions ; but as a general
thing those who rebelled have submitted to
the Constitution and laws simply because they
were compelled to, and not from any reverence
or respect. They have not kept the peace;
their land has been filled with violence and
bloodshed, and thousands of men who were
loyal to the Government through the civil war
have suffered outrages in their persons, prop-
erty, and lives because of their loyalty. The
leading influential men of the South whom
this bill will relieve, whose voice could have
stopped these outrages, have remained silent
and let the work of death go on.
No, sir; these men have not done works
meet for repentance ; and it is in no spirit of
charity or as an act of justice to them that I
shall vote for this bill. My reasons are wholly
different. I favor the measure as one of ex-
pediency, and as probably demanded at this
time by wise statesmanship. When these
disabilities were imposed it was not contem-
plated that they should continue always, for
Congress was invested with a discretion to
remove them. There was but one limitation,
that the act should be done by a two-thirds
vote. I shall vote for this bill, therefore,
because the Congress which proposed and the
States which ratified this article in the Con-
stitution, contemplated thai the time would
come when we could with safety, and should
as a matter of policy, exert this power. 1
vote for it because it, is better to make a clean
thing of it than to dribble amnesty out in the
fashion that was done during the Fortieth
and Forty-First Congresses, frequently to the
mo-it undeserving. Looking over the statutes
of the last five years, you can scarce count
between sunrise and sunset the names of
who have been relieved by special acts. AhlS
thing will go on from session to session.
Indeed, we hare on our Calendar at this
