1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2857
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by the
same committee to report adversely upon the
petition of John M. Ransom, praying for
arrears of pension, on the same ground.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iam also directed by the
same committee to report adversely upon the
bill (S. No. 743) granting a pension to Celia
Tweed, widow of Thomas Tweed, upon the
ground that the evidence produced is entirely
inadequate to convince us that it is a just
claim- I move the indefinite postponement
of the hill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by
the same committee to report adversely on the
petitions of citizens of Wisconsin, praying for
a modification of the laws relating to soldiers'
homesteads, (upon the ground that that is a
matter which does not belong to us,) and also
praying that the time be extended within which
soldiers may apply for pensions, which is in
substance and effect merely a change of the
law as to arrears of pensions, upon which we
report adversely, and ask to be discharged.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by
the same committee to report adversely upon
the petition of Roswell W. Silsbee, asking for
a pension. It appears that he was a special
agent of the provost marshal in New Hamp-
shire, and in traveling on the cars from one
place to another, jumped off too soon and got
hurt. He is not within the spirit of the pen-
sion laws as to the character of the service he
was performing, and it does not appear to us
that he was exercising due diligence either.
We therefore ask to be discharged from its
further consideration.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. The Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 941) to authorize the extension
of patents in certain cases, have instructed me
to report it adversely. The bill in effect re-
peals the existing law with regard to the effect
of a foreign patent upon the time of making
application for the extension of a patent here.
We think that the present policy of the law in
reference to such effect of foreign patents is
wise, and wo therefore report adversely to the
bill and move its indefinite postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLINGr. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
the Commercial Navigation Company of New
York, asking that a committee be appointed
to investigate and report on the circumstances
connected with the obligations entered into
between the Unite.d States and that company,
have directed me to report the same back with
the accompanying papers which answer the
purpose ot the investigation proposed. The
committee ask to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, from the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Mrs. L. E. C. Johnson, praying
compensation for cotton destroyed in Missis-
sippi during the year 18&5, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration) and
moved that the petitioner have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James and Emma
S. Cameron, submitted a report accompanied
!>y a bill (S. No. 953) to pay James and Emma
S. Cameronfor property taken and used by the
Armv during the late war.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to bo
printed. T
Mr. SHERMAN. A few days ago I re-
ported from the Committee on Finance a bill
which was intended to supersede several pri-
vate bills, and there is pressing necessity for
action. I ask the Senate now to take it up
and pass it. If it leads to debate I shall not
object to its going over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is an ob-
jection.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 816) to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish a uniform time for holding
elections for electors of President and Vice
President of the United States," passed Jan-
uary 2D, 1845, reported it with amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 931) authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Arkansas river at
Little Rock, Arkansas, have instructed me to
report it back with an amendment, and I am
requested also by the Senator from Arkansas
to ask for its immediate consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be considered at this
time.
The bill was read.
Mr. POMEROY. I am told by the Sen-
ator who sits beside me, [Mr. Edmunds,] that
there is a committee of conference on a bill
relative to a bridge at this place.
Mr. CLAYTON. That is an amendment to
another bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it not for the bridge
at Little Rock?
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. Tt escaped my recollec-
tion.
Mr. CLAYTON, That is another bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Let this lie for the pres-
ent. and I will look into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the petition of Timothy
Baker, postmaster at St. John's, Michigan,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 956) for the relief of Timothy Baker, of
St. John's, Michigan.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report, was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the following
petitions, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to :
The petition of George Frederick Bollier,
guardian of the minor children of Ernst Die-
trich, of Minnesota, praying for a pension for
said children;
The petition of Jerusha A. Goodrich, pray-
ing for an increase of pension ;
The petition of Walter C. Wilkinson, pray-
ing a modification of the pension law relating
to soldiers of the war of 1812;
The petition of Polly Welch, praying tor
arrears of pension;
The petition of Adolphus I. Graham, pray-
ing that he be granted arrears of pension ; and
The petition of Elizabeth Lyons, of Abbe-
ville county, South Carolina, praying that she
be granted a pension in consideration of the
services of her late husband, Joseph Lyons, in
the war ofl812.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I ask the courtesy of
the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 828,
reported from the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads several days since. It is a
matter of local interest only, and will take
but a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two Senators
have asked to take up business, which was
objected to until the morning business was
over
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask the Senate to
act on the bill to which I have alluded.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to make some re-
ports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Cicero Simms, guardian of William Hutchin-
son, praying that a pension be granted to his
ward, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 954) granting a pension to William
Hutchinson, minor son of Joseph*Hutchinson,
deceased.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be •
printed.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred a petition of divers citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying the passage of
a bill for the relief of Harriet Mattis, widow
of the late Isaac E. Mattis, have directed me
to report it back with a recommendation that
the parties be allowed to withdraw thepetition.
There are possibly merits in the case, though
there is no proof whatever accompanying the
petition.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition, and
the petitioners were allowed to withdraw the
same.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 630) to
place Thoma3 Eden, a soldier of the war of
1812, on the pension-list, have directed me to
report it back with a recommendation that the
same be indefinitely postponed. There are
no proofs whatever accompanying the bill, and
if the facts recited in the preamble are true,
Mr. Eden may obtain a pension under the
general law passed at the Forty-First Con-
gress.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom were referred the
following petitions, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to:
The petition of Hiram R. Rhea, praying that
he be granted a pension ;
The petition of Mrs. Maria Witt, mother of
Frederick Witt, deceased, late private com-
pany K, one hundred and twenty-eighth regi-
ment Indiana volunteers ;
The petition of Anna Bigliu, mother of
Nicholas A. B;glin, late a private of company
B, second regiment United States cavalry vol-
unteers, praying for arrears of pension ; and
The petition of Oliver Lumphrey, late sec-
ond lieutenant forty-third United States in-
fantry, praying to be placed on the retired list
of the Army.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
457) to authorize the West Wisconsin Railway
Company to keep up and maintain a bridge
for railway purposes across Lake St. Croix.at
the city of Hudson, in the State of Wisconsin,
have directed me to report it adversely. The
engineer department have examined this ques-
tion thoroughly and reported against the bill,
and the committee concur in that report.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads have reported back a
similar bill favorably, and the same objection
would seem to apply to that bill that applies
to this one which has been examined by the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STEWART. I ask that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No 522.
The*VlCE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order. , .
Mr. SHERMAN.^ The bill I presented is
a The'VI°ciepRESIDPENT. The Chair will
receive morning business.
Mr CASSERLY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 383) extending
the time for the selection of swamp and over-
flowed lands in Oregon under an act of Con-
