1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
42d Cong 2d Sess. The Apachea—True Peace Policy—Mr. McCormick.
Ho. op Reps.
The Apacbcs—True Pcace Policy.
SPEECH OF HON. R. C. McCORMICK,
OF ARIZONA,
In the House op Representatives,
January 30, 1872. !
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion the bill (H. R. No. 1192) making appropriations
for the currcnt and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling so-called treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes—
The Clerk read as follows :
Apaches:
For this amount, to subsist and properly care for
the Apache Indians in Arizona and New Mexico,
who have been or may be collected on reservations
in New Mexico and Arizona, 8250,000.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I move to
amend the clause last read by adding thereto
the following:
Provided, That this appropriation shall be ex-
pended only in behalf of those Indians who go and
remain upon Mid reservations and refrain from
hostilities.
That amendment is in the precise language
of an amendment which I offered to the In-
dian appropriation bill last year, which was
adopted by the House, and also by the Senate,
and incorporated in the law. I offer it because
we have suffered severely on the frontier from
depredations committed by Indians who have
been living on military reservations and have
gone directly from those reservations to com-
mit depredations and murders, and they have
returned in many cases to the reservations. I
believe it is proven beyond all question that
the Indians in Arizona who murdered Mr.
Loring, of Boston, a promising yonng author,
were Indians who had been living on a military
reservation, and who started directly from the
reservation to attack the stage-coach in which
he was a passenger. They not only killed
him, but nearly all the other passengers, and
within a few days after they had committed
this outrage they returned to the military res-
ervation or to its vicinity.
I owe it to my people to say that the stories
set afloat during the past year, and which seem
to have been believed by many, that the people
of Arizona are opposed to or have at any time
been opposed to a fair and honest effort to get
the Apache Indians on reservations are simply
untrue. What my people have objected to is
the fact that year after year these Indians,
more or less, have been harbored upon mili-
tary reservations, have been allowed to go and
come at will, and have constantly committed
the most outrageous depredations throughout
the length and breadth of the Territory, mak-
ing it, as my honorable friend from California
has justly said, "a very hell on earth." We
do not object to the reservation system and to
the extension of a true peace policy to that
country, and I am glad to see such liberal
appropriations put in this bill. It seems to
me to be the best Indian appropriation bill
we have had, and the reason why there are
more items in it and greater expenditures
must be very clear to gentlemen who reflect
on the fact that there is here one item alone
of $250,000 to try the experiment of feeding
the Apaches in Arizona, who have expressed
a willingness, some of them, although not as
many as has been stated here, to come upon
the reservations.
I have not the faith that some gentlemen
here seem to have, that these wild Indians,
who have been at war for centuries, are at
once going to move upon reservations and
consent to submit to the laws of the land and
become honest and peaceable. I fear we must
keep a standipg army on the frontier to con-
trol them. But as the expenditure for feeding
42d Cong. 2i> Sess.—No. 33.
the Indians will increase if these experiments
are successful, so will the cost of the Army
decrease for the defense of the frontier, and
Government will save in proportion.
I believe the policy of the President, so
called, whether his policy or not, is upon the
whole a good one. I took occasion last win-
ter upon the floor of this House to say that it
was productive of certain good results; that
it was giving us agents of greater honesty and
of better devotion to business. But gentle- j
men must remember, as I have already said,
that we have different kinds of Indians to ;
deal with. With some of these wild tribes :
on the frontiers of Arizona, New Mexico, and
Texas, a peace policy is purely experimental.
Let that experiment be thoroughly and com-
pletely tried, bat do not let it be tried with
gross and constant misrepresentation of the
people of the frontier, if the Indian peace
commission has failed in any one respect it
has been in sending agents to the frontiers
whose prejudices are all in favor of the Indi-
ans and against the white people there.
It is hard upon those who have suffered for
years and years by the loss of their property,
and the destruction of their homes, the mur-
der of their wives and children, to have men
go there who have never been in the country
before, and tell them that they have always
been in the wrong and the Indians have been
fight.
Mr. SARGENT. I can reply, of coarse,
only to the remarks of the gentleman which I
have heard. I concurred last year in the
amendment he then offered, and 1 concur this
year in the amendment he has bow offered.
To show that the amendment is not at all hos-
tile to what is called the policy of the Govern-
i ment, I desire to have read an order of the
! general commanding that district, which, directs
! that unless the Indians temain upon the reser-
vations and behavethemselves, they are to be
treated as hostile Indians. They must remain
upon the reservations, and if found wander-
ing off from them they will be deemed as
hostile to the Government and will be treated
as enemies.
The Clerk read the order of General Crook
requiring the Apaches to go upon reservations
by February 16.
| Mr. SARGENT. Unquestionably it is
necessary, where there are bands of roaming
wild Indians, if the bounty of the Govern-
ment is extended toward them on the condi-
tion that they shall remain peaceable and not
molest our citizens, that they shall go upon
! reservations and remain upon the territory
especially assigned to them, and that across
the lines of that small piece of territory white
men shall not go to molest them. I think
myself that the long-suffering people of Ari-
zona—and I know they have been long-suffer-
ing, and imposed upon by these fierce, hostile
Indians down there—I think they are unneces-
sarily sensitive when the agents of the Gov-
ernment, men who I believe are of high char-
acter, are sent down there to inquire into the
existing order of things, and to ascertain why,
upon the average, one murder a day was com-
mitted in that Territory ; to ascertain whether
there are no means of bringing that state of
things to a Close, whether these Indians,
Cochise and other chiefs with their followers,
can be induced to go upon reservations and
remain there on condition that the Govern-
ment would relieve their necessities while
they remained there. They went down there,
and the cilizens of the Territory objected that
it was an idle policy to put Indians upon res-
ervations and feed them, because when they
had been fed they went out of the reserva-
tions to depredate, leaving behind them only
their women, children, and old men. I believe
they did not give sufficient weight to the idea
which it was the design of the Government to
convey to them, that while relief was carried
to the Indians in one hand, there was in the
other a sword which would punish, and pun-
ish relentlessly, wanton hostility committed
afterward upon our people. This is the policy
we shall endeavor to carry out in Arizona, and
I know it has the sanction of the gentleman
from Arizona himself.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. The order
which has just been read, and which is most
acceptable to the people of Arizona, is a new
thing. No such order had been promulgated
last year, and therefore it could not have been
taken into consideration in connection with
what was said at the time. It was not made
known at the time to the people that such
would be the fixed policy af the Government.
I believe that under such a policy, strictly
carried out on both sides—not only on the
peace side, but on the war side, if necessary—
we may have a better order of things in that
country. But, sir, so far is it from being the
fact that a hearty welcome was not given to
the representative of the peace commission,
I happen to know be was most cordially re-
ceived. But he said his business was with the
Indians, not with the whites. He did not pur-
sue such a policy as was likely to conciliate the
people whom it should have been, I think, his
highest ambition to conciliate. The remarks
of the gentleman from California, who i3 as
highly esteemed among our people as any man
can be, will, I think, go far to show them it
was intended that the policy should be properly
carried out, whether it was in fact or not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I ask per-
mission to print some additional remarks upon
this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. In all my
interviews with the President I have found
him, while desirous of avoiding unnecessary
war with the Indians and disposed to sustain
the peace commissioners, decided in bis dec-
laration that the settlers must and should be
protected, and this is all I have asked. The
people of Arizona have shown their good feel-
ing in cordially accepting the reservation pro-
gramme lately agreed upon as indicated in the
orderissued in November last by General Scho-
field, commanding the military division ef the
Pacific. So far from being "unnecessarily sen-
sitive," as my honorable friend has suggested,
Ihey have at no time objected to the presence
in Arizona of agents disposed to take a fair
and just view of the Indian question in all
its practical bearings, and to properly recog-
nize the character and history of the wild
Apaches and the sufferings ef the settlers at
tjieir hands.
Upon the first announcement that a repre-
sentative of the peace commission would visit
the Temtory, the Governor issued and gave
the widett publicity to the following proclama-
tion t
Whereas I am Informed, as I am departing for the
Pinal mountains with a large force for the purpose
of exploring the agricultural and mineral resources
of that region, that a commission has bfeen ordered
by the President of the United States to examine
into the Indian affairs of the Territory with the Ti«w,
if possible, of securing a peaceful sojution ot the
question, and my absence may continilfe until alter
the arrival of said commission : and wheTeas the
object most desired bv the people of this .territory
is the cessation of Indian hostilities, and the means
that will most speedily accomplish this result will
be hailed with joy by every^inhabitant:
Now, therefore, I, A. P. K. Safford, Governor ef
Arizona, call upon all the officers and citizens ot
the Territory to receive said commissioners with
kindness and hospitality ; to give them all the aid
and information upon the subject before referred to
within your power and knowledge. They have been
selected with a view to their integrity and human-
ity of purpose and sent here in the legal perform-
ance of duty.
If they come among you entertaining erroneous
opinions upon the Indian question and the condi-
tion of affairs in the Territory, then by kindly treat-
