1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4149
Mr. COLE. I hope we may go through with
the regular order.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I wish my friend pros-
perity in every sense of the word, but I am
talking now. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLE. I beg the attention of my friend
a moment. The spectacle is presented here
of our absolutely refusing to do business in
this body, the House of Representatives being
compelled to adjourn and take recesses from
time to time, and insisting upon our going on
with the business of the session.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have the very highest
regard for that House, no man higher, but I
have a duty to perform myself.
Mr. COLE. I beg my friend's pardon for
interrupting him at all in his speech, but really
I think the interests of the country are not
benefited by our refusing to transact legitimate
business.
Mr. FLANAGAN. That is your opinion,
sir, and I think very highly of it, too. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. President, I was remarking that the res-
olutions of the Senator from Massachusetts,
to which I was alluding, have been introduced
at a very inopportune time, and the history of
the country will bear me out'in that. I think
every American citizen who is intelligent
enough to appreciate the facts, must feel that
lie is thus compromised by the great statesman
from Massachusetts. And then they came in
at the very moment ofadjournment, too. These
difficulties are known to the mass of the people
throughout the country. The resolutions do
not directly so state, but indirectly their pur-
port is not to be misunderstood : " the queen
, of England has a right to say to us thus and
so and nothing else, and we must do as James
K. Polk did when he talked about fifty-four
forty or fight., and settled down to forty-nine."
We have ho such President at this day, none
that can be molded thus either by the taunts
or the superior knowledge of the great " I
am" from Massachusetts, or from any other
class orquarter. No such dictation will be tol-
erated upon the part of the American people
to-day. We know our rights; we will be lib-
eral in asserting them ; but we will demand
that they shall be respected by all the civilized
nations of the world. What is our bright his-
tory? In 1846 we conquered Mexico; not
that we desired to do so; our sympathies were
with her; we wanted a great republic to grow
up there just as we desire republicanism to
succeed broadcast throughout the earth. But
it seemed they were incompetent; they were
disposed to make war upon their best friends
known to the political horizon, the United
States. We went there and subdued them.
What was our conduct then? She was weak ;
she was not worthy of our taettle. We did
only that which we were compelled to do.
Afterward, though, instead of appropriating
her territory, we gave it back to her, we re-
stored the bulk of it to her, taking only a
small slice which we paid her for in kindness,
being a contribution as it were, and not a very
bad bargain either, for we gave her $10,000,-
000 to adjust her difficulties that had grown
up out of that unhappy war. We have been
liberal, not illiberal at any time. We now offer
peace to our great ancestor. We love old
England, but we love her as a proud old
mother. We are freemen. Our progenitors
came to this continent under peculiar circum-
stances. We have built up this country to
what it is. It is unnecessary to sjieak about
our history at large, but sufficient it is to say
that we are now as great as the mother is, and
we must keep up the proud spirit and fame of
the mother, by doing nothing disreputable on
the part of the children, nor will we do so.
Then, Mr. President, I further remark that
1 most earnestly hope the Government of
of the United States will be perpetuated. Are
we not the best people of the world? Are not
our institutions the most liberal? Are we not
as independent in every sense of the word as
a nation can be? And are we not admonished
that the civilized world is upon our side of the
question? Yea, sir, I can illastrate the fact
in the happy circumstance that one of the
grand spirits of this Senate, an honorable
Senator born in Germany, now sits here. He
made an eloquent speech last evening, and he
only then did what he has frequently done in
the Senate and from the various rostrums
throughout the United States for the last two
or three years, or for a considerable period—
I should not want to go far back. He has been
discoursing to large Democratic audiences, and
what has he been teaching? The corruption
of this Government! Now, that may be con-
sidered very favorable. We are instructed by
these bright spirits, some of whom, by the way,
have not succeeded very well in their own
country ; but they come here and point outthe
corruptions of the United States Government
with a great deal of success, and the Demo-
crats are delighted at it because they will all
go down together, and risk their chances upon
the floating planks of the dfibris of the nation
subsequently. That is the verdict of history
which we are realizing. We are told by dis-
tinguished foreigners what the true principles
of republicanism are 1
Now, I am a little like the great "Father
of his Country " when the dying Braddock
expired in his arms. Braddock, the proud
British general, said on that occasion, "high
times, my God, sir, for a young American
buckskin to teach a British general how to
fight." High times, indeed, if the American
Senate is to be instructed in its duties by a
German. Now, 1 love the Germans ; I wish
they would come here in thousands upon thou-
sands, because they are good citizens; but I
would just as lief have the short-comings of
our Government jiointed out to us by native
Americans; it would sound to me fully as well
to say the least. By the way, I must say that
I think we have gone on the liberal line far
enough. The day has come, as it was in the
times of secession, when the armies were mus-
tering one against the other, those in favor of
the Union and those determined to disrupt it.
The issue was joined. It was joined to the
tune of the blood of almost untold thousands
and the sacrifice of millions of treasure. Now,
what are we to contemplate in the future?
Take the resolution and the speech at this
moment of the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, and what are we to realize from
them ? They mean something. They were not
intended to be read after the Senator shall
quietly go into his grave. They have some
meaning now. The Alabama question is jeop-
ardized, it is said. Why is it jeopardized?
Who knows—1 do not, God knows—-the rea-
sons prompting my distinguished friend to in-
troduce those resolutions just at thitj moment?
Is it in sympathy with his nation, or is it in
sympathy with prond old England ? That is
a question which may well be pondered and
canvassed, as to the proiWptings of these reso-
lutions and this speech at this moment; and
then he wishes the Senate to adjourn in fifteen
minutes thereafter, so "that they cannot be
responded to and presented to the American
people and to the civilized world to speculate
as to the reasons prompting the resolutions
and the speech by the distinguished Senator.
I know uot wbat his reasons may be, nor how
many he may have. He is a man who does
not seem to know much, except in the Senate
of the United States, upon great political
questions that tend to affect the civilized Gov-
ernments of the world.
I say, Mr. Presideut, that this is a peculiar
period of our history. There is no margin at
this day for speculation. We have inaugu-
rated a policy ; it has been inaugurated by the
great Republican party of this nation, that
none of them dare raise an issue with. Even
though they may have deserted the camp, they
must still invoke the shield of Republicanism
to protect them in their action. It is a proof
to the wofld of the power of the Government
and that party. Now, we cannot risk any-
thing. What is abroad ? There are many mil-
lions of cotton bonds held by British capital-
ists. They want their money; and if they can
disrupt the Republican party, I ask any candid
man to say to me what the future will be touch-
ing the bonds of the cotton States. -If the
Democracy get in power these people may say
to us, " Come, gentlemen, settle this matter;
you have had a squabble between yourselves ;
both sides were wrong; you pay these debts,
and we will pay yours; and if you do not,
down goes the whole concern by repudiation."
Ihey may be looking to that very thing now
in the prolongation of this matter. They may
be looking to the November election, anti-
cipating, waiting, all anxiety to see whether
President Grant cannot be defeated, and if
defeated then u we pay you no money growing
out of your Alabama claims; we will settle
that debt when you settle the debt we hold ;
you have amnestied all your pebple; they'are
now -upon an equality ; it is true some of them
disagreed with you for a time, and fought you ;
but now their debts must be paid, artd'then
ours to you ; we are ready now for an offset at
any moment." That I fear will be the effect
of the success of the Democracy, and when
you talk to me about Liberal Republicanism,
1 say it is merely liberal enough to get into
power, as was the case with the Indians when
they had a conference with Daniel Boone at
old Boonsborough, in the proud bid State of
Kentucky. They were so cordial and so har-
monious that they wanted to have it agreed
that two Indians should take to their bosoms
one American. They thought by this they
could entrap thfem and take possession of
Boonsborough, and get into the fort and then
they would have the whole country. That is
just what the Democrats are doing; here are
your Liberal Republicans; here areyoui-Con-
servatives, everything ready to appropriate the
American people.
They talk about frauds! Good God 1 when-
ever they make that issue, and -it is clearly
understood by Republicans throughout the
broad land, what will be the result? Let the
impression prevail that the United States
Government is a corrupt one, and there is no
longer any doubt. Let these men make that
charge, and there will be myriads of Dem-
ocrats who will flock to our ranks. Yes, good
men will come from the Democratic ranks
to us then. They will be ready to ebmo
forth, and forth they will come, and what we
lose upou one side we shall gain upon the
other.
Why, sir, we were told yesterday in the
speech of the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts that the President of the United
States has absolutely taken into his confidence
Army officers. Yea, he has not stopped there;
he has smiled beneficently upoti his relatives.
Now, I say without' fear of contradiction that
he has done nothing else than a good man
would do. You remember the incident in
Roman history when a foreign ariny was in
battle array against a celebrated Roman gen-
eral. One of the opponents was seen Walkihg
up and down, challenging to single combat
any Roman in the ranks of that army. The
son of that proud old Roman general that then
was clothed with power stepped forth and
accepted the proposition and vanquished the
enemy. What was the penalty? Under the
law of proud old Rome at that day, as sacred
to them as the laws of the Medes and Per-
sians, he suffered death for it. Do I commend
that general for that? I do not. If I had
been the father I wtsuld have died instead of
the son, if death must be the atonement.
President Grant, I hope, would not do other-
wise ; and when he had a meritorious officer
or a host of them around him, upon whom
could he rely with more confidence than upon
those bright spirits; those brave men who
through wind and rain, night and day, exposed
