1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1461
Orleans, that he really contemplates the aban-
donment of the mint.
Mr. KELLOGG. Not at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I must say
that if any mint, is to be kept up in the South,
at all the branch mint at New Orleans has very
many higher claims to consideration on the
part of Congress than any other. It is a more
central point; it is a place where a larger
amount of coin will naturally center; and it
would unquestionably be the place where a
branch mint should be established if at all.
But it seems that Congress thought five or
six years ago the whole of these branch mints
should be abandoned, and gave a discretionary
power to the Secretary of the Treasury to dis-
continue them and to sell the machinery and
all the internal fixtures. The Secretary of the
Treasury, as I understand, sold apart of them,
but has not sold all. The question involved
in relation to the New Orleans mint is before
the Senate in a special bill. It will be seen
that it involves a large amount. By the state-
ment just made by the Senator from Louisiana
it seems that the costof the mintwas $588,000,
and 1 suppose it would be a moderate estimate
to say that the land upon which it stands is
worth as much more.
Mr. KELLOGG. May I ask the Senator
from Vermont a question?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. KELLOGG. Does the Senator deny
that by the terms of the grant of the city of
New Orleans to the United States Government
of ground for the purposes of the mint it is
expressly provided that in case the mint is
discontinued the property shall revert to the
city?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
deny that a very Jewish contract was made
with the United States in relation to the land
there; and we shall, if we abandon the mint,
be compelled to surrender the site upon which
it stands.
Mr. KELLOGG. Then I ask, as the prop-
erty is to revert by the terms of the deed to
the city in case the mint is abandoned, amount-
ing in value to $500,000, if the Government
does not lose that much according to the Sen-
ator's argument, and if that is not a sufficient
reason for reestablishing it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We might
lose very much by conducting a branch mint
that the necessities of the Government no
longer require. I do not know but that it
would be wise and proper for us to surrender
this building and give it to the city of New
Orleans, and I am not very averse to that
idea; but at the same time I do say that it is
a question of considerable moment and it
ought not to be decided upon a mere amend-
ment to an appropriation bill. It is one of
sufficient moment to be considered by itself,
separately and apart from anything else.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment is an
illustration of the folly of the effort to attach
independent bills to an appropriation bill.
This involves a property which cost the Gov-
ernment, all told, about half a million dollars.
The Government of the United States have
no title to the land on which it is built. They
hold under a lease which provides that in
case the property is abandoned as a mint it
shall revert to the city of New Orleans. In
my judgment there is no court that would not
now compel a surrender by the United States
of this property to the city of New Orleans,
because under an act of Congress for five
years it has been abandoned as a mint; and if
private parties held this property, it eould be
recovered by an action of ejectment by the
city of New Orleans.
After careful examination the Committee
on Finance reported a bill receding to the city
of New Orleans any interest we had in this
property, together with the materials upon it
and the building, authorizing the removal of
the movable property and the abandonment
of the building to the city of New Orleans.
There was some doubt whether under the
terms of the law we could not remove the
building, that is, the bare materials; but as
the building is one of brick the materials were
said to be of little value, and the committee
thought it was better, on the whole, to at once
give to the city of New Orleans the materials
of the building and the building as compensa-
tion for the use of the ground during the time
it was occupied as a mint. But.it is mani-
festly a question that ought not to be put on
an appropriation bill.
Now, sir, there is no necessity for a mint
in New Orleans even if mines in the southern
States should be developed as greatly as Sen-
ators suppose. The policy of the Government
is to establish assay offices in the immediate
neighborhood of the mines. That has been
the -policy adopted in all our mining regions,
for the simple reason that the great value of
our mines consists in ore so bulky that it will
not pay to remove it to a great distance. We
do not need an assay office in St. Louis, which
is the natural outlet of all the gold of the
western plains, but we establish assay offices
in the immediate neighborhood of the mines.
We have one in Nevada, one in Colorado, one
in Idaho, one in Oregon. We have them
wherever the mines are. If gold should be
discovered along the Southern Pacific railroad
route, undoubtedly we would establish an
assay office in Arizona, or wherever the gold
was found.
But in any event, the mint at New Orleans
is now unnecessary, and ought to be at once
abandoned. I trust, therefore, that the Sen-
ator will let the bill stand as it is now, and I
promise him that within a week or two, during
some morning hour, we can have the bill
called up ceding to the city of New Orleans all
the interest we have in this property; and that
will accomplish his purpose. I know that
the Secretary of the Treasury has no idea of
reestablishing this mint; and there would be
no business for it if it were reestablished.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 simply desire to ex-
press in a single word my doubt, although the
Senator may rightly report the Secretary, and
the committee may have examined the ques-
tion, whether it is proper to abandon this mint.
The Senator says we establish assay offices in
the neighborhood of the mines. Very well.
But the Senator cannot have forgotten the fact
that millions of dollars' worth of ore have been
taken out from the Utah mountains during the
last year, and that bulky ore transported to the
coast, and then in vessels to Europe, and that
it has been sold therein its crude state.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certain crude silver has
been taken to Wales for the purpose of being
smelted.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator cannot have
forgotten, and the Secretary cannot have for-
gotten, that we have passed a law authorizing
a railroad along the line of Mexico where
there are immense deposits of silver. That
road is now being organized, commencing at
Shreveport, or near there, having direct com-
munication with New Orleans; and the great
business of that road will be to bring silver
from Mexico to New Orleans. These are
questions in the immediate future. Nobody
can tell yet whether it is proper to discontinue
this branch mint at New Orleans or not. I
do not know whether it is proper or not; 1
wonder how any one does, because these prob-
lems are to be solved in the immediate future,
within five years. Now, if within five years
we have communication by rail and water be-
tween Mexico and New Orleans, where the
business will be to bring ore and silver from
these immense deposits, how do we know
that we shall want to discontinue this mint?
How do we know but what it will be one^ of
the greatest coining places in the United
States ? I think it is unwise and premature
to discuss this question now. It may be if we
abandon it this year that five years from now
you will have to establish a branch mint some-
where in that neighborhood, and why not at
New Orleans?
Mr. COLE. The necessity that the Sen-
ator from Kansas speaks about of having ores
smelted near at home will not be relieved at
all by the reestablishment of the mint at
New Orleans, because a mint has nothing to
do with smelting.- The Senate voted to retain
the mint at Charlotte, but that is only an assay
office, and not a mint in any sense of the word.
I know in the bill it is spoken of as a mint,
but it is not a mint.
This matter having been fully discussed, I
move to lay the amendment on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. During the dis-
cussion the Senator from Louisana has mod-
ified the proposed amendment at the desk.
The latter part of it is now mandatory, and
that portion of the amendment will be read as
modified.
The Secretary read as follows;
Provided, That tho Secretary of the Treasury
shall within six months after tho passage of this a,ct
cause the branch mint at Now Orleaus to be reestab-
lished for the coinage of gold, silver, aud nickel, in
which case this paragraph shall bo void.
Mr. COLE. That involves the necessity of
an expenditure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California has moved to lay the amend-
ment on the table, which is not debatable
under the rule.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the Senator to with-
draw the motion, which I must say is rather
unusual, it seems to me. I do not think he has
interposed a motion of this kind in regard to
any other amendment that has been offered to
this bill.
Mr. COLE. This is a very good one to
begin upon ; but if the Senator insists upon it,
of course I shall yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw the motion ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; to allow the Senator
from Louisiana to make a remark.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. President, I dislike
very much to trespass upon the good nature of
my friend from California, manifested in this
matter as well as in others. But, sir, this
amendment in the nature of a bill passed the
Senate, as I have stated once before in this
debate, at the last session. It has been before
the Senate at this session, was recommitted to
the Committee on Finance after being reported
favorably by the Committee on Commerce,
then reported favorably by the Committee on
Finance, with an amendment, however, then
placed upon our Calendar, and now I am
authorized by the Committee on Commerce
to offer it as an amendment to this bill. My
friend from Kansas and other gentlemen come
in here with amendments not reported from
any committee, and it seems to me with at
least no more merit than has this amendment,
yet in some instances they have succeeded in
placing them upon the pending bill. I admit
this is an important question and much is
involved, but I insist that it is within the rule,
ia meritorious, and therefore entitled to con-
sideration.
The question before the Senate is simply this:
whether the Government of the United States
is willing to surrender to the city of New
Orleans more than half a million dollars that
they cannot in common justice avoid sur-
rendering, for it is so written in the bond, or
whether they are willing to make an appro-
priation of, say, twenty or thirty thousand
dollars a year for the purpose of maintain-
ing a branch mint and thus keeping in their
possession this valuable property. Ihe whole
argument is that there is not an immediate
pressing necessity for a branch mint at New
Orleans, although there must be one main-
tained at Philadelphia, one at Carson City,
one at Virginia City, Nevada, and still
another on the Pacific at San Francisco, and
assay offiees in North Carolina and other
I repeat, the whole argument against this
