1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3253
moment a House bill which relieves of their
disabilities, I do not know how many;
thousands I should think. We relieve all who
ask it, seemingly without much inquiry into
their antecedents. Why, then, not finish the
business at a single stroke?
But principally shall I vote for this bill be-
cause the exclusion of these men from office
is a fruitful source of discontent, and is made
the plea for the bad condition of government
there. These disabled people are constant
grumblers. They parade their griefs every day.
They say they are no worse than the rest of the
community which rebelled ; no worse than the
thousands whose disabilities have been taken
off by Congress. They even cite the fact that
they once held office, as proof of their superior
merit and the confidence felt in their talents
and integrity. They argue that if they were
invested with the power of magistracy again,
some respect would be felt for the laws, and
they could arrest the violence and bloodshed
which abound there. It is claimed, and I
think with a good deal of truth, that many men
of talent, experience, and moral worth, in-
deed some of the very best men in the South,
are still kept back, by reason of this amend-
ment, from sharing in the responsibilities of
office, their pride forbidding them to appeal to
Congress.
It is urged that there would be a real acces-
sion of experience and merit in the adminis-
tration of the local governments if they were
made eligible to office again. As it is, they
do not consider themselves responsible for the
disorders there, nor, I fear, make much effort
to stop them. They are regarded as martyrs,
and the magnanimity of the Government is
impeached for keeping on foot such distinc-
tions.
Now, sir, to put a stop to this clamor, and
to test whether there is anything in the pre-
tense given for the discontents in the South, I
am willing to try the experiment.
Mr. MORTOST. Mr. President, I desire
very briefly to call attention to the reactionary
and 1 must say extraordinary speech just made
by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Blair.]
He took the ground that suffrage was conferred
upon the colored people for mercenary and
selfish purposes, that they were unfit for it,
and that they have used it to their own detri-
ment and to the detriment of the white people.
He further took the ground that the races
ought to be separated, that the colored people
belonged to the tropics, that the temperate
zone belongs to the white race and that they
will ultimately vindicate their title to it, and
he went on to say that measures ought to be
initiated without delay to bring about the sepa-
ration of the two races, and to return the col-
ored people to the tropics of our continent or
send them to some other country than this.
He says the inclination and the temperament
of the colored people adapt them and attract
them to hot climates. If that is true, they
will probably go South when they find a coun-
try to suit them ; if it is not true, they will
stay here. The Senator did not say that he
was in favor of driving them out of this coun-
try by foice, or that they were only to go vol-
untarily ; but his logic is that they ought to bo
sent to the South, ought to be sent away
whether they are willing to go or not.
I simply desire to say that this is the coun-
try of the colored people as much as it is ours.
They were born here. They have the same
moral and legal right to stay here as we have.
I he fact that their ancestors were brought
here against their own will, that they were
brought here as slaves, does not take away
their moral and natural right to live here and
make this their home; it should rather
strengthen that right if it needed any strength-
ening.
These notions I had hoped had passed by.
I had hoped that the country had grown en-
tirely beyond tiiem, they may fairly be denom-
inated antediluvian in a political sense, but
when they are gravely brought forward by the
distinguished Senator from Missouri, it is
proper to call the public attention to them as
reactionary and to show the tendency of a
certain party in this country. The Senator
himself is a representative man, as we all
know, and perhaps he represents better than
any other man upon this floor or in Congress
the character of a new party just struggling
into existence, and what is it? It is to press
backward, up the stream of time instead of
down. We now find the extraordinary prop-
osition renewed and presented to the Ameri-
can people that the colored people of this
country ought to be taken out of it, that they
ought to be sent to a warm climate, and
although the Senator has not said it should be
done by force, that is the logic really of what
know where the warrant for this bill is found,
he said. This is all I desired to say.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator from Indiana
has been frank enough to say that I have not
advocated sending these people out of this
country by force; but he says that is the logic
of my position. I will say to the Senator that
he has not advocated putting white and black
children in the same school by force, but that
is the logic of his position. That is the logic
of all this business, to bring the races together
by coercion—as much the logic of it as my
logic leads to taking the negroes out of this
country by force.
I referred to the great laws which govern
the human race, and those laws which are too
high to be perverted by Radical legislation,
those laws which separate the races and give
to each one its appropriate place upon this
continent, and there is not a man of education
in the world who does not know that the cli-
mate of the tropics and the temperate climate
adapt themselves to different races.
Mr. WILSON. I believe, Mr. President,
in spite of the remarks which have been made
by the Senator from Missouri, that the God of
nature is the God of revelation, and in His
revealed Word we find the doctrine laid broadly
down that applies to all the races and condi-
tions of men, the perfect law of equality aud
the perfect law of love.
I care not. who is in the country, to what race
he belongs, where he came from, what be the
color of his skin or anything that pertains to
him ; I consider him the equal of any other
man, and that he should stand on the plane of
absolute and perfect equality, aud be protected
by the laws. I believe that this is the law of
nature aud the law of Almighty God; and
that the nearer the nation approaches it, the
nearer we are to establishing on earth human
brotherhood.
I am sorry that the Senator from Missouri
should bring here what seems to me to be the
brutal and bloody ideas and codes of a time
that I had hoped had passed away. He asserts
doctrines that the old Colonization Society
was wont to proclaim of separating men, send-
ing one race of men out of the country. We
have again these doctrines that a portion of
the globe was made for one race of men and
another portion for another. If that be so, let
this law of nature operate ; but in whatever
portion of the globe a man shall be, let him be
recognized as a man with all the attributes
and rights that belong to humanity. Give the
black man here in the United States the same
rights we possess ; and if he wants to go to any
other portion of the globe, if he wishes to
emigrate, if it is the divine law, the law of
the God of nature, that he should not dwell
here, but should go to other lands—to Central
America—and build up other portions of the
globe, he will go there; but so long as he
remains here, so long as this land shall be his
home, let him have perfect and absolute equal-
ity, and let him be protected by the laws of
the land. I believe this to be the doctrine of
our institutions, and in perfect harmony with
the fundamental ideas of the country. I be- ^
lieve it to be the law of Christianity, the law II
that God has revealed to govern us here in the
world.
The Senator talks to us about the doctrine
of amalgamation and forcing people together,
of mixing races. I have heard it before.
We heard it in this Chamber in the years that
are past; in the good old times. We heard
it before the war, during the war, and since -
the war. Whenever a proposition has been
made in these Halls to secure liberty, equality,
justice, humanity, to throw the shield of the
protection of the law over men, we have had
this doctrine proclaimed. I maintain that
just in proportion as you have done justice,
just in proportion as you have lifted up the
colored race and put them on the plane of
equality, just in that proportion you have sep-
arated the races and maintained the social
virtues. I believe that under freedom there
is not a tenth part of the improper associa-
tions between the races that existed before
the war. There is less, far less mixing of
races now than before the war, and I am sure
the Senator from Missouri must see and admit
this to be so.
The Senator tells us that in giving the right
of suffrage to the colored race we acted from
"low and mean motives." Mr. President, I
regret that the Senator should make that accu-
sation. Every step we have taken for the last
eleven years in legislation concerning the
colored race we have been forced to contend
against the prejudices, the passions, the low
and basest prejudices and passions of our
countrymen. The ideas associated with slavery,
the degradation of the colored race, their low
condition, everything about them and con-
nected with them, brought them down ; and in
trying to lift them up we have been sneered at,
jeered at by the ignorance and brutality of
this nation. I had hoped that the time had
come when all that had passed away, aud that
we had been educated in the terrible scenes
through which we have passed, and taught by
the bloody lessons that we in the years past
had violated the laws of nature and the laws
of revelation, that we had been punished for
it, and that we had conquered these passions
and these prejudices, and that now and here-
after all were to be equal, all were to be pro-
tected by law, and that we were to go along
together like brethren of a common humanity.
Sir, I know that in giving the black man
the right of suffrage we were not governed by
" low or mean motives'' or purposes ; that we
acted from high motives aud lofty purposes;
and I believe that this work has vindicated
itself, and is vindicating itself, and will do so
in the years to come.
The Senator gives us to understand, in fact
he asserts, that this right which we have given
is worthless, that it will be taken away when
we "have no use for it, as will be the case
soon." Sir, I cannot tell what is to become
of any of us. I do not know what is to hap-
pen, "but one thing! am sure is not to happen.
The men who gave liberty to four and a half
millions of the human race, who lifted them
up, who made them citizens of the United
States, clothed them with civil rights aud
political rights, and have striven to put them
under the law of perfect and absolute equality,
are not to disown their work. We may be
defeated, we may be driven from these seats
and from power by old combinations or new
combinations, but one thing^ is sure: if we go
down, we will go down with our doctrines.
We will maintain them when out of power as
we have maiutained them in power. We will
not be false or recreant to our past. We will
stand by it, and though dishonored and dis-
graced, our principles shall never be betrayed
by us.
Sir, I shall vote for this amendment, not to
kill amnesty, for there is no contest in Con
gress about amnesty; four fifths of both
Houses are in favor it 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not pass the bill,
then?
