2358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
gress approved March. 12, 1860, to report it
back and recommend its passage. It is a
bill extending the time for the selection by
the State of Oregon of swamp and overflowed
lands within her borders. There is a slight
amendment reported by the committee. I
ask for the present consideration of the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to examine
that bill before it is passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave, then, to
withdraw the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be withdrawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itwill be printed,
and leave granted then to withdraw the report.
w. w. montgomery.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The Commit-
tee on Pensions, to whom was referred a joint
resolution of the Legislature of Texas, asking
that a pension be granted to the heirs of the
late Captain W. W. 'Montgomery, who was
killed during the war on the Rio Grande fron-
tier, have instructed me to report a bill, and I
ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 955)
granting a pension to Mary Ann Montgomery,
widow of William W. Montgomery, late pri-
vate in Texas volunteers, was read three times,
and passed.
w. c. jardine's patent.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. The Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1337) to authorize William C.
Jardine to make application to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the issue of a patent for
his improvement in brake and rest for carts,
have instructed me to report it favorably, and
I ask that the bill be put on its passage. Mr.
Jardine made application for a patent, and the
application was granted and the issue ordered;
but the final fees, which must be paid before
the issue actually takes place, were embezzled
by Mr. Jardine's solicitor, which he did not
discover until subsequently. The proof of
that is jow conclusive. It is too late for the
payment of such final fees without the pas-
sage of an act of Congress. This bill merely
authorizes the issue by the Commissioner on
the payment of those final fees. It ought to
be passed now in order to effect its object.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. William C. Jardine's appli-
cation for improvement in brake and rest for
carts having been passed for issue September
11, 1869, but by the neglect ofhis agentappli-
eation and payment for the issue of the same
not being made within the time required by
law, it is proposed to authorize Jardine to
make application to the Commissioner of Pat-
ents for the issue of a patent for his improve-
ment in brake and rest for carts, and to author-
ize the Commissioner of Patents to issue a
patent for the same if he should deem it right
and proper; but the application must be made
and the proper fees paid within one year from
the passage of this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mi'. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 957) supplemental to the act of February
9, 1821, incorporating the Columbian College
in the District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 958) for the relief of the widow and heirs-
at-law ot A. J. Ringgold, late of the State of
California; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 959)
supplemental to an act granting pensions to
certain soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812,
and the widows of deceased soldiers, passed
February 14, 1871; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
960) to aid in the construction of the North.
Pacific Coast railroad in the State of Califor-
nia ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senate to permit me
to call up Senate bill No. 49, authorizing the
establishment of ocean mail steamship service
between the United States and Australia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California asks unanimous consent to take up
the Australian steamship bill.
Mr. PRATT. I have a bill to offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana has a bill to offer, which is in the
nature of an objection. The introduction of
bills is in order.
Mr. COLE. I will give way for that if the
Senator will allow the bill to be taken up.
Mr. PRATT. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the Senator from California calling up
the Australian steamship bill, subject to the
morning business?
Mr. SHERMAN. That will lead to debate.
What is the object?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Ohio objects.
Mr. PRATT. By request, I ask leave to
introduce a bill to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to make partition of the reserva-
tion of Me-shin-go-me-sia, a Miami Indian
chief. I wish to say that there are one or two
features in the bill which do not meet my
approbation. For example, this bill contem-
plates a present partition of a large reserve
of ten sections of land situated in W abash and
Grant counties, Indiana, and to postpone the
taxation of those lands to the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1881. While I introduce this bill, I do
not wish to be understood as committing my-
self to all its provisions.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S.
No. 961) to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to make partition of the reservation
of Me-shin-go-me-sia, a Miami Indian chief;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
removal op disabilities.
Mr. HILL. I ask for unanimous consent
to introduce a bill, and I desire to have it con-
sidered at the present time. I appeal to gen-
tlemen, particularly from the southern States,
around me, not to load this little bill with other
names.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
have asked for the consideration of bills, but
the Secretary will report the title of this bill.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S.
No. 962) to relieve George N. Forbes of the
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States; and it was read twice.
Mr. HILL. I have only to state to the Sen-
ate that this individual has been elected to the
office of ordinary of the county in which he
lives, his predecessor having died. He never
was anything but a justice of the peace in the
county; he merely held little insignificant
offices. He is a man of no political conse-
quence in the State, not enough for me to
know him. I never saw him or heard of him
before, that I know of. I ask the Senate to
do this much for the county of Talbot—give
the people the officer they have elected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to acting on the bill at the present time ?
Mr. HILL. This gentleman was elected in
January.
The bill was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HILL. I have hundreds of important
names that I should like to take care of, but I
will not load the bill with them.
Mr. POMEROY. Has he asked for this
over his own signature ?
Mr. HILL. He has, and it has passed the
other House in a large bill. He is very anxious
to have his disabilities removed.
Mr. POMEROY. Has he been elected to
any office ?
Mr. HILL. That is the reason I ask for
the passage of the bill. He was elected by
a majority of the people of his county to
the office of ordinary, which is the same as
prothonotary, orphan's judge, &c., in other
States.
Mr. POMEROY. Did they know when they
voted for him that he was disqualified ?
Mr. HILL. I cannot answer whether they
knew that or not. I do not know the degree
of intelligence there, but I understood there
were fourteen candidates contending for this
small office, which shows that there was some
anxiety about it, and he was elected.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The passage of
the bill requires a two-thirds vote. [Putting
the question.] The ayes appear to have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that bill on its pas-
sage?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to offer an
amendment.
Mr. HILL. If the bill is to be amended, I
am willing that it be laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois is recognized.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not amendable after
the third reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move, then, to recon-
sider the vote ordering the bill to a third read-
ing, with a view of offering an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is still sub-
ject to objection. The Senator from Illinois
moves to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is an objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet. If
any Senator objects, the bill is removed from,
the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is not
before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it be subject to
amendment when it comes up again ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be, cer-
tainly, if the vote be reconsidered. •
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will not the Senator
from Iowa allow it to be reconsidered with a
view of enabling me to present the amend-
ment?
Mr. HILL. I will inquire of the Senator
from Illinois if he proposes to amend it by
adding another name ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I propose to amend it
by adding the general bill for the removal of
political disabilities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I am opposed to
the reconsideration, and the bill goes over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made to the reconsideration.
Mr. HILL. I hope the Senator from Illi-
nois will not press that. He may have an
opportunity very soon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill of the
Senator from Georgia is not before the Sen-
ate, objection having been made.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed by him
