1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
proposition would setem to turn upon this point,
that there is no immediate pressing necessity
for this mint, I have stated that although
there is perhaps no immediate necessity exist-
ing at the present time, it is reasonable to
expect that it will exist ere long.
As the Senator from Kansas has just stated,
we have an enterprise, the Southern Pacific
railroad, just fairly inaugurated, that runs
along the northern boundary of the republic
of Mexico in close proximity with Chihuahua,
Sonora, and other Mexican States, with a
projected branch already granted and subsi-
dized by the Congress of Mexico from a point
on the northern boundary of that republic
intersecting the Texas Pacific, thence running
to Guaymas, and inevitably destined to open up
that whole country to our trade. Then we have
a tide-water road projected from New Orleans
westward via Houston to Romaor some point
on the Rio Grande, and penetrating to the very
center of Mexico, tapping the best and richest
gold and silver deposit portion of that republic.
Thus placed in close commercial intercourse
with the mineral resources of Mexico by rail-
roads, which directly connect New Orleans
with Mexico, and which must control the Mex-
ican trade,, with, as I have already said, a
steamship line such as is contemplated by a
bill now upon our Calendar, and which, I
hope, the Senate will soon favorably consider,
putting us in direct communication with Mex-
ican and Spanish American ports, added to a
more liberal system of commercial intercourse
with the countries south of us than now exists,
and which should speedily be inaugurated, it
is easy to see that at no distant day there will
be an absolute necessity for a branch mint at
New Orleans; but Senators say there is never
likely to be any such necessity.
Why, sir, it was but a few years since, com-
paratively speaking, that it was questioned
whether the Alleghany mountains were not the
legitimate western boundary of all the States
of tiiis Republic. Later, after the acquisition
of Florida and Louisiana, broader and more
liberal views began to obtain. Then it was
thought purhaps it would be well to estab-
lish a tier of States west of the Mississippi
and then stop. No one then dreamed of
ever going beyond this boundary lino ; but our
energy and enterprise soon again broke through
this boundary, and it has known no limit until
it has finally reached the Pacific, and estab-
lished a net-work of commercial intercourse
all over the country from the Atlantic to the
Pacific. Then who shall say that in the not
distant future, with our Southern Pacific and
other railroads running from New Orleans
projected—some of them partially built—
who shall say that in four or five years that
whole country will not be directly connected
by a close commercial intercourse with New
Orleans, pouring its precious metals into
her lap and receiving in exchange her com-'
modities? If this should be so surely there
will be greater necessity, or at least as great,
for the recstablishment of the mint at New
Orleans as there exists now for maintaining a
mint even in San Francisco, or at any other
point.
Sir, these conclusions are not mere conjec-
ture, they are susceptible of proof, they can
be amply corroborated. Now I wish to make
an appeal to Senators. Coming back to the
original proposition, the question is whether
you are willing to appropriate fifteen, twenty,
twenty-five, or even thirty thousand dollars a
year for, say, five years, making, say, $150,000,
or whether you will give up seven or eight
hundred thousand dollars worth of property
to the city of New Orleans, and then be com-
pelled, in the language of the Senator from
Kansas, in a few years to make an appropria-
tion to reestablish a branch mint in New Or-
leans at great cost? I confess, looking to the
immediate interest of Now Orleans, I incline
to the opinion that she would make the best
bargain by taking her property, and in a few
years getting a mint at the expense of the
Government.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. What are the terms of
the grant on which he says there will be a
reversion to New Orleans?
Mr. KELLOGG. I will read it.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to know
the very language.
Mr. KELLOGG. The grant made by the
city of New Orleans on the 19th day of June,
1835, was predicated upon a resolution adopted
by the, common council which reads thus—I
will only read a portion of it:
" And be it further resolved, That should it here-
after be deemed necessary by the Government of the
United" States to remove the mint contemplated to
be established as aforesaid, or cease to occupy it for
such purpose, then the said act to be null and void."
A conveyance was executed on the part of
the city to the United States Government, which
contained the following provision:
"Provided, however. That should it hereafter be
deemed necessary by the Government of the United
States to remove themint contemplated to be estab-
lished as aforesaid, or to cease to use it for such pur-
pose, then this act to be null and void."
This property stands near Jackson square ;
it is on Esplanade street, near the river, and
is a most valuable property. The Secretary
of the Treasury estimates it is worth eight
hundred thousand dollars or more, I believe.
The building itself has cost the Government,
he says, nearly six hundred thousand dollars.
The site occupies almost or quite an entire
square, as I recollect. It is, as I have said,
near Jackson square, near the river, on Levee
street, bounded by Esplanade, Levee, and
Barracks streets ; and now, when the city ask
for their own, for it is so " nominated in the
bond," it is said very gravely, "We do not
propose to either reestablish the branch mint
or let you have your property back."
Mr. President, I insist on this amendment
now, because, as my friend from Texas [Mr.
Hamilton] remarked the other day, a modest
man stands very little chance here. I am, I
believe, almost the only Senator from the
South who has offered an amendment to this
bill of any consequence. An amendment has
already been adopted to-day revising the cler-
ical force of the Interior Department, a meas-
ure which ought to have been reported in a
separate bill, surely, if this one had, and now
objection is made to my amendment which
is clearly pertinent to the part of the bill
to which it is offered, relating, as it does, to
appropriations for branch mints and coining
purposes.
1 stand hero, sir, and ask simply that the
city of New Orleans be given back what she is
entitled to claim, what is her right, or that
the Government shall reestablish the branch
mint, in that city.
If the Senate are not ready to let us have
the mint, if we cannot do any better I will
accept the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance the other day, which was
to strike out the clause providing for the re-
establishment of the branch mint, and give
back the property to the city; but I prefer
that you should keep the propex-ty and let us
have the mint, because I see in the not far
distant future the absolute necessity for it;
and looking to the interest of New Orleans,
as well as to the interest of the General Gov-
ernment, I prefer that the Government should
keep the property and maintain the mint.
If it will not maintain the mint, then I re-
peat again give us back this property; it is so
nominated in the bond ; and within five years
from now you will probably have to appropri-
ate $500,000 to buy the laud upon which to
put another mint. You may have to expend
twice that amount to get as eligible a site as
the present one, and then you will have to ex-
pend a million or more to erect a building and
put in it the machinery requisite for the purpose.
That is the whole case in a nutshell. I am
much obliged to my friend from California for
the time he has allowed me on a proposition
of real merit. I admit it was asking a good
deal of him to allow me to say this much.
This amendment is germane to the bill, much
more so I insist than some amendments already
adopted. It has more merit, and it invokes
the attention of every Senator, because it is
of great interest not only to the people I rep-
resent, but also to the General Government.
Mr. COLE. The Senator's "remark or
two " have been very long and very eloquent,
and his appeal to the Senate of course would
be a good one if there were any merit what-
ever in it. This proposition either proposes
an appropriation, or it does not. If there is
an appropriation involved in it. it ought to
have the consideration of the committee; and
my point of order is good. He, however, tried
to get over that point by stating that there was
no appropriation in the amendment as first
presented by him; but now, as amended since
that time, it necessarily will involve appro-
priations, and he is now talking about an
appropriation of $30,000 a year for five years,
during which time we are to have the proof
that there will be something to do in that
locality in the way of minting or assaying. It
either involves an appropriation, as 1 said, in
which case it should goto the committee, or it
does not; and if it does not, it is legislation
and has no business on this bill. The chair-
man of the Committee on Finance has stated
he will bring it up as an independent measure
in its place on the Calendar within a week or
two, and have it considered, as it should be,
independent of an appropriation bill. I insist
on my motion, that the amendment lie on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the amendment He on the table.
A division was called for; and the ayes were
ten.
Mr. COLE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; andbeingtaken, resulted—
yeas 21, nays 25 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Borernan, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cole, Ed-
munds, Frcliiighuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pratt,
Scott, Sherman, Tipton, Wilson, and YVright—-21.
NaYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia. Ferry of Michigan, Flana-
gan, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, liill, Hitchcock. John-
ston, Kellogg, Norwood, i'orncroy. Pool, Ramsey,
Rice. Robertson, Spencer, Stevenson, Stoekton.
Thurman, Viekers, and West—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Caldwell, Chandler,
Clayton. Conkling, Corbett, Crngin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of
Maryland,ilarlan, Howe, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Mor-
ton, Nye, Patterson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scburz,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, and Win-
dom—27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I voted against laying
the amendment on the table, but I shall not
vote for the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, [Mr. Kellogg.] I voted
against laying it on the table, because I think
this question ought to be understood, and some
definite decision ought perhaps be made by
Congress upon it.
The qualified grant of Jackson square by
the city of New Orleans to the Government
of the United States for the purposes of a
mint has this condition in it:
" Provided, however, That should it hereafter be
deemed necessary by the Government of the United
States to remove the mint contemplated in the
establishment aforesaid, or to cease to occupy it
for such purposes, then this act to be null and
void."
" This act" is the same as if it were " this
deed." It is a proceeding according to the
civil law before a notary, and is called an act
instead of a deed. The land has not yet re-
verted to the city of New Orleans because the
Government of the United States has not
resolved, in the language of the grant, to
remove the mint from that lot or to cease to
