514
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
Ho. op Reps.
Miscellaneous Appropriations—Mr. Starkweather.
42d Cong....2d
merit, and fair, truthful representation, you will be
enabled to convince them of their errors.
Given under my hand and the great seal of the
t. q "i Territory, this 15th day of August, A. D.
l j 1871. a.p. K. SAFFORD.
By the Governor:
Theo. i\ White,
Assistant Secretary of the Territory.
Upon the arrival of the commissioner in the
Territory he was formally invited to visit the
capital, and rooms were prepared for him in
my own house, but, although visiting Camp
Grant, but fifty miles distant, he refused to
accept, and even neglected the simple cour-
tesy of acknowledging the receipt of the invi-
tation. Daring bis tour in the Territory
he seemed to give his confidence only to the
Indians, whom he seldom reproved for their
outrages, and to a few military officer's and
sycopnants, while, as I have already said, he
steadily refused to confer with the settlers, or
even with the civil officers, or to express sym-
pathy for American or Mexican.
In a calm and dispassionate review of his
proceedings, addressed to a leading journal
of San Francisco, the Governor of the Terri-
tory makes this statement:
"Mr. Colyer passed mostly through the Uninhabited
portions of the Territory, and did not seek, and evi-
dently did not desire to gather information, except
upon the Indian side of the question. He seemed
to ignore the fact that the people of this Territory
were oitizens of the United States, and had struggled
in poverty many long years to hold possession of
the country: and he probably does not know, and
perhapsdoes not care, that nearly every house in the
Territory is a houso of mourning for some loved one
whom theso savagos have murdered, and in some
oases tortured, and that a large majority of thoso
who survive are in rags in oonsequence of robberies
that havo been inflicted on them. 1 should have
boen glad to havo met him and pleaded with him
in the light of all former experiences to not again
place the poor suffering settlors of this Territory
under the heel of the savage Apache, which General
Crook had just commenced to raise; but ho treated
with silent contempt every ovcrturo of friendly
cooperation extended by both officials and oitizens,
and in a hasty trip through Arizona arrogated to
himself more knowledge on the Apache question
than all those who have rnado it a study during the
past twenty years by practical observation and ex-
porieiHio."
Why,the commissioner pursued this strange
course, conteuted himself with a hurried trip,
guarded by cavalry and limited to a small part
of the Territory, and finally made conclusions
notoriously inaccurate and unwarrantable, I
am at a loss to explain, excepting upon the
popular belief that he went to the Territory
with a theory which he was determined to main-
tain under all circumstances. It will not do
for him to say that his instructions did not
direct him to confer with the people. They
did not prohibit his doing so, and the dictates
of common sense and tairnesa should have
shown him that he could not possibly under-
stand the Apache question in all its bearings
and intelligently propose a solution without
studying it from the stand-point of the settler
as well as from that of the savage. Especially
when, as he believed, the people were disposed
to misunderstand his mission should be have
taken pains to have removed all prejudice
against it and the policy he was supposed to
represent. Naturally his course disheartened
the long-suffering yet patient men of Arizona,
and gave them reason to fear the Government
meant utterly to ignore their presence and
security, and only to accept the eastern poetic
notion of J.he Apache, while very sad costly
experience had given them to know his brutal
nature, and the impossibility of a stranger's
comprehending his dark ways in a brief
sojourn in the Territory, even without preju-
dice of any kind.
As an official but not pleasing duty, owing
to it long acquaintance with Mr. Colyer, I had
proposed at this time to dissect liis extraordin-
ary reports, and to show—for which I have
abundant material—in what prejudice or ignor-
ance, or both, they abound, however wellraeaut,
and tjow singularly unjust they are to my con-
stituents and to unquestioned history. But
this is now rendered unnecessary by the thor-
ough and merciless exposure these reports
have received at the hands of the press, and
the fact that almost daily the telegraph brings
evidence of fresh treachery and savagery on
the part of many of the very Indians whom
Mr. Colyer, in his mistaken sympathy and
superficial acquaintance, pronounced honest,
peaceably disposed, ready to accept and re-
main upon the reservations and to make no
further trouble.
Where he boasted he made peace, receiving
the promises of the Indians as in good faith,
there is no peace; and of the Apaches who
were upon reservations while he was in the
Territory, a large proportion have, without
provocation, returned to the war-path, in one
or more cases taking Government stock with
them, and actually firing upon the troops who
sought to protect it. It is not strange that
Governor Safford, in the review to which I
have referred, should say :
"No one is deserving any good credit for making
this kind of a peace. The wickedest man in New
York, armed and supplied as Mr. Colyer was, oould
have done as well as he. There is not a oitizen of
Arizona who oannot bribe his way through the coun-
tryif the Governmentwill provide him with thesame
facilities Mr. Colyer was provided with; but unfor-
tunately, wo neither have money nor goods, nor can
we bo provided with ample escorts, and when we
travel wo aro compelled to do so at the peril of our
lives. It is evident to the people of Arizona from
sad, practical every-day experience, that there is no
peace, and it must be apparent to every thinking
mind that the Colyer policy will never lead to peace."
Even Cochise, at whose bidding, as Halleck
sang of Red Jacket,
" Men have crowded
The road to death as to a festival."
has by his surrender shown no influence over
the Apaches sufficient to at all compensate for
his long career of blood and torture, or per-
ceptibly to lessen the extent of their depreda-
tions.
Every hour makes it more apparent, despite
all mistaken humanitarian outcry to the con-
traiy, that the Apaches, as a class, must be
forced upou the reservations, and can only be
kept there by force. All the tribes on the
northern Pacific coast had to be subdued and
driven upon the reservations, and subsequently
the same policy was pursued with the Coman-
ches, Kiowas, Cheyennes and Arapahoes.
But should the Arizona Apaches voluntarily
go upon the reservations and accept the Gov-
ernment bounty, as a few have done, it will
be a stupendous and costly farce (as it has
proven to be at Camp Grant and elsewhere) to
permit them to leave at will; and in the name
and on behalf of my constituents, and for the
security of their lives and property, their homes
and families, and the safety of those who have
to travel through the Territory, I protest
against it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Arizona,
[Mr. McCobmxck,] on which debate is ex-
hausted.
The amendment was adopted.
Miscellaneous Appropriations.
SPEECH 01? HON H. H. STARKWEATHER,
op connecticut,
In the House op Representatives,
May 23, 1872.
The House being in Committee of the Whole
and having under consideration the bill (H. R. No.
2705) making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the fiscal year ending June
30.1873, and for other purposes, and an amendment
having boen offered to appropriate $5,000 for the
care and protection of public property at the naval
station at New London, Connecticut—
Mr. STARKWEATHER said:
Mr. Chairman : I move to amend the
amendment by increasing the amount to $25,-
000. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale]
and the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Archer] seem to be very anxious that we
should economize; yet both ofthose gentlemen
last year went against the recommendation of
the Committee on Appropriations, and when
not one dollar had been expended at League
Island; when nothing had been done there
more than had been done at New London;
when the title to that island had not been
accepted by the Government for as long a
time as it had accepted the title for the New
London navy-yard; when, according to the
estimates of the Navy Department, it would
cost $10,000,000 to fit up a navy-yard at
League Island, both of these gentlemen, against
the unanimous report of the Committee on
Appropriations, voted last year to appropriate
the sum of $250,000 for that League Island
navy-yard. That is a specimen of th-eir econ-
omy as shown by their votes. The gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Archer] says that we
have navy-yards enough, more than we need:
yet he came forward last year, and against the
recommendation of the Committee on Appro-
priations voted to appropriate $250,000 for
League Island; and so did the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
Now, what has become of the $250,000 appro-
priated last year? They took that money, dug
out a back channel, and built ap the surface of
the island, which is below high tide. And now
they  ome here and aak for $500,000 more, to
continue that same work, which in the end must
cost the Government some ten or fifteen mil-
lion dollars. I refer to the fact, which the
gentleman cannot deny, as a specimen of the
economy of the gentleman from Maine and the
gentleman from Maryland.
Now, they have no such accommodations for
a navy-yard at League Island as we have at
New London. Last winter, when the Delaware
river was closed, and the Chattanooga was
crushed to pieces by the ice, and became a per-
fect wreck at League Island, a vessel that cost
the Government $500,000, the Secretary of
the Navy ordered vessels from the Brooklyn
navy-yard to the New London navy-yard, and
they are there to day. I have read his lan-
guage. He says the good faith of the Gov-
ernment is pledged for an appropriation for
New London.
The only trouble about New London is this:
we have nobody on the Committee on Appro-
priations to look after it. If we had, we might
get $500,000 appropriated easier than we can
get$20,000now. Weaskforonly$20,000. The
Secretary of the Navy says the good faith of
the Government is pledged for it. We say the
interest of the country requires it. We say
we have vessels there which are better kept
than any that are kept at League Island. And
when vessels are destroyed at League Island,
and other vessels are in danger at Brooklyn,
the Secretary of the Navy, who has no especial
interest in New London, but merely as a mat-
ter of safety and economy, orders vessels to
be sent from the Brooklyn navy-yard to New
London.
That is why I have offered this amendment
for an appropriation of $25,000. Yet, when I
do so these gentlemen who are so economical
oppose it, and the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, [Mr. Garfield,] opposes
the proposition, when he admits that N ew
London is the best place for a navy-yard,
and complains of the large appropriation for
League Island.
Now, I say it is a shame, when all the com
missions have reported in favor of New Lon-
don, when the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations says that New London is the
best place, when the Secretary of the Navy
orders vessels there for safety, that we cannot
get a small appropriation of $20,000 for that
navy-yard.
The cession of this tract of land to the
