1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2359
to the bill (H. E. No. 1654) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and for
former years, and for other purposes ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
industrial training association.
Mr. WILSON. I ask consent to call up
the bill to which I referred, (Senate bill No.
935) incorporating the National Soldiers' and
Sailors' Orphan Industrial Training Associa-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The morning hour has
expired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection  
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, there is ever so much
objection. We have no constitutional power
to pass the bill, in the first place, and we ought
not to pass it if we had.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished business
of yesterday, beiug Senate bill No. 2, is before
the Senate; but by unanimous consent, on
this day at one o'clock the Chair was to award
the floor to the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan,] representing the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections, to move to lay on the
table whatever unfinished business might then
be pending, to take up the North Carolina
election case. The Senator from Illinois is
now entitled to the floor.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to inquire of the
Chair what position Senate bill No. 2 has,
before the floor is awarded to the Senator
from Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
perhaps hurriedly, so that the Senator did not
hear, that at one o'clock the unfinished busi-
ness of last evening, being the oldest special
order, Senate bill No. 2, the customs bill, re-
ported by the Senator from New York, came
up before the Senate, but some time since, by
the unanimous consent of the Senate, instead
of making the North Carolina election case a
special order, the Chair was instructed to rec-
ognize the Senator from Illinois, representing
the majority of the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, to move to lay upon thetablewhat-
ever unfinished business might be pending to
take up the North Carolina election case. That
was postponed for a week on account of illness
in the family of one of the Senators, and then
further postponed until to-day. The Chair,
therefore, by order of the Senate recognizes
the Senator from Illinois. _ The. customs bill
is before the Senate, but liable to be laid on
the table or postponed on motion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
Mr. FENTON. Allow me to suggest then
that the customs bill be informally laid aside
with the understanding that it shall be consid-
ered as before the Senate after the North Car-
olina case.
Mr. STEWART. I shall have to object to
that unless I can get five minutes at some time
to dispose of a bill which I have been trying
to get acted upon for a long time. I shall have
to object to that arrangement if it prevents me
from getting a vote on the coal bill. I do not
think that bill will lead to any discussion
at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator trom
Illinois is in possession of the floor. If he
yields to this colloquy 
Mr. LOGAN. 1 do not yield any further.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada objects to informally passing over the
special order, and the Senator from Illinois
declines to yield further.
Mr. LOGAN. I submit the motion that all
other business be laid aside informally and
the North Carolina election case taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made to informally passing over the unfinished
business. The Senator from Illinois moves to
lay the customs bill on the table. It will still
remain a special order on the Calendar, but
will be laid on the table to be resumed here-
after.
Mr. FENTON. _ I shall make no opposi-
tion to its being laid on the table for the pur-
pose of taking up the North Carolina case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will come
up after that, as I understand.
Mr. FENTON. I give notice that I shall
insist on its being brought before the Senate
for action after that case is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the Senator from Maine. If the cus-
toms bill is laid on the table, it will come up
after the election case shall be disposed of, un-
less there should be some unfinished business,
which would have priority over everything
else. This bill is the oldest special order.
The Senator from Illinois now moves that the
special order be laid over for the purpose of
considering the North Carolina election case.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois now moves to take up the election case.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator give
way for five minutes to enable me to get a
vote on the coal bill? I find myself utterly
unable to get it up during the morning hour.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The Senator cannot
get a vote on that bill, in ten minutes or in
half an hour.
Mr. LOGAN. If I could do so I should
have no objection to granting the Senator's
request; but half a dozen other Senators make
the same appeal to me.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The Senator from
Nevada evidently cannot get a vote on that
bill in a few moments, as he imagines.
Mr. LOGAN. If 1 were to yield, the time
of the Senate would only be taken up for
nothing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no division
is demanded, the North Carolina case is before
the Senate; if a division is demanded, the
Chair will put the question. There is no
division demanded. The North Carolina elec-
tion is before the Senate, and the Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor upon it.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a concurrent reso-
lution that House bill No. 2031, for the relief
of Peck, Van Horn & Co., of Harrison county,
State of Kentucky, be corrected and enrolled
for Peck, Van Hook & Co., that being the
proper name and style of the firm for whom
the relief is intended.
The message also announced that the House
had- passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 694) to prevent cruelty
to animals while in transit by railroad or other
means of transportation within the United
States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1898) to extend the time
for providing a college under an act entitled
" An act donating public lands to the several
States and Territories which may provide col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts," approved July 2, 18G2, in
the State of Indiana, to March 1, 1873.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 101) for the relief of F.
B. Brayton;
A bill (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of
Augustine Bacon;
A bill (H. R. No. 1288) for the relief of Slu-
man S. Bailey, collector of internal revenue
for the fourth district of Michigan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1546) for the relief of
George H. Rupp ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1700) for'the relief of
Battelle & Evans.
taxes on spirits destroyed in bond.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill that I
reported a few days ago from the Committee
on Finance that affects the constituents of the
Senator from Illinois somewhat. It partly
grows out of the Chicago fire. It is a general
bill to authorize the canceling of bonds where
the spirits for which the bonds were given have
been destroyed by casualities, without fraud,
collusion, or negligence on the part of the
owner. The Committee on Finance have re-
ported a bill, general in its character, to cover
a great number of private claims of the kind
pending in the committee. Among the rest it
covers the Chicago fire, the fire in Pittsburg, the
fire in Delaware, and several other places. The
bill is general in its character, and ought to be
disposed of. If any Senator objects to it
after it is read I will not ask the Senator from
Illinois to give way ; but I should like to have
it acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read,
subject to objection or to a demand for the
regular order by the Senator from Illinois, or
any other Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state before it is
read that the reason why I ask its present con-
sideration is that it is the duty of the officers
of the law within a certain time to press the
collection of these bonds for spirits, and it
embarrasses them because they have difficulty
in delaying longer.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 881) to provide for the
abatement or repayment of taxes on distilled
soirits in bond destroyed by casualty. It au-
thorizes the Secretary of the Treasury, upon
the production of satisfactory proof to him_of
the actual destruction of any distilled spirits,
by accidental fire or other casualty, while they
remained in the custody of any officer ot the
internal revenue in any bonded warehouse ot
the United States, to abate or refund, as the
case may be, the amount of internal revenue
taxes paid or accruing thereon, and to cancel
any warehouse bond, or enter satisfaction
thereon, in whole or in part, as the case may
be. This act is to take effect in all cases of
loss or destruction of distilled spirits which
have occurred since the 1st of January, 1868.
The Committee on Finance reported the
bill with an amendment, to insert after the
word "casualty," in line six of section one,
the words: "and without any fraud, collu-
sion, or negligence of the owner of such
spirits."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I suggest to the chairman of
the Committee on Finance whether there
should not be an amendment made to the bill,
which is suggested to me by having examined
the case of a distillery at Peoria, which was
destroyed by fire in 1870, and some two thou-
sand barrels of highwines were burned at that
time. A bill for the relief of the owner was
introduced and referred to the Committee on
Claims. That bill contains a provision 
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill covers that case,
and perhaps about ten or twelve_ others
that have been referred to the Committee on
Finance. It is general in its character, and
goes back and covers losses that have occurred
since the 1st of January, 1868.
Mr. PRATT. I am coming now to the sug-
gestion I was about to make when I arose. In
that case Mr. Farrell, the owner, had been in-
sured to the amount probably of one halt ot
the property that was destroyed, including also
the spirits, and there was a provision m that,
bill that so far as he was protected by insur-
ance for the highwines he should not be re-
lieved from the tax upon the spirits, fifty cents
a gallon. My suggestion is whether there
should not be a similar amendment made to
this general bill.
