1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3255
coerce the passage of any bill, bat that he
would not be in favor of passing an amnesty
bill until a minority in another branch of the
Legislature should be willing to take a fair vote
upon a question connected with it. That was
all.
Mr. STEVENSON. And what is that but
coercion ? Who has the right to say that there
has not bpen a fair vote in the House? Who
has ihe right in this Senate to asperse the
motives of Representatives in the other branch
when they refuse to pass any matter of legis-
lation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let hie suggest to the
Senator that, the Senator from Ohio did use
the word "force." His language was:
" I would certainly, if I could, forcc a minority to
allow a fair vote on the civil rights bill before I
would vote for the amnesty bill."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not forcing legis-
lation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is forcing the other
House.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator from
Vermont says that is not forcing legislation.
Prav, what is it? '"If you will vote for my
bill, I will vote for your bill; but if you will
not vote for such a measure; if you are not
willing to let the Senator from Massachusetts
introduce his civil rights bill, then I do not
intend to let vou have any amnesty."
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; that is not what the
Senator from Ohio said at all. He did not
say that if the House would not pass the civil
rights bill he would not go for amnesty; but
he said ihat he would insist upon fair play,
and that if a minority of the other body, who
are engaged in legislating upon a subject that
is intimately connected with this, refuse to act
upon the measure, he did not feel obliged to
act upon one here. That was what he said.
Mr. STEVENSON. My honorable friend, I
know, is very astute and very subtle. He is like
the lapwing that atiempis to persuade you that
its wing its broken in order to take you from
its nest. But, sir, he cannot take me from
this issue. I asseit the fact that the honor-
able Senator from Ohio virtually said: "I
intend to vote, and I want everybody to vote
for 1 be civil rights bill, and if you do not vote
for the civil righis bill, then I will attempt to
check the majority of the House of Represent-
atives by preventing their wishes, the wishes
of the popular branch of this Government, an
independent branch of the Congress of the
United Slaies, from having effect, by using the
power of the majority here to check it; but if
you give us a civil rights bill, then the major-
ity of the other House can have their way,
and their bill may become a law." Is not
that, a bargain ? Is not that quasi coercion?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a moment ?
Mr. STEVENSON. With pleasure.
_ Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it is not
just, to present the Senator Irom Ohio as say-
ing that, he would not vote for an amnesty bill
until a minority e'sewhere had voted for the
civil rights bill. He did not say that, but he
said he would not vote for such a bill until a
minority there would allow a majority to vote
for a civil rights bill. Does the Senator mean
to stand here ill defense of a minority that may
by filibustering or by the consumption of time
prevent a vote from being taken? Can such
action as that be justified here or elsewhere?
lhat is all the Senator from Ohio meant to
sav : that he would not vote for an amnesty
bill until a minority should not vote for a civil
rights bill, but allow others to do it who wanted
an opportunity of doing it,. That is all; and
if the Senator will consider it in that light, I
think he cannot make much of an argument
against it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, gen
tlemen cannot escape this issue. Able, elo-
quent, ingenious, astute as the distinguished
Senators trom Vermont and Indiana are known
o be, they cannot explain away the language
of the Senator from Ohio. I have not intended
to do him any injustice. I have quoted his
language, and the country will judge whether
I am right or whether his distinguished apol-
ogists are right. The Senator from Ohio said
yesterday:
"Now, with my conviction that the civil rights
bill and the amnesty bill ought to go together,
ought both to pass, both being kindred in character,
although somewhat dissimilar in their parliamentary
form, ali I desire to secure isafairvote in the House
on the subjecr-matter of the bill proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts."
There is no misunderstanding that; there is
no explaining that away.
Mr. MORTON. It is not very bard to justify
that, either.
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, I think it would
be very hard to justify it anywhere, because the
Senator from Indiana knows that his party
with the large three fourths majority they
have in this Chamber could have passed a
civil rights bill at any time. Why have they
not done it? They have had the civil rights
bill on the Calendar since the first day of the
session. Why have they not passed it? Why
.have they dodged it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I answer the Senator?
Mr. STEVENSON. I yield. It interrupts
my argument somewhat, but I yield with pleas-
ure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly did not intend
to disturb my honorable friend ; but the
answer seempd to he pretty easy.
Mr. STEVENSON. I yield. I shall be
glad to hear the Senator's answer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the course of my friend's argument,
because I know he is sincere. The answer to
that is just simply this: that when w.e see pre-
cisely the same bill in substance hanging in
the House of Representatives by the opera-
tions of a minority resisting a vote, not refus-
ing to vote for it, but preventing a vote being
reached, where is the use of this body, with
its three fourths, wasting its own time and
that of the country in passing one just like it,
and sending it over there to meet the same
fate?
Mr. STEVENSON. That argument did not
apply to the tariff. That argument has not
applied to various other matters of legislation.
It is curious that this single act of legislation
is the only one which embodies those views.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The cause of that is that
the tariff does not meet the treatment from a
minority that this measure of justice and equal
rights seems to meet, and for a reason that is
very obvious to everybody who his studied the
history of parties in this country.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think the tariff has
met worse treatment. When we passed a
tariff bill it was not even considered by the
House. It was laid indignantly upon the table.
But now I come back to the question, and
I want the Senator from Indiana and the Sen-
ator from Vermont to answer me; why did you
not, with your three fourths majority in this
Chamber, pass that civil rights bill more than
a year ago? We could not have prevented
it. Your President was in favor of it. You
have attempted to make the people believe
that you are the exclusive advocates of colored
equality. Why have you been as dumb as the
tomb on that question? When your President
recommends an amnesty bill, and the House
of Representatives, fresh from the people, pass
several amnesty bills and send them to this
Chamber, the moment one is reached you
attempt to put upon it this slumbering bill for
civil rights, hoping thereby to kill amnesty,
and then the honoiable Senator fiom Ohio,
with large legislative experience, rises and
says:
•' But I would certainly, if I could, force a minor-
ity to allow a fair vote on the civil rights bill before
I would vote for the amnesty bill, because these two
bills, in my judgment, ought to ga together.'
T say the bills have no connection. I say
they are not germane to one another. I say that
a two-thirds vote isrequired to pass one, while
a majority vote only is required to pass the
other. I say if gentlemen are really sincere
in their attempt to pass a civil rights bill, it is
a curious devotion to such a measure, when
you could pass it by a majority, to wait until
you can tack it to a measure which requires
two thirds. And when before did the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, or the honorable
Senator from Vermont, ever hear the proposi-
tion advanced in this Chamber by a leader that
he would force a measure by attempting to
tack another to it?
I have not had much legislative experience,
but I have always heard that log-rolling in
legislation was immoral, was unwise, and was
vicious. I have heard men who in former
times graced the Supreme bench of the United
States in judicial opinions intimate that such
log-rolling was disreputable. But now we
hear it boldly advocated. The Senator from
Ohio says that amnesty, requiring a two-thirds
vote, and civil rights, requiring but a majority
vote, shall go pari passu through this Cham-
ber. If they do not go as Siamese twins, he
says they shall not go at all. He says further,
1 avow my purpose in voting for this substi-
tute to be t,o coerce the minority in the House;"
and my distinguished friend from Indiana says
that is to break up filibustering!
M r. President, 1 had no idea of taking any part
in this discussion. I have no objection to meet
with my vote the civil rights bill, so called,
whenever it comes up. 1 have desired that
we should have a fair vote on amnesty. The
dominant party in this Chamber have got to
meet this question. If they are opposed to
amnesty let them say so. The leader of that
new party which is just in its swaddling-bands,
to which the Senator from Indiana referred,
proclaims that he is for amnesty, that he has
always been for amnesty. If you have the
manhood to meet the issue put your foot upon
this bill; kill it openly and squarely; and lot
us go before the people and perhaps we shall
have an issue.
Mr. Pi evident, wise and conservative legis-
lation in this enlightened day demands now, as
in the past, that, to use a homely and not very
classical phrase, " every tub should stand on its
own bottom." Whenever you attempt to kill
any measure by tacking another lo it, when-
ever you say " I will go for this bill if you will
go for that," the wise and conservative spirit
ihat in the past has marked the delibeiations
of this Chamber and sanctified it in the mem-
ories of all the great men in this and in other
lands will have taken its flight, and the Senate
of the United States will have come down to
that low level where human passion aud hu-
man instinct and human interest shall regulate
our deliberations and regulate our action, in-
stead of that high and enlightened intelligence
and patriotism which alone should guide us in
our deliberations and in our action upon all
public measures.
Mr. FLANAGAN Mr. President, it is
not my intention to detain the Senate many
minutes. Indeed, I had no idea of partici-
pating in this debate at all; but some things
have dropped out in the course of it thai, are
so lich, that I am prompted to place them
before the Senate in a forcible light, if I am
able to do so.
The distinguished Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Blair,] who speaks eloquently and learn-
edly upon all occasions, distinguished himself
particularly upon the present occasion. I was
gratified to hear the sentiments expressed by
him, particularly if they were his candid senti-
ments, and I have no hesitation in saying they
were. Though I do not indorscthem, and differ
widely with him, yet I am gratified that he
has the candor to avow them ; for it is known
to the Senate and it is known to the American
people that he speaks from a high stand-point.
The distinguished position of the gentleman
a* present, as heretofore, makes abundantly
known that conclusion.
