568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
[Mr. Storm,] in pursuance of an understand-
ing V7e had in the committee room this morn-
ing, that after the occupation of such time as
I saw fit to occupy the remainder of my hour
should be yielded to him, to be occupied this
morning, as he thought he might be absent
to-morrow or on subsequent days. I desire
to reserve two minutes of my time in which to
make the motion to recommit the bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
having been made by the gentleman, has been
entered. In order that the House may fully
understand the condition of this bill, the Chair
will state that it is now in the morning hour,
and the gentleman in charge of it indicates his
intention to keep it in the morning hour until
disposed of. That, of course, will block the
receiving of reports from any other committee
until this has been disposed of.
Mr, KERB. 1 would like righthere to make
a suggestion to the House, and especially to
the gentleman [Mr. Perce] having control of
this oill.
The SPEAKER. The time occupied by gen-
tlemen in endeavoring to make some arrange-
ment concerning this bill will not be taken
from the time of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Storm.]
Mr. KERR. Certainly; that is what I de-
sire. This bill is conceded on all hands to
be a very important one; and in many of its
provisions and purposes i believe that most
of the gentlemen on this side concur. But it
appears to us over here that some of its pro-
visions are immature and very unsafe in tbeir
present form, and that they ought to be care-
fully considered and revised. My suggestion
is that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed to some day in the future, a week
or ten days hence, and made the special order
ill' the House at some specilied hour, and from
day to day until disposed of.
Mr. IIAWLEY. i second the suggestion of
tli0 gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kiorr. ]
livery member of the House must realize the
fact, if tliey have given any attention at all to
the subject, that this bill is a very important
one in every respect, proposing as it does a
new policy in regard to the disposition of the
proceeds of the public lands.
The SPEAKER. This Chair felt justified
in calling attention to the parliamentary sitn-
aiiou of thf bill, because the morning hour
being usually devoted to routine business,
it. is very important that it shall be reserved
for the transaction of that business. The
Chair will suggest, to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [.Mr. 1'euck, | if he concurs m the
proposition of tli« gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kkkr, j that the understanding should be
that this bill be made a .special order to tlie
exclusion of all other orders, so that it shall
be absolute.
Mr. liUUCriARD. And shall be consid-
ered in the House as in Committee, of the
Whole.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will not ob-
ject to the suggestion made in regard to this
bill, if it be made the special order for one day
only, but 1 must object to its being made the
special order from day to day.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to
determine whether one day or more shall be
given to the consideration of this bill.
Mr. GAUFIEijlJ, of Ohio. I meant that 1
should object to this bill being made a special
order indefinitely ; it bhould be limited as to
time.
Mr. PERCE. I cannot consent to any
arrangement of that hind.
The.SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. .Storm] is entitled to the floor
for twenty three minutes.
Mr. RANDALL When will a motion be in
Order to lay this bili on the table?
The SPEAKER. At any time when no
gentleman is occupying the floor for another
purpose.
Mr. STORM. I yield to the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. McIxtyke] for three min-
utes.
Mr. McINTYRE. I ask the Clerk to read
a substitute, which I desire at the proper time
to offer for this bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
A bill to distribute the net proceeds of the sales of
the public lands of tbo United States,
Be it enabled by the Senate and House of_ liepresent-
a'tive  of the United States of America in (Jongrets
aitcmblrd, That the not proceeds arising from tho
sale, entry, location, or other disposition of the pub-
lic lands of the United States be distributed in the
manner hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Interior shall
cause an account to be talteu, upon the eloseofeacti
fiscal year, and ascertain tho ninouut of expendi-
tures during that year, incurred in or occasioned by
the survey, sate, location, entry, or other disposition
of tho public lands of the United States, including
appropriations for tho expenses of tho general anu
district (and offices during such year, and the total
receipts from tbo sale or disposition of such lauds,
including nil fees received at &uch offices, and shall
certify to tho Secretary of the Treasury tho atuouiit.
of the net proceeds from tho sale, entry, location, or
other disposition ot such lands as atorcaaid, after
deducting such exponsesund expenditures,
Skc. ,'i. That upon the receipt, of such certificate
from the Secretary of the Interior, tho Secretary of
tho Treasury shall cause ttio not proceeds of said
sales of public lands to bo apportioned fo the sev-
eral States and Territories of the United States, and
to the District of Columbia, upon the basis of popu-
lation of tho la,st preceding general census of the
United States; and the amount so apportioned to
said States, Territories, and said District of Colum-
bia, rcspoctivoly, sha,ll be turned over and delivered
to such agent or other officer of said State, Territory,
or District, as may be designated or appointed by
said States, Territories, and said District, respect-
ively, to receive said apportionment, to bo used for
educational or other public purposes, in such man-
ner as said States, Tevri'ories, or said District may
respectively deem bestfortlie promotion of educa-
tional or other public interests within their respect-
ive juitsdicUous.
Mr. McINTYRE. It would appear that
now, when the people of the United States owe
over two billion dollars, it would probably be
unwise to make a distribution of the proceeds
ot the public lauds. Rut., sir, when we come
to consider that tho receipts into the Treasury
exceed the amount, of governmental expendi-
tures by something over ninety million dollars
annually; when we take into consideration the
further fact that over one hundred and lilty
million acres of the public lands have already
gone into tho hands of railroad companies 1
feel that it is only proper and just that a dis
tribution should be made of the entire fund
arising from the sales of these lands. Hence
I propose by this amendment the distribution
of the whole proceeds among the States of this
Union.
'fhe details of the original bill are objec-
tionable and ought to be objectionable to every
man who feels any interest in his State govern-
ment. Why do I say so? Simply from the fact
that by the Constitution of the UnitedStatesthe
powers of legislation have been distiibuted.
How distributed ? All those which the people
of the country desired the Congress of the
United States to exercise have been ascertained
and defined by the terms of the Constitution,
while all those powers which the people desired
should be prohibited to the States have also
been defined and set forth in the same instru-
ment. By the Constitution, all those powers
which have not, been delegated to the Congress
of the Unifed States, nor prohibited to the
States, are reserved to the States themselves.
Now, sir, since the organization of the Gen-
eral Government, under which we are legislat-
ing to-day, it has always been understood that
the power of regulating the common schools
belonged exclusively to the States; and I am
unwilling that, Congress should take from the
State? any of their reserved rights. The provis-
ions of the pending bill seek to vest the entire
controlof this fund in the General Government
without regard to the will of the respective
States.
I will say right here that, so far as I am
concerned, I want to see education promoted.
Within the last twenty days the Legislature
of Georgia has appropriated $300,000 for the
purpose of education; and that educational
system is not confined to the whites alone.
The colored people of that State are enti-
tled, under that law, to the sam« rights that
the whites will enjoy. I feel safe in express-
ing my belief that there is intelligence and
patriotism enough in tho State of Georgia
to-day to manage its proportion of this fund
properly if it is turned over to the State. I
believe there is sufficient intelligence and
patriotism in every State of the Union to carry
out this object. I do not believe that the State
of New York oj Pennsylvania or any other
State of the Union is so lost to virtue and
patriotism as to be unfaithful in tbp disposi-
tion of this fund. I am willing to trust every
one of the States in this regard. They have
managed this matter for themselves hereto-
fore, and I believe they can do it still. I hope
that the substitute which I offer will be adopted
in lien of the original bill, and that this whole
matter will be left, as the Constitution designed,
with the States. I thank the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Storm] for the time he has
given me.
Mr. STORM. Mr. Speaker, I shall be glad
on all occasions, when it is possible and con-
sistent with my views of duty, to support every
measure having for its object the education
of the people. All my hopes for the future
permanency of this Government,, with its
free institutions, are based upon the general
dissemination of knowledge among the peo-
ple, I concur in the opinion of Burke, who
regarded the education of the people as the
"cheap defense of nations." But, sir, when I
am asked to vote for a bill which I cannot
reconcile with the principles of the Constitu-
tion I cannot vote for it, however desirable
may be the object attempted to be reached.
It may be very desirable that the people all
over the country should be temperate, moral,
and religious. All these are desirable ends,
and calculated to promote the general welfare.
But gentlemen here will not pretend that,
because a tiling is desirable in itself, or
because the object to be reached is good,
Congress has the right to legislate upon the
subject.
No authority can be found in the Constitu-
tion for the passage of a bill of this kind, I
challenge gentlemen who differ with me on
this subject, to point to that part of the Con-
stitution which would support a measure of
this kind. There is but one clause in tho
Constitution that has reference in the remotest
degree to the subject of education, and that
is the clause empowering Congress "to pio-
mote the progress of science and useful arts;"
but the same clause provides how they are to
be "promoted"—"by securing for limited
times to authors and inventors the exclusive
right to their respective writings and discov-
eries." In no other part of the Constitution
is there any shadow of authority for a law of
this kind ; and we cannot derive the right from
that clause, because the manner of exercising
the power in question is specifically pointed
out; and, according to the maxim of the law,
the expression of one thing is the exclusion
of another.
The chairman who has charge of this bill
has attempted to find the right for its pas-
sage in the preamble to the Constitution. 1
think the gentleman is lawyer enough to know
tho preamble to the Constitution can never be
resorted to for such a purpose. It has been
expressly decided that it cajmot be resorted to
for the purpose even of enlarging the express
powers of the Government, ft cannot be re-
sorted to for the purpose of finding there a power
per se; it is not even a legitimate source of
authority for multiplying any of the implied
powers of the Government. If you can find
the power in the Constitution first, you may
refer back to the preamble for the purpose of
investigating the intention of the legislature,
or you may refer to it for the purpose of
interpreting or construing the language used
in a certain clause, but it cannot be resorted
