516
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
Ho/of Reps.
Miscellaneous Appropriations—Mr. Starkweather.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
'* The faot fchat a very largo tract of land has its
natural drainage through the yard, the right of way
for this drainage reserved for the city, and the form-
ation of the surrounding land such nx to render it
impossible, except at an enormous expense, to dis-
charge the contents of the public sewers outside the
limits of the yard, is now a grave injury. Vessels
newly coppered, lying near the discharge of these
sewers, require almost entire recoppering in a few
months, caused by the action of the acids from
manufacturing establishments, and other chemical
Agents/'
The letter of Admiral Godon, command-
ant of the Brooklyn navj'-yard, puts the ques-
tion of the removal of this yard in a most
clear and intelligent light:
Commandant's Office,
Navy-Yard, New York, February 10,1870.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your communication of the 2d instant, in which
you inform me that a bill has been introduced in the
House by General Slocum for the removal of the
navy-yard at this place to New London, Connecticut,
and requestmeto give my views on the subject, with
suoh facts and arguments as in my opinion may
bear upon it.
1 have no hesitation in stating frankly the prin-
cipal disadvantages of the site now occupied, and
the causes whiohin my opinion will ever render its
conversion into a first-class dock-yard impracticable.
. First, and greatest among them, is the limited
water-front, which is aconstantsourc'e of annoyance
and oxpenee, and for years has boon inadequate to
the wants of the yard.
It may have served for all the requirements of the
Government when the station was in its infancy and
the Wallabout was a bay of some extent, but since
the conversion of the latter into a small stream,
yearly becoming less by the accumulation of depos-
its from the East river and from two sewers which
drain a large part of Brooklyn and Williamsburg,
■the space has been insufficient.
The vessels, in consequcnce, aro crowded at the
docks, are more exposed to danger from lire, and are
repaired ata muoh greater expense than they would
be were there suffieientroom to move them properly.
The filling up of the channel by the deposits already
Fpoken of entaila upon the Government a yearly
expense of from fifty to a hundred thousand dollars
for dredging, and the gases which arise from the
emptying of the city sewers have a most destructive
effect upon the copper of all vessels exposed to their
influence. So great, indeed, is the damage resulting
therefrom that the cost of simply replacing the cop-
per destroyed by theaotion of these gases has become
on item of considerable magnitude, and an expend-
iture of $3,000semi-annually on eaoh vessol lying in
the "Wallabout is required from this oauso alone.
Another dry-dock is greatly needed to expedite the
Government work and increaso the cihciency of the
yard, but owing to the limited capacity of the latter
its'construction is almost if not quite impracticable.
Inadditionto these reasons, which, in my opinion,
unfit the present site for a naval station, may be men-
tioned an objection which, did no other exist, would
render a change of location most desirable;, that is,
its being in the heart of two large cities. Whatever
may be the advantages possessed by such a location,
in respect to the facilities afforded for obtaining
mechanics, they are, in my judgment, more than
counterbalanced by concomitant evils.
. Th© danger from fire to which the public prop-
erty is exposed by reason of its being surrounded, as
it now is, (and must necessarily be m such a locality,)
by manufactories, lumber-yards. &c., and, abovo all,
oil depots, is greatly increased, and the opportuni-
ties for the exorcise of political influence in the em-
ployment of workmen, always injurious to the inter-
ests of the Government, are greatly augmented. Of
course no looation would bo entirely exempt from
the last-named objection ; but it uecessarily exists
in a greater degree in the midst of political centers.
The removal of the present yard, or rather the
establishmentof another—for it would be impracti-
cable to move tftie buildings—would be, of course,
attended with great expense, and for a time would
doubtless be detrimental to the interests of the Gov-
ernment; but in view of tho groat increasing worth
of the present property, its valunblo vrhaif piivi-
Icgos, and the price which it would probably bring
if sold, I doubt if the change would cause any ulti-
mate loss.
The land and Government property in the yard.aro
fully worth 840,000.000, and not less than that price
should be obtained lor l horn.
The disadvantages which X have pointed out. ah so
prominent here as a public establishment would soon
be removed when it became private property.
An antagonism seems ever to exist between the
corporation4! which havechnnre of groat cities' in-
terests and Government establishments. This fact!
think will be admitted by all who have had oppor-
tunities of judging in such c^ses.
The sewers now so destructive to the interest of
the yard would have their course changed at once,
and would pass through Brooklyn to thoEa^t river
as an outlet. Streets would at once be cut throush
to the water-front, and the entire section would be
opened to commerce, and the value of the property,
as well beyond the yard as in its immediate neigh-
borhood, would grow incalculably.
These are matters, however, of which you will be
as able to judge as myself. No location should be
selected for a navy-yard without having sufficient
room in all directions, not only for increasing its
capacity when occasion might require it, but toprc-
vont the erection of buildings near its walls which
might endanger its safety.
In thus submitting to you some of the views which
have suggested themselves to me in connection with
this matter, Thave to apologize for the hasty man-
ner in which they have been written and for the
delaj? which has occurred in answering your com-
munication.
My time has been so much occupied since the re-
ceipt of your letter thatl have been unable to reply
to it sooner or to give tho subject tho consideration
which its importance merits.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
S. W. GODON,
Rear Admiral and Commandant.
Hon. H. H. Starkweather,
House of Representatives, Washington, D. O.
The following memorial, addressed to the
honorable Secretary of the Navy by the prin-
cipal merchants and business men of New
York and forwarded to him in November,
18C9, will show how deep an interest they take
in the subject, and its importance in their
view in connection with the defenses of that
city:
The undersigned believe, in addition to the in-
trinsic advantages of this location lor a navy-yard,
that its uso for that purpose would largoly contribute
to tho protection or tho commorce of Long Island
sound, and of the groat city of New York, in the
event of a naval war. It may bo assumed that this
country has, in a future war with a foreign Power,
nothing to fear except for its commcroe, and the
cities adjacent to the coast. But in tho event of a
naval war, the first point of attack would undoubt-
edly bo tho city of New York, as it so largely con-
centrates tho capital and the commorce of the nation.
That city at present is nearly defenseless to a for-
eign foe in its approaches from tho ocean through
Long Island sound. Tho sound once entered forms
a groat natural roadstead or harbor for a foreign
fleet. It was so occupied by tho British navy in tho
war of 1812. threatening the whoio coast line and the
city of New York itself. The sito at New London
is the strategic point, which covers the entrance of
the sound, and in the opinion of oompetent engin-
eers and naval authorities occupied as a naval sta-
tion would furnish adequate protection to the city
of New York and the commerce of the sound, thus
guarding the communication between the great in-
dustries of New England and their natural market.
We hope that_ you will see proper to recommend
that an appropriation for this object be made at tho
next session of Congress,
MOSES TAYLOR,
M.H.GRINNELL,
GRO.W. BLUNT,
llOWLAND k ASPINWALL,
DAViJ) 1IOADLY,
GEORGE OPDYKE,
S. I*. CHITTENDEN.
MARSHALL 0. ROBERTS,
W. & DODGE.
HARPER & BROTHERS.
BROWN BROTHERS & CO.,
• ■ PUT IOR COOPER.
ARNOLD. STURGES & CO.,
I). APPLETON & CO..
JIORACE B. CLAFLIN,
.r. ASTOR,
GIIINNELL. MINTURN &CG.,
HENRY GRINNELL,
RUSSEL STURGES,
R. L. TAYLOR.
WM C.THOMPSON.
EDWARDS PIERREPONT,
WM. M. EVARTS.
At tho site on the Thames vessels of the
largest size and draught could be built, and go
to. sea without fear of impediment from ice or
shoal water, and at short notice could move
to tho defense of any part of the coast or com-
morce of the country. It has the approbation
of eminent naval constructors and ship build-
ers, and the most distinguished officers in our
Navy from an early period are recorded as
having given testimony in its favor, and it has
been approved and recommended by every
board and commission which under tl^e au-
thority of Congress has examined it.
I ask herewith to print with part of my
remarks the report of the board of officers
appointed to decide between League Island
and New London for a naval station :
United States Navy-Yard,
Philadelphia, October 24,1862.
Sir: The board appointed to examine the harbor
of New London, Narragansett bay, and League
Island, and to report whether, in theiropinion, the
public interests will bo promoted by acquiring thd
title to League Island for naval purposes, or by estab-
lishing a navy-yard and naval depot either in or
near the harbor of New London or in tho waters of
Narragansett bay, instead of League Island, has tho
honor to report, that in accordance with your order
of August 12, 1862, the board met at New London on
tho 26th of August,and proceeded to make a thorough
and careful examination of that harbor and its sur-
roundings. Having completed this examination, the
board proceeded to Narragansett bay and made a
minute examination of its waters. After which they
visited League Island, and have devoted much time
in investigating its qualities for a naval station.
Narragansett bay.
The list of materials collected in reference to thia
bay will be found in Appendix No. 1.
As required by our instructions, we exa mined and
surveyed the extensive waters of this bay, visiting
all the sites which had been suggested by tne exam-
inations of previous boards or by more, recent sur-
veys by tho Coast Survey, which were suggested by
local authorities or which appeared in our inspection
of the bay to present promising positions for a navy-
yard.
Thus wet examined Mount Hope bay and its ap-
proaches in by the channel, between Biistol and
Rhode Island, down to the old s.tone bridge, which
now closes the eastern passage of the bay, (some-
times called Saughkonnet river.) and out by the
northern shore of the island of Rhode Island, into
the main channel of Narragansett bay. Piovidenco
river, especially near Gasper Point, was examined.
The whole of the eastern bide of Prudence Island
was very carefully examined, especially south of
Sandy Point and in Potter'^ Cove ; the western shore
of Rhode Island, behind Dyer's Island ; the eastern
shore of Connanicut, surveying Taylor's Cove, which
is protected in part by Gould Island Irom winds,
currents, and ice; visiting Newport harbor, and
passing around to the western shore of Connanicut,
and in by the south and out by the north entrance
of Dutch Island harbor. The surveys of this bay
have developed the fact that sticky bottom for
anchorage occurs generally in water too deep for
convenient anchorage, except in the coves, and that
deep indentations of the shore lines or coves ar«
few in number, and such as are found are small in
extent. The advantages of Narragansett bay for a
navy-yard are an adequate depth of water, but with
the drawback just stated; that it is easy of ingress
and egress, (the practicability of easy ingress with
a northwest wind is now of little consequenco since
steam is of such common use.) is not easily block-
aded, is moderately free from ice, presents full spneo
on its islands for the erection of buildings, docks,
and basin?, with extensive water front; presents
good foundations for tho accessories of a yard, has
a moderate range of tides, and is but little exposed
to freshets or overflows in any properly selected
Sito, and is proverbial for tho excellent health of
the vicinity.
Tho disadvantages ore: the entrance is often diffi-
cult from fogs; ihat its defense will involve most
cosily and difficult works of permanent fortification
and of local floating batteries, or the closing of one
of the tvyo entrances now open by a dike, (similar to
that which closes tho third entrance at the north,)
and defensive works and floating batteries for the
main entrance; that each available site must, as a
rule, depend also upon itself for defense; that
tho population does not furnish enough troops
readily transferred to the points of attack, and tho
best sites are so near the entrance of tho bay as to
bo easily attacked, and all are upon islands; that tho
bay is swept by powerful winds from tho northwest,
southwest, northeast, and sometimes from tho
southeast, which raise a chopping sea, and is in
some places exposed to; is defective in holdiner-
ground, on account of the bottom being generally
rocky, where the depth is less than twelveand more
than four fathoms. The rocky nature of the excava-
tion of the sites makes foundations expensive, the
facility for obtaining iron and coal is small, and
supplies generally require to be brought from a
distance; a scant supply of fresh water generally;
moderate facilities for procuring workmen, who
must bo domiciled on the site; all the bad effects of
salt, water upon wood and iron.
Advantageous thus as it is in some respects, we
consider that, balancing the advantages and disad-
vantages, this bay would bo an indifferent one for
the location of a navy-yard.
The board having decided that Narragansett bay
is an indifferent one for the location of a navy-yard,
the solution of the question submitted is reduced
to a. comparison between the advantages possessed
by New London and League Island.
The list ot materials collected in reference to
New London will be found in Appendix No. 2;
th-ose collected in reference to League Island in
Appendix No. 3.
The board,# at an early period of its labors,
adopted a series of points for particular examin-
ation, as containing the principal requisites tor the
sito of a navy-yard and naval depot. A compari-
son between New London aod League Island has
been made with reference to these points, as fol-
lows:
"1. Adequate depth of water at and near the sito
ior vessels of the largest class."
In this respect the board regards tho two sites as
equal; either of them have a sufficient depth of
water at and near for the accommodation of any
vessels of our Navy.
