im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
without rebuilding. It is said it will cost fifteen
or twenty thousand c|olla.r8 to put it in order.
The Secretary of the Treasury has already de-
cided the question practically by recommend-
ing the surrender of the mint. He says that
in all probability it will not be needed again
as a mint. Therefore, I think it is a great deal
better if the Senate has made up its inind that
we ought to abandon the mint at New Orleans,
to surrender this property at once. I had hoped
. however it would not be done on an appropri-
ation bill. If legislation of this kind can be
put on an appropriation bill, as a matter of
couse there is the end of all restraints on legis-
lative amendments.
I trust yet, notwithstanding the recent vote
by which the Senate refused to lay this amend-
ment upon the table, it will, on account of the
inconsistency of the thing, refuse to put it on
this bill.
Now let me say another word. If the Sen-
ators from Louisiana are, as they no doubt
are, really desirous to pass this measure, this is
the certain wayto defeat it. As sure as fate, if
this proposition is put on this appropriation bill
it will not pass. My friend from Maine [Mr.
Morrill] knows how often is it that we have
debated days and days in the Senate putting
amendments on appropriation bills, when they
go to the House of Representatives and are
dropped at once, and are abandoned by the
Committee on Appropriations here, in all
human probability, therefore, if the Senator
from Louisiana wishes to secure the passage
of this proposition, the worst way he could
adopt would be to put it upon this appropria-
tion bill. It will go to the House; it will
never be considered in the House; it will be
rejected by the Committee oti Appropriations
there and abandoned by our committee, and
there will be the end of it. I have seen that
a hundred times. The bill on this subject
now pending can at any time bo called up. I
will support the Senator in calling it up, and
will vote tor it; but I assure him that if he
wishes to deleat his particular project, this is
the best way to do it.
Mr. KELLOGG. Now, Mr. President, one
word. I do not concur by any means with the
view taken by the Senator l'roni Ohio, [Mr.
Sheiiman,] and 1 must insist that 1 atn exer-
cising some little judgment and discretion in
this matter. I do not think I jeopardize this
measure by the course 1 have taken. It strikes
me that if this amendment were defeated now
1^ should still have my bill on the Calendar.
That bill has been reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce and the Committee on
Finance, and embraces this very proposition.
Another contingency strikes me as possible,
namely, that I might be able to prevail upon
the committee of conference on this bill to
adopt my amendment, as well as other gentle-
men are able ia that way to secure the adop-
tion of theirs. If I am able to show that there
is equal or more merit in mine, I am sure the
committee of conference will agree to it. I
have noticed that legislation is carried through
this Chamber and tiie other House by insisting,
within reasonable limits of course.
I do not want to encroach upon the patience
of the Senate; but I am surpiised to hear this
threadbare argument of my honorable friend
from Ohio. 1 have heard it at lf-ast four times
to-day, if my memory serves mo aright, that
this is a sure way to defeat the measure ; that
it is not germane ; that it should be put upon
some other bill. Why, sir, when the Senator
from Kansas offered his amendment in regard
to the clerical torce ot the Land Office, he was
answered in the same way. So with other
gentlemen who have offered amendments.
Then my amendment comes up, and it is pro-
posed to. strangle it because it is said that I
run the risk of having it stricken off in the
committee of conference. If it is the will of
the Senate that this proposition should not go
on this bill, and they will indicate that in any
way, I will withdraw it at once and most cheer-
fully, hoping to secure action at some future
time upon the bill now on the Calendar; and
indeed now since the debate has assumed the
phase it has, and as Senators around me sug-
gest it, I will withdraw the amendment from
the action of the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole and offer it when the bill is reported
to the Senate; for in all candor I am bound
tosay that the only way to get a measure like
this through the Senate, it seems to me, is to
insist upon its going upon an appropriation
bill, because I may wait here until the crack
of doom and never be able to get up my bill
in the morning hour, and from present appear-
ances it is doubtful if the Calendar will be
reached before the end of this session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Chair understands
that the Senator from Louisiana withdraws
the amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I am requested by the
Senator from Massachusetts, not in his seat,
[Mr. Sumneii,] from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to offer an amendment,
of which the chairman of that committee gave
notice some days since. All I ask is that a
letter from the Attorney General be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina will
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was after line fourteen hundred and sixty-three
to insert the following:
And from and after the passage of this act the
distriot attorney of the District of Columbia shall
be allowed S3,000 per annum additional for his office.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The letter
sent up by the Senator from South Carolina
will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Department op Justice,
Washington, January 16,1872.
Sir: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy
of a letter addressed to this Department under date
ol the 13th instant, by George P. Fisher, esq., the
attorney of the United States for the District of
Columbia, asking that an additional allowanco of
53,000 per annum be made to his office for the pur-
pose ot employing additional assistance.
I am informed that my predecessor last winter
lecommended that the allowance to that officer for
this pnrposo bo iucrcuscd, and as it appears to me
front Mr. Fisher's statement that his request is a
reasonable one, I refer the matter to Congress for
such action as may be deemed proper.
Very respectfully,
GEO. II. WILLIAMS.
TT _ _ _ Attorney General.
Hon. Jamks G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives*
Office United States Attorney,
District of Columbia,
Washington, D. C., January 13,1872.
Sir: A year ago Mr. Akerman recommended that
the United States attorney for this District should
be allowed an additional sum of S3.0U0 per annum,
ior the increased labors of the office devolved on it
by the act of Congress establishing the police court.
!3y that act the jurisdiction of the justices of the
peace was taken from them in respect to all criminal
matters, except merely to issuewarrantswhich were
made returnable to the police court. As a conse-
quence all tho complaints wero brought m the first
instance to the district attorney. The law operates
admirably, except that the district attorney, with
;l,n^ one clerk at very small salaries,
($i.,o00, $1,500, and $1,200,) is compelled to work at
night in order to keep up with his duties. The
assistants and clerks are all members of the bar, of
course, and have no time, nor have I, to attend to
private practice. I have to use my clerk frequently
as an assistant, in older to have somebody repre-
senting me in each court. X need very sorely one
other assistant, and to keep good assistants I ought
to pay them better than they are now paid.
Will you notgive mosucli a letter as Mr. Akerman
gave last year?_ If you will, General Garfield
will have the additional allowance putin the appro-
priation bill.
Yours, very respectfully,
GEORGE P. FISHER,
District Attorney.
Hon. George 11. Williams, Attorney General.
Mr. COLE. That matter was fully consid-
ered iti committee, and the committee unani-
mously, I believe, or if not, with one exception,
were opposed to the proposition.
Mr. STEVENSON. I believe the present
salary of this gentleman is $6,000 a year. He
has two assistants and a clerk. I think a man
ought to work a little at night for that money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I know lawyers that
work night and day who do not get as much
as that. Many of our judges in the West do
not get near as much as that, and they have
not these assistants. In the first place, I do
not think this application has any merit in it,
and if it had, I do not think an appropriation
bill is the proper place to increase salaries.
I hope this amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to add one word
to what the Senator from Kentucky has said.
By the law as it now stands, if ttie Department
of Justice think this gentleman needs addi-
tional assistant district attorneys for the Uuited
States, they can give them to him. The law
now provides for that. This is a method of
getting an addition to his salary out of the
Treasury that I do not like.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to debate
the matter, nor to say anything more than I am
bound to say in representing the ease as rep-
resented by the chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia to me. The Govern-
ment are now in the habit of paying out for
precisely this service in this office, and have
in the last six months paid out more than this
would amount to at $3,000 per annum for
services in this very office. The object is to
enable the district attorney not to increase his
own salary, which is limited by law, but to
employ additional force in his office on his
allegation that it is necessary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In spite of the Department
of .1 ustiee.
Mr. STEVENSON. In answer to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina I will say that this
gentleman gets $6,000 a year, and this is to
add S3,000.
Mr. SAWYER. It is not proposed to add
one dollar to his salary.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I do not read
this amendment aright:
From and after the passage of this act the district
attorney for the District of Columbia shall be al-
lowed $3,000 per annum additional for his office.
Mr. SAWYER. "For his office," not for
his own compensation. The law limits that.
Mr. STEVENSON. If he wants additional
force in his office let the Department inform
us what addition is required. If it is an assist-
ant district attorney, provision is already made
for that; if an additional clerk, let him show
the necessity for it. I insist that this is not
the bill to raise salaries on.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senate concur in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole? Shall the vote be
taken on all of them together?
Mr. COLE. I propose that the amendments
be agreed to except such amendments as Sen-
ators desire a special vote upon; and if we
can get that far to-night we shall have made
some progress.
Mr. SPENCER. The bill is now in the Sen-
ate. I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion will be put on all the amendments together
except those which some Senator may desire
to have reserved.
Mr. STEVENSON. There are several that
I desire a vote upon.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after ten
minutes spent in the consideration of execu-
tive business the doors were reopened, and
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
