1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SVJ
42d Cong 2d Sess.
Miscellaneous Appropriations—Mr. Starkweather.
Ho. ob Reps.
" 2. Facility of ingress and egress."
Tho harbor of New London has a fine, clcar en-
trance from the ocean, accessible at all times and all
seasons; from it vessels of any class can proceed to
soa with almost any wind, and be clear oi' tbe land
in a few hours, the distance from the entrance of
the harbor to the ocean being only about twenty-
five miles.
League Island is situated at the distance of about
one hundred miles from the sen, on a river, the
navigation of which is often tedious and difficult
for vessels of large class, especially in winter when
obstructed by ^ce. The board is of the opinion
that, with regard to this qualification, the harbor
of New London is far superior to League Island.
" 3. Security from attack by an enemy, and facility
and economy of defenses. To bo easily defended from
its own topographical advantages. To be readily
reo'nforced by troops from a dense population,
within easy inarching distance. Not easily block-
aded. .Not too near the mouth of a bay or river."
The present defenses of the harbor of New London
are Forts Trumbull and Griswold, the first a strong
fortress, built of granito in the most substantial
manner. and the second an extensive earthwork on
Groton heights, opposite tho city of New London.
Fiona the entrance of the harbor from Long Island
sound to the site deemed most suitable for a navy-
yard, there are on either side of the river numerous
points upon which iron towers or turrets, armed
■with guns of the largest caliber, can be erected at
moderate cost, and so arranged as to render the
entrance of hostile ships impossible, if forts and
towers can be constructed of sufficient strength to
resist the attack of ships of modern construction
and armament. Brigadier General George W. Cul-
lum, of the United States engineers, states, as his
opinion, that no harbor in the United States is
more susceptible of defense against the entrance of
a fleet from New London. Although the city of
New London does not contain a large population to
resist invasion, its railroad connections are such as
to bring tho cities of Now Yoi k, Brooklyn, Boston,
New Haven, Hartford, Springfield, Worcester,
Providence, and many other populous cities and
towns within about four horns' time. Its roads
connect with the wholenetworkof railroads travers-
ing the New England States and New York, and by
them and its water connections probably as large a
military force could bo concentrated at this point in
a given time as at any other point on the Atlan-
tic coast not in tho immediate vicinity of the large
and populous cities. Besides, in the present state
of naval warfare, it is not to be supposed that
any of our important naval stations or harbors
will be left unprovided with powerful steam rams
to effectually prevent the approach of transports or
men-of-war with hostile troops designing to land
upon our shores.
The remoteness of League Island from the soa
renders it little liable to attack from the sea if the
river approaches were properly defended. This,
however, will require heavy expenditures on ac-
count of the great length of the river to be defended.
No possible doubt can exist as to the ability of the
city of Philadelphia to furnish promptly any num-
ber of men that may be required for its defense.
The board is of the opinion that either of the sites
under examination may be promptly and efficiently
defended, and that upon this question they may be
regarded as equal.
"4. Security from violent winds at sea, and from
ice. whether fast or moving."
The harbor of New London is well protected from
violent winds and sea, and is not obstructed by ioe.
Vessels of any size may anohor therewith perfect
safety at all times.
The anchorago off League Island is not exposed
to danger from violent wind or sea; but in severo
winters the drift ice from the river above often ren-
ders tho positions of vessels in the river insecure
and dangerous. On this point the board is of the
opinion that the advantages are decidedly with
New London.
" 5. Ample accommodations for safo anchorage,
with good holding-ground in the adjacent waters."
Tho waters adjacent the harbor of Now London
are Fisher's Island sound and Gardner's bay,spa-
cious roadsteads having abundant depth of water
for the largest vessels, with the bestholding-ground,
and ample space to accommodate any number of
vossels that the Government may desire to concen-
trate there. This sound and bay are protected on
nearly all sides, and in them merchant ships often
ride out the severest gales in safety, under the shel-
ter of tho highlands of Fisher's Island, the Connec-
ticut shore, and Long Island.
The waters adjacent League island are the Dela-
ware river and bay. These have ample space, suffi-
cient depth of water, and good holding-ground, and
furnish an abundance of safe anchorage, with the
exception that vessels anchored in these waters dur-
ing severe winters are exposed to injury from the
drifting icc. The board is of opinion that, upon
this point, the harbor of New London is most advan-
tageous.
"6. Abundant spaco for the erection of all build-
ings, docks, and basins that may be required for a
first-class establishment, with extensive waterfront
for the accommodation of a large number of vessels."
Each of the sites under consideration afford ample
space for th e accommodation of all th e various struc-
tures which may be required at a first-class naval
establishment, with a line of water front sufficient
for all the wants of such an establishment.
We are informed bv very respectable persons in
New London that one hundred acres of land can be
purchased for from fifty to seventy-five thousand
dollars, and two hundred acres for $100,000. They
are, therefore, regarded as equal upon this point.
"7. Adaptation of the site to the construction of
pcrmanentstonedry docks,wet basins, piers,wharves,
rolling-mills, forge shops, furnaces, and other heavy
wovks."
The site at Winthrop's-Point is well adapted to
the construction of docks and all the various build-
ings required at a navy-yard. Tho oovo above the
point is admirably suited for tho construction of
docks and basins. Such works, located in that posi-
tion, would require but little excavation, and it is
believed that secure foundations could be found
without resorting to the tedious and expensive pro-
cess of piling. The soil is gravel and stone, which
afford tho best and most substantial foundations for
most of the buildings 'required at a navv-yard.
League Island is a reclaimed marsh, and the borings
made by the boaid show that there is a depth of
mud and fine sand varying from twenty-five to fifty-
six feet in depth, under which is found gravel of
good quality, and in sufficient quantities to sustain
piles. It is undoubtedly true that no heavy struc-
ture can be erected on this island with any proba-
bility of safety without resorting to the expensive
operation of piling.
The board is therefore of opinion that, in this par~
ticular. New London is vastly suporior to League
Island.
"8. Topography of the site, whether high, requir-
ingexcavation and grading,or low, requiring filling.
If the first, what is the character of the excavation?
And if the second,whero are the sources from which
tho materials can be obtained?"
The island at Winthrop's Point, in the harbor ofi
New London, is at a moderate elevation above tho
level which would be assumed as a proper height
for the surface of a navy-yard, above ordinary high
water, and would require grading. The excavation
for the Norwich railroad, in the rear of this point,
shows that it is free oi ledge, and is a gravel of excel-
lent quality, and easy to be removed. This bank
can be graded at a very moderate cost, and will fur-
nish the best of material for filling low places, and
extending the surface of the yard over such por-
tions of the cove above as may not be required for
occupation by docks and basins, thus accomplishing
two objects at the same time. Other portions of the
site will furnish abundance of stone of excellent
quality for "he construction of rough walls and
foundations for the various buildings.
League Island is a reclaimed inarsh, surrounded
by a dry stone wall and embankmentof earth,raised
to exclude the river. A portion of tho island was
reolaimed many years since, and is known as tho
old meadow; we have no positive information on
this point, but presume that at the time the wall and
embankment were built all tho land worth reclaim-
ing was embraced within the inclosure. Subse-
quently, and about eighteen years since, as we are
informed, the inclosure was extended so as to em-
brace an additional area, now known as the new
meadow. According to a plan which has been sub-
mitted to the board by a committee from the Board
of Trade, this old meadow contains two hundred
and nineteen acres and the new meadow one hun-
dred and fifty-five acres. On tho north of theisland,
and between it and the main, there is a channel
which, we are told, was of sufficient depth in former
days to float large ships of war; now it is a narrow and
shallow channel, not sufficient to float vessels of any
size used by the Navy. Large areas of marsh have
formed on the cast and west ends and on the north
side ot the island, and the whol* appearance indi-
cates a constant and rapid accumulation from the
immense deposits of the Delaware river.
To raise the surface of this island to a height
which would render it safo from the encroachment
of high tides will require a filling of from nine to
ten feet over tho whole area^; and if, as has been
suggested, a line of wbarf front bo carried out to
the twenty-three feet line, it? will involve an addi-
tional filling of a space one mile long, and averag-
ing-four hundred and eighty-one feet wide and nine-
teen feet deep. If this space is not filled, then the
constant use of dredging-machines will be required
to maintain a sufficient depth of water to accommo-
date the vessels ot the Navy. To furnish the mate-
rials for this immense filling, which will amount in
the aggregate to several million cubic yards, it
is said that an abundant supply can be had from
Red Bank, on tbe opposite side of the river, and
from the gravel banks near the gas-works. There
is probably an abundance of good material on the
shores of New Jersey, but it must be purchased
from the proprietors, and transported across the
river—a process which, in the opinion of the board,
will involve an expenditure of at least $1,000,000.
Other sources of supply have been suggested, such
as ashes from the city, cinders, ashes, slag, &c., from
the furnaces, but we regard these sources as uncer-
tain, and the quantity limited, considering the im-
mense quantity required to accomplish the object.
The board is of the opinion that upon this point the
advantages are vastly in favor of New London.
"9. Mean range of tbe tides and exposure Of the
site to freshets and overflows."
The range of the tide at New London is two and
five tenths feet, and atLeague Island seven and five
tenths feet. When properly filled and graded neither
site would be liable to suffer from freshets and over-
flows. On this point New London has the advan-
tage, there being less than one half the range of
tide. a
. "10. Set of currents about the site, and thoir effects."
The currents at New London are not rapid, the
water is clear, and therois nothing to be nppvo-
hended from deposits at this place after the Hues of
wharves have been established and the wharves
constructed.
At League Island tbe currents are more rapid.
The water of the Delaware is dirty, holding a largo
quantity of earthy matter in solution, whioh is de-
posited in various points along the river, as shown
by theimmense accumulation which has taken plaoe
within a few years at League Island, and which is
still in progress.
This current is thrown against the shore of New
Jersey, opposite the Horseshoe, and is thence de-
flected toward League Island, as is clearly shown
by the horizontal curves on the Coast Survey charts.
Thus, during severe winterg, upon the breaking up
of the ioe on the Horseshoe, where all' admit that it
accumulates, it must be thrown with great violence
toward League Island, to tho great detriment and
danger of all vessels lying in the vicinity. The
board is of the opinion that upon this point the har-
bor of New London has greatly tho advantage.
" 11. The facilities for procuring most rapidly sup-
plies, stores of all kinds, and materials, especially
iron and coal; easy communication by water^ by
railroads', and by good common roads, with a coun-
try not likely to be occupied by an enemy, so as to
furnish naval stores and other supplies in time of
war."
The facilities for obtaining all the materials, sup-
plies, and stores necessary for a navy-yard, except
iron, coal, and the timbers grown at the South, are
abundant at New London.
In addition to themeansoftransportation by water
to a harbor always accessible, the railroad commun-
ications connect with the great lines which traverse
the eastern, northern, and western States, and retf-
dor the productions of those States available with
ease and certainty, and theso northern and eastern
States are tho points where the largest portion of our
merchant marine is constructed.
The Salisbury, Ulster, Adirondack, and othefc
minesin the vicinity, though at present worked to a
limited extent, furnish iron of a very superior qual-
ity, and it is believed they would, with proper exten-
sion of thoir mining operations, be competent to
supply all the iron required for a navy-yard.
Kor a building material this vicinity abounds in
tho finest granite, which can be furnished at the
site at moderate cost, and an abundant supply can
be had for tho construction of docks, walls, and
foundations.
In the article of coal New London would be defi-
cient, as it must necessarily be transported from
other points at an increased cost.
League Island possesses great facilities for procur-
ing all the materials and stores required for a navy-
yard except the timbers grown at the South, and that
for light spars grown at the North. The canal and
railroad communications throughout the State of
Pennsylvania and their connetions withother States
are not surpassed in extent or efficiency. The supply
of iron ana coal from the mines of Pennsylvania is
immense, and no doubt can exist as to tho certainty
of a supply of those articles at League Island at a
cheaper rate than at any othor point. The board is
of tho opinion that, for a supply of iron and coal.
League Island possesses the advantage over New
London, but for other supplies that they are on an
equality.
** 12. Abundant supply of good fresh water, both
for all yard purposes and for the shipping."
At New London an abundant supply of the softest
and purest water can bo obtained. At a distance of
about one mile of the site, at Winthrop's Point,
there is a stream of pure, fresh water, from which,
an ample supply to meet all the wants of the ser-
vice can be had at an elevation of near onehundred
feet above tide-water.
The supply of fresh water at League Island is
unquestionable, and on this point the board is of the
opinion that the two places are equal.
"13. The facilities for procuring workmen of all
classes."
No reasonable doubt oan 6xist as to the practica-
bility of procuring at New London all the mechanics
and workmen of every description which may be
necessary to execute the work in a navy-yard? for,
although the city of New London does not at this
time contain a large population of this kind, the
numerous cities, towns, and villages of New England
and Now York abound in artisans of^all descriptions
who are ever ready to respond to demands for their
services. These people always concentrate where
employment is to be obtained, and tbere would be
great-inducements for them to resort to New Lon-
don, where house rents are remarkably low. Tene-
ments can be had in the immediate vicinity, and the
cost of living is moderate*
League Island is situated near a city celebrated
for its manufactures and the excellence of her work-
men. Persons working in a yard unon League
Island would be compelled to reside at a distance
from their work, there being no bouses in the vicin-
ity or sites suitable for the erection of habitations.
Thoy would, therefore, be subjected to thenncon-
venience of a long walk, or the expense of riding to
and from their work.
Without doubt any number of workmen of all
classes can be had at this place, notwithstanding
the inconvenience to them.
