1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1465
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. '
Wednesday, March 6, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved,
seventy-ninth regiment  highlanders.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I ask unanimous
consent to report back from the Committee of
Ways and Means, with a recommendation that
the same do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 1789) to
permit the importation free of duty of certain
Highland kilts and uniforms for the seventy-
ninth regiment of Highlanders of the National
Guard, State of New York.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which the Chair will ask for objections.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to deliver, free of
all duty and charges for customs, eleven cases
marked one to eleven, inclusive, addressed to
George Mitchell, New York, and containing
kilts and uniforms for the seventy-ninth regi-
ment, Highlanders, of the National Guard of
the State of New York, and also any addi-
tional kilts and uniforms of like pattern that
may be imported within two years from the
passage of this act not to exceed one thou-
sand in total number.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York desires to report this bill for action now.
Is there objection ?
Mr. HOLM AN. I believe it simply pro-
poses an exemption of a few articles from the
payment of duty. I presume there will be
no objection to it.
Mr. KERR. I object to the passage of the
bill at this time. I desire to say to the gentle-
man having charge of it that 1 do not wish to
object to its consideration now ; I am entirely
•willing it shall be now considered, but I am
not willing it shall be considered without dis-
cussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from New York to ask for its con-
sideration.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. For its considera-
tion now.
Mr. KERR. I do not object to that.
Mr. HOAR. I object.
central pacific railroad.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins at
twenty minutes after twelve o'clock. The
House resumes the consideration of the bill
reported yesterday from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, entitled "A bill (H. R. No.
1553) relating to the Central Pacific Railroad
Company." The gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Kellogg] is entitled to the floor.
apportionment op representatives.
Mr. KELLOGG. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mer-
cur,J that he may enter a motion.
Mr. MERCUR. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (H.
R. No. 1343) supplemental to an act for the
apportionment of Representatives to Congress
among the several States according to the ninth
census was ordered to be recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be en-
tered.
central pacific railroad.
Mr. KELLOGG. I yield fifteen minutes
to the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gent.]
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, in the debate
yesterday on this bill my friend from New York
[Mr. Cos] adverted to the tea commerce, and
stated that by present arrangements between
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company and the
overland railroad the price of tea is largely
increased to the people of the United States,
and that there are exactions imposed, in the
way of trade regulations, absence of competi-
tion, &c., which make it a public duty, before
the enactment of any such legislation as is
now before us, to insert in the bill some clause
(and a draft of such a provision was sent to
the desk) which should provide for the re-
scinding of those contracts, if any such exist.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I admit that there is—such
is my information—an arrangement between
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company and the
overland railroad by which the rate of freight
between China and New York is regulated by
those companies, and the overland railroad is
obliged to carry freight at those rates; but
there is nothing in any such contract which
prohibits any teas brought into San Francisco
by sailing vessels from being taken at the same
rate as those brought over by the steamers.
But what I wish to call attention to partic-
ularly is that the gentleman was mistaken in
his inference from the facts which he stated,
even conceding them to their full extent.
Now, the freight by the Panama line from
China to New York was four and a half cents
per pound m Mexican silver dollars; and
there was an agreed rate of premium always
to be added, making the whole freight equivalent
four and eighty-six hundredths cents. The
present rate from China to New York by the
overland route is five cents in American gold.
In this direct traffic it was necessary to discard
a foreign species of money and to deal in
American gold coin. The difference in the rate
thus charged was fourteen hundredths of a
cent; and this difference, so small as almost
to be inappreciable, is more than made up by
one per cent, insurance against the Panama
route and in favor of the land route, not con-
sidering other incidents which make it still
more costly to send freight by that route.
Further, teas carried by the Panama route,
having so much more water-carriage, are infe-
rior in quality when they arrive at their des-
tination. The best teas in the world are those
consumed in Russia, where they have entirely
land-carriage.
But, sir, New York is not the only point to
be considered in this connection. Admitting
there are fourteen hundredths of a cent per
pound in favor of the Panama route when
delivered in New York, it is the other way for
the interior. The ocean steamers and the
overland route deliver in Chicago at four
and seventy-five hundredths cents per pound
against four and eighty-six hundredths cents
delivered in New York. It is so with Cin-
cinnati, St. Louis, and all the other inte-
rior cities. When you add to that the higher
rate of insurance by the Panama route, and
add one cent per pound, which is about the
charge from New York to these interior points
to deliver tea, you get it up to about six cents
per pound against four and seventy-five hun-
dredths cents per pound. For what purpose?
Is it for the reason that everything shall be
made tributary to New York? Is that the
object?
These interior cities, Chicago, Pittsburg,
St. Louis, Cincinnati, &c., are all great and
growing cities <of the West and Northwest.
They are back' from the sea-board, and are
entitled to this cheaper rate of freight when
these goods are delivered at their doors. I
cannot believe, however, that is the object. I
do not undervalue the commercial importance
of New York. I know our legislation cannot
restrain its growth, and ought not to be made
in that direction. But I do say that by wise
legislation the interior may be benefited in this
matter, and no spirit of narrow jealousy should
induce gentlemen from the sea-board cities to
vote against it. I do not impute any such
feeling to any member. This is a great aud
beneficial point in this subject-matter to all of
the interior cities. It is to their ~J f""°
and is their right.
I will state to the gentlemen of the House
a fact coming under my own observation. The
completion of the overland railroad not only
deranged but injured the business of San
Francisco. _ Why ? Because the merchants
of the interior, in my own town, in Sacra-
mento, &c., ordered from Chicago and New
York direct, without sending orders to San
Francisco, from which place there was there-
fore less transshipment, as the goods were not
brought by the Isthmus. Itwas for the benefit
of the interior of the State, while San Francisco
suffered. The completion of the overland route
by giving facilities for interior commerce has
diverted the course which traffic had previously
taken. The railroad and China line have,
nevertheless, made San Francisco a great enire-
pot for Asiatic commerce, and it is already
beginning to recover from the derangement
and injury to which 1 have referred, while its
future has a higher assurance.
In 1870, tea trom China which took over-
land route was seven cents in gold; that is,
prior to the time these arrangements were
made, and just prior to that time. Notwith-
standing that discrimination, notwithstanding
this seven cents per pound in gold by the
overland railroad, one million pouuds of the
three and a half millions of tea were shipped
by the overland route. What is the reason?
You cannot force trade by the Panama route,
and for many reasons. You get a better arti-
cle by land-carriage, you avoid large insurance,
you avoid breakage, you avoid delays. The
overland route is tie natural inlet and channel
for this trade. Those are the reasons which
were in the mind of Congress and of the
country when it chartered aud munificently
aided the Pacific railroad, aud it is perfectly
natural this overland railroad should seize
upon this Asiatic commerce so as to bring all
of these goods cheaply to the doors of the
people in all parts of the country.
In 1871, the steamship company brought
sixteen million pounds of tea, and all of this
came East by railroad. The Panama line can-
not do the business without seriously retard-
ing this trade. Under the new state of things
which gentlemen have criticised this trade has
been enormously increased. Now, why can-
not the Panama line do the business? For
this reason : it would require an extra steam-
ship a month on the Panama line to carry the
sixteen million pounds of tea now imported.
The ordinary steamers of the line could only
carry the two or three milliou pounds of tea
which heretofore went by that route. They
cannot do the business no\y without enormous
extra expense. Their vessels would have car-
goes out but they would have to return empty
from the Isthmus, and in that way the steam-
ship company would lose at least forty thou-
sand dollars a trip. It is absolutely necessary
for the interests of the Panama company, not
the railroad company, but the steamship com-
pany, which is the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, that they should protect themselves
against the necessity of carrying this at a loss
of $40,000 on the round voyage. If not, if
they are to be compelled by legislation, or any
unfriendly movements m that direction, to
carry freight around in that way instead of
sending it overland, why the $40,000 of loss
has to be made up in some way m freights ;
and instead of getting freight to New York at
four and eighty-six hundredth cents a pound,
this loss of $40,000 would have to be added,
so that the discrimination against the Isthmus
line would only take another shape.
Furthermore, the Panama company, for car-
rying these freights, get one quarter of tne
whole freight from Sail Francisco lo New York
for carrying it only forty-seven and a hall miles.
The steamship companies carrying teas from
Sail Francisco and delivering them at New_ York
receive three quarters. Ibe Panama Railroad
Company charges one quarter of the whole
freight money simply for carrying it across
