1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
to for any such purpose as that alleged by the
chairman who has this bill in charge.
Mr. Speaker, I had hoped at the last session
of this Congress we had reached the extreme
limit of legislation on this subject. I had
thought that the bill known as the Ku Klux
bill had gone to the extreme limit of loose con-
struction ; but it appears that I am mistaken
in that. We now, in a time of profound peace,
when there is not an individual, so far as this
House is informed, asking for this kind of
legislation, attempt the most questionable piece
of legislation ever deliberated upon in this
Hall. We propose to take charge of a sub-
ject which it has been always supposed was
the peculiar province of the States to legis-
latetupon. There has been no necessity shown
for this legislation. Many good men on the
other side of the House voted last spring for the
bill I have referred to because they believed
there was such astern public necessity for it—
such an overruling demand for that law, that
they were willing to vote for it though their
minds were not satisfied they had the right to
pass it. But here we propose, without any
Legislature of any State in the Union asking
for this legislation, so far as we know—not a
single petition presented to this body request-
ing it, to go far beyond the verge of loose
construction.
I believe this measure has been here sub-
stantially before, and it received its quietus in
the former Congress. It is not new here.
It is only the old cat disguised in the meal-
bag. The same bill has been voted down, and
I wish to call the attention of gentlemen of
the House to the fact that it is a craftily
and cunningly-devised measure. It intends to
accomplish the same purpose by indirection
that the former bill attempted to do directly,
and therefore the other bill was the preferable
one, because it was the more honest. I say
this bill attempts to accomplish precisely
what the other bill did ; that is, to take charge
of the public-school system of the country.
It attempts to do indirectly what we have no
right to do directly, and it is a sound principle
of constitutional interpretation that we have
no right to do indirectly what we are not
allowed to do directly. Beside, this bill is
based on a misconception of the nature of the
public lands, the primary idea of which is that
they are to furnish cheap homes and cheap
farms for the poor man. That is the first
object.
In the next place, I take the position, Mr.
Speaker, that the proceeds arising from the
sales of these public lands, or any other disposi-
tion of them, stand pledged by common eon-
sent, evidenced by an uninterrupted system of
legislation for nearly eighty years, to be applied
to the payment of the principal and interest of
our public debt. I regard the proceeds of the
sule of the public lands as a sacred fund to
be devoted to the payment of that debt, and
when we attempt to give away that fund in this
way to the States we strike down one of the
permanent revenues of the Government.
Mr. Speaker, we stand in relation to these
lands as a trustee. The gentleman is mistaken
when he says we confer a gratuity or a bounty
upon the States. They actually belong to the
States. They were conceded by the States to
the General Government, and those not so
conceded were purchased by the common
Treasury of the country and belong to the
people of the States. We cannot say, when
we give them back to the States that we will
follow them into the States and see how the
States shall use them.
But there are other objections to this bill.
The bill does attempt to establish a school
svstem. The chairman of the committee says
in his opinion it does not. I contend that it
does, because it recognizes a system of gen-
eral superintendency. There must be such a
person as a State superintendent-. There must
be a provision made for the education of all
children between the ages of six and sixteen
years. It prescribes what duties must be per-
formed by the State superintendent, all of
which, I assert, constitute a system of education
controlled by Congress. The power which the
eighth section gives to the Commissioner of
Education makes the bill very objectionable.
It places in the hands of that officer the power
of withholding the certificate mentioned in that
section. The only remedy is an appeal to
Congress—a most precarious one indeed, and
unheard of in legislation.
If this bill becomes a law it will only be the
beginning of a series of acts looking to the
complete control of the common schools in
the States. Next you will see our Commis-
sioner styled the minister of public instruc-
tion, the term used in Prussia. You know our
President thinks our Government very much
like the Prussian system. I do, too. The next
act will be to establish a uniform system of
text-books. Those books will have to be
"loyal," p.nd to be loyal must be published
near Cambridge or Boston, with the Puritan
confession of faith attached to the multipli-
cation table. The Commissioner of Educa-
tion will furnish the plans upon which school-
houses must be constructed. He will control
the procuring of furniture and apparatus.
Publishers of school books and their agents
will make their annual raids upon the capital
of the nation to induce the Commissioner to
favor the introduction of (heir books, and we
will witness such jobs and frauds in the man-
agement of our schools as now disgrace the
other Departments of the Government.
I know it has been hinted here that this bill
will be of peculiar benefit to the southern States.
We all know what that means. It means
southern votes for this bill. I say to gentlemen
representing southern States that this bill is a
Trojan horse. In its interior are concealed the
lurking foe—mixed schools. Though I am no
prophet, yet, I venture to say, in less than one
year from now, if you pass this bill, you will
see an amendment to it compelling the States
to educate the races in the same schools; and
the State that refuses to make provision for
the education of the races together will lose its
share of the appropriation under this bill. I
wantgentlemen from the South to ponder these
things. In view of the treatment of the southern
people by the Congress of the United States
on the question of reconstruction and amnesty,
1 feel like old Capys—
"Timeo Danaos etdona ferentes."
Nothing good can come out of Nazareth. I
will go further than any one here in relieving
those oppressed communities in the South,
but I am not prepared to aid in fastening upon
them a law which will be more revolting to
them than all that has heretofore befallen
them.
Besides these objections, there is now an
existing law, passed August 29. 1842, giving to
the States the proceeds of the public lands. It
is true, the law is now in abeyance by virtue
of the sixth section of said act, but it is liable
at any day to be brought into operation. I
need not say with a slight amendment of this
law it could be made acceptable to all the
States. This much I have to say of this hum-
bug.
it takes, for example, from the State of
Pennsylvania about thirty-five thousand dol-
lars. But in time the General Government
will require from my State the same sum in
the form of increased duties and internal tax-
ation, with the salaries paid to the officers
which this system will create added. The
sum realized will hardly be sufficient to main-
tain our teachers one week at a normal school.
It, will not amount to twenty five cents to each
child. And yet this is called a ''stimulus to
education."
I would support the bill, objectionable as
it is, if I thought it would prevent giving
away the public lands to railroads. This bill
will have no such effect. The next Congress
would repeal it if we passed it. I am fully
persuaded that the railroad capitalists are
powerful enough to accomplish anything here.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. I have
but a few moments in which to discuss this
bill. Before considering the provisions of the
bill, let me say that I will go as far as any
gentleman from any section of the country in
the interests of education; and I hail with
satisfaction and delight any and all efforts on
the part of the gentlemen who are putting
forth their endeavors to increase the facilities
for the education of the people. But, Mr.
Speaker, when this is done at the expense of
great constitutional principles, I cannot give
my assent to such a measure.
This bill is brought forward, as it has been
claimed by the gentlemen on this committee,
in the interests of the southern people, the peo-
ple of the southern States. To this, sir, I do
not object. I am aware that the people of the
southern States, so far as their educational in-
terests are concerned, are not what they should
be ; that their system of education is not what
they desire it to be themselves. But letuscon-
sider for a moment what the effect of the pas-
sage of this bill will be. It is proposed to
distribute the proceeds of the sale of the pub-
lic lands on the basis of population among
all the people of all the States. Well, let it
be remembered that this bill, as it is said, is
brought forwardintheinterests of the southern
people.
Mr. PERCE. I would call the attention of
the gentleman to the fact that the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Butler] has offered an
amendment which cures the defect of which
he now speaks.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. Now,
it will be seen at once that the eastern, middle,
and northwestern States, which comprise a.
large portion of the population, will receive a
very large proportion of this money, and that
the southern people will receive compara-
tively little. Why, sir, if this bill is really
and truly brought forward in the interest of
the southern people, why is it necessary for us
to give to the people of these northern States
the larger proportion of the fund, when they
do not need it? No gentleman is here from
the northwestern, the middle, or the New
England States, asking, an appropriation for
educational purposes.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from New Hampshire [Mr. Parker] that
I will cheerfully admit an amendment appro-
priating all the proceeds to the southeru States,
if he will offer it.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. I would
very much more cheerfully vote for that propo-
sition than for this bill. I say, if gentlemen
are really honest and mean what they say, and
wish to stimulate educational interests at the
South, let them come directly to us and tell
us what they mean. Let them tell us at least
what they mean and what they want, and I
think they will find thecountry generous enough
to meet their demands. But I am not one of
those who are willing to give to the northern
States, which do not need and do not ask for
this money, a larger proportion of it, for the
sake of putting a few thousand dollars in tht>
hands of the southern people.
But, Mr. Speaker, my objections to this part
of the bill are far less serious than they are to
some other parts of it. By the provisions of
this bill this money is not only given to these
States, but it is proposed that we follow this
gift into the several States, and through this
Congress, through the General Government,
dictate to the people of the several States how
it shall be distributed, thereby violating a
sacred principle which is near and dear to
every lnver of the Constitution, if this, Mr.
Speaker, is not a direct blow at the Consti-
tution. I would ask, what is? If the Gen-
eral Government can follow this fund into the
several States, and there make it a felony for
a State officer elected by the State to appro-
priate the fund in any manner different from
