2362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
abolition of an office, and I have no objection
to that. I have no desire to interfere with any
disposition on the part of the committee to
economize, and if the office of secretary of
legation is not necessary, as I presume it is
not, it might be well enough to let the official
duties be performed there by the dragoman or
by the consul general.
Mr. EDMONDS. "Why, Mr. President,
that is not the point the House go upon. • The
office is necessary ; but the gentlemen of the
United States who are taking salaries from the
Treasury there are more numerous than all
their work together makes necessary for the
public iuterest. Therefore the House of Rep-
resentatives has thought, and the Department
has thought, and wisely, that the consul gen-
eral, holding that office and being a judicial
officer, aa my friend says, may also perform
the duties of secretary of legation. In per-
forming his duties as secretary of legation it
is necessary that there should be an inter-
preter, because the citizens of the United
States, this being a free country, are not sup-
posed to be required to know the language of
the country they go to as ministers and as con-
suls and so there must be an interpreter.
Now, you take the consul general and put
hiin into the secretary's office and say, " Here
is plenty of room for you to be secretary and
consul general both ; you can try these cases
that occasionally happen as consul general,
and you can attend as secretary to the lega-
tion." Now, the simple question is whether
you are to keep up two interpreters to this
secretary, who really does the business so far
as interpreting goes? Whether he in his ca-
pacity as secretary is to have a legation inter-
preter and in his capacity as consul is to have
another interpreter, when the same interpreter
interprets the same language?
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Department are
of opinion that they can dispense with the
secretary and require the duties of the secre-
tary to be performed by the consul general,
that is no reason why we should require the
interpreter of the court to perform the duties
of interpeter to the legation. The duty of
dragoman, the position of dragoman, the
official standing of dragoman is higher than
the position of consul general.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it higher than the
position of secretary of legation ?
Mr. SHERMAN, i think it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend is entirely mis-
Mr. SHERMAN. The highest evidence of
that is that in the absence of the minister the
dragoman acts as charg&, and not the consul
general.
Mr. EDMONDS. So he did, because there
was no secretary of legation before ; but now
we make a secretary of legation who, as the
Senator ought to know, in ail the countries of
Europe, if there is no charg6 d' affaires, in
the absence of the minister is directed to per-
form his functions, as he is the next highest
person in official station.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it seems this is a
mode of legislating out of office or out of the
most important part of his duties the drag-
oman or interpreter. If so, it is still more
offensive. Now, I know from what I have
heard from the State Department that they
regard Mr. Brown, although now probably
sixty years of age, who has lived there, from
boyhood almost, as a very competent and
essential officer. Without him it is impossible
for a man who goes over there, even Mr. Mor-
ris, to transact any business. Very few Amer-
icans know how to speak the Turkish lan-
guage. He is the only medium of commun-
ication between our minister and the Turkish
Government, and it seems to me his position
ought not to be affected without having it
understood.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This amendment does
sot affect it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know he has been com-
plaining for sometime. He has written to me
several times stating the expenses of living
there, and how difficult it was to get along
on $3,000 a year, but I never would ask for
an increase of the salary. He has been there
and has been able to live along thus far, and
I suppose will continue to live along on
$3,000 a year. But this would be, according
to the statement of the Senator from Vermont,
a degradation of his office. To require the
dragoman or interpreter of the minister to go
and act as interpreter for the consular court,
it seems to me would be inconsistent and in-
compatible with his duties as dragoman.
Unless there is strong reason for it, better
reason than has yet been given, I think it ought
not to be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The only reason is the
question whether the people's money shall be
spent for nothing. You have there at Con-
stantinople, with very little to do, either for a
minister or for a consul, two distinct sets of
officers. You have a minister, and a drago-
man, who acts as secretary, so to speak, and
also as interpreter, and you have a consul gen-
eral, and an interpreter to the consul general,
arid a vice consul, I believe, also; but no
matter whether the vice consul is there or
not. There being nothing to do almost, and
the money being spent for this double pur-
pose, the House of Representatives undertook
to provide that the duties of secretary of lega-
tion should be performed by the consul gen-
eral. It may be a degradation of his office;
he may not be willing to be a secretary. If
he is not, let him come home, and send some-
body who is willing to work for his money.
There is time enough to send some man to do
it. In the interest of economy, the House
undertook to do that.
Now, then, instead of turning out, as my
friend supposes, the dragoman, as he is called,
the interpreter of the legation, wc simply pro-
pose to dispense with the interpreter of the
consul general, and provide that the salary of
the interpreter of the legation, that is to say,
the dragoman, which is merely another name
for him, shall also cover the duties which he
may perform as interpreter for the very same
man who is the secretary of that legation, when
once in two months he is called upon to do
something as consul general. I submit to any
American citizen whether a man is going to
consider himself insulted if he is an interpre-
ter to the legation by being called upon when
he has nothing to do in that point to be also
interpreter for the very same people in the
legation when they are acting in a different
capacity, on the equity side of the court, so to
speak, as a consular court? That is all there
is to it. If this gentleman is not paid enough,
if these additional duties justify the addition
of $1,000 to his salary, amen, because we
shall save three or four thousand dollars then.
Mr. NYE. Why not make the dragoman
secretary ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. For the reason that the
House of Representatives has provided that
the consul general shall be the secretary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I know some-
thing about this matter. This consul general
happens to be a friend of mine, and is from
my State. It is undoubtedly true, as the Sen-
ator observes, that the position is nominal,
and I have no doubt with propriety he might
perform the duties of secretary also. It ap-
pears that the salaries of the two, of the drag-
oman and of the consul general, who is now
to perform the duties of secretary, are the
same. The consul general receives but $3,000,
and I suppose the reason is because the duties
are somewhat nominal.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is the salary of the con-
sul general only $3,000?
Mr. MORRILii, of Maine. I think it is
but $3,000. I do not know that it is onerous
to impose upon him this additional duty. I
do not complain of it. I think perhaps it is
not. But the point to which the honorable
Senator from Ohio adverts, that it might sub-
ject the dragoman to inconvenience, 1 hardly
think is applicable, even if it were not ren-
dered necessary by a provision of the bill that
the duties of the consul general are thereby
connected with the legation, showing 
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the distance
between the residences of the two?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My understand-
ing is that they are living on nearly the same
street, so that so far as the place is concerned
where the business is transacted, I do not
think it would be inconvenient. Then you
have to come to this conclusion : the duties
of dragoman are merely nominal unless he
is to perform the duties of secretary, and I
understand as a matter of fact this man, being
an experienced man, has been in the habit of
performing the duties of secretary. Now, if
a secretary is provided through the consul
general, certainly the duties of this officer
would be nominal merely, so that he can per-
form the additional duty of interpreter to the
consul general.
f Mr. THURMAN. I must confess that this
• is a very fine specimen of civil service reform.
Here is a gentleman who has been in the ser-
vice of the United States at Constantinople for
about thirty years, with the approbation of
every Administration we have had, with the
good will and friendship of every minister we
have had at Constantinople, with the good will
and grateful feelings of every American who
has visited Constantinople. He is a man who
has taken no part in the politics of this coun-
try. yHe was taken by his uncle, Commodore
DavM Porter, of no mean celebrity in the war
of 1812, to Constantinople when he was a boy,
instructed iu the language of that country,
instructed in the Arabic language, and is now
one of the best linguists that I know; and I
speak of him from personal knowledge. We
were school boys together, and I have met
him since. He is one of the best oriental
scholars, the very best oriental scholar, that
America has produced.
This man, who in the service of any other
country would long ago have been promoted,
and long ago have received far more salary
than that which he now receives, it is pro-
posed to degrade, for that is the long and the
short of this business. It is proposed to
leave him a mere interpreter, and to put in
this consul general as secretary of legation,
in order that when the American minister is
not there, and that is usually more than half
the time, this consul general may intervene
and be the charg6 d'affaires ad interim,, and
that the dragoman shall be simply an inter-
preter, instead of being as he has heretofore
been the chargfe in the abse'nee of the minister.
That is the meaning of this business. It is to
make it impossible for Mr. Brown to hold that
office with any proper self-respect; to make
him the mere interpreter not only of the lega-
tion, but of this consular court/*
Now, Mr. President, I protest against any
such thing as that. I protest against making
this consul general the secretary of legation,
if the effect of that is to be, as I suppose it is
according to the statement of the Senator from
Vermont, to make him the charge whenever
the minister is absent. That has never been
done heretofore. On the contrary, whenever
the minister has been absent heretofore, Mr.
Brown, the dragoman, has been the charg6,
and he is now at this very moment. And here
is a curious fact, as I learn, that although he
has been performing the duties of charg6 for
some time past, for want of an appropriation,
or something of that kind, he has not been re-
ceiving his pay as he ought to have received
it. That I learn also to be the fact.
Bnt here is a plain case of degradation of a
man, and it would be so regarded by the Gov-
ernment to which he is accredited, and by every-
