1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4155
of public business was such that I would be
accused, as I would anybody else, of interfer-
ing at this late hour with the public business;
therefore it would go to the couutry that an
adjournment and a called session were pro-
duced probably by myself; and I refrained
from doing it. But I say this: if the adjourn-
ment must take place and a called session is
the result, it cannot be laid at the door of the
frieilds of the Administration; it cannot be
laid at the door of the true Republicans in this
Chamber; it cannot be laid at the door of
the men who are desirous of performing their
duties without exhausting the time in political
discussion, and of returning to their homes after
those duties have been performed ; but it can
be laid at the door of the two Senators who
night after night have been studiously prepar-
ing attacks upon the Administration and upon
one of the organized committees of this body.
It is no harm, however, if the result is that a
called session shall be brought about by their
action. I presume they are responsible at
this time to nobody else than themselves.
Hence no one if? affected by it. Tliey can
take the responsibility, but notif others can;
and I am willing they shall do it.
But if, in the mean time, the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Senate of the United
States shall deem it just to themselves and
this country, for the purpose of completing the
public business, to extend this session for a
sufficient period to do that, at a proper time
in this Chamber I will in my feeble way
attempt at least to reply to one of the most
malignant assaults that has ever been made
against an honest man, the assault that was
made yesterday in this Chamber upon the
President of the United States. Such an
assault as that was not fitted for the Senate
Chamber ; it was not fitted for the lower branch
of Congress, it was fitted for no deliberative
body on this earth ; it was fitted alone for
the hustings, and should have been uttered
alone from the lips of a stump orator who knew
not the courtesies and deceuoies of the Senate
Chamber. An attack so brutal, so vile, so
malignant, was never made against mortal man,
except it was made after cool, calm, preparation
by a man only calculated to make such an
attack.
Now, sir, what purpose can this attack
serve? I mean to defend the President of the
United States at a proper time against it. I
may be forced to do it on the stump, but I
assure you I wili do it. In doing that, it is
not because I indorse everything that has been
done by this Administration, but it is because
an attack of this kind has been made, intended
only to destroy hiin before the people of this
country, whose liberties have been saved by
the assistance of his own strong right arm, in
leading the van of loyalists in this land who
severed the chains of slavery and preserved
the Union, which all the fine words that were
uttered by the silvery tongue of the Senator
from Massachusetts could never have effected.
It is because the attack has been made upon
a man to whom this country is more indebted
than to any other. He has his short-comings,
perhaps, like other men ; but he is entitled to
the gratitude of this people; he is entitled to
he defended at their hands'; he is entitled to
he justified in all things that are right; he is
entitled to be secure from aspersion, from
vilification, from falsification, and from
slander.
And I will say to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, in the short time that I am going
to talk now, that he will find an answer to that
malignant speech of bis in every crutch that
helps and aids the wounded soldier to wend his
way along in this land. He will fiud an
answer to it in every wooden arm. He will
find an answer to it in the bereaved heart of
every widowed mother. He will find an answer
to it'in this country that, will overwhelm him
and all his oratory. He will find that the
weeds of mourning which are found in this ,
land for the lost son and the lost brother will
speak in volumes like the tones of thunder in
defense of one of.the most gallant soldiers
that ever led a gallant baud for the preserva-
tion of a nation. [Applause in the galleries,']
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) .Order must be
preserved in the galleries. The door keepers
are instructed to remove any person who
creates disorder in the galleries.
Mr. LOGAN. I only say this much now
because, as I stated when I rose, I do not
intend to take up the time of the Senate. I
will only tell the Senator from Massachusetts
at this iate hour in the expiring moments of
this session of Congress that. when he uext
prepares a speech and reads it in this Senate
Chamber only twenty-four hours -before the
Congress expires, if he is afraid to have it
responded to he had better put it iu bis pocket,
or if not, let it appear in the Globe the next
morning. I woke up this morning, after but
three hours' sleep, early, in order to read the
Globe to find the Senator's speech, that I might
to-day reply to it paragraph by paragraph in
my feeble way. Not a word or line could I
find published officially. Yet it was printed
yesterday, prepared well, too; but it appears
nowhere officially this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator knows that I
am not responsible for that.
Mr. LOGAN. J do not say the Senator is
responsible; I am only stating a fact.
Mr. SUMNER. My desire was to have it
appear.
Mr. LOGAN. I am sorry your desires were
not accommodated. I am only stating a fact.
I do not give the reasons, for I know nothing
about them; I only know that that is the posi-
tion of the case as it stands before the country.
So it is with the other Senator's attack last
night on the committee that was denominated
by the Senator from Massachusetts "a white-
washing committee,'' language that ought
never to have fallen from the lips of that Sen-
ator in reference to this or any other com-
mittee that has honestly performed its duty.
Yet that speech is not found this morning;
only a paragraph can be found, and that is
that " Mr. Schurz took the floor and spoke in
reference to French arms."
No response is allowed, no opportunity is
given ; there is no record from which the com-
mittee can speak, or on which they can speak,
or to which they can reply, and we are told
that the needs of the country are such, that
business is such, as demands this adjourn-
ment at the earliest moment. Mr. President,
be it so. Mr. President, if the cause of these
Senators is so weak to-day before the land that
they must vomit forth theirvenom on the heads
of at least as good men I will say as they are
themselves, and no time can be afforded in
Congress for a reply to it, be it so. But the
honest-hearted laboring men of this laud, the
honest-hearted women and children of this
land, will read the purposes of these gentle-
men as plainly as you or I can read them. The
people of this country are too intelligent to be
deceived by any man. That is an impossibility.
They understand the whole programme; they
know that the road out of the Philadelphia
convention is the direct road into the arms of
the Democratic party.
This whole country understands that an
attack upon the man who is certain to be
nominated at Philadelphia is a speech iu the
interest of the Democratic party. It reminds
me of the times of the war, when we found
plenty of men who professed to be very loyal,
but who were opposed to the war; who were
always loyal and in favor of the Union, but
opposed to prosecuting the war for the pres-
ervation of the Union. That was the case
with many men then who were loyal because
they could not help themselves, but loyal to
no good purpose. So it is in this instance; all
the earnest eft'orts of a life-time of the Senator
from Massachusetts, all his learning, all his
statesmanship, all his knowledge of interna-
tional law, all his knowledge of national affairs,
all his .opposition to slavery, and all that he
has done throughout his life which has bloomed
and blossomed forth, and from which we have
all received nourishment and information that
has prepared us for the good work—from that
tall estate the Senator fell yesterday!
He attacked, if not directly indirectly, every
act of his former life ; if not directly indirectly
the party that he says he made himself. If
not directly indirectly he stabbed his own
child. If not directly indirectly he strangled
that which he had himself spoken into life
according to his own statement. I know the
Senator will not receive advice from me; £
know I am not capable of giving it; but I
will say this to him in the conclusion of my
remarks: he said yesterday that the Repub-
lican boat when properly guided was the life-
boat of the nation. I reply to him "to-day
that, the Republican boat of this nation is the
life-boat of this nation. The Republican
party is t.he truelife-boat. Outside all is sea;
inside is life. The very moment you at-
tempt to strand that old craft, that moment
you sink to the bottom of the sea that vessel
upou which the hopes of mankind were
freighted as we passed through one of the
most terrific wars ever known to nations since
nations began ; and he will do if he shall suc-
ceed that which the Democratic party have
never been able to do, sink the old Repub-
lican ship.
Now, sir, I am ready to-proceed with busi-
ness. I am ready to go on until Monday at
twelve o'clock, the time fixed for the adjourn-
ment of Congress, and then I atn ready to
adjourn if the public business is through; if
not, to extend the session. What I rose to say
now was in relation to the question of adjourn-
ment. I hope the Senate of the United States
will agree to a resolution postponing the time
of adjournment until the business iscompleted,
in order to prevent a called session, in order
to prevent the President doing that which
otherwise he will be compelled to do, call us
together again in order to complete that which
we have iailed to do. 1 hope that necessity
wili not be imposed upon him.
What I have said has been merely by way
of giving a reason why I will not take up the
time of the Senate oil this occasion to reply
to what was said yesterday. I announce, how-
ever, that although we have butashort time lo
prepare, we intend, if there is time during the
session of Congress, to have a reply made to
the Senator from Massachusetts and the Sena-
tor from Missouri on the part of the committee
to inquire into the sales of arms in reference to
other-charges against that committee and the
charges of the Senator from Massachusetts
generally, and that reply will be made as full
and as complete as it lies in the ability of that
committee to make it.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I rise to ask
the consent of the Senate to let this resolution
be voted upon without any further discussion ;
if not, I shall deem it my duty to call for the
regular order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware rise to speak? If he does
the Chair will ask consent to submit a veto
message from the President of the United
States.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well.
J. MILTON BEST. VETO MESSAGE.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message of the President
of the United States ; which was read:
To the Senate of the United States:
I have examined t,he bill (S. No. 105) entitled
"Ail act fur the relief ot J. Milton Bo&t," and, being
unable to give it my approval, icturn the fijime to
the Senate, the House in whieh it originated, with-
out my signature.
The bill appropriates the sum of $25,000 to com-
pensate Dr. J. Milton Best for the destruction ot his
dwelling-house anil its contents by order ot the com-
