1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
body connected with diplomatic affairs there
from every country. I say that this is pretty
civil service reform indeed. I say in any coun-
try in the world but the United States that
man would have been minister long ago instead
of being in the humble position of interpreter.
I therefore hope that this amendment will not
be agreed to, and I shall move to strikeout—I
suppose it will be in order—the forty-eighth,
forty-ninth, and fiftieth lines of this section,
that part which provides that the consul gen-
eral shall be the secretary of legation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let, us try one question
at a time.
Mr. THURMAN. I shall move to strike
out those lines. This is an extraordinary
economy, the saving of a few hundred dollars
there. This man ought to have more salary
than he gets. He ought to have a good salary.
The greater part of the time that he served
first as an interpreter was at a most moderate
salary indeed, I think only $1,200 or $1,400,
certainly not to exceed $1,500, for a long
time. His salary has never been more than
enough to provide a bare support for himself
and his family. It does seem to me that this
is an extremely harsh measure toward a man
who is not only meritorious, but is a credit to
his country—as I said, one of the best oriental
scholars, indeed the best oriental scholar,
that this country has ever produced; a very
excellent French scholar besides, and one who
is thoroughly conversant with the duties of his
office, and with the people and the court to
which our minister is accredited.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is rather a funny
thing that the moment the Committee on Ap-
propriations attempt to consolidate duties, not
to reduce salaries—it does not undertake to
reduce this gentleman's salary—but undertake
to consolidate duties where there are sinecure
offices in those dominions, and thus to save a
little of the sweat of the groaning tax-payers,
whom the honorable Senator from Ohio talks
so much about, and that happens to touch a
citizen of Ohio, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, the great protector of the
Treasury, and the head of the Democratic
party, the great civil service reform man, and
all other reform men, (and I do not speak it
in any injurious sense,) should unite their
forces against having this gentleman, this citi-
zen of Ohio, interpret two hours a day the
Turkish tongue into the American, instead of
an hour and a half. They say it will dimin-
ish his dignity ; it will be insulting to him to
ask him to descend-from the high throne
where he interprets as intepreter of the lega-
tion and undertake to interpret for the consul
a little while; it will be something beneath the
business of an American citizen, just as it
would be utterly ruinous to the dignity of a
Senator going out of the Chamber to under-
take to harness his own horse, or to under-
take to buy his own beef in market, or to
repair one of his own doors, or to earn his
own bread if he were a lawyer by going into
the Supreme Court and arguing as honestly as
he could for a certain side of a cause.
Why, Mr. President, this beats the Cincin-
nati convention all to pieces. I thought, from,
that convention, Ohio would be famous for-
evermore as being the theater, as Virginia is
said to have been, of great events; but I
must say the Cincinnati convention is gone
when we have the spectacle of theiwo chief
men of the two great parties in this country,
excepting this new party, which I suppose is
the greatest—leaving that out, with respect—
uniting to defend the dignity of a citizen of
Ohio, who is asked to interpret the Turkish
tongue in his present capacity, not changing
his office at all, when a question arises be-
tween an American merchant and an Ameri-
can seaman for half an hour before the very
same man he has been interpreting to for Uje
hour before. That is an insult to him, an<x\
civil service reform is to be put into the shade
rather than put that indignity upon him!
/
Why, sir, with all respect, it looks to me as if
it were almost ridiculous. If it had come
from anybody east of the Alleghany moun-
tains it would have been ridiculous, plainly.
What do we propose to do ? Not to dimin-
ish this man's salary—raise it if he does not
have enough—but as he has almost nothing to
do and as the consul general has almost noth-
ing to do, the question is whether we are to
have two men who are to be paid for interpret-
ing the Turkish tongue, or one. That is all.
Now I do hope, Mr. President, if all the
tears we have shed over the labors of the tax-
payers, and the people's money that we wring
out of them, have really any salt in them, we
shall not hear any more about undertaking,
wherever we can find an opportunity, to have
people perform a little more duty and dispense
with useless offices; and that is what this
amendment dispenses with—the office of in-
terpreter to the consul general and saying that
the interpreter to the legation, the consul gen-
eral being its secretary, shall interpret for
him also when once in a few months he has
occasion to act as consul general. I hope, I
say, that we shall not be unwilling to do that
thing; and that is all there is of it.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I submit
to the Senate whether there was any founda-
tion for the speech we have just made.
Mr. CONKLING-, (in his seat.) Why, cer-
tainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, I say certainly
not, unless it was a mere rhetorical exercise,
which sometimes is a very good thing indeed.
I am sure I said nothing about degrading Mr.
Brown by making him interpret for the consul
general.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Your colleague did.
Mr. THURMAN. I leave my colleague to
defend himself. He is quite competent to do
it. What I say is that when you put this con-
sul general above him, as yon declare your
purpose to be, make him secretary of legation,
so that in the absence of the minister he may
be the charg6, then you do degrade Mr. Brown.
That is the degradation I speak of. That is
the degradation that the Senate ought not to
inflict upon so meritorious and worthy a man.
Now,"with respect to this matter of his hav-
ing nothing or very little to do, if the Senator
is so extremely anxious to economize, let him
abolish half the missions we have. There are
plenty of them where the ministers have noth-
ing absolutely to do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How does that affect this
question of what this man has to do ?
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator wants to
be extremely economical, to save _ $1,000 or
$1,500, or something of that kind, in Turkey;
and I suppose that will be sufficient evidence
of economy and reform, and then you can go
on and make as enormous appropriations as
you please for something else. If he wants to
be economical, as we are on this consular and
diplomatic bill, let him propos^to abolish about
half a dozen of the useless missions down in
South America and in Central America, where
they are of no use in the world and have
absolutely nothing to do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall be happy to con-
sider that question with my friend when we
reach it.
Mr. THURMAN. I should be glad to see
them abolished, for I think most of them are
of no earthly use whatever. _ I do not think,
at a time when we are stretching out our hands,
as some Senators are disposed to do theirs, to
welcome the people of all countries in the
world, especially if they are not white, it is
very well for us to talk about having nothing
to do at Constantinople. All I have to say is
that this Government has seen fit for more
than thirty years to maintain diplomatic rela-
tions with the Ottoman Porte. They have seen
fit to educate this man in that knowledge which
has made him so excellent an officer, and I do
think it is a very bad exhibition of civil service
reform to put somebody above him now, as
does this provision in regard to the consul
general being the secretary of legation, thereby
preventing the dragoman from being the charge
in the absence of the minister.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say a word in
reply to the honorable Senator from Vermont.
Iam always glad to hear him, especially when
he is humorous, as he is to-night; but I ask
him, if he desires to economize, why it is that
the consul general at Constantinople is sud-
denly thrust into the diplomatic service?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you want an answer
now?
Mr. SHERMAN. When I get through. If
he wants to economize, why does he not make
the law correspond with the practice now?
Now, the interpreter has a salary and is act-
ing as charg6 d'affaires also, and does most
of the time. All the communications this
Government has with Turkey are through the
interpreter. Every document has to be trans-
lated. The ministers, as we know, as a matter
of fact, are most of the time absent. They
are wandering in Syria, in the Holy Land, in
Egypt, traveling wherever they choose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What authority has the
honorable Senator to say that ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg him to state if he
can, if he is speaking by the book, as the say-
ing is, how much of the time in the last two
years the American minister at Constantinople
has been absent?
Mr. SHERMAN. I know very well that
Mr. Brown is acting as charg6 d'affaires
there the majority of the time, and is at this
moment, and has done so for five months past.
Mr. McVeigh, the recent minister, traveled
around a great deal, and was there but very
little, and a new minister is now on his way.
The Senator is not seeking to economize,
or he would economize where economy would
amount to something. Why, sir, all the com-
munications with the Turkish Government have
been through this interpreter. Would you
have him go out of his office as dragoman and
interpreter to black boots, hitch up a buggy,
and do all that sort of thing? Why, sir, the
dragoman in this service is now the secretary
of legation, and he performs the duties of sec-
retary of legation ; m the absence of the min-
ister is charg6 d'affaires ; and yet now in that
court, where they regard rank and form and
ceremony a great deal more than the,Senator
from Vermont and I do, you thrust in another
consular officer to take his place and his only
chance for promotion and for a temporary
increase of salary. Is that nothing? Is not
that an injustice to an officer of the Govern-
ment who has been there for thirty years with-
out any fault being found with him? The
consul general is thrust in here so that he who
now holds a mere negative office with no duty
will have the benefit of this temporary em-
ployment in the absence of the minister. Why
is this?
I hope, therefore, the Senate will leave the
law stand as it is now, leave the interpreter
stand as the secretary, leave your minister if
you choose ; and if the consul general is not
needed, cut him off, take away his duties.
But so far as the economy of the question is
concerned, I think the Senator from Vermont
and I can compromise. If he wishes to save
the salary of the secretary who has not been
appointed there for some time, let us dec.are
in so many words "that on and after the
passage of this act the duties of secretary of
legation shall be performed by the said inter-
preter," and then the Senator will save the
salary of $1,500, which is precisely the extent
of the economy now proposed in this bill.
Mr NYE. I wish to ask the Senator
whether he thinks the consul general can dis-
charge the duties of that office and also the
duties of secretary of legation while acting
as minister? For instance, there are many
appeals taken from the decision of the consul
in the consular court to the minister.
