1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1467
the Central and Union Pacific railroad cor-
porations, and ascertain, if possible, what Con-
gress has done for them, and what rich fruits
their shrewd managers have been able to
gather. I hold in my hand a manual of rail-
roads of the United States for 1871 and 1872,
by Henry V. Poor, and from that I take the
statistics which I now use:
Central Pacific: line of road, Sacramento to Og-
den, 881 miles; Government bond subsidy, six per
cent, thirty-year bonds. $29,851,000; land grant of
128,000 acres per mile, 10,276,800 acres.
Union Pacific: line of road, Omaha to Central
Pacific junction, 1,038.68; Government bond subsidy,
six per cent, thirty-year bonds, $27.2)6,512; land
grant of 12,800 acres permilo about. Id,290,000 acres.
Total bond subsidy to tho two corporations,
$57,087,512; total land grant to the two corporations,
23.566,800 acres.
Central Pacific : financial statement—
Capital stock paid in  Sol,001,960
Funded debt issued  31,488,000
Land-grant bonds  10,000,000
Government bond subsidy  29,851,000
Union Pacific: financial statement—
Capital stock issued  36,745,000
First moitgage bonds  27,237,000
Land-grant bonds  9,504,000
Income ton percent, bonds  10,000,000
Government bond subsidy  27,236,512
The land-grant bonds, as they are called,
were issued by the corporations and secured
by a mortgage upon the lands given them by
Congress.
From these statistics the House will readily
see what Congress has already done for the
Pacific railroad, for although owned by two
corporations it is but a single line of road con-
necting Omaha with Sacramento. The House
will also see what means the managing build-
ers of the road have had in their hands with
which to construct and equip it. Without
estimating the amount of cash received from
subscriptions to the capital stock—and I sup-
pose the fact is very little money was paid in
by the original stockholders—they have had
for construction and equipment the enormous
sum of $145,407,000, less the discount on the
bonds and the expenses of negotiating them..
Fifteen millions will probably cover these de-
ductions.
in a 'word, then, Congress has given these
corporations 23,566,800 acres of the public
domain, and it has advanced to them United
States six per cent, currency bonds payable in
thirty years to the amount of $57,087,512.
The act of 1802 provided that the principal and
iuterest of the bonds should be repaid to the
Government, and they were to remain a first
mortgage lien upon the property of the two
companies. It was further stipulated that ser-
vice rendered the Government by transporta-
tion of mails, military supplies, &c., should be
applied in payment of interest. In 1864 it was
urgently claimed that the road could not be
built, without further aid, and Congress passed
an act authorizing these corporations to issue
their own bonds for an amount equal to the
sum represented by the bonds advanced by
the United States, and that said bonds so
issued might have priority of lion over those
of the Government. This concession was im-
mediately taken advantage of, and many good
financiers to-day believe that, at least so far as
the Union Pacific road is concerned, nearly
every dollar advanced to that corporation will
be a total loss to the Government. Am I not
justified in saying that Congress has treated the
Pacific railroad companies with great liberality ?
And that, too, even when measured by the
immense magnitude of the work which it was
sought to accomplish.
And now, sir, permit a brief allusion to the
manner in which the men who controlled those
corporations proceeded to establish and carry
into elfect this great national enterprise. X
believe it is a well understood fact that they
formed a sort of Credit Mobilier, and made
contracts with the corporations (that is, with
themselves) for the building of the road. They
received payment in bonds, stock, and money,
and sublet their contracts to other parlies at a
much lower figure. In this way, it is stated
on what I regard to be good authority, that
these two corporation rings pocketed a profit
of over forty million dollars. Pretty good pay
for a vast amount of brain-work, energy, and
perseverance I
But our liberality does not end here. Dur-.
ing last Congress the Treasury Department,
under the advice of the law officers of the Gov-
ernment, exacted from these corporations pay-
ment of interest on the United States bonds
advanced them, and credited upon said inter-
est account the amount which said corpora-
tions were to receive for Government service.
They protested, and appealed to Congress.
The Judiciary Committee of the Senate gave
an opinion in the case, (I do not know whether it
was indorsed by the House committee,) which
enabled them to take from the Treasury in cash
half pay for transporting the mails, military
stores, and other property of the Government;
and they took it in face of the fact that the
Central Pacific corporation was receiving at
that time over three million dollars net annual
income. I hold in my haud the last public
statement of the Secretary of the Treasury,
showing that we have advanced in interest
over nine million dollars to these corporations.
Hereafter we are to be allowed an offset of
interest against only one half of the charges
which they make for Government transporta-
tion.
Can liberality further go? Shall we pass
this bill and give to the Central Pacific cor-
poration, whose stock sells to-day at about
par in the market—making its property worth
not less than $50,000,000—one half ofYerba
Buena island? That island, situated in San
Francisco bay, within less than two miles
from the wharves of the city, with navigable
water to its very shores, contains one hundred
and twenty-eight acres of land. The gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Vooriiees,] who ad-
dressed the House yesterday on this subject,
says that this bill does not contain a land
grant. What does it contain? Itgivestothe
Central Pacific Railroad Company a perpetual
lease of one half of this island without reserv-
ing a dollar for rent. Is not that a land grant ?
The gentleman tries to make a distinction
between this and ordinary land grants. Now,
I affirm that this is a land grant of the most
valuable kind. Why, will the friends of this
bill say that if there were one hundred and
twenty-eight acres of public domain on the
island ol Manhattan, and it was proposed
to give half of it to the New York Central
railroad or the Erie railroad by a perpet-
ual lease without rent, that such a proposi-
tion would not embrace a land grant? Sir,
many of the most valuable pieces of real
estate in this country are held by leases for
ninety-nme years. This bill proposes a free
lease forever, and yet will gentlemen say that
bypassing it we are not making a land grant?
This island appears, from the testimony of
the men who have been sent by the Govern-
ment to survey it, to be worth at least five
million dollars. That is the documentary tes-
timony of men in the Government, service;
and right here I desire to call the attention of
the House to the official documents in this
case. Gentlemen do not confine themselves
to the record, but talk at random about this
matter. They tell you that certain military
officers say that this island is not necessary to
the military defense of San Francisco, and
lhat it is a barren rock, of no value whatever
lor any purpose. Let them point us to the
official document containing such a statement.
The highest military authority of the coun-
try pronounces the possession by the Govern-
ment of this entire island necessary for the
defense of the harbor ol San Francisco. I
have before me the report of the three Arrjny
engineers who were sent out four years ago
for the special purpose of investigating and re-
porting to the War Department upon this sub-
ject. I have not time to read the whole of
their report, which may be found in Congres-
sional Globe, second session Forty-First Con-
gress, volume seventy-nine, page 4523. I sub-
mit that if the friends of this bill have any
official record to meet this report of the Army
engineers they should produce it:
Letter from the Secretary of War ad interim, transmit-
ting a report by the Chief of Engineers relative to a
biU for the relief of the Termtnal Central Pacific
Railroad Company. ,
War Department,
■Washington City, January 2,1868. •
Sir : I have the honor to send herewith a report
by the Chief of Engineers, dated December 20, 1867,
containing information called for by a communica-
tion from Hon. G. W. Jclian, chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, which committee has
under consideration a bill for the relief of the Term-
inal Central Pacific Railway Company, to which tho
bill contemplates granting the island of Y-erba
Buena, in San Francisco harbor.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
U. S. GRANT,
Secretary of War ad interim.
Hon. Schuyler Coi.fax,
Spealcer of the House of Representatives.
Headquarters Coups of Engineers,
Washington, D. C„ December 20.1867.
General: I have the honor to return herewith
the letter ot the Committee ofi the Public Lands of
the House of Representatives, ot 7th December, on
the subject of the bill for tho relief of the Terminal
Central Pacifio Railroad Company, and to repoit as
follows:
This subject was presented here about the 1st of
November, by the engineer of the company, who
exhibited and explained the maps and projects of
tho company with sufficient detail to show tho nature
of their undertaking.
A copy of the printed report, and explanatory
itapers, was sent by me on tho 2d November to San
francisco, to the board of engineers for the Pacific
coast, with instructions to examine the question of
theoccupation of YerbaBuenaislandwith defensive
works, so as to ascertain how much of the island
would bo needed for these uses, and how far other
parts of it would be subject to the action of the bat-
teries that should bo placed upon it.
With the aid of the report to be furnished by this
board of officers, now on the spot and specially in-
structed to consider carefully all questions pertain-
ing to the defonses of San Francisco, I shall be able
to say with some precision to what extent, if at all,
the United States should relinquish control over this
island, with a view of facilitating the commercial
operations which must be developed at the terminus,
wherever that may be, of the great railroad which is
now being constructed across tho continent.
I must advise that no steps be taken to divest the
United States of its ownership of any part of the
island until it is definitely settled what portions m ust
be retained to aid in securing tho city and harbor
against hostile vessels. _
If, after thorough examination, it should prove
that any part of it may be relinquished by the Uni-
ted States, without interfering with the defenses,
then the manner and terms upon which such por-
tion should be disposed ot should be carefully con-
The bill proposes to relinquish four fifths of the
island, that is, about ninety acres, without any con-
sideration, to a company organized under general
laws, that proposes to build a railroad twenty-five
and one half miles in length, from Vallejo to tho
harbor of San Francisco. Should so large a portion
of tho island, or any large part of it, prove to be
available for commercial purposes, its pecuniary
value would be great, and should inure to the ben^
efit of the United States, or the State of California,
in some shape or other.
Commerco generally might require all, or the
greater part of the island; but for railroad purposes
there would bo needed only aright of way and a site
for depots, wants that a small part of the whole tract
would supply.
It is to be remarked that the bill imposes no obli-
gations upon the company to build tho proposed rail-
road, nor to do any other thing. The grant is aa
absolute free gift, without asingle condition, of four
fifths of an island containing over one hundred acres,
in the middle of the harbor of San Francisco, one
and a half mile from the city, with deep water close
up to the shore on all sides except one. 'lho value
of this gitt, over and above the cost of the work
necessary to develop it, must bo many million dol-
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. A. llUMFlliilljib,
Brigadier General oj Engineers commanding.
General U. S. Grant, Secretary of War ad interim.
Report by George /1. Elliot, Cr. 11. Mendell, cind B.
Alexander, officers of Enoineers to General A. A.
Humphrey*. Chief of Enftineern, of an examination
of Yerba JSuena inland, showing its importance us a
military defense to the harbor nj San francisco.
Office Board oi' Engineers,
San Fkancisco, California, January b, 18bb.
General: The board of engineers for the Pacific
coast, constituted by Engineer Order No. 64, dated
"Engineer Department, AVashmgton, December 4,
1866 " has recoived and considered the application
ot Mr. William B. Hyde, the chief engineer ot the
Terminal Central Pacific Railroad Company, dated
October 28,1867, and addressed to the Secretary of
War, in relation to Yerba Buena island.
