1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
motion I move that all debate in Committee
of the Whole upon the pending amendment
shall cease in one minute.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
allow a little more time than that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well; I
modify my motion so as to close debate in five
minutes.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move that
the rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to resume the consideration of
the legislative appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill
No. 1060, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes.
The pending paragraph was as follows:
Department of State:
For compensation of theSecretary of State. SS,000;
two Assistant Secretaries of State, at $3,500 each; for
chief clerk, $2,200; ten clerks of class four, additional
to one clerk of class four as disbursing clerk, nine
clerks of class three, three clerks of class two, eight
clerks of class one, one messenger, one assistant
messenger, nine laborers, and four watchmen; in
all, $74,520.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Monroe,] to increase the compen-
sation of the chief clerk of the State Depart-
ment from $2,200 to $2,500.
Mr. BANKS. I move pro forma to amend
so as to make the amount $2,400. I know
how reluctant the House is to change the sal-
aries of officers upon an appropriation Kill;
and I should scarcely venture to make this
proposition, or even to speak to it, did I not
find it before the House. I think there is no
more faithful and deserving officer in the pub-
lic service than the chief clerk of the State
Department. At this time, as in the past, a
very great deal of work is imposed upon him.
As every one knows, the expenses of living in
this city are higher than they have ever been
before. The chief clerk of the War Depart-
ment and the chief clerk of the Navy Depart-
ment receive each $2,500, and I submit that
there is no good reason why the chief clerk
of the State Department, equally capable and
laborious, should not receive the same com-
pensation as corresponding officers in other
Departments. I hope, therefore, that the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Monroe] will be adopted. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have only to
repeat what I said yesterday, that I hope the
House will not break the ranks on the ques-
tion of raising salaries iu this bill. I agree to
all that has been said as to the merits of this
officer, and as to the injustice of his present
rate of salary. But I beg the House to remem-
ber that this bill is not the place to adjust the
general arrangement of salaries.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Monroe, it was not agreed to ;
there being—ayes twenty, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, $12,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have been
instructed by the committee to offeran amend-
ment to come in at the end of the clause just
read. It is to add the following:
And all laws and parts of laws authorizing the
payment of money for publishing the laws of the
United States in newspapers is hereby repealed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I raise the point of
order that this amendment proposes to change
existing law, and is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have ex-
plained to the gentleman that points of order
on this bill have been waived, and that this
clause was left out by a clerical omission.
But, of course, the gentleman has the right to
make the technical point.
Mr. KILLINGER. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether the pending clause provides for the
deficiency in the payment of newspapers for
printing the laws of the last Congress ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It does not.
Deficiencies are put in the deficiency bill.
The appropriations in this bill are altogether
for the next fiscal year.
Mr. PALMER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the clause last read by the Clerk, and
inserting in lieu thereof the following:
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, and in
newspapers ot the States and Territories and in the
city of Washington, $50,000: Provided, That here-
after no laws or treaties shall be published in news-
papers except those which are of a general nature,
which laws shall be selected by the Secretary of
State; and the same shall in all cases be published
without delay.
Mr. Chairman, that is the amount appropri-
ated last year for both purposes, for printing
in pamphlet form and in the newspapers.
This provision for publishing the laws in the
newspapers has existed ever since 1818, and
the original purpose of it was that the laws of
Congress might be published as they were cur-
rently enacted. It must be known to the mem-
bers of this House that it is generally six, or
eight, or ten weeks after the adjournment of
the sessions of Congress before the laws appear
in pamphlet form. Then the process of dis-
tribution is slow, and the masses of the people
know little of the laws of Congress as they
have been passed. We expend hundreds of
thousands of dollars here every year for the
reporting and printing of what members say,
but when it is all grouped together in acts so
that the people may see what is done, we pro-
pose to put them off with a little paltry appro-
priation to pay for the printing of our laws in
pamphlet form, when the masses of the people
see so little of them.
Mr. Chairman, in the State which I have the
honor in part to represent there is a provision
of our statutes which requires the publication
of our statutes in two papers in every county.
The last General Assembly of that State ex-
pended within three thousand dollars as much
money as we propose to expend for both pam-
phlets and newspapers, and that simply fot the
purpose of printing in the newspapers the laws
of the Legislature of that State. Forty seven
thousand dollars were expended in our State
for publishing in the newspapers the statutes
of our State for that session alone. Yet here
we, in the Congress of the United States pro-
pose that the laws of the United States shall
simply be printed in pamphlet form, so that the
masses of the people will have no opportunity
of knowing what we have done. I hope, there-
fore, that this appropriation, nothing more
than carrying out the existing law on that
subject, will stand as it has stood for the last
fifty-four years.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I will not prolong the debate on this clause fur-
ther than to state to the committee the ground
upon which the Committee on Appropriations
ask to strike out this appropriation. Last year
we paid $50,000 for publishing^ the laws un-
der the arrangement referred to in the amend-
ment offered by my friend from Iowa, [Mr.
Palmer,] of which $10,000 was paid for dis-
tributing the laws in pamphlet form, and the
balance, $40,000, for publishing them in the
newspapers.
Mr. PALMER. Thirty-eight thousand dol-
lars. . ,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Thirty:eight,
thousand dollars. This year they ask $72,000
of Congress—$12,000 for distribution in pam-
phlet form, and the other $60,000 for pub-
lishing in the newspapers, under the law which
authorizes the Secretary of the Senate and
the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
select the newspapers, not exceeding two in
each State, in which they are to be published.
The rate the Government pays for this print-
ing is so low that no first class paper will print
the laws. As a matter of fact, hardly a daily
paper of the most starved character anywhere
in the United States can be found to print the
laws. In my own State, Tor example, they are
printed in the most obsei. rs weekly papers that
can be picked up; or rather as a class these
are the papers to which has been committed
the publishing of our laws. They are not pub-
lished for six or ten months after we adjourn;
then they appear in these obscure papers. In
my judgment, it is about as worthless as any
printing the Government pays for anywhere.
What are two little weekly papers in Ohio good
for as the means of distributing to the people
a knowledge of the laws we pass? In my judg-
ment, and in the judgment of a majority of the
committee, it is simply throwing away $>60,000
as absolutely as we could possibly do if we
pitched that amount of money into the fire.
I admit there may be here and there a Ter-
ritory where there may be only two or three
papers, which the majority of the reading
population take, where this arrangement
would be good. No doubt in the gentleman's
State it may be valuable. The method left is
to distribute the pamphlet laws which we pro-
vide for here. That amount may be increased
if we please.
Mr. Chairman, the fact was brought before
the House last year that a man was paid for
printing the laws, and his mode of doing it
was to get as many members of Congress as
he could to send him pamphlet laws, which he
distributed with the title of his paper printed
upon the cover as an advertisement of his en-
terprise ; and thus, while the Government of
the United States helped to circulate his news-
paper, it paid him for the printing of the laws,
which really he never did. This is one of the
abuses under this arrangement of printing the
laws. This appropriation was stricken out last
year, but I believe was restored in the con-
ference committee. I hope the amendment of
my friend from Iowa will not be adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word.
The instances given by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations are instances
of maladministration which ought to be cor-
rected. If they exist to the extent he seems
to intimate, I would suggest to him that it is
his duty, as chairman of an important commit-
tee, to bring the matter before the House in a
very different form. But because an execu-
tive officer—that is the substance of the mat-
ter—permits a law, excellent in its charac-
ter, to be improperly administered, that is no
argument against the law itself.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman will
permit me, I will say that under the law regu-
lating the Government Printing Office, private
parties here are allowed to order as many
copies of a book to be printed in this office as
they see fit and pay a certain price for thera.
The printer of a paper in one of the disjant
States ordered a large number of the pam-
phlet laws of Congress under that provision,
put the title of his paper on the tit'e-page and
circulated them as supplements to h>s paper,
thereby defeating the object of the law, which
was, that the laws should be published in the
regular editions of the newspapers. That was
what we pointed out last year as an abuse.
Mr. MAYNARD. Such a publication as
that would bo filed in the State Department,
and it would be for the State Department to
decide whether the man published the iavvs in
his newspaper as the act of Congress required;
and it was the business of the State Depart-
ment to decide whether su:h an evasion tf
law should be tolerated and ths party paid for
it. But that is aside from the question now
before the committee. If I recollect the num-
ber of copies which I received of the edition,
it wa3 about twenty, to be sent into a district
comprising fourteen different counties, ibe
