1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6X9
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Miscellaneous Appropriations—Mr. Starkweather.
Ho. of Reps.
may be added an enlargement within the past year
or two. the extent of which is not precisely known.
Brooklyn.—Eighty and a quarter acrcs, twelve hun-
dred feet front, oriq dock, and two building-slips,
Philadelphia.—Fifteen and three eighthsacres.one
floating-dock, two slips, water front six hundred
feet. To which may be added the small yard at
Maro Island, on tho Pacific, and those at Norfolk
and Pensacola, which were partially destroyed by
the encui£ at the commencement of the rebellion.
The Secretary of the Navy has again and again
urged upon the attention of Congress the necessity
for an increase of our naval establishments, and
particularly for the construction and repair of iron
vessels. Tho President of tbe United States has
deemed the necessity so urgent as to recommend the
same in his annual message, and tho Bureau of
Yards and Bocks, and all naval authorities coa-
.versant with tho subject, have concurred in tho
same opinion. The oommitteo cannot avoid the
conclusion, therefore, in answer to tho first branch
of the inquiry with which they were.charged, that
the immediate establishment of a new yard, with
special adaptation to the building, docking, and
repair of iron vessels, has become a national neces-
sity.
In answer to tho second branch of tho resolution
instructing them " to report the proper site for the
location of such a yard, ' tho committee, after a very
careful and thorough consideration of tho whole
subject, extending over a period of some four
months, including an examination of the report of
the board of scientific officers " authorized bv Con-
gress to be appointed by tho Secretary of the Navy,"
a personal inspection of nearly all the proposed
sites, and a hearing of the facts and arguments pre-
sented by the friends of each, have come to the con-
clusion that the site upon the river Thames, near
New London, Connecticut, combines, in a greater
degree than any other, the essential advantages and
conditions for such an establishment, and is free
from thQ objections obtaining at othor places. And
in this conclusion they are sustained by the report
of the "scientific board" selected by the Socretary
of the Navy with reference to their special fitness
for that duty; which board consisted of the follow-
ing engineers and naval officers: Admiral S. II.
Stringham, of New York; Commodore C.J. Van-
brunt, of New Jersey * Engineer W. P. Sargor, of
Navy Department; Professor A. D, Bache, of Phila-
delphia; Commodore W. II. Gardinor, of Philadel-
phia; Captain Marston, of Philadelphia.
Their duties, {is defined by the act of Congress of
July 15,1862, wore to make " a thorough examina-
tion and survey " of tho proposed sites, and to report
by tho selection of which " the pubiio interest would
best be promoted."
The board thus constituted, after a vory laborious
and exhaustive survey of the proposed sites, extend-
ing over a period of several months, came to the
conclusion that "the public interests would not bo
promoted by the acceptance of League Island," and
recommended the selection of New London.
That this " board of officers " did not mistake the
objectof their appointment, and recommend the
establishment of an "additional navy-yard on tho
old plan," will be clearly apparent by tho following
resolution, by which, beforo proceeding to business,
they limited and defined the scope of their duties:
"llesohcd, That after giving full consideration to
the objects for which they were appointed, as in-
dicated by the law, and inviting instructions from
the Department, considering tho views of the De-
partment as expressed in the lettersof the Secretary
of the Navy of March 25 and June 9, 1862, and
the discussions by Hon. Mr. Grimes, of the United
State Senate, and others in Congress, the wants
of the Navy and the country, and the circumstances
of the times connected with the progress in naval
warfare, the committee are of opinion that their
duty requires them to refer, in selecting a site for a
navy-yard, to a first-class establishment for iron-
clads and iron vessels, or to a site for laying the
foundation of an establishment meeting all tbe
requirements of an iron navy."
It is clear therefore, both from this resolution and
from an examination of the report itself, that the
commission had before them in their investigations
not as has been alleged ** an additional yard upon
the old plan," but the wants of an " iron navy," and
the selection of a proper site for its establishment.
This report, proceeding from officers of such un-
doubted character and eminence in their respective
professions, seemed to your committee to be entitled
to very great weight and consideration.
Nevertheless, the committee felt they would not
properly have discharged the duty assigned them, by
adopting the conclusions of any commission, however
competent, without a careful investigation and ex-
amination for themselves, both of the evidence and
arguments applicable to the subject.
The result of this examination has led the commit-
tee to the same conclusion reached by the board of
officers appointed by the Secretary of the Navy.
It will hardly be possible within the appropriate
limits of this report to give in detail all facts and
arguments upon which such conclusion is founded.
But a few of the leadingarguments will be alluded to
as applicable to tbe relative advantages and disad-
vantages of each of tho various sites examined; and
first as to— ,, „
LEAGUE ISLAND."
The committee entered upon an examination of
this site, prepared to find very many advantages
in its favor for the proposed establishment. Its
geographical position, its situation upon one of our
largest rivers, and the advantage claimed for it of
fresh water, its vicinity toalargooity, and tho skilled
labor obtainable therefrom, its proximity to the great
bods of iron and coal, for which Pennsylvania is
justly famous, with othor advantages, from the first
challenged the attention of the committee, and were
strongly pressed upon them during the examination
by the friends of this locality. Allowing these their
due weight, howover, so many and formidable ob-
jections were developed upon a thorough investi-
gation that the committee camo to tho conclusion
'* that tho public interests would not be promoted "
by its selection—many of the advantages claimcd for
it, upon examination, turning out to be quite as
applicable to other localities, and some of tho
objections seeming to your committee, from their
very nature and magnitude, insuporable.
League Island is situated at the confluence of the
Schuylkill and Delaware rivers, a few milos from
the settled portion of the city of Philadelphia^ and
about ono hundred miles from tho ocean. It is at
present siirrounded by a stone wall, backed by an
embankment of oarth, some ton or twelvefeet high,
which serves to exclude the waters of the river. The
whole surface of the island is from three to four leet
below tho surfaoe of the river at ordinary high water,
and but for the wall referred to would be under
water at each recurring tide.
Topography.—Tho soil isof the character generally
found in the bottom lands of alluvial rivers—soit
and spongy upon the surface, and gradually passing
through various formations until a stratum of sand
and gravel is reached. The borings of tbe " com-
mission" show a solid bed to be reached at an aver-
age depth of thirty-seven feet—lying on the old
island^t a depth of from twenty-five to thirty feet,
and on the now the depth of fifty-six feet. A recent
examination by a gentleman conneoted with the
Coast Survey reports results some what differing from
the borings of tho commission. But tho committee
cannot avoid the conclusion that tho entiro surface
of the island, or so much as may be deemed neces-
sary for naval purposes, must be filled anfl piled
before it can safely receive such heavy structures as
would be necessary for a first-class naval establish-
ment. And in this conclusion they are confirmed by
tho testimony before them that the embankment
and structures of the railroad in the vicinity upon
tbe main land have settled from ^ear to year, and
required constant repairing; and from the fact that
the foundations of Fort Delaware upon an island
not flowed by tho tide, and though resting upon
piles, settled in a few years to such an extent as to
render its lower tiers of port-holes useless.
The filling alone would involve an immense out-
lay, as tho adjacent shores aro on tho level of the
river, and in many eases below its surface; and
there would seem to be no other recourso than the
purchasing and transporting by boats of the neces-
sary material from tho opposite shores of New Jer-
sey, unless, as is claimed, tho mud and alluvium ex-
cavated for docks should bo used for that purpose—
an expedient that would seem to your committee not
only partial and inadequate, but very prejudicial to
the usefulness and health of the locality. This fill-
ing alone it has boen estimated by the engineer of
the Bureau of Yards and Docks would cost not Jess
than $1,000,000; and this statement is even exceeded
by that of Senator Riddio, of Delaware, himself an
experienced engineer, and conversant with the
locality, who estimated the expense at $10,000 per
acre, and without piling. If to this be added tho
expense of piling to secure solid foundations, an
expense evon more than that of filling, tho outlay
for preparation of site alono would probably be
very much greater than the completing of a first-
class navy-yard at New London. Theso difficulties
are forcibly stated by the Secretary of the Navy in
his annual report of 1862, in the following terms:
" The objections to it are its low alluvial soil, the
cost of raising it to a proper grade, the depth it will
be necessary to penetrate before reaching safe bot-
tom, and the expense of piling on which to erect
superstructures. These are weighty objections, and
it will require no inconsiderable expense to over-
come them."
In addition to this large outlay, it is the opinion
of competent engineers that the time requisite for
the completion at this locality of a yard such as is
contemplated would be from eight to ten years.
DISTANCE.
Another disadvantage is its distance from the
ocean. The object aimed'at is a yard for the repair
and construction of iron-clad vessels and laying
them up in ordinary when not in service. But ex-
perience has demonstrated that tho monitor and
iron-clad class of vessels, of all others, most need a
clear harbor and a wide and unobstructed channel.
Of all types of vessels they have the feeblest powers
of locomotion. They mind tho helm with difficulty,
and are least manageable in narrow sea room, or in
stress of weather. Their great bulk, their novel
construction, their absence of sails on which to rely,
and of space for the crew to work in, render them
peculiarly unmanageable except in plain sailing
and under favorable conditions. The committee do
not find that these conditions exist anywhere in the
Delaware river, and particularly not in tho vicinity
of League Island. It is nearly one hundred miles
from the ocean, up one of tbe most tortuous and
difficult streams to navigate in the United States.
An examination of the chart of th© Coast Baihney
shows tho channel everywhere narrow andintricate,
to bo in many places obstructed by bars and shoals
from tho capes to tho city of Philadelphia, -
Tho roport of the commission before referred to
states that " large areas of marshes are constantly
forming in the rivet and near tho island itself, while
the whole appeajranoe indicates a rapid accumula-
tion from the immense deposits of tho Delaware."
From thehydrographicicport of tho Coast Survey of
1861, it appears that "since the last survey there
have taken place marked changes in the eastern
channel abreast of the upper part of Camden, the
bar troia the upper end of Windmill Island having
formed almost to Cooper's Point. The shoal formerly
extending far below W indmill Island appears to have
been much cut away. Important additions to the
wharves are being made along the Philadelphia
front. * * * * The second portion of
the resurvey comprised the river between Red Bank
and Billingsport, including the bar and the ap-
proaches to Fort Mifflin. Changes have been devel-
oped in this vicinity. * * * * The third
Sortion of the river resurveyed was between New
as tie and Reedy Point, including the Bulkhead
shoal and the approaches to Fort Delaware. Part of
the shoal between Delaware City and Pea Patch
Island has been cut away, $nd Important changes
appear to have taken place m the island, The small
marshy patches known as Goose Islands have disap-
peared ; " in one case the ohannol having shifted
nearly two miles from its original bed, and taking
place of flats upon whioh there were formerly not
more than two feet of water,
Theso difficult!esin practice proved so formidable
that the iron-clads Sangamon, Patapsco, and Lehigh
were, within the pastyc&r, obliged to be towed to sea
from the prcsentyard, at nn expense of $250 per day
each,and were two days in getting to the mouth of tho
river—an expense of $500 tor the down trip of each
vessel lor the single item of towage alone, an item
which, in tho aggregate, would amount in aBingle
year to many thousand dollars.
DKFTH OP WATBfi.
Of a similar nature to the foregoing is the objec-
tion on account of the inadequate depth of water.
This is very obvious upon a careful examination of
the soundings, as indicated sby the charts prepared
by the Coast Survey. Opposite Hog Island, and just
below League Island, the channel is very narrow,
and shoals to a depth of but eighteen feet at its
deepest point at mean low tide. No vessel drawing
more than eighteen feet can pass this point without
waiting for a rise of tido. Near Cherry flats, and
opposite Wilmington, the channel draws but nine-
teen and a half feet. Below Neweastlo, and in the
neighborhood of the Pea Patch Islands, the channel
has shifted from the east to the west side of the
island, and in as many as three places shoals to
nineteen and a half feet. Twenty-five to thirty
miles bclowifewcastle it again shoals to. twenty-one
foot. The committee regard this as an elmest in-
superable objection to th© Delaware for a great
naval station. We have already more than ni&etcen
vcssols in our Navy which draw twenty feet of water
and over, and some of these are tbe finest and most
formidable in the American Navy; among them may
be mentioned the Minnesota. Eoanoke, Powhatan,
Niagara, Wabash. Colorado, Susquehanna, Puritan,
Dictator, and Dunderburg, of tho steamer class,
which draw from twenty to twenty-three feet of
•water, while some of the ships of the line draw from
twenty-three to twenty-five feet.
Wo are upon the threshold of a new era in naval
architecture. No one can tell what the exigencies
of the coming years may call for in the sise and
draught of naval vessels. The boasted iron-clads
of England, the Minotaur, the Agincourt; the
Northumberland, and the Black Warrior, draw
twenty-five feet six inches; the French La Gloire,
Normandy, and others, nearly twenty-six feet. And
these Powers are now deepening their docks and
constructing new ones for the purpose of receiving
vessels drawing twenty-six feet of water.
In this connection the statement of one of the
first naval constructors of the Government, Mr.
Delano, of the Brooklyn yard, was laid before us:
" That it was indispensable, to make any naval sta-
tion first class, to have a depth of at least twenty-
five feet of water at lew tide."
Your committee cannot believe it consistent with
a prudent regard to the future efficiency of the Navy
to establish for all time the great naval yard and
depot of the country at a i>oint to which vessels of
a greater draught than eighteen feet cannot get,
and from which they could not get to seaexeept in
certain stages of the tide. And the nation might
find reason to regret the acceptance of the # munifi-
cent gift" in case a fleet chased by a superior force
of the enemy should be unable to reaoh its rendez-
vous in the Delaware, or to put to sea from thence
at short notice when its presence might be neces-
sary at any other point threatened*
ICES.
In addition to the objections already considered
is the damage and obstruction to navigation occa-
sioned by ice, fast and floating, in the winter season,
which, according to statements submitted to the
committee, is a very formidable if not insuperable
objection to the Delawaic. The evidence upon this
pointeomcs from such a variety of sources and upon
authority so reliable that it can hardly be discred-
