3260
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
man, and he takes that position. He, more
than seven eighths white, agitates as a colored
individual! tLe claims everything for his race 1
Now, I submit to sensible men whether a man
who has seven eighths white blood and one
eighth colored upon a fair estimate, has many
rights as a colored individual—one to seven!
That is a class who are very much aggrieved
in Georgia and elsewhere, and they delude the
great mass of colored men by pei suading them
that by coming to Washington and having some
such legislation as tins proposed hero, mighty
good is lo come to the race everywhere I
i will do one partly colored man, and a man
ol" intelligence, the justice to say that I heard
him (and he is distinguished also in this Dis-
trict,) once deliver a lecture to colored men in
Georgia upon their assumption of fitness for
office, advising them to stand aside and not to
aspire for place, that the day had not come
when they were fitted for it, but to wait and
not presume loo much. The black man to
whom 1 first referred, (for he is a pure black,)
said to me the other day : •' Mr. Sumneii and
Fred. Douglass say i will join the Democratic
party; 1 know i will not; but they say so
because I will not yield my judgment on this
mixed school question; I never will yield;"
and I encouraged him to go on and to make
his influence lett, and it is a great influence in
this District, in behalf of the course he thought
proper to pursue. 1 know he is a firm man
and an intelligent man, and he is entitled to
the respect of everybody who knows him.
J merely mention this to show that, like
doctors, colored people may disagree. 1 hold
my witness to be quite as good a one as that
ol the Senator from Massachusetts, Mr. Fred.
Douglass, becauso he is about four times as
black. [Laughter.]
The V tOK PRESIDENT. The Senator's
time has expired.
Mr. IjOGAN. Mr. President, I do not
know that i can say what i desire in five
minutes; hut 1 am sure 1 can say as much as
is desirable to be heard at this late hour.
J believe, sir, that I am as good a friend to
the colored race as any gentleman in this
Senate Chamber, though 1 may not make so
luud professions as some. I am willing that a
colored man should have every i igliithat 1 have,
or I may say eveiy right that gentlemen have
in this ^enaUj Chamber wlio are of lighter
complexion than 1 am. [Laughter, j All the
rights that are guarantied to one I am willing
should bo guaiantied lo the other. 1 certainly
never, by any act of mine, would deprive the
colored people of any right, that I claimed for
myself. But we aio sometimes mistaken when
we undertake to do that which we believe to
be proper and right for individuals, for asso-
ciations, or for races; and we are sometimes
mistaken in the manner m which we under-
take to do it.
1 know my friend, 1 he Senator from Massa-
chusetts; will certainly believe me when 1 say
that i will not impute to him aiivthingbut the
best of motives. I believe that he is one of the
best friends the colored men have ; 1 am satis-
fied he thinks so ; and I believe they think so.
But he will pardon me if I say to him now that
the course of management of this bill is not
for the interest ot the colored people; that the
management of this bill is ui the interest of
nobody but its own certain defeat. We are
all mistaken sometimes in ihe modus operandi
which we may adopt for the purpose of biing-
ing about certain results. We are all deceived
at times. I can say to my friend, the Senator
fiom Massachusetts, that quite a number of
colored people in my State a short time agj
signed a call to indorse the Cincinnati move-
ment. i hey said in their resolutions that they
did it because they believed the Senator from
Massachusetts was their best friend, and they
were led by him in that direction. They were
deceived, because no man to-day knows
whether he sympathizes with that movement
or with the one which is to come off at Phila-
delphia. These colored people were deceived.
They believed he was going in a certain direc-
tion, when, in fact, they do not know to-day
whether he is or not. They believe he is their
friend to-day, and they believe it because of
this civil rights bill. They do not believe £
am their friend so much as they do that he is,
and yet no act of mine will defeat anything in
reference to their rights. But I believe the
action on the part of certain Senators here
will defeat what they believe are their rights.
Now for a moment let us examine the his-
tory of this affair. For several months this
bill has lain upon your table. There has not
been a time that it could not, have been passed
by a majority of this Senate if you would
take it up alone; and yet it has been kept, as
a lion in the pathway of an amnesty bill.
To-day the only issue made by a candidate
nominated for President with the Republican
party, having indorsed everything they have
done heretofore, is the question of amnesty ;
and to-day the Hepublican party can storm
and take the citadel of that organization with
one vote. But the bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts stands in the way of that action
on the part of the Senate.
The time has come when every one believes
it should be done ; but this bill is kept in the
way day after day, for what purpose ? For the
purpose of giving lights to the colored people
that, they have not? No, air, but lor the pur
pose of antagonizing a* bill that is before the
Senate, and that is the only purpose it has
performed here for mouths. And yet the col-
ored people have been calling meetings, calling
conventions, eulogizing my Iriond from Massa-
chusetts for his eneigy iu trying to obtain for
them rights which they have been made to be-
hove they do not enjoy! Therefoie, they believe
to-day that this attempt here is topass abiil for
them. Let them lie undeceived, it is, in my
judgment, to keep it before the country as an
exciting question upon which to make political
Capital, it performs no other office, and the
Iriends of this Administration to day, who con-
tinually antagonize this measure with the am-
nesty bill, although at heart and by intention
they arc the friends of amnesty, are at the
same time only kindling the tires in another
direction 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
time is out?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I am
very soiry to occupy live minutes of the lime
of the Senate, quite as sorry as the Senate is
possibly; but X wish to say as to political
platforms that the Cincinnati platform, si>
called, in respect to amnesty is merely stolen
Irotn the platform of the President of the
United States, who has been recommending
what, is called amnesty, or removal of disabil-
ities, to Congress session after session.
Therefore so much is stolen property, so that
1 do not think the people of the United States
will desert their President upon the ground
that a body of very respectable people and
so on at Cincinnati have chosen to adopt one
of bis doctrines. You might as well reject
St. Paul 011 the ground that the Gentiles
finally came to beheve in his preachings. So
much for that. Now for the oligarchy which
my friend from Missouri is so much fright-
ened at 
Mr. BLAIR. I am not frightened at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg my friend's par-
don ; I know he is not frightened at anything.
As to the oligarchy that my friend from Mis-
souri is so much displeased at, if you call it
an oligarchy, it is an oligarchy which for the
first time in human history has devoted itself
to the extension of human rights instead of
to the diminution of them, it has devoted
itself to making every citizen in this land equal
in rights. It lias not quite succeeded, I am
sorry to say, but I hope it will and I think it'
will. The idea of fear of a centralized gov-
ernment which onlydevot.es itself to securing
to the citizens in every State equal rights as
between themselves and the citizens of a com-
mon nationality is one that honest people are
not afraid of, and are. not greatly displeased at
when they come to understand it.
So much for oligarchies. Now, as to schools.
The simple question is just here : if color is a
distinction which is fit to be left to the States
and to the communities to decide upon as the
test of rights, absolutely equal and common
rights, then we ought not to interfere; we
ought to leave it to every State to say, and if
we do leave it to every State to say, then you
must leave it to every State to say whether
color shall be a test or not as to the right to
hold laud, as to the right to sue in a common
court, as to the right to travel in a common
car, to go upon a common highway, to vote at
a common ballot box, to meet at a common
assembly. There is no distinction that can be
made. If color is a test which you may sub-
mit as a distinctive mark between the rights
of citizens or the methods by which they are
to redress their rights, then it is universal;
and if you agree that it is, you have gone back
to the old slave doctrine, and that is just what
is the matter.
Mr. President, if color is a test so is race,
and therefore you must remit it to every com
munity to say that as between American citi-
zens the foreign born shall be taught in one
house by one teacher and the native born iu
another. You mustremitit. to the community
to «ay that the child of Catholic parents must
be taught in a separate school from the child
of Protestant parents, the child of Methodist
parents cannot be permitted to go to the school
where the Congregationalist sends his children
if the people in that particular community
according to their prejudices think that is a
l ight thing to do.
Now, Mr. President, the question is can you
stand that. You can go further, and say that
the child of no Republican shall be allowed
to go to the school where the Democratic
ehildren go, and vice versa. Why, Mr. Pres-
ident, the sense of all mankind would cry
shame at such a thing, and yet this is precisely
the same piinciple, unless you can maintain
that this old notion of race—because it is
really race and not color that this thing de-
pends upon--is one in which it is fit, under
the constitutional principles of a free country,
to base a distinction upon. The notion of
sex or age, which the Senator from Connecti-
cut alluded to, has nothing at all to do with the
question ; that depends upon questions of fit-
ness and decency, as to cleanliness and good
order and degree of education, and all that.
That is a test which everybody can under-
stand, and which you must leave to the local
jurisdiction ; but this is a matter of inherent
right, unless you adopt the slave dfictrine that
color and race are reasons for distinction
among citizens. My time is up.
Mr. BAYAliD. Mr. President, history but
repeats itself; and the course ofpower, whether
of the autocrat or of the oligarch, is marked
very much by the same features. They at
first are slow and stealthy, but as they gain
strength they become bold and rapid. And
here we have just heard from the lips of the
Senator from Vermont very much th© s&nie
arguments for governing this country as Louis
Napoleon used when he sought Jo liberalize
the institutions of France I He says, was
there ever seen a centralized power bent.upon
extending liberties! When, sir, were there
fairer words used in the interests of despotism
than when Louis Napoleon would have made
universal suffrage the law of France, and when
he put that nation through the mockery of the
forms of an election for the purpose simply
of consolidating all the reins of power in his
own hands? It is just that which this present
party governing this Senate and this country
are in my opinion seeking to do. It is, under
the guise of giving rights to one class, that
they are seeking to take into their hands the
reins of power over every class.
