572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
number of copies to each county can be read-
ily seen by placing the numbers side by side.
Now, I say that publishing these laws in pam-
phlet form is no publication at all. We bad
better strike out this item of S12,000 and
save that amount, if economy is the objcct of
this amendment, because these copics that are
so circulated are of no practical benefit,, except
perhaps to two dozen lawyers in each of the
congressional districts who could provide their
own copies of the Federal statutes themselves.
The object of this appropriation, which, as
has been well stated by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Palmer,] has stood on our stat-
ute-books for over half a century, is to en-
deavor, so far as we can, to promulge a knowl-
edge of our legislation among the people of the
country. It has made our statutes take effect
from their passage; and many of them, espe-
cially of late years, have been very important
in their effect upon the citizen. I allude to
those particularly which relate to our internal
taxation, our great industries of distillation,
of tobacco-growing, and manufactures, and the
general business operations of the country.
And I am not alone—all the members of this
House could relate a similar experience—in
referring to the case of my own constituents,
who have been led into a violation of the law
simply because they not only did not know it,
bat, even with all the facilities we gave them,
had not the means of knowing it. And now
it is proposed by this bill to cut off even the
means they have had.
Mr. PALMER. I rise to oppose pro forma
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Mayna.ro. ] I find that many mem-
bers are under the impression that the amend-
ment I have offered changes the present law
in regard to the selection of newspapers, and
that the Secretary of State is hereafter to select
them. That is not the case. The amendment
is a copy" of the law as it now stands for this
present fiscal year. The clerk of the House
selects the newspapers, but the Secretary of
State selects the laws to be published, and the
amendment simply provides an appropriation
for carrying out existing law.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Palmer.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask that it be
again reported.
The amendment was again read as follows:
Strike out lines three hundred and seventeen and
three hundredandeighteen, namely. "for publisti-
ing-Jhe laws in pamphlet form, $12,000," and insert
in lieu thereof tho following:: "for publishing tho
laws in pamphlet form, and in newspapers ot tho
States and Territories and in the city of Washing-
ton, $50,000: Provided, That hereafter no laws or
treaties shall be published in newspapers except
those which are of a general nature, which laws shall
be selected by the Secretary of State, and the same
shall be in all cases published without delay.'*
The question being put on the amendment,
there were—ayes 57, noes 85.
Mr. PALMER asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Palmer, and
Mr. Garfield of Ohio, were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 59, noes 78.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For proof-reading, and packing the laws and doc-
uments lor the various legations and consula tes, in-
eluding boxes and transportation of the same, $3,000;
for stationery, furniture, fixtures, and repairs, $5,000;
for books and maps, $2,500; for extra clerk hire and
copying, $4,000; for contingent expenses, namely,
rent, fuel, lights, repairs, and miscellaneous ex-
penses, $32,500; in ali, $47,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out that
clause, if we cut out one, I think we should
cut out the whole.
The question was taken on the amend-
Bient; and there were—ayes eighteen, noes
not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treasury,
$3,000 ; two Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury, at
§3,500 each; chief clerk, $2,200, and $300 additional
for outing as superintendent of the building; forty-
nine clerks of class four,additional compensation of
$200 to one clerk of class four as disbursing clerk,
thirty clerks of class three, twenty-six clerks of class
two, twenty seven clerks of class one; thirty-two
female clerks, at S900 each; eleven messengers, one
assistant messenger, and ten laborers; one clerk ot
class four and one clerk of class one, to assist the
chief clerkin superintendingthcbuilding: onecap-
tain of the watch, $1,400; one engineer, &1,400; one
machinist and gas-litter, $1,200; one storekeeper,
$1,400; sixty watchmen, at $720 each, and to two of
said watchmen, acting as lieutenants of watchmen,
$280 each, in addition; thirty laborers, at $720 each;
five firemen, at $000 each; ninety charwomen, at
$180 each; in all, §361,620.
Mr. GAUFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to offer
an amendment to that paragraph by adding to
it what was included in the bill of last year.
I move to insert at the end of line three hun-
dred and sixty-nine "and for additional com-
pensation to clerks in his office, $22,500.''
The amendment was agreed to.
message from the senate.
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson, one of its
clerks, informed the House that the Senate
had passed a bill (S. No. 2G5) to authorize the
payment of bounty to Ann McCarthy, and a
bill (S. No. 524) to correct a clerical error
in the enrollment of an act approved March
7, 1870, entitled "An act to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes."
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (H.
R, No. 1001) to authorize the payment of
duplicate checks to disbursing officers, with
amendments, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
The Clerk read as follows;
Commissioner of Customs:
For Commissioner of Customs, $3,000; chief clerk,
82,000; two clcrks of class four, six clerks of class
three, eight clerks of class two, five clerks of class
one; one messenger, and one laborer; in all,$3(5,960.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to offer
an amendment to that paragraph. I move to
strike out, in line four hundred, the word
"live," and insert "seven," and to insert
"$42,407" in lien of "ijj>36,960."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Fourth Auditor:
Forthe Fourth Auditor, $3,000; chief clerk, $2,000;
five clerks of class tour, eighteen clerks of class three,
twelve clerks of class two, eleven clerks of class
one; one messenger, one assistant messenger, three
laborers, and seven female clerks at $900 eaoh: in
all, $32,820.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations whether it is intended to fix the pay
of messengers, assistant messengers, and labor-
ers at $900 a year? If not, the paragraph
should be amended.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would say
that the pay of all these persons is fixed by
law. I do not think that, grammatically con-
sidered, the paragraph refers to all the officers.
It is in the same form in which it has been
passed at former sessions.
Mr. MAYNARD. The appropriation of
$900 seems to refer to the messengers, assist-
ant messengers, and three clerks. In order
to obviate all difficulty, I move to amend the
paragraph in line four hundred and twenty-
nine by inserting the words "seven female
clerks at $900 each," and by striking out those
words where they occur in lines four hundred
and thirty and four hundred and thirty-one.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to that transposition.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following :
Register of tho Treasury;
For compensation of the Register of the Treasury,
$3,000; assistant register, $2,000; chief clerk, 82,000;
cisht clerks of class four, twelve clerks of class three,
fifteen clerks of class two, ten clerks of class one,
one messenger, two assistant messengers, two labor-
ers, and eight copyists, at $900 each; in all, $84,520,
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by adding thereto the amend-
ment which I send to the Clerk's desk to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to pay to the Register of the
Treasury, out of the money appropriated to defray
the expenses of the loans, such compensation as he
may deem just and proper for the additional labor
performed by the said Register under the laws fund-
ing the public debt, not to exceed $1 25 per hundred
bonds signed by him under the authority of the yets
of July 14,1870, and January 20,1871, providing for
the refunding oi the public debt; and that the same
rate shall be allowed to said Register for the bonds
hereafter signed by him, provided that the whole
amount of compensation thus allowed him, in addi-
tion to the amount of salary now allowed by law,
shall not exceed $1,500.
Mr. DAWES. This amendment is intended
to make plain some doubtful construction ofthe
loan act. There always has been, until lately,
an additional compensation to the Register
of the Treasury for signing these bonds. In
1815, when United States bonds were first
issued, the Register of the Treasury was allowed
seventy-five cents for each hundred bonds
signed by him. In 1838, when bonds were
again issued, he was allowed $1 25 for each
•hundred bonds signed by bim. In 1841, he
was allowed the gross sum of sixteen hundred
and odd dollars for that purpose. During the
war the construction of all the loan acts by the
Secretary of the Treasury was that he was au-
thorized from the one per cent, which was set
aside to defraythe expenses oftheloan to make
an allowance to the Register of the Treasury
for this additional work, and he was allowed
$1,000 additional to his salary for this addi-
tional work. When the present Secretary of
the Treasury came into office, he had some
doubts whether it was a proper charge upon
the expenses of the loan. And the present
Registerof the Treasury, although doing a very
large amount of extra work, has been remitted
to his ordinary salary and deprived of this
additional compensation. We have authorized
a new loan, and it is possible that a further
loan maybe authorized for refunding the debt.
It is deemed proper that it be made clear that
the Secretary ofthe Treasury be authorized to
pay out of this fund a proper and reasonable
compensation for this very considerable addi-
tional labor, out of (he one half per cent, which
otherwise will go to syndicates and others.
Mr. NIBLACK. I think the proposition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] is a fair one, and should be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes seventy, noes not counted!
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
make a verbal change in this paragraph simi-
lar to one suggested a moment ago by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] I
propose to transpose the words "and eight
copyists at $900 each" from the position they
now occupy, and insert them after the words
" ten clerks of class one."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following :
Commissioner of Internal Revenue:
For Commissioner of Internal Revenue. $6,000;
deputy commissioner, $3,500; two deputy commis-
at ©3,000 each; seven heads of divisions, at
$2,500 each; thirty four clerks of class four, forty-
eiglit clerks of class three, fifty-two clcrks of class
two, twenty-eight clerks of class one; seventy-live
copyists, at 1000 each; seven messengers, three
assistant messengers, and fifteen laborers; in ail,
$363,740.
Por dies, paper, and for stamps, $4.00,000.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend the last
paragraph just read by striking out£ '$400,000,"
