4158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
mftridinar officer of the United States military forces
at Paducah, Kentucky, on the 26th day of March,
1S64. Itappears that this house was one of a consid-
erable -number destroyed for the purpose of giving
open range to the guns of a United States fort. On
the day preceding the destruction the houses had
been used as a cover for rebel troops attacking the
fort, and apprehending a renewal of the attack, the
eomm-atodutg. officer caused the destruction of the
houses. Tins, then, is a claim tor compensation on
account of the ravages of war. It cannot be denied
that the paym'ent of this claim would invite the
presentation of demands for very large sums of
money; and such is the supposed magnitude of the
claims that may be made against the Government
for necessary and unavoidable destruction of prop-
erty by the Army that I deem it proper to return
this bill for reconsideration.
It is a general principle of both international and
municipal taw that ail property is held subject, not
only to be taken by the Government for public uses,
in which case under the Constitution of the United
States the owner is entitled to just compensation,
but also subject to be temporarily occupied, or even
actually destroyed in times of great public danger,
and when the public safety demands it. and in this
latter case. Governments do not admit a le' al obli-
gation on their part to compensate the owr.ar. The
temporary occupation of, injuries to, and destruction
of property caused by actual and necessary military
operations, is generally considered to fall within the
last mentioned principle. If a Government makes
compensation under such circumstances, it is amat-
ter of bounty rather than of strict legal right.
If it be deemed proper to make compensation for
such losses; I suggest for the consideration of Con-
gress whether it would not be better, by general
legislation, to provide some means tbr the ascer-
tainment of the damage m all similar cases, and
thus save to claimants the expense, inconvenience,
and delay of attendance upon Congress, and, at the
same time, save the Government lrom the danger
of having imposed upon it fictitious or exaggerated
claim? supported wholly by ex pnrte proof. If the
claimant in this case ought to be paid, so ought all
others similarly situated, and that there are many
such cannot be doubted. Besides, there are strong
reasons for believing that the amount of damage in
this case has been greatly overestimated. It this
be true, it furnishes an illustration ot the danger of
trusting entirely to ex darte testimony in such mat-
ters.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, June 1, 1872.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, that message
takes me somewhat by surprise. I cannot pre-
tend that the bill which is relumed with that
message received theassent of the Senate with-
out full consideration. I think every Senator
will agree that that was no hasty legislation,
though it might have been unwise. Still there
is strong reason to believe that the Senate and
the Committee on Claims committed a mistake.
I would desire that the committee might have
an opportunity to reconsider that matter them-
selves before asking the vote of the Senate on
the subject. 1 therefore move that the bill be
recommitted, with the message of the Presi-
dent, to the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
tinder the Constitution is, '• Will the Senate on
reconsideration agree to the passage of this
bill, the objections of the President to the
contrary notwithstanding?" pending which the
Senator from Wisconsin moves that the mes-
sage be printed, and, with the bill, referred to
the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
final adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] is entilled to
the floor on the resolution relative to the ad-
journmentof this session, which is now before
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Delaware
very kindly declines makipg any speech in
Order that we may have unanimous consent to
proceed to vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
California 1
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator thinks he' will
save time. The amendment now pending is
an amendment'to the Senate resolution, fixing
Tuesday next. On Monday next there will
come another resolution from the House ex-
tending it to Wednesday probably, and we
shall consume all day Monday discussing that
question just as we have consumed all of
to-day, and there is nothing gamed. If any
amendment is adopted, it should be an amend-
ment putting the time so far off that every
Senator can see that we can compete the
necessary business by that time. I am not for
delaying this session at all; I am not for an
extra session. I am for getting through with
tiie business as soon as possible and then
adjourning. But here we are on Saturday in
the afternoon, almost night, at four o'clock,
with three appropriation bills before the Sen-
ate not acted upon by us; and under these
circumstances for us to agree to adjourn on
Tuesday next at four o'clock, when there is not
one Senator in this body but what knows it is
an impossibility——
Mr. COLE. The Senator misunderstood
the proposition. It is not to have unanimous
consent to adjourn at that particular time, but
to vote on the several propositions, the reso-
lution and amendments, without further dis-
cussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, if he would allow him to do so, that the
proposition is to cease debate, which would
not prevent the offering of amendments in
regard to any day.
Mr. CRAG-IN. I understood the proposi-
tion to be to request unanimous conseut that
a vote might, be taken on this amendment 
Mr. COLE. On the resolution and amend-
ments.
Mr. CRAGIN. I thought it was to vote on
this amendment and adopt, it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. If debate
is to continue, the Senator from Delaware is
entitled to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no objection to the suspension of debate;
but the proposition will be open to amend-
ment until action is finally taken.
Mr. POMEROY. I ouly want to say that
if we would take up the House resolution
and amend it and send it back they could
non concur, and we could get a committee of
conferences. But if we send a Senate resolu-
tion there, there is no non concurrence. I
want to get the subject in the hands of a com-
mittee of conference, and then we can agree
on a day of adjournment; but you cannot
get a committee of conference by sending a
Senate resolution there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatm- from
Vermont objected to the consideration of the
House resolution, and therefore the Senate
resolution is before the body. The vote is
now to be taken without further debate. The
first question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayakd] to strike
out the resolution rescinding the concurrent
resolution of adjournment, and to insert the
language of the proposition sent by the House
of Representatives, fixing Tuesday at five
o'clock for the final adjournment of.this ses-
sion.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I ask leave to make a
statement of a nature personal to an absent
Senator. I should have made this statement
at one o'clock, but the Senator from Califor-
nia [Mr. Cole] at that moment asked that the
appropriation bill lie aside. Therefore, I have
retained the note that I have in my hands for
a more convenient moment,
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Caiu'KXtkk] had the floor upon the appro-
priation bill; but before the hour of meeting
arrived I received a vote from him, the'par-
ticulars of which I need not state, informing me
that he was seriously and violently ill and had
been during the night, and was unable to come
to the Senate, to be here bodily, and of course
unable to address the Senate. He asked rne
to say this in explanation of the faqt that
having the floor he did not appear. He felt
that having been especially alluded .to as the
reputed author of the report he might be par-
doned for occupying some time in making
a response to what was said yesterday owing
to its relations to him personally, and he
intended to ask the indulgence of the Senate,
and would have done so but for the fact that
he was too ill to come.
I was also asked by the Senator from Wis-
consin to say that at a very early moment he
hopes for an opportunity, which will not im-
pede the public business, to reply, as he wishes
to, and as he is and was last night prepared to
do, fully to what was said.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 39 : as follows:
•YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston,
Kelly, Norwood, Saulsbury, Sehurz. bprague,
Stevenson, Stockton, Trumbull, and Vickers—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Conklins, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, leuy of
Connecticut, Perry of Michigan, Flanagan, Irehng-
buysen, Hamilton of Texas, Mill, Hitchcock, Howe,
Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson. Seotc,
Sherman, Spencer, Sumner, Tipton, West, Wilson,
and Windom—39. , ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Penton, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Lewis, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Kansom. Rice, Saw-
yer, Stewart, Thurman, and Wright—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs upon the resolution, which will be read
for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the resolution directing the
President of the Senate and Speaker ot the House
of Representatives to declare the respective Houses
adjourned without day on Monday the 3dof June, at
twelve o'clock meridian, be, and the came is hereby,
rescinded.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move as a substitute
for the resolution a proposition to adjourn on
Thursday, the 6th of June, at twelve o'clock
noon. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS, (in his seat.) I thought
we had unanimous consent to vote without
debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I heard the Senator from
Vermont talking. What did he say'?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said that I understood
we had unanimous consent to vote without
debate. I simply made that inquiry. I cer-
tainly have no right, whether we had or' not,
to object to my friend proceeding, and I do
not propose to do so.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was not aware of any
such arrangement or agreement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That arrange-
ment was made by unanimous consent. It was
stated from the Cliair two or three times, and
finally agreed to by unanimous consent, that
there should be no further debate, but that the
power to move amendments should be exer-
cised. This, however, is a unanimous consent
of the Senate which the Chair does not enforce;
it depends on Senators themselves to obey it.
Mr. CASSERLY. It was a unanimous con-
sent given.in my absence, and I will yield to
it just as much as if I were present. I state
that it took place in my absence, in order to
explain what would otherwise seem singular.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, to substitute a provision directing an
adjournment on Thursday at noon.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think these are rather
important questions, and I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas ana' nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Caldwell, Casserly, Cooper, Ferrv
of Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Hamilton ol Mary-
land, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Rice, Sauls-
bury, techara, Sprague. Stevenson, btockton, Tipton,
Irumbull, Vtekers. and Wmdoui—20,
X£3 ,,, sr,Sl Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Boreinan,
Chandler, Clayton, Cole.'Conkling, Corbett, Cragm,
Edmunds, Jerry of Michigan,.Flanagan, Frclinghuy-
sen, Hamilton of I ex as, Hitchcock, Kellogg, 3,1 or-
i> i° t, Morton, Nye. Osborn, Pomeroy,
t oot, i ratt, Ram-cy, Robertson, Scott, Spencer,
otewart Snmner. West, and Wilson—32,
. ABtoLN I—Messrs. Bayard,Blair.Brownlow,Buck-
ingham Cameron, Carpenter, Davis of Kentucky,
l>avis of W est Virginia, I'enton, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Harlan, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Pat-
