1468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
The indorsement of the Department o  this letter
was as follows, namely:
Headquarters Corps of JGnsineers,
Washington, November 2,1867.
Respectfully referred to the board of engineers for
the Pacific eoast for report as to what portions of the
island are required for defense.
The general project of the defenses of the island
should oe considered by the board, so as to determine
the traoes and references of the crests of the batte-
ries, and the ground that will be required by the mili-
tary establishments of the island,. There will then
be indicated whatpaay remain available for railroad
and commercial purposes, and what restrictions the
defensive uses exact in respect of them. -
The board having carefully examined the island
and the adjacent channels, has the honor to submit
the following report; .
The great importance of Yerba Buena island, it
occupied in time of war with heavy long-range guns,
as securing the water front of the city of San Fran-
cisco from occupation by a hostile fleet, should such
be found in the harbor on the declaration of war, or
should it succeed in entering the bay either by force,
by stratagem, by surprise, in a dense fog, in the
darkness of night, has been acknowledged by all our
engineers who have considered the subject.
The island will cover by its fire the entire water
front of the present city of San Francisco, and it is
the last point from which the anchorage in front of
the city can be defendeB,
Remove this island, and there will be nothing but
a naval force to prevent an enemy's fleet, or even a
single man-of-war, if the outer batteries should
prove insufficient to prevent his entrance into the
bay, from taking position in front of tho city, beyond
effective range of Alcatraz island,and either destroy-
ing it or levying such contributions as oopidity may
dictate.
If the Government fails to properly occupy the
island on tho approach of war, or if it permits such
structures to be erected along tho water Croat of tho
island as will obstruct or otherwise nullify the lire
of its batteries, the same result will follow.
Doubtless there are persons who attach more in-
portance to this island for railroad and commercial
uses than they do for military purposes, and those
who are interested in securing it for purposes of pri-
vate gain may argue that tho defense of tho city
front may safely bo left to the Navy alono, unaided
by land batteries.
As such a doctrine would render our Navy passive
in time of war, confining it to home duly, and othcr-
wiseviolatethewell-establisbed prmciplesof harbor
defense, this board may safely leave its confutation,
should it ever be publicly advanced, to tho Depart-
ment.
We start, therefore, with the idea that this island
is absolutely necessary for the protootion of the city
front: tbat batteries should be eroded upon it and
armed with our heaviest guns, which should control
by their fire all the anchorages within raimo from
whence an enemy might injure tho city or otherwise
cripplo Itsdefense. Wo m;iy add, too, that this island
has a prospective value of great importance to tho
defense of the city.
It is tho last point from which a defense can bo
made, and on account of its location and tho ease
with which it may bo defended it wiJl bo the most
secure position in the harbor. It will probably,
therefore, be occupied in time of war for ordnance
purposes; have an arsenal, with all tho noccssary
establishments for the storage and safe-keeping of
artillery, ammunition, and small-arms.
When the board first entered upon the investiga-
tion of this subject some of its members were dis-
posed to think that all these things might bo pro-
vided tor; all necessary seourity given to the water
front, and yet :r portion of the northeastern end of
the island and the adjacent shoal toward tho north-
west might be given up to commercial purposes.
But as the investigation has proceeded this opinion
has changed, and all the members of tho board now
present are of the opinion tbat no portion of the
island or of the adjacent shoal should pa-s out of the
control of tho Government.
Heeapitulation.
This board is of tha opinion that no portion of
Yerba Baetia island, or of the adjacent shoal, can
safely be given up lor railroad or commercial pur-
poses,
AU of which is respectfully submitted.
GKOROIS H. ELLIOT,
Major of Engineers.
G. H. WENDELL,
Major Engineers, Brevet Colonel U. x. Army,
B. S. ALEXANDER,
Hrevet Brigadier General, U.S.A.,
President of hoard of Engineers.
Chakles W. Raymond,
Coplam of Engineers, Recorder of Board.
" This board is of opinion that no portion of Yerba
Buena inland, or the adjacent shoal, can bo safely
given up for railroad or commercial purposes."
"No portion" of it can be used for this
purpose. Yet the friends of this bill would
undertake to make us believe that one half
of it can be given up for railroad purposes.
The Army engineers, upon whom we should
rely, say that no portion of this island should
be given op. Now I ask the honorable chair-
man of this committee why, instead of taking
his own judgment, instead of taking unofficial
statements made to him' by others, he did not
submit an inquiry to the War Department to
ascertain its view ujion this highly important
subject? Does the honorable chairman think
it quite reasonable for us, in direct antagonism
to. this report, to mak§ a present of one half
of this island to a corporation worth over fifty
million dollars 1 If we can part with it at all,
ought we nqt to exact reasonable pay for prop-
erty so valuable ? Writing from San Francisco
four years ago, here is what the engineers say
of its value:
" This island is regarded in this city as a very val-
uable piece of property. If the public mind could
be disabused of the idea that it may be obtained
for railroad and commercial purposes by an act of
Congress, and if the Government were disposed to
sell the island, and were to put it up at auction to be
sold to the highest bidder, it would probably bring
$5,000,000."
Strange to say, sir, this grant is asked for
in the name of commerce. Happily, how-
ever, we have official evidence as to what the
effect would be upon commerce should this pro-
ject be carried out. The report of the Super-
intendent of the Coast Survey can be found on
the same page of the Globe just referred to.
In that report the able Professor Pcirce says
it will never do to permit this corporation to
construct a viaduct from Oakland to this island ;
that it will injure the commerce of San Fran-
cisco. And any injury to the commerce of
San Francisco is an injury to the commerce of
the whole country. Tlie only official docu-
ments, therefore, which we have on this sub-
ject protest, both for military and commercial
reasons, against what is here proposed. The
Superintendent of the Coast Survey and the
board of Army engineers protest against giving
any portion of this island to a railroad corpor-
ation.
But, sir, it is said that this island cannot be
held for homesteads under the homestead act.
Agreed; but there are other purposes to wbich
the property of the Government can be ap-
plied. If this proposed grant is worth $2,500,-
000, then let this rich railroad corporation pay
for it if we choose to part with it. If gentle-
men do.not wish to put this money in the Uni-
ted Slates Treasury, if we are so rich that
$2,o00,000 are of no consequence,, then let the
proceeds of this property be donated to the
puiposes of education. 1'he suggestion that
the gentleman from Indiana makes, that we
cannot plant our objection to this bill upon
thehomestoad act, has no applicability, because
we want the money which this grant is worth,
either to replenish the Treasury or to promote
the cause of education.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG. In the time that I have
not agreed to give to other members I shall
have opportunity only to allude to a few of
the reasons which have brought a majority of
the Committee on the Pacific llailroad to the
conclusion that Congress ought to pass this
bill. So far as the remarks of my colleague
[Mr. Stuoxg] are concerned, I am sorry that
he has not seen proper to confine himsell
during his ten minutes more to the question
before the House. So far as is concerned the
legislation by which the continent was spanned
by a railroad, so far as his complaints are con-
cerned that too large an amount of bonds and
lands were granted for this great national high-
way, the railroad companies simply followed
the legislation of Congress, upon the good faith
of which these companies have built their
roads. It is not for this House, at this day,
after Congress has passed a law saying to these
corporations, 11 You may have so many bonds
per mile, and so many acres of land per mile,
if you will construct a national highway to the
Pacific," which the best interests of the coun-
try were supposed to demand, to find fault
with the provisions of law upon the faith of
which they have built these roads, unless we
propose to repudiate the contract and violate
the good faith of the Government by the re-
peal of those provisions. The Union Pacific
Railroad Company, however, and all the east-
ern branches, which together have_ received
the greater part of the fifty-five millions of
bonds and the land grants, have nothing to
do with this question, and no interest in it
whatever, any more than the connecting lines
of railroad this side of the Missouri and the
Mississippi rivers.
The immediate points in this case,,to which
I shall call the attention of the House, as they
appeared to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad are three. One of them is this: can
the half of this island be given to the use of
this railroad company without prejudice to
this Government for the purpose for which
this island has been retained in its grant of
lands to the city of San Francisco ; another,
the commercial necessities and advantages of
this island for a depot; a third, is there any
value to this island which this company ought
to pay for more than the $3,000,000 which
the engineers of the company find it will re-
quire for them to reach the island with their
railway, to blast down the rocks, lo build their
depots, construct their wharves, and complete
the work?
What is this island ? It is simply one hun-
dred and twenty acres of rock in the harbor of
San Francisco, lying two miles above the
wharves of tlic city. In the last Congress it
was compared with Governor's Island in New
York harbor. Sir, it is not like that island in
its location, as every gentleman who has vis-
ited that coast knows, if you had the south
end of the palisades of the Hudson lying in
the middle of a river eight miles wide where
the Hudson now is. and two miles above the
wharves on the North river side of New York,
with three or four miles of shoal water, and with
a narrow channel not over half a mile wide on
the east side and three or four miles width
of deep water where all the commerce goes on
the west side, you would have a similar loca-
tion in respect to New York city that Goat
Island has in respect to the city of San Fran-
cisco. It is two miles from the city, and for all
purposes, except for defenses, it is absolutely
valueless, as I shall eudeavor to show when I
come to that branch of the subject. It is val-
uable for fortifications when an enemy is
once up at the city, though San Francisco
would be iu ashes before guns from Goat
Island could reach an enemy's vessels of war;
arid the western end of it, that facing toward
San Francisco, that facing toward the harbor,
facing toward the Golden Gate and the forti-
cations that protect it, is the very part this
railroad company does not want, and which
the Government does want for its fortifica-
tions. It is, as the chart of the coast survey
shows, a high rock, portions of it being over
three hundred feet high. At the other end
there is a lower portion, sheltered from the
floods and the tides and the high winds that
sweep in through the narrow entrance to the
harbor; and there vessels can lie. The object
of this bill, and its only object, is not to benefit
the Union Pacific railroad; for they have
nothing to do with it any more than the New
York Central or the Pennsylvania Central. It
is not to benefit the Central Pacific as much as
it is to benefit the commerce of the country
and the eastern world that is opening to us
through the golden gates of the Pacific.
Why, sir, in the transportation of the com-
merce crossing the Pacific ocean, which has
just begun to be developed, there is now a
gap of two or three miles. All the cargoes
of your Pacific steamers have to be transferred
and lightered across to the point where this
company has built trestle-work out into tho
shoal water opposite the island. This com-
pany has already built such a structure some
two miles long over the shoal water into the
harbor; and all goods brought there have to
be lightered across and placed upon this open
pile-work. Gentlemen who have visited Cali-
fornia know very well that during six or eight
months in the year there is not a drop of rain;
