1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1469
at such seasons everything is so dry that a
spark from a locomotive might at any time
destroy millions of dollars' worth of property.
The valuable goods which now require to be
transshipped cannot be protected unless the
railroad company can have some means of
coming upon this island and building suitable
depots to protect the goods from fire, Or, if
the railroad company be permitted to occupy
the island, they can transfer their goods directly
from the deck of the ships to the rail cars,
and the expense of transshipment (at least two
dollars a ton) can be saved. That will be so
much saved for commerce, not for the Pacific
Railroad Company. Hence, this is a measure
for the interest of no particular section. It is
for the interest of St. Louis, of Chicago, of
Iowa, of Illinois, of New York, and the whole
country; and competing lines for the com-
merce of that country, that will be completed
under charters already granted, will forever
compel this corporation to bring its freights
at as low a rate as possible.
Why, sir, it was testified before one of your
committees only last Saturday, by a member
of an important firm in New Haven, Connec-
ticut, where the harbor has just been improved
to some extent, that they had actually, within
the last season, brought a cargo from Liver-
pool to New Haven, nearly eighty miles east
of New York, transferred it to the cars, sent
it to St. Louis, and sold it cheaper than they
could have done by importing it directly to
New York and transshipping it at New York,
because of the expense saved by avoiding that
transshipment. Commerce demands thata ves-
sel's cargo shall be transferred directly from
its deck to the rail car, wherever it is practi-
cable.
Now, there is another objection to this meas-
ure: that it will injure the harbor. This objec-
tion was urged here by the distinguished gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Baxks,] that
the harbor would be destroyed. Why, sir, if
any gentleman will look at. the charts of the
coast survey he will find that the main part of
the channel is 011 the other side of this rock ;
and every member familiar with that harbor
knows that there is no commerce whatever on
the side towards the railroad. There are more
than three miles of deep water, for there are two
channels, one the other side of Angel Island,
while there is scarcely half a mile on the side
toward the shoal where vessels can go, and in
fact they never do go there. There is room in
that harbor on the other side of this rock for
the navies and the commerce of the world, and
they will ride on that side of the rock whether
you let this railroad extend there or not.
There is no earthly use in making the claim
here, with the Representatives from California,
or those who have seen that coast, that this will
be an injury to the harbor. I may say 111 pass-
ing that this whole report of Professor Peirce
was made on the assumption that the channel
would be blocked up so as to interfere with the
flow of the tide. As has been explained by the
chairman of the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, [Mr. Wheeler,] the bill is carefully
guarded in that respect, as well as in all other
respects; and this road is to be built upon
open trestle-work so as not to interfere with
the flow of the tide there in any respect what-
ever. But my friend says that the report
presented by Mr. Washburn, who was then a
member from the State of Wisconsin, in his
speech last Congress, is to govern our action
011 this bill; and he stated in his speech that
he did not care whether it would interfere with
the flow of the water or not.
*1 have said all, perhaps, it is necessary to
say in regard to the interests of commerce.
We claim it is the duty of the General Govern-
ment to provide some means for this immense
commerce, for the commerce which is already
opened promises in the future to become im-
mense, not only initsextetit, but its importance.
We say it is the duty of the Government to re-
move that obstruction. Every one will concede
if there were a bar across the entrance to the
bay of San Francisco which would require an
expense of $3,000,000 to remove, it would be
the duty of Congress to make an appropriation
for its removal. This railroad company pro-
pose for the simple use of one half of this
island to remove that obstruction. Gentle-
men say, " Beside all that the company should
be made to pay for the island," and that is fair,
unless the company is paying enough by the
terms of this bill. The engineers have proved
that the company will already have to pay
$3,000,000. This railroad company will have
to pay at least that sum to build the road, and
it is all, they say, they can afford to pay, and
all that they will pay. If the obstruction be
not removed under the bill by this railroad
company, it is as much of an obstruction to
commerce as a bar in the harbor would be ;
and in the latter case, as I have said, we ought
to make an appropriation out of the Treasury
to remove the obstruction.
Mr. MeNEELY rose.
Mr. KELLOGG. I decline to yield. My
colleague on the committee from Ohio [llr.
McKikneyJ when he offered his amendment
proposed that the company should pay a rental
ot $50,000 per annum for the use of one half
of this island. The amendment is now pend-
ing before the House fixing the rental for one
half of this island at $50,000. When the
amendment was first spoken of it was pro-
posed that the rent should be $20,000, then it
was increased to $'25,000; and when it was
offered yesterday it was $50,000, and before
the gentleman got through with his speech he
ran the rent up to $100,000. This shows how
little this House is fitted to make an appraisal
of value or damages. The value of the island
has beeu fixed at $1,000,000 by some, and
by others at $2,000,000; and it has been run
up as high as $5,000,000. My associate 011
the committee [Mr. McKinxkyJ alluded to
the speech made by Mr. Washburn, of Wis-
consin, when he said that he would give
$1,000,000 for it. Those who were here at
the time will remember that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] rose in his seat
and said he would give $2,000,000 for it. A
member from Ohio in the last House, as gen-
tlemen will remember, (Mr. Mungen,) said
in his own classical way that if they would
give him ten hours he would go $000,000 bet-
ter. All must know that all these remarks
were made in the way of banter, and with 110
idea of getting the elephant; and if the gen-
tlemen who made those offers had been called
upon to fulfill them, they would have doubtless
shielded themselves when they got outside of
the House by pleading the rule that mem-
bers cannot be held responsible elsewhere for
any words spoken in debate upon this floor.
[Laughter.]
So, too, in regard to any offers made in
California. Mr. Axtell, who was a member
upon this floor from the State of California,
told us that no offer was ever made to the
Government for the purchase of this island.
The Government does not wish to sell it. It
is perfectly useless for any other purpose than
that to which this bill proposes to apply it,
and for purposes of defense. No bona fide
offer was ever made for it, in Congress or out
of Congress. This is not a land grant, and it
has nothing to do with a land grant. My col-
league, m his zeal against land grants, over-
shoots his mark in classing this as a land
grant. Our records are, and probably will be,
well enough in reference to the land grants
proposed in this Congress, without straining a
point or perverting the facts to make a land
grant where there is none. No right of home-
stead and 110 right of entry to an acre of
land can be involved in this bill.
I do not look upon this as a laud grant in
any sense. I look upon it as the duty of the
Government to made this connection. The
Government has already expended, as the
opponents of the bill say, some fifty-five mil-
lion dollars in the way of Government bonds
in building this railroad. That was for all the
Pacific railroads and branches. It is not only
of interest to the Government, but of vast ben-
efit to the whole people of the country, that
now this road has been built, and this money
invested for this national highway, it should
be made available to the Government and to
the people to its fullest extent.
I have alluded to what Professor Peirce te-
ported. I will now allude to the report of the
engineers to which nay colleague has referred.
If the gentleman will listen to me a moment,
I will state to him and the House how that
report was made. It was not a report made in
opposition to this grant. It was not a report
made in opposition to any application of the
-Central Pacific railroad. A little local rail-
road only twenty-four and a half or twenty-five
and a half miles long, in 1807, asked for four
fifths of that island-without conditions. It was
a little railroad from Vallejo running down to
San Francisco only, without any national ob-
ject. They asked for four fifths of the island
without any conditions, and the engineers, as
they say themselves, without surveying the
island, without taking into consideration how
much could be used tor the fortification of the
island, sat down in a snug office in Sau Fran-
ciso and wrote out their report,
Well, now, the leading officers of the Army, a?
the chairman of the committee [Mr. Wheeler]
has well said, have all stated that it Would bo
better for the Government for purposes of de-
fense to have one half of that island occu-
picd by the railroad company, so that you
can get to your fortifications with your muni-
tions of war and supplies, and your men, in
case of any emergency. There are sixty acres
asked for by this company. They claim here
that it is worth $1,000,000, the half of it. That
would be $16,000 per acre for solid rock, or
$80,000 per acre if you call it $5,000,000, and
you might call it worth $100,000,000 with as
much reason as either. And 1 ask, of what
worth is it to us? You cannot build ware-
houses on it; no man would go there to live
or trade without a railroad to it 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Cannot goats
"be kept on it?
Mr. KELLOGG. I believe one man at-
tempted to keep goats on it, but I understand
that he had to bring most of his forage from
the mainland. There is not enough herbage
011 the whole island for the support of as many
as ten goats. I was saying that you cannot
put warehouses on it. You cannot use it for
commercial purposes any more than you can
build warehouses on the south end of the Pal-
isades of the Hudson, nor as well even, for
they are on the mainland.
I have now occupied all the time which I
desire to occupy in speaking of this bill. I
say that it is a bill that in my judgment ought
to pass this House, not, however, as a land
grant, because it is the policy of this House,
and it certainly is the policy of the committee,
of which I am a member, not to make any
more new land grants. 1 think there is a clear
distinction between this bill and a land-grant
bill. I thought there was a distinction between
the bill passed unanimously the other day, with-
out objection on either side of the House, on
the motion of the gentleman from Nevada,
[Mr. Kejouxl,] which simply extended the
time to the colleges for the getting of their
lands—that there was a distinction between a
bill extending the time and a bill making a
new grant. I think, too, there may be a dis-
tinction between a new grant, and extending
the time of an old one, in some other cases.
But this bill neither makes a new grant nor
extends an old one; it does not come within
the scope of either of those. 1 hold that it ia
the duty of this Congress to provide a highway
for the commerce which is now opened with
the eastern continent by means of this railroad
which has been completed; and to provide
that it may be carried on without obstruction,
