1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2365
entirely right, and I hope his amendment will
prevail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to that.
Mr. COLE. I believe all hands, then, agree
to the matter as it now stands. I hope we may-
get on with this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Scott
in the chair.) The Senator from Kentucky
suggests an amendment in the forty-ninth line,
to strike out the words " consul general" and
insert the word "interpreter." Is there any
objection to that amendment? [""None!"!
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not if the other ib
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection. The question now recurs
on the amendment of the committee in the
forty-seventh line, upon which a division was
demanded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the call for a
division now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment in the forty-
seventh line.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line one hundred and
fourteen, to insert the words," Canada East"
after " Windsor."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That merely describes the
place.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-three, after the word "Ven-
ice" to insert the words "Windsor, (Nova
Scotia,) " in the list of consulates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-four, to add, alter the word
'' Zanzibar,': the following:
And there shall be appointed a consul at "Windsor,
Nova Scotia, at an annual salary of $1,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that ought to be
"may" instead of "shall," because in all
these cases where we have made these sched-
ules we have not required the appointment of
consuls, but only provided that the executive
department may appoint, we fixing the salary.
It ought to be " may be appointed."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be modified as suggested by the
Senator from Vermont, unless objection be
made.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and thirty-three, to insert "and," after
the word "Japan;" and in line one hundred
and thirty-four, to strike out the words " and
Turkey," after the word " Siam;" so that the
clause will read:
For interpreter to tko consulates in China, Japan,
and Siam, including loss by exchange, $7,500.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That conforms to what
has already been done.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and forty-three to reduce the appropria-
tion " for stationery, book cases, arms of the
United States, seals, presses, and flags, and
payment of rent,, freight, possage, and miscel-
laneous expenses, including loss by exchange
thereon," from $65,000 to $60,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line one hundred and eighty-six to line one
hundred and eighty-nine, inclusive, in the fol-
lowing words:
The compensation of the chief clerk of the Depart-
ment of State shall be at the rate of $2,500 per
annum, beginning with the 1st day of July, 1871.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the Senate will
not agree to the amendment. I think we can
reach the object the Committee on Appropria-
tions desire by striking out "1871" and in-
serting " 1872," so as to let the salary begin
at the beginning of the next fiscal year and
not a year back. I think that was the chief
objection to this clause. Mr. Chew is well
known. He has been in the Department quite
thirty years, perhaps, has accustomed himself
to it; he has a large family; and I think any
one will admit that $2,500 is a very limited
salary for a gentleman of his experience and
accomplishments. If we strike out "1871"
and insert "1872," which I now propose to
do, I hope the Senate will concur in retaining
the clause.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment proposing to
strike out the clause as amended.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope it will not be
stricken out.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to go back to the
seventh page in lin e one hundred and forty-eight
where it declares that public documents shall
only be sent on a designation of the Secretary
ofState "by a writing to be recorded," which
is an altogether infelicitous and unusual phrase.
I propose to strike out the words " a writing"
and insert " an order," so that we shall know
what it means. I do not think the words " by
a writing " ever occurred in a statute before
in such a connection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend on page
3, by striking out lines fifty-one and fifty-two,
in these words:
For salary of the interpreter to the legation to
Japan, $2,500.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
For salary of the interpreter, and secretary of
legation at Japan, $2,500 each, $5,000.
I have consulted all the members of the
Committee on Appropriations, and I believe
none of them object to this amendment. I
will state that this is an important mission. I
understand from the minister, Mr. De Long,
that in the recommendation on the part of the
Department for a considerable reorganization
there this was included; but it is necessary in
order that it be carried out that there should
be an appropriation. There was a recommend-
ation embodying other things that went before
the House, and Mr. De Long represents that
it is very necessary. He says it is impossible
to get an interpreter and secretary of legation
that can perform both functions. There is no
person fit to be secretary of legation who can
act as interpreter, as I understand. The busi-
ness with Japan has accumulated very much.
I would state here that our missions to China
and Japan are the most important, perhaps,
of any we have now in our foreign relation?.
Commerce is growing up between us and those
nations, and it is important that it should be
attended to. I think this amendment would
facilitate the public business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The amend-
ment is incomplete and it will not accomplish
the object if the Senator wishes to establish a
new office. This does not authorize a secre-
tary of legation to be appointed.
Mr. STEWART. Let that he added, " and
the office of secretary of legation is hereby
established."
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to he read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Th« PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing order at the time this bill was taken up,
and which was informally passed over, the
resolution relating to the election of a Sen-
ator from North Carolina, is again before the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and sixteen minutes p. in.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 11, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
peck, van iiook and company.
Mr. ARTHUR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a concurrent resolution to correct an
error in engrossment.
The concurrent resolution, which was read,
provides that House bill No. 2031, for the
relief of Peek, Van Horn & Co., of Harrison
county, Kentucky, be corrected and enrolled
for Peck, Van Hook & Co., that being the
proper name and style of the firm for which
the relief is intended.
The concurrent resolution was passed.
order op business.
Mr. COBURN. The Committee on Military
Affairs will probably be called within a week.
I therefore ask that the several bills on the
Speaker's table, that properly belong to that
committee, be now taken up and referred.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, and Mr. GAR-
FIELD, of Ohio, called for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour will now begin
at nineteen minutes past twelve o'clock, and
reports from committees are in order.
indiana agricultural college.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on Agriculture, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that the same do pass, a bill
(H. R. No. 1898) to extend the time for pro-
viding a college under an act entitled "An act
donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
approved July 2, 1862, in the State of Indiana,
to March 1, 1873.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
time for providing a college for the benefit
of agriculture and the mechanic arts in the
State of Indiana shall be extended to the 1st
of March, 1873 ; and that the payment of the
proceeds of the sales of any lands or land
scrip shall not be required by the United States
unless a failure by the State to provide the
college shall have occurred after said date.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved- that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
southwestern, etc.immigration company.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely upon a bill (H. R.
No. 1143) to in corporate the Southwestern Land
and Immigration Company; and moved that
the committee be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the same be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
