•4158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois will not object if he hears it.
Mr. SCOTT. Let me make a statement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
hearing a statement; but I shall object to the
consideration of any bill that has not been
before a committee.
Mr. SCOTT. The statement is this: the
law passed in December jast permitted these
boats to run at the pressure fixed by that law,
but fixed a, limitation of six months in antici-
pation of the general law being passed in the
mean time. This bill now introduced is that
law striking out the limitation, which the Sec-
retary of the Treasury says ought to be struck
out and the bill ought to pass. It is the same
bill that was then considered in committee
except that the limitation of six months is
struck out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It makes the time in-
definite then.
Mr. SCOTT. Indefinite.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator object if I
continue the limitation ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall object to a bill
being acted on that has not been to a commit-
tee. 1 do not care what the statement is.
Mr. SCOTT. Then I wish to state that I
introduce this bill at the request of the steam-
boat interest of the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers. If this calamity comes on the com-
merce of that regiou the Senator from Illi-
nois will take the responsibility.
Mr. CAMERON. I insist on my right to
the floor, and I insist on my motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
allow me one moment. 1 want to add to the
statement made by his colleague that this
bill is one which the Treasury Department
approves of having examined it, and I want
to be counted as one of its friends as I have
been regarded as one of those objecting to
steamboat legislation. I have no doubt this
is right and ought to be done, and I know the
Department approves of an extension of the
present law.
_ Mr. CAMERON. I have no doubt it is
right; but the Senator from Illinois says he
will object.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator with-
diaw his motion for a moment?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then I suggest that the
time be extended two or three minutes for the
recess. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. THURMAN. I do hope the Senator
from Illinois will withdraw the objection.
Here is a bill that passed this Congress unan-
imously. The time was limited in order that
Congress might act on the general bill. No-
body pretends but that the exemption made
by this bill ought to be made. The Treasury
Department is in favor of it, and I tell the
Senator from Illinois that if his people suffer
because the coal trade of the Ohio this fall is
completely^ blocked by the law and by the
want of this very bill which the Senator from
Pennsylvania now proposes to introduce, the
responsibility will rest on him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am entirely willing
to take the responsibility, and I say to my
constituents I will not, as their represent-
ative, suffer bills to be introduced here and
passed without consideration. I am sent
here for that. The Senator from Ohio
wants me to take the responsibility, and I
take it.
Mr. CAMERON rose.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania insists on his motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
I he \ ICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the time of the afternoon session
will be extended fifteen minutes. The Chair
hears no objection, and it is extended to a
quarter to five o'clock.
a. r. boteler and john young brown.
Mr. STEVENSON. While .the doors are
being closed I ask the Senate to pass a little
House bill that will not take a minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be read, subject to
objection.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (H. R. No.
2939) to remove the political disabilities of the
persons therein named.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is enough. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot be considered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iwithdraw the objection
at the request of my friend from Kentucky.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the biil (H. R. No. 2939) to remove the
political disabilities of the persons therein
named. It proposes to remove all legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, by reason of participation in the late
rebellion, from Alexander R. Boteler, of West
Virginia, and John Young Brown, of Hender-
son, Kentucky.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdrew my objection
on the statement of my honorable friend
from Kentucky of his personal knowledge that
neither of these persons re'ally falls within the
existing condemnation.
Mr. S1EVENS0N. Mr. Brown I know
does not. Mr. Boteler 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not ask any explan-
ation. 1 have my friend's word for it. 1
merely state that in explanation of my not
objecting.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a tbird reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. CAMERON. While this bill is up I
wish to add a name. ["No!" l'No!"] !•
will not press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is, "Shallthe bill pass?" which requires a
two-thirds vote.
The bill was passed.
towing and i'reigiit boats.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to have the bill intro-
duced by me referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1184) relating to the limitation of steam pres-
sure on towing and freight boats on the Mis-
sissippi river and its tributaries was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
consul at santarem, brazil.
Mr. SPENCER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 837) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to regulate the diplomatic and
consular systems of the United States," ap-
proved August 18, 1856, to report it back with-
out ameudment, and to ask that it be put on
its passage. It is a very short bill, and there
will be no objection to it.
By unanimous consent,, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to amend schedule C of sec
tion three of an act entitled "An act to regu-
late the diplomatic and consular systems of
the United States," approved August 18, 1856,
so as to add to the consuls in Brazil a consul
at Santarem.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment,, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
H. G. AUKENY.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the Senate to take up
and pass House bill No. 2861, reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs, for the
relief of an Army officer.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2861) for the relief
of H. G. Aukeny, late captain fourth Iowa
infantry. It instructs the Secretary of War
to reimburse to 11. G. Aukeny, late captain
fourth Iowa infantry, the sum of $29'J 50, out
of any appropriation made, or hereafter to be
made, for the recruiting service of the United
States Army.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a tbird reading, read
the third time, and passed.
executive session.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the regular
order.
Mr. CAMERON. I have given way now
to everybody, and I must insist on the execu-
tive session.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I appeal to the Sena-
tor to allow me to pass a disability bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania declines to yield further.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the
consideration of executive business, and after
five minutes spent in executive session the
doors were reopened.
saraii s. stafford.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, and by unani-
mous consent, the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 1060) for the relief of Sarah S. Stafford
was resumed as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Sarah S. Staf-
ford, only daughter and surviving heir of
James Bayard Stafford, an officer in the Navy
during the revolutionary war, the aggregate
amount of the half pay of a lieutenant in the
Navy .while at sea, under the present laws of
Congress, for seven years.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to add the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That the amount hereby appropriated
shall not exceed the sum of §8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third tune.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill which is now
about passing was before the Senate some davs
ago, and a report was read giving a most
heartrending account of the sufferings endured
by persons who were captured by the British,
how badly they were treated when chained
together, how they suffered, and the hearts of
nearly all Senators, I presume, who heard the
terrible affliction that was visited upon those
persons who were really patriots and friends of
our country, when they were arrested in Eng-
land getting information for our benefit, were
touched. We were all touched by it; but the
misfortune about the thing is that the man
never was captured at all, and this was an
account of what would have happened to him
if he had been captured. This man was never
captured. The whole story was one as to the
afflictions that were visited upon those who
like him were in our service, and who, unlike
him, were unfortunate enough to fall into the
enemy's hands.
Mr. STOCKTON. I know that any bill at
this time of the session will be killed by mak-
ing a speech on it, and therefore Senators
may be perfectly sure, as I am very anxious
for the passage of the bill, that I will not
detain them two' minutes; but I wish to
answer the Senator from Illinois. I do not
think there is a Senator on this floor who
would so unwillingly do such a great act of
injustice as he has done now ; and he has done
it because really, in the hurry to take up this
bill, no one has taken pains to inform him
and other Senators about it.
The report did state what might have been
the fate which would have occurred to the
lady s father if he had been captured when he
was going under orders from our Congress to
give a message to a prisoner in the Tower of
London, who was one of our diplomatic rep-
resentatives. It was very important that he
should get a communication from Congress,
and .he did receive it through this officer. But
