574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Mr. MAYNARD. I will ask the gentleman
this question: has changing the law making
use ot' national banks as depositories tended to
increase or decrease the expense of the sub-
Treasury act of 1840 ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They have very
considerably increased, but of course the na-
tional banks cannot be used as depositories
where one of these sub-Treasuries is located.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The exact differ-
ence I do not know.
Mr. MAYNARD. These were established
to prevent what I may term a congestion of
the public funds at any particular points. I
hope the gentleman will give us some inform-
ation on the subject.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I move
to strike out the words "for additional clerks
under the act for the better organization of
the Treasury, at such rates as the Secretary of
the Treasury may deem just and reasonable,
$10,000." Mr. Chairman, I move to strike
out those lines in reference to a matter which
must soon como before the country. A few
days since the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who is at the
head of the Committee of Ways and Means,
made a statement to the country that the great
question which underlies the system of free trade
and protection was so sensitive he dare not
touch it but with the greatest deliberation. The
country was disappointed, not at the remarks
of the gentleman in that respect—because
there were certainly grave doubts as to tho
proper way in which these great burdens now
crushing out the life-blood of tho commercial
interests of tho country should be regulated—■
but that wo looked in vain for the gentleman
to suggest something upon whieli the country
can have no possible ground of difference, and
that, is in reference to this system of internal
taxation and corruption. 1 move that amend-
ment in consequence of the fact that, these
additional appropriations for the Secretary of
the Treasmy are demanded by the burdens
which grow out of that system.
Mr. GARKil'lLI), of Ohio. 1 suppose the
gentleman lias accomplished his purpose in
making the remarks lie has. So far as this
impropriation is concerned, it is precisely the
same we had last year for tho same purpose,
and I see no reason for striking it out at all.
On the subject, Lhe gentleman has discussed
1 have nothing to say at the present time.
When that matter comes up 1 shall be glad
to discuss it. As the gentleman has alluded
particularly to my friend i'ri m Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawks,j I yield to that gentleman the
rest of my time.
Mr. DAW US. I desire simply to say that
one object of the remarks 1 offered the other
day was to forestall and deprecate discussion,
and to suggest, to gentlemen participating in it
that it were better to be a little more reserved
until the time come when the committee
should present in definite form some measure
of relief, and if 1 succeeded in that, it is per
haps the lirst time that under similar circum
stances I succeeded in the object for which I
addressed the House.
I did not intend to indicate any particular
course, for two reasons. The lirst. was that no
particular course had been agreed upon, and
the next was because I did not think it an
opportune time. Now 1 shall have the aid of
my distinguished friend from New York [Mr.
To\v>,'ke.\i>] before a great while in the work
of relieving the country from the great bur-
dens under which it is growing, so far as the
public credit and the current expenses of the
Government will admit. That is the great
inquiry to which the Committee of Ways and
Means have addressed themselves since they
have had the matter before them. Where it
will be best to take off duties and where to
retain them is, as I said the other day, a grave
question; and I do not desire just as this time
to indicate any conviction or any particular
course. I think that the gentleman from New
York will be satisfied of the industry and fidel-
ity of the committee in this regard, if their
view should not entirely commend itself to
his judgment. At least I hope they will have
the benefit of his suggestions, and that they
will be able to meet all bis anticipations in
this regard, and that the expenses of collect-
ing the revenue, as well as the burdens of tax-
ation themselves, will be all lessened—how
far, I am of course unable to say at this time.
Mr. COX rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I with-
draw it.
Mr. COX. I renew it, not for the purpose
of engaging in general debate on this particu-
lar clause so much as to call the attention of
the gentlemen who have charge of our taxa-
tion to the very dilatory way in which Con-
gress has acted in throwing off the burdens
which the Government has placed upon the
people.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] tells this House that we ought to
proceed deliberately, as a matter of delicacy.
And they send every proposition to some
committee, where it hangs and hangs until
the people despair of relief. The other day
when the question of shipping came up here,
(and I do not propose to discuss that at any
length on this proposition, except so far as
to say what everybody here confesses,) I
remarked that the country was eager and
anxious that this most important matter
should be taken up- and disposed of in some
way ; for the House knows and the country
knows that there are parts of this country
which are aggrandizing themselves at the
expense of other parts.
It is no wonder that the gentlemen from
Maine became sensible at last ofthe catastro-
phe in their State. I hold in my hand a state-
ment from a Belfast paper, and from other
papers, which I shall ask to have incorporated
in my remarks, and which show that right
across the border wooden ships are being built
seventy per cent, cheaper than they can be
built in Maine. The day of wooden ships is
not gone altogether. The old industries of the,
great, State of Maine are paralyzed, not only in
ship-building, but in navigation also. Why,
roy friend from New York [Mr. Buooks] told
the House the other day the condition of our
navigation on the Pacific in a way that could
not tail to strike the attention of everybody, as
showing what could be done if we were just to
ourselves.
But what is the condition of our shipping on
the Atlantic ocean? There are one hundred
and forty steamers running on the Atlantic,
going across to Europe, and not one of them
under the American llag. Twenty million
dollars of net profit are made by men who
are foreigners, which might go into our coffers
and help to swell the industry of this country.
And yet Congress must be dilatory ; Congress
must handle this matter delicately. We are
not to have the $40,000,000 of gross profit or
tho $20,000,000 of net profit out of that great
foreign trade, because the committee must
wait and consider it. Why, we have had rov-
ing committees, the Committee on Commerce
and the Committee on the Revival of Shipping.
We all know that our shipping is crushed and
killed, and we know also the men who gain by
it, the timber men, the iron men, the copper
men, and the hemp men. The profit goes to
every one except to those who are engaged in
this industry.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman tell
us what the amountof our present tonnage is?
He says that our shipping interest is entirely
destroyed.
Mr. COX. I was speaking of the foreign
trade, not of the domestic and coastwise trade,
and the gentleman is so thoroughly well in-
formed that he can go to thy document-room
and find the elaborate statement of Mr. Young,
which will post him as to our shipping. Our
shipping has decreased thirty-three per cent.,
while the English increase within the same
time is thirty-seven per cent. I have in my
desk a statement from the Liverpool Journal
of Commerce, which I will append to my
remarks, to show that the building of ships,
wooden as well as iron, is passing to Eng-
land, and that England, as my colleague [Mr.
Brooks] said the other day, is monopolizing
the carrying trade of the ocean.
The following are the papers referred to by
Mr. Cox:
[From tho Belfast Republican.]
The Death-Line for Shipping.—In the prisons that
were extemporized lor union soldiers in the South
during the war, there was established a certain line,
encircling the whole camp, and commanded by the
guard with loaded arms. Any prisoner who crossed
that line was instantly shot. It was called the
"death-line." In imitation of that practice, the
Radical Congress has established a similar line for
the shipping interest of this country. It is the St.
Croix river that forms the boundary between the
State of Maine and New Brunswick. Beyond that
lino ships are built cheaply and well, shipa 'hat
prosper and make money. But let the business but
cross the line to the opposite shore, and it is struck
dead by the bullets of tariffs and taxes shot at it by
tho Radical officials who are on the watch. Their
aim is always deadly.
The Portland Press hist week published a state-
ment, taken from a paper of St. John, of the ship-
ping built at that port tho past year and that con-
tracted for the coining season. It is as follows:
" In 1871 twenty-seven thousand tons of shipping
were buik in St John harbor and its immediate
neighborhood. Of the vessels built four were steam-
ers, four were .ships, twenty-two were barks, and
twenty-two were schooners. Superior vessels have
been built and fully equipped for sea for thirty-five
dollars per ton, while many have been constructed
tor twenty-nine dollars per ton. The profit of the
business has been so great, that extensive prepara-
tions are making for an increase of tho business tho
present year. Tho Telegraph publishes a list of
thirty-three new vessels already contracted for in
the neighborhood of St. John and in Nova Scotia."
Let the people of Maine consider those facts. Here
is a city just across the border, with essentially the
same climate, the samo natural products of wood for
the construction of ships, but with less mechanical
ingenuity arid enterprise. But they enjoy the ad-
vantages of a government administered by men of
br.iins, who foster tho business for which they have
peculiar facilities. They have cheap iron, copper,
duck. hemp, chains, anchors, and ship stores. They
are exempted from the taxes that destroy the ship-.,
ping of Maine. What is the result? It is seen in
the exhibit which their local paper triumphantly
makes. St. John is a city not a great deal larger
than Belfast, and yet the past year she built fifty-
two vessels of all classes, at a cost per ton but little
over one half the cost at which the tariff and taxes
permit a vessel to bo built in Belfast.
ilow idle, too, to talk about iron ships! Of the
twenty-seven thousand tons thus built, not one ves-
sel was of iron, but all weie ofthe wood of the
country, just such as vessels would be builtof here.
If there i* a demand for wooden ships which enables
Sl John to build that amount, what should prevent
the towns ot Maine from building a proportionate
amount? What, except the congressional death-
line ofthe St. Croix?
The disadvantage at which American ships com-
pete for business was exemplified year before last in
tho shipping of several cargoes from England to this
port. In the summer of 1870 Captain Harriman, one
of the directors of the railroad, went to England
with authority to provide for shipping three cargoes
of railroad iron to this port. He was also to ship two
cargoes of salt on his own account. There were two
disengaged vessels belonging in this vicinity that
wouhlhavcbeenglad of thebusiness. One of them,
the ship C. B. llazeltme, Captain Gilkey, needed
repairs and toe other, tho bark American Lloyds,
Captain Park, belonged in Stockton, and the captain
desired to see Ins family and friends. But neither
of these vessels could afford to take the iron at the
ruling prices and procuie their repairs and outfits
at home at the enormous ruling prices, so they were
obliged to decline. The ship repaired at Liverpool
and went on a foreign voyage. The five cargoes
wore all brought in New Brunswick and Nova Scotia
vessels, which, after discharging, immediately went
home, where-they could make repairs and procure
outfits at reasonable rates.
Again, last summer, the ship C. W. White, owned
in this city, was at. Havre, needing overhauling. Her
owners wanted to take a cargo of salt, bring her
home, and have repairs made here. But such was
the enormous cost of all materials, and tho taxation
on the vessel, that they were compelled to have the
repairs made at Havre, and the vessel there reclas3ed
and fitted tor sea.
What do the carpenters, riggers, sail-makers, and
blacksmiths of Maine think of a state of things like
this? ts it possible to come to any other conclusion
than that their business is taken from them and
given directly to foreign mechanics by the Adminis-
tration policy? There is no need of this state of
things. It did not exist formerly, and there is no
