3262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
"by them except by the successful arts of the
agitator. It springs from the same spirit, that
gave the colored people the right of suffrage.
When the Senator from Massachusetts first
proclaimed on this floor the idea of manhood
suffrage, that the right to vote, the right to be
one ot' the governors of this country, was a
right inherent in man, a natural right, a civil
right, he proclaimed what was not true as a
principle of law. Ihe right to be a governor
of this country depends upon a man s intelli
gence, upon his ability. rlhe Republican party
when the war was over did not dream (and so
announced in their conventions) of giving the
right of suffrage immediately to four millions
of colored people, uneducated for that pur-
pose Why did they do it? What drove them
to it? Th^y were driven to it from party ne-
cessity. 1 hey were driven to it foi the pur
pose of keeping power. That is what drove
them to it, and they knew it was wrong 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time lias expired.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am very sorry; I was
about to make a good speech, and had gone
just far enough to begin. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Missomi to this timuudment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. BLAlU. 1 am paired with the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer.]
Mr. NYE. I am paired with llie Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz.] If he were
here he would vote "yea," and I should vote
u miy."
Mr. STOCKTON. I am paired with my
colleague. If he were present he would vote
"liay?* und I should vote uyea."
Mr. OSBOltN. The Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. SawyekJ requested me to say
that lit* had been suddenly called from the city
on account of illness in his family.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—^e s 23, n-ys 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Buyard, Boreman, Cas-
aorly, Coo|>ei, D.i vi* of West Virginia, Fun ton, Ferry
ot Connecticut. iJo Id til wait c. Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton ot 'JLYxus, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly,
Norwood, L'lall. 8. ulhbury, Spia^ae, btovon&on,
Tiumbull, Viekoix, and West--'23.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Ualdwoll, Cam-
eron, C.upeutor. Chandler, Clayton, CoukluiK. Cor-
bulL, Ci.igui, Edmunds Ferry tit Michigan, Mana-
gan, Gilbert, llamhn. Howe. Kellogg. Morrill ot
Vermont, Mot ton. Inborn, Pomeroy, Knm&uy,
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sumner, "Wilson, Win-
dow, and Wright—30. .
ABSENT —Mu>*is. Blair. Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cole, Davis ot Kentucky, Frelmghuysen, Har-
lan, Hill. bcwn , Lokiui, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Patterson. Pool. Hansom. Robertson, Sawyer,
Schur/., Stewart, Stockton, and Thurman—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr FKIvRY, of Connecticut. I send up an
amendment, to come in as an addiuonal sec-
tion, section six.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment as follows:
Sec.—. That all legal and political disabilities
imposed by the third section of the fourteenth arti-
cle ot amendments to the Constitution of the United
States on per.-ons therein mentioned, becmiso of
their having en^ag<-d m insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or given aid or coinlort to
the cut;tines thcieof, be, and the same arc hereby,
removed: Provided, That thL act bhall not apply
to, or in any way aliect or remove the disability of
any person included in eithei of the lo I lowing elates,
namely: first, members of the Congress ot the Uni-
ted States who withdrew therefiom and aided the
rebellion; second, officers ot the Army or Navy of
the United Stales who, being above the ago of twen-
ty-one years, lett said Army or Navy and aided the
rebellion.
Mr. MORTON. Is that offered as an amend-
ment to the substitute?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is as an
addition;*! section.
Mr. FERUY, of Connecticut. Icallforthe
yeas and nays.
The yt-a-t mid tiays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I can have the atten-
tion of my friend from Connecticut a moment,
I should like it on this amendment. It pro-
vides in the exceptions—
First, members of the Congress of the United States
who withdrew therefrom and aided the rebellion.
There are some who stayed here and acted as
spies, and did not in the technical sense with
draw, but took the people's money, and gave
information to the enemy, until the 4th of
March, 1861. If he will modify his amend-
ment—because I cannot move to amend it, it
being now in the second degree so that it
will read " members of the 'lhirty-Sixth Con-
gress" (which is the only Congress to which
this applies) "who aided the rebellion,
whether they-withdrew or whether they stayed,
I will vote for it.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. _ I prefer the
amendment as I offered it. It is the House
bill-
Mr. EDMUNDS. So I supposed from the
Senator's statement. I say that I shall vote
for it, much as I disbelieve in the notion ot
anything being deserved in the way of amnesty
by these people, and as much as I believe in
the impropriety as a matter of principle and
right of restoring this privilege to hold office to
these people, for the question may well be
asked:
" Is the vice president of tho rebel confederacy, is
his colleague, one ot the senators in the rebel con-
gress, to como here to legislate for the loyal people
ol thiscountry? Are the men who oigamzed a gov-
ernment that carried on a four years' war against
us. as the result of which this nation has had to
expend moro than three thousand million dollars,
and as a consequence of which moro than a quarter
of a million of patriotic heioes have laid down their
lives upon the battle-field and in Army hospitals—
aro those men to couie here to legislate for the loyal
people of this country ?"
These are not my arguments. They are the
arguments of my honorable friend from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbcu.] which I adopt. Now,
then, if we can exclude these men, 1 will go for
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. SCOTT. My attention was directed other-
wise, and I simply wish to make an inquiry
whether ihe amendment now pending is the
amnesty bill offered as an amendment to the
civil rights bill. Is that the form of the amend-
ment?
Mr. CONKLING. Let me answer the Sen-
ator. The amendment is just that, except that
the amendment consists not of the whole am-
nesty bill, but only of the first section of the
amnesty bill precisely as it came from the
House.
Mr. SCOTT. Then it is an offer to add to
the civil rights bill, which can be passed by a
majority, the amnesty bill which will require
two thirds.
Mr. President, I do not wish to take up any
time ; but having stated my views at more
length than I am in the habit of doing on such
questions, when this bill was before the Senate
hi-retofore, although lam in favor of an amnesty
bill I shall have to vote against adding it as
an amendment to this amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I am not troubled by
any such scruples as vex my friend. That
question was made once in the Senate, elabor-
ately argued, decided by the Chair, and the
decision of the Chair sustained by the Senate.
I think, therefore, we may consider that set-
tled as part of the law of this case. I would
like to inquire, Mr. President, supposing this
amendment prevails, whether the amendment
itself will be amendable afterward except by
addition ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not comprehend the question.
Mr. CONKLING. I will repeat it. Sup-
pose the amendment of the Senator from Con
iiecticut now pending shall be adopted, will it
be in order to amend it or alter it afterward
except by adding to it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not in Com-
mittee of the Whole; but when the amend-
ment comes into the Senate, then it will be in
order to concur with an amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I thought I was not mis-
taken about that; but I wanted to be sure of
I shall vote for the Senator's amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I avail myself of my
privilege merely to state that during the de-
bate awhile ago, when, as I understand, the
honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Ste-
venson] made some comments upon my posi-
tion of yesterday, I was absent, by order of
the Senate on a committee of conference on
the deficiency bill. I shall vote against this
amendment, because, as I then announced, I
desire to send this civil rights bill pure and
simple to the House of Representatives in
such form and in such way that a majority
of the House may, under the parliamentary
rule of the House, reach a vote upon it, and
then I shall vote for the amnesty bill. I
desire to see the two measures separated if
possible, and to see this civil rights bill sent
to the other House in such form that it may
be acted upon there, when it will entirely
relieve us from embarrassment as to the
amnesty bill, and an amnesty bill, I have no
doubt, will receive more than two thirds of
the votes of the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. Before I vote, I desire
to say that I shall vote for this amendment
only with a view of having it amended when
it comes into the Senate. If it is not amended
then, I shall vote against the whole affair.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, I shall vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut, but, whether adopted or not, shall
vote against the substitute offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, for several reasons,
the chief among which is the fact that the
features of the substitute already passed on
by the Senate are such as, if carried out, will
destroy the school system in the State which
I represent. In that State, as I stated awhile
ago, the questions of the public schools have
been passed upon, settled in a manner satis-
factory to both races. The question of the
education of the children of the country is one
paramount to that of amnesty. Amnesty will
come by and by; but a blow fatal to educa-
tion under a common-school system will con-
tinue. In the State of Mississippi the races
are so nearly divided that some compromise
was necessary to perpetuate the cause of edu-
cation. In the recent election in Mississippi
the majority for the Republican party in the
house of representatives was nine. Had we
lost the county of De Soto, which we carried
by the help of southern Republicans by one
hundred and fifty votes, the majority for the
Democrats would have been one. On a con-
test between the two parties in that State,
should the election be, by unwise legislation,
made to turn on mixed schools, there is no
doubt in my mind as to how the State would
go. That it would break down the school
system I very well know.
I am not here to be dictated to by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts; he fights the battles
of the colored people ftom afar off, at a sate
distance. I have fought their battles in a
hand-to-hand conflict. I hold my place he,re
under their authority. I speak by authority
when I say the colored people in that State
wish no such legislation as this. The white
people wish no such legislation, and I speak
lor them all. I was voted into my seat here
by the vote of every colored man in the Legis-
lature of my State, and by the vote, too, of
every white man in that Legislature. Demo-
crat and Republican, white and colored, all
voted for me. I repeat, I speak for both
races; I speak that their friendly lelations may
not be thus unwisely disturbed. I, sir, whose
childhood was nursed in the lap ot the negro,
who in his boyhood shared every playground,
with the negro, a coworker in his youth witii
