1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
It is not three years since the golden spike
■which marked the completion of that railroad
was driven, and the whole country rejoiced
that a railroad was finished which united us
with the western part of this continent. I say
that that commerce has yet scarcely begun to
develop itself. I say that that commerce will
increase in the future beyond the expecta-
tions of any of us who are here to-day. I say
that it will bring to this continent the wealth
of the Indies and the eastern continent. It
will carry to millions of men something better
than riches, better than merchandise or piles
of silver and gold. It will bring the best civ-
ilization of the nineteenth century to the peo-
ple of the two continents: and the interesting
event which has occurred in the House to-day,
the reception of an embassy representing a
people of thirty-five millions in number, is
one of the results of that policy, by which
we have spanned the continent by a railroad.
I say, then, that it is our duty, in the interests
of commerce and of friendly intercourse with
other nations, brought nearer to us by this new
highway of commerce, to remove all obstruc-
tions in our power that may lie in its way.
Mr. COX. As the floor does not seem to
be occupied, I wish to inquire of the Chair if
the amendment I offered yesterday is pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
that the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wheeler,] who had charge of the bill, declined
to admit it.
Mr. KELLOGG. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
desire to debate the general merits of this ques-
tion. I have done that in a former Congress,
and I have seen no occasion to change my
opinion. There has been one matter, how-
ever, brought to my attention, which I desire
to bring under the notice of the House. It is
that while we are granting away this island,
because it is a grant—for all that a man wants
of land in this world is a perpetual use of it
free of rent, and here is something better than
a grant, because holding the title of the United
States, and as nobody can sue the United
States, so nobody can ever take away the
right under the grant—I say that that being
the condition of things, there are a number
of men who have been before Congress now
for four or five years asking that some rem-
edy may be given them for their private rights.
They cannot sue the United States; they
cannot sue the military officers of the United
States; the military officers of the United
States cannot he driven out of any place by a
writ. Tliey cannot sue the agents of the Uni-
ted States, because you cannot do that indi-
rectly which you carmot do directly. One of
the claimants to this island brought suit in
the only place where he could bring it, in the
fifteenth district court of San Francisco, and
was non-suited on this very ground, that he
could not sue the agents of the United States
or the tenants of the United States.
J have therefore prepared an amendment to
which I understand the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad assents, and I
desire to have it pending. It is to add at the
end of section two the following:
Provided, That any claimant of an equitable or
legal title to any portion of .said island occupied by
said railroad company may bring his suit against
said company in the circuit court of tho United States
for the district of California, which shall have full
jurisdiction to entertain sueh suit.
1 have simply provided a forum. The bill
provides that tho rights of private property
shall not be infringed. My amendment simply
provides that the courts of the United States
shall have jurisdiction in case of any private
claimant who has any rights to this island;
and it is one of such manifest justice that my
friend the chairmau agrees to it, as his own
sense of justice shows him it to be right, and
that he always follows. I think there can be
no objection to the amendment oa the part of
any gentleman.
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts well knows that I have no
power to accept any amendment, and that two
are already pending, but for myself I have no
objection to his amendment.
The SPEAKER. It can be entertained by
unanimous consent-
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let the
amendment be read again at the Clerk's desk.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. PETERS. I suggest to the gentleman
that he add the words " with an appeal to the
United States Supreme Court by either party."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection at all to that amendment.
The SPEAKER Is there objection to the
amendment being considered as pending?
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. VOORHEES. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether in point
of fact his amendment goes any further than
the second section of the bill as it already
stands? That section of the bill as it now
stands provides that" nothing herein contained
shall destroy or impair any lawful or equitable
rights or claims of private parties, if such exist,
to the said island, or any part thereof."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My amend-
ment only goes so far as to provide a forum in
which suit may be brought.
Mr. VOORHEES. Well, I suppose that
this provision relates sufficiently to existing
tribunals to give them jurisdiction.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No ; it
does not.
Mr. PETERS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that he add to his
amendment that there shall be an appeal by
the United Statesif the case is decided against
them, a provision which has been inserted in
other bills of this character.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am con-
tent, and I will add the words that there shall
be an appeal by the United States.
Mr. KELLOGG. I resume the floor, and
yield five minutes to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Merctjr.]
Mr. MERCUR. Mr. Speaker, having voted
in the last Congress against a bill which pro-
posed to give the right to this island to this
railroad corporation, and having since that
time modified my views somewhat, I desire to
state briefly to the House some of the grounds
on which I based my position. In the first
place, the bill which is now under considera-
tion is materially changed from that which
was before the House during the last Con-
gress, so that the rights of the company are
somewhat circumscribed, and the powers of
the Government more distinctly secured.
In addition to that, since the last Congress
I have had a personal view of the island in
question, which has contributed toward a
modification of my opinion upon this subject.
The island contains about one hundred and
twenty-eight acres. It is not susceptible of
cultivation; it is composed of mountain and
rock, portions of it rising to an elevation of
about three hundred and fifty feet. Only a
very small portion of it is used or needed by
the Government of the United States. A few
old houses or barracks only are located upon
this island. Standing as it does it is of very
little value to the Government of the United
States; none at all in time of peace, and to be
attended with great expepse to make it of use
in time of war. Situate as it is, nearly upon a
line between Oakland, the present terminus
of the Central Pacific railroad and the city
of San Francisco, it would be of great use to
the public, of great use to commerce, to have
the road extended so near to the city of San
Francisco. It will, however, be attended with
very great expense in order to make it available.
This bill provides that in time of war the
Government may assert its control over this
property and take possession of it. In order
to make it of any use or of any value to the
Central Pacific Railroad Company they will
have to expend two or three million dollars.
Then, if war should come, this Government
will find that island in proper condition to
make it valuable to the Government. It will
then be accessible ; they can then immediately
take possession of it and of all the improve-
ments which the railroad company has made,
and make it available for actual use and benefit.
Now, so long as it remains in the sole and
exclusive use and occupation of this Govern-
ment it remains unimproved. In time of war
it would not only require a very large expendi-
ture of money, but it would require a long time
.to make it available or serviceable for any pur-
pose for which the Government might want it.
It appears to me, therefore, that the interests
of the Government will be subserved by the
passage of this bill, modified by some of the
proper amendments which are now pending
before the House. If it were in the interest
of the railroad company alone, or in their in-
terest chiefly or mainly, I should not be willing
to give my vote for the passage of this bill.
But I look upon it as for the interests of this
Government that the necessary improvements
should be made upon that island, so that when-
ever the contingency shall arise it may be made
valuable.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG. I nowyield to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Wheeler,] the
chairman of the committee.
Mr. WHEELER. There is a desire on the
part of the opponents ofthis bill to haveanother
hour for its discussion, which I most freely
accord. I said yesterday that the committee
challenged for this bill the closest scrutiny and
the fullest discussion. If its merits do not
warrant its passage, they do not expect it to
pass. I understand the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Garfield, of
Ohio] is anxious to move that the House go
into Committee of the Whole on the deficiency
appropriation bill.
Mr. COBURN. Before this discussion goes
on further, it is proper that the House shall
have before it the amendments which members
may desire to offer.
Mr. WHEELER. As I understand it, the
proposition now is that this bill shall go over
till to-morrow.
Mr. COBURN. Why not have all the
amendments before the House ?
Mr. STRONG. To be printed, so that we
can have them before us to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Itwill require unanimous
consent to have any additional amendments
offered, because there are now pending all the
amendments authorized by the rules.
Mr. WHEELER. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to move a substi-
tute for this bill.
Mr. SHANKS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. KILLINGER. I renew my suggestion
of yesterday, that all the amendments that gen-
tlemen desire to offer may be now presented
and printed for the information of the House.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to that to this
extent, that they shall not Be considered as
pending. I have no objection to their being
printed for information.
Mr. COBURN. Have I not a right to offer
a substitute for this bill?
The SPEAKER. Not until the pending
amendments have been disposed of. A sub-
stitute is nothing but an amendment; the only
difference is that amendments affecting the
substance of the bill must be first disposed *of.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I desire to offer an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is that
gentlemen may present the amendments which
they desire to offer, and that they shall be
printed for the information'of the House.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for this bill.
