2866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
TRANSPORTATION 01 ANIMALS,
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with amendments, a bill
(H. R. No. 694) to prevent cruelty to animals
■while in transit by railroad or other means of
transportation within the United States.
The bill was read.
The first section provides that no railroad
company within the United States whose
road forms any part of a line of road over
which cattle, sheep, swine, or other animals
shall be conveyed from one State to another,
or the owners or masters of steam, sailing,
or other vessels carrying or transporting cat-
tle, sheep, swine, or other animals from one
State to another, shall confine the same in
cars, boats, or vessels of any description,
for a longer period than twenty-eight consecu-
tive hours, without unloading the same for
rest, water, and feeding, for a period of at
least five consecutive hours, unless prevented
from so unloading by storm o  other acci-
dental causes. In estimating such confine-
ment the time during which the animals have
been confined without such rest on connecting
roads from which they are received shall be
included, it being the intent of this act to pro-
hibit their continuous confinement beyond the
period of twenty-eight hours, except upon con-
tingencies hereinbefore stated. Animals so
unloaded shall be properly fed and watered
during such rest by the owner or person hav-
ing the custody thereof, or, in case of his
default in so doing, then by the railroad com-
pany or owners or masters of boats or vessels
transporting the same, at the expense of the
owner or person in custody thereof; and the
company, owners, or masters shall in such
cases have a lien upon such animals for food,
care, and custody furnished, and shall not be
liable for any detention of such animals author-
ized by this act. Any company, owner, or
custodian of such animals who shall fail to
comply with the provisions of this act shall,
for each and every such offense, be liable for
and forfeit and pay a penalty of not less than
$100 nor more than $500; provided, however,
that when animals shall be carried in cars,
boats, or other vessels in which they can and
do have proper food, water, space, and oppor-
tunity for rest, the foregoing provisions in
jregard to their being unloaded shall not apply.
The second section provides that the penalty
created by the first section of this act shall be
recovered by civil action in the name of the
United States, in the circuit or district court
of the United States holden within the district
where the offense may have been committed,
or the person or corporation resides or carries
on its business ; and it shall be the duty of all
United States marshals, their deputies and
subordinates, to prosecute all violations of this
act which shall come to their notice or knowl-
edge.
The third section provides that any person
or corporation entitled to lien under the first
section of this act may enforce the same by a
petition filed in the district court of the Uni-
ted States holden within the district where the
food, care, and custody shall have been fur-
nished, or the owner or custodian of the prop-
erty resides ; and said court shall have power
to issue all suitable process for the enforce-
ment of such lien by sale or otherwise, and to
compel the payment of all costs, penalties,
charges, and expenses of proceedings under
this act.
The amendments were read; those in the
first section were to strike out the word " of-
fense," and to insert in lieu thereof the words
" failure to comply with the provisions of this
act;" also to insert the word "hundred,"
after the word '• one so that portion of the
section would read:
For each and every such failure to comply with
the provisions of this act, be liable for and forfeit
and pay a penalty of not less than $100 nor more
than $500.
The amendment to the second section was
to strike out " offense," and to insert in lieu
thereof "violation of this act."
Mr. CONGER. I desire to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I will say to the.
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,]
and to other gentlemen, that this bill has
been very carefully considered by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture. It has also been sub-
mitted to some of the best legal minds of the
country, who say that they find no objection
or fault whatever with it. I will hear the
amendment of the gentleman.
Mr. CONGER. I merely _ desire to move
a formal amendment, to strike out the last
word of section one, in order to make some
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I will yield to the
gentleman to do that, without moving any
amendment.
Mr. CONGER. If I understand the pro-
visions of this bill, it would prevent the
transportation of animals by ships, steamboats,
and vessels on our lakes for a period of time
exceeding twenty-eight _ hours, although the
ordinary voyage, even without storms or other
hinderance, might be longer than that. In
order to avoid the penalty prescribed by this
bill, the steamboat or other vessel would have
to unload the animals every twenty-eighthours,
and give them a rest of five hours on those
voyages. Now a voyage from Chicago to
Lake Superior, by vessels on which a large
number of animals of different kinds are trans-
ported, requires something like four days for
steamboats and six days for sailing vessels.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Allow me to say 
Mr. CONGER. A moment longer. There
is a great deal of transportation from Port
Huron, where I live, around the lakes to the
lumber regions, which would require more
than twenty-eight hours for the transportation
of working animals and animals for slaughter
to those legions as well as to Lake Superior;
they could not within forty-eight hours per-
form the voyage required. The effect of such
a bill as this without a proviso applicable to
such cases 
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. There is a proviso
of that kind.
Mr. CON GER. Let us hear it.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I ask the Clerk to
read that provision of the bill which excepts
boats, cars, or other means of transportation
having provision for watering live-stock at
sea.
Mr. CONGER. I do not see any provision
in the bill which meets such cases as those to
which I have referred.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, however, That when animals shall bo
carried m cars, boats, or other vessels in which they
can and do have proper food, water, space, and op-
portunity for rest, the foregoing provisions in regard
to their being unloaded shall not apply.
Mr. CONGER. That is satisfactory. I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. KERR. I desire .to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the committee reporting
this bill. I wish to know whether this is not
the same bill that was before us in the last
Congress, and was then defeated in this
House ?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. It is a bill which
passed this House at that time, but it now con-
tains some amendments designed to obviate
objections which were brought against the bill
then.
Mr. KERR. Did it pass the House last
year ?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. It did.
Mr. KERR. And it failed in the Senate?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Yes, sir; the bill
has been now somewhat amended to obviate
objections made by some gentlemen in the last
Congress.
Mr. KERR. I would like to have a few
minutes to speak upon the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. How much time
does the gentleman want ?
Mr. KERR. Five minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I yield to the gen-
tleman for five minutes.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I recognize this
bill as seeking to accomplish a somewhat im-
portant object which ought to be attained, if
attainable, by legislation; and if not attain-
able by legislation here, it ought to be else-
where attended to. The bill strikes me un-
favorably, because I doubt the power of Con-
gress to enact a law of this kind. I make no
objection to the purpose of the bill; but I
think it seeks to trench upon a field of juris-
diction which under our system of government
belongs of right to the respective States of this
Union, not to Congress. The tendency of our
legislation here in this day, and I think it a
most daDgerous tendency, is day after day,
and step after step, to confer upon the Fed-
eral courts new, untried, original jurisdic-
tion, by means of which the dockets of our
Federal courts all over the country are becom-
ing so incumbered and embarrassed that it is
almost impossible to secure in those tribunals
a proper attention to business. Then comes
a demand for an increase in the number of
courts, officers, and expenses. The natural
and reserved jurisdiction of the States is daily
subverted.
I think that the jurisdiction which this bill
proposes for the first time to confer on the
Federal courts i^ dangerous. It will be con-
ceded by every gentleman that it is new. I
think it is wrong in itself; that it invades
jurisdiction belonging of right to the respective
States of the Union, and that it is practicable
for the States to so regulate the transportation
of live stock as effectually to secure all the ends
sought by this bill.
Should such legislation as this be adopted,
a citizen of Indiana desiring to transport live
stock to the city of New York at once puts
himself, by the very attempt to engage in that
kind of business, beyond the protection of
the laws and tribunals of his own State and
within the jurisdiction of Federal laws and
Federal courts. He loses entirely his identi-
fication with the State of Indiana and be-
comes identified both for the protection and
the regulation of his business with another
jurisdiction, which is becoming too extensive
in consequence of the efforts day after day to
concentrate in the Federal courts those great
subjects of jurisdiction which pertain to the
daily business and current affairs of the peo-
ple all over the country. If we are ever to
return to local self-government and the res-
toration of the proper, necessary, and consti-
tutional powers of the States, it is high time
we should set our faces in that direction now;
but this bill looks to the perpetuation of all
the evils to which I refer.
Without speaking more in detail of the pro-
visions of this bill, I have now stated my gen-
eral objections to the bill. On a former occa-
sion I stated my objections more in detail,
and I have no desire to repeat them now.
But I will ask the attention of the House to
one judgment of the Supreme Court intended
to define the extent, scope, and purpose of
the grant to Congress of power to regulate
commerce among the several States. It is the
case of Veazie vs. Moor, (14 Howard's Reports,
page 573,) decided in 1852 by a unanimous
bench. I cite without further comment the
following extract:
"The phrase can never be applied to transactions
wholly internal between citizens of the same com-
munity, or to a polity and laws whose ends and pur-
poses and operations are restricted to the territory
and soil and jurisdiction of such community. Nor
can it be properly concluded that because the pro-
ducts of domestic enterprise in agriculture or man-
ufactures, or in the arts, inay ultimately become
the subjects of foreign eommcree, the control of the
means or the encouragements by which enterprise
is fostered and protected is legitimately within the
import of the phrase, ' foreign commerce,'or fairly
implied m any investiture of the power to regulnte
such commerce. A pretension as farreacblngr as this
would extend to contracts between citizen and citi-
zen of the same State, would control the pursuits
of the planter, the grazier, the manufacturer, the
