1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2367
mechanic, the immense operations of the collieries
and mines and furnaces of the country, for there is
not one of these avocations the results of which may
not become the subject of foreign commerce, and
be borne either by the turnpikes, canals, or rail-
roads from point to point within the several States,
toward an ultimate destination, like the one above
mentioned. Such a pretension would effectually
prevent or paralyze every effort at internal improve-
ment by the several States; for it cannot be supposed
that the States would exhaust their capital and
their credit in the construction of turnpikes, canals,
and railroads, the remuneration derivable from
which, and all control over which, might be imme-
diately wrested from them, because such public
works would be facilities for a commerce which,
while availing itself of these facilities, was unques-
tionably internal, although intermediately or ulti-
mately it might become foreign.
"The rule here given with respect to the regula-
tion of foreign commerce equally excludes from the
regulation of commerce between the States and the
Indian tribes: the control over turnpikes, canals,
railroads, or the clearing and deepening of water-
courses exclusively within the States, or the man-
agement of the transportation upon and by means
of such improvements. The design and object of
that power, as evinced in the history of the Consti-
tution, was to establish a perfect equality among
the several States as to commercial rights, and to
prevent unj ust and invidious distinction which local
jealousies or local and partial interests might be
disposed to introduce and maintain. These were
the views pressed upon the public attention by the
advocates of the adoption of the Constitution, and
in accordance therewith have been the expositions
of this instrument propounded by this court."
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, in
reply to what the gentleman from Indiana has
said touching the constitutionality of the ques-
tion involved, I have simply to say that this
bill, with a view to the very objection which
the gentleman from Indiana makes, has been
submitted to the most eminent legal minds of
this country, and they have, so far as I have
learned, invariably decided in favor of the
constitutionality of that provision of the bill
to which the gentleman objects, under that
clause of the Constitution of the United States
which declares that Congress shall have power
to regulate commerce between the States.
Now, sir, so far as State laws are concerned,
there are quite a number of States which have
laws nearly the same as this proposed law,
from which this bill has been drafted. But
the trouble lies just here; they are inefficient
so far as the inter-State communications or
the great through lines of railroads are con-
cerned ; they are inefficient for the want of
jurisdiction. Hence the absolute necessity
of a United States law for the purpose of cor-
recting this great evil of cruelty to animals
while in transit, which has been complained
of for long years.
Mr. Speaker, it is not my intention to con-
sume the time of the House, or the Committee
on Agriculture, for we have ottaer business to
bring before the House; but I might say that
this is a bill which, as its title indicates, is in the
interest of humanity, in the interest of a Chris-
tian civilization, and it is emphatically a bill
in the interest of health—a sanitary measure.
It is well known that the great West and the
Southwest are the cattle-producing regions
of the United States. It is well known that
those regions of country rely mainly on the
eastern cities for a market for their beef, and
that they are situated at a distance of from one
thousand to two thousand miles from those
cities. The medium of transporting the beef
cattle is by railroad. A large portion of these
cattle are produced in Texas. I apprehend
that if you ask any Representative from that
State on this floor as to the number of cattle
owned by Texas cattle-graziers, they will tell
you that it is no unusual thing for a single man
to own ten, twenty, and even fifty thousand
head of horned cattle. This interest also exists
largely in Kansas, Nebraska, the Indian coun-
try, and in Wyoming and other States and Ter-
ritories west of the Mississippi, where they pro-
duce the great bulk of the cattle produced in
the United States.
Why, sir, statistics show that there were re-
ceived in the cities of Chicago and St. Louis,
■which may be regarded as the two great cattle
depots of the West, in 1870, seven hundred
and seventy-four thousand head of horned
cattle, five hundred and twenty-one thousand
of which were reshipped mainly to the east-
ern cities for the purpose of food; and in
connection with that there were received into
those same cities during that year over two
and a half million hogs and sheep, eleven
hundred and fifty-five thousand of which were
reshipped to the eastern market.
Now, it is very easy from the facts in the
case to understand the cruelty, the barbar-
ity, and the brutal inhumanity practiced upon
these herds while in transit. It is not only
disgraceful to American civilization, but it is
detrimental to the health of the people of
those cities who must eat the flesh of those
animals. They are unawares taking into their
stomachs the seeds of disease and death; for
instances are not wanting where it has been
proved beyond doubt that many persons have
contracted diseases fro.m eating unsound meat,
and that disease has resulted in death. I
remember a year or two ago that the board of
health commissioners of the eity of New York
stated that m a single year they had condemned
twenty tons of unsound meat, and it might be
interesting to know how many tons of the
same sort of unsound and unhealthy meat
were sold to and consumed by the people who
were ignorant of the fraud.
Now, sir, I very much regret that there is
any opposition in the American Congress made
to the passage of a bill which proposes to
guard the life and health of every man, woman,
and child in the country who is obliged to
use western beef.
Mr. Speaker, unless some gentleman desires
to say something upon this bill, or desires that
I should make some further explanation, I
am not disposed to take up the time of the
Committee on Agriculture any further, and I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered to be now put.
The amendments were concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 71, not voting
73; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames. Averill, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Bigby, Bingham, George M. Brooks,
Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler,
Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Dawes, De
large, Donnan, Bunnell, Eames, Elliott. Farwell,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Griffith, Harper, George E. Harris, Hay, Hays, Gerry
W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Lamport, Lowe, Man-
son, Maynard, McGrew, McJunkin, Alelvce, Mercur,
Merriam, Monroe, Moore. Morey. Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Packer, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F.
Perry, Eli Perry, Raitiey, Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley,
Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Slocum, H. Boardman
Smith. John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong,
Sypher, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Twiehell,
Tyner, Upson, Walden, Wallace, Wells, Wheeler,
Whiteley,'Williams of Indiana. Jeremiah M.Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beek, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks, Carroll, Comingo, Conner. Cntcher, Cross-
land, Davis, Dox, Du Bose, Duke, Forker. Getz,
Golladay, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hancock, Hand-
ley, Hanks, John T. Harris, Hayena, Herndon, Hib-
bard, Holman, Kerr, King, Lamison, Leach, McCiel-
land, McCormick, McHenry. Mclntyre, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, Hosea W.
Parker, Potter, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Rice,William R.Roberts, Rogers, Sher-
I wood, Slater, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland. Swann,
! Taffe, Terry, Turner, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan,
I Warren, Wbitthorne. Willard, Williams of New
York, Winchester, Wood, and Young—71.
NT0T VOTING—Messrs. Banks. Barnum, Bever-
idge, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boles, Buckley,
Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, William
T Clark. Freeman Clarke, Cox, Crebs, Creely,
Crocker, Darrall, Dickey, Dueil, Eldredge, Ely,
Farnswortli, Finkelnburg, Henry D. Foster, Gar-
rett, Goodrich, Hale, Halsey, H.irmer, Hawley,
Hereford, Kendall, Ketcham, Killinger, Kmsella,
Lansing, Lewis, Lynch, Marshall, McCrary, Mc-
Kinney, McNeely, Negiey, Niblack, Orr, Packard,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Price, Prindle, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts,
Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Shooer, Shoemaker, Sloss, R. Milton Speer. St. John,
Dwight Townsend, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman,
Waldron, and Walls—73.
So the bill was ;
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PLANTING OP TREES.
Mr. HALDEMAN, from the Committee on
Agriculture, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
2197) to encourage the planting of trees and
for the preservation of woods on the public
domain now held by the United States, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read.
The first section provides that every grant
of the public lands of the United States, now
or hereafter surveyed, shall be upon the express
condition thatthe grantee or grantees, his, her,
or their heirs, executors, and assigns, shall keep
and preserve at least ten per cent, of the num-
ber of acres thus granted in timber trees, if so
much thereof then be in timber at the date of
such grant, which shall not thereafter be cut
down or destroyed to an extent which shall re-
duce the quantity of timber land upon such grant
below the percentage above named, unless at
the time of such cutting, or previous thereto,
there shall have been planted two acres of
land with timber trees for each acre so cut;
and such conditions shall be expressed in the
body of the patent or other instrument by
which the title of the United States is con-
veyed to such grantee.
The second section provides that if the
grantee, or any party claiming thereunder,
shall willfully violate the conditions named
in the preceding section, such violation shall
work a forfeiture to the United States of the
land so granted, and it shall be the duty of
such officer as may be designated by the Secre-
tary of the Interior to cause the proceedings
to be brought when it may be necessary to
enforce such forfeiture.
The third section provides that if ten per
cent, of the lands so granted, at the date of
such grant, shall not be in timber, then the
grant- so made may be upon the condition that
the grantee, his, her, or their heirs or assigns,
shall properly plant and preserve, for the
period of five years, in trees, so much land as
may' be necessary to make up ten per cent, of
the whole number of acres granted; and, to
enable the grantee to carry out this provision,
the payment of twenty-five per cent, of the
purchase-money may be delayed for the period
of five years, at the expiration of which time,
if the grantee, or the party claiming under
him, her, or them, shall produce satisfactory
evidence to the register of the land office of
the district in which the land is located, by the
affidavits of two or more disinterested wit-
nesses, that the condition of such grant has
been performed, thereupon a patent shall be
issued without further payment.
The fourth section provides that the United
States shall hold a lien upon such land for the
payment of the twenty-five per cent, so delayed,
which lien shall be satisfied only by the pay-
ment of said twenty-five per cent.^ with the
interest thereon, or by the production of the
evidence of the performance of the condition
as required in the precediug section.
The fifth section provides that any person
who shall plant, protect, and keep in a healthy,
growing condition for five years, one hundred
and twenty acres of timber, the trees thereon
not being more than twenty feet apart each
way, on any quarter section of any of the pub-
lic lands of the United States not now wooded
or timbered, shall lie entitled to a patent for
the whole of the quarter section at the expira-
tion of five years on making proof of such fact
by not less than two credible witnesses ; pro-
