1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Denfense of President Grant—Mr. Logan.
Senate.
Being at the birth of the Republican party,
the Senator said that he did not desire to fol-
low its hearse. Let me say to him. or to his
friends, he not being present, that if to-day he
is following thehearse of the Republican party,
he is following that hearse because he himself
■with his own hand drew the dagger which
struck it in its vital parts. If the power is in
him he has wounded it. If the power is in
him he has destroyed it. If the power is in him
he has become it slayer. But, sir, the power
is not in him to perform this work, to wit, the
assassination of the party, which he says he
organized. No, sir, strong men and honest ones
by the many thousands stand by it, and will
ward off the blows aimed at it by the pow-
erful Senator and his allies; and, sir, it will
pass through this ordeal unscathed, aud shine
forth brighter and more powerful than ever.
Mr. President, we did go forth and fight the
oligarchy of slavery. The Senator fought it
here in the Senate Chamber. Time and again
have I been filled with pride and have I been
made to respect and honor and love the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts as I saw him engaged
in the severe and fierce battles which he fought
against the oligarchy of slavery. I have seen
him when he fought it face to face, so far as lan-
guage and oratory were concerned. But, sir,
let me reply to him, slavery was not destroyed
by his speeches; slavery was not destroyed
by his oratory; slavery was not destroyed
by his eloquence ; slavery was not destroyed
by his power; slavery was not destroyed by
his efforts, but by war—by the sword in the
hands of Grant and the bayonets that were
held by his followers, the chains of slavery
fell and the manacles dropped from the limbs
of the slaves. It was not done by the Sen-
ator alone, but by the exertions of the Army,
led 011 by this man against whom the Senator
has made the most vile assault that has ever
been made in this or any other deliberative
body.
Mr. President, at the closo of the war in
1865, on the 22d day of May, when the armies
were marshaled here in the streets of Wash-
ington, as we passed by this Senate Chamber
aud marched down Pennsylvania avenue with
the officers at the head of their columns, I
remember to have read on the outer walls this
motto: "There is one debt this country can
nevery repay, and that is the debt of gratitude
it owes to the soldiers who have preserved the
Union." Littledid I think, then, sir, that within
seven years al'teward I should hear an assault
like this upon the leader of that Army within
these very walls. Mr. President, is that debt
of gratitude so soon forgotten ? Shall the fair
fame aud reputation of the man who led those
armies be trampled in the dust by one man, who
claims so egotistically here that he organized
the party which made the war against the
oligarchy of slavery? But, sir, that attempt
has been witnessed here to our great sorrow.
The eloquence, the power, the education, all
that belong to the Senator from Massachusetts
has been brought to bear, not in consonance
with that motto, not in keeping alive in the
bosoms of the people of the United States
that feeling of gratitude to the men who saved
the country, but of ingratitude; and worse,
of want of decent respect which shcfuld be
shown either for the memory of the dead or
for the character of the living.
The nextdivision of the speech of the Senator
from Massachusetts is in reference to "presi-
dential pretension," and in discussing presi-
dential pretensions, hedrawshimself to his full
height and exclaims, " Upon what meat doth
our Ceesar feed that he assumes so much?"
That is the language of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I might reply to the Senator and ask:
" Upon what meat doth this our Csesar feed,
That he is grown so great?"
Where did he acquire the charter or the'right
to stand in this Senate Chamber and perpetrate
slander upon slander, vile and malignant,
against the best men of our land ? I ask the
Senator from Massachusetts, where does he
acquire that title; where does he obtain that
right belonging to himself alone? A, right,
however, that no one will covet.
The Senator says the President of the Uni-
ted States violates the Constitution, violates
law, violates every principle that ought to gov-
ern the Chief Magistrate of a great nation. I
should like to ask a question of the Senator if
he were here, and I am sorry that he is not.
" The wicked flee when no man pursueth." It
certainly is not that he is in terror of anything
that may be said ; but why is it? Is he afraid
that the ghost of his own slanders will come
back to haunt him even here as well as in his
chamber at night? Will it haunt him as the
ghost of San Domingo haunts him every day ?
And this seems to follow hira like the ghost of
Banquo, making its appearance when he least
expects it. Now, sir, in what has the President
of the United States violated the Constitution?
If the President has violated the Constitution,
it is the duty of the House of Representatives
to prefer charges against him, and of the
Senate to try him for that offense. In what
has the President violated the law ? I ask
the Senator from Massachusetts to tell this
country in what has he violated the Constitu-
tion, in what particular. It may be that all
of us have not construed the law alike. It is
possible to construe the Constitution differ-
ently in certain respects. The President may
have differed from us at times in reference to
a construction of the law or of the Constitution;
but if he has, I have no knowledge of it. But
even if that were the case it would be no vio-
lation of the Constitution or of the law in the
sense in which the word "violation" is used
by the Senator.
But the Senator says the Presidency is made
" a plaything and a perquisite." I read from
his printed speech :
"To appreciate his peculiar oliaracter as a civil-
Ian it is important to know his triumphs as a soldier,
for tho one is tho natural complement of the other.
The successful soldier is rarely changed to the suc-
cessful civilian. There seoms an incompatibility
between the two, modified by the extent; to which
ono has been allowed to exclude the other. One
always a soldier cannot late in life become a states-
man : ono always acivilian cannot latoin lil'ebocome
a soldier. Education and experience are needed for
each."
This I read from page 6 of the pamphlet
•which was published prior to the publication
of the speech in the Glohe. The Senator says
that the camp is not the training school for a
statesman ; that a different training must be
given a man for the purpose of making him a
statesman from that which is required to make
him a soldier. I shall not appeal to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts on that point; but I do
appeal to the people of this country. I appeal
to the million and a half of soldiers who are
living, and if I could reach the ears of the
dead I would appeal to the three hundred
thousand that lie beneath the sod who fell
fighting, and fighting fell that their country
might live, to know why a soldier cannot be a
statesman and why a statesman cannot be a
soldier.
Sir, if the object of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is to exclude all soldiers from civil
life, if every soldier in this land is to be ex-
cluded from civil position because he has had
the training of a soldier, then I say, soldiers
in this Chamber, depart; return to your homes;
war is your profession and your element; and
let the Sumners maintain themselves as Sen-
ators and make laws which you must obey. I
appeal to the world to say if there had been
no other kind of statesmen or soldiers save
that of the Senator from Massachusetts, would I
you have had a Government; would, this
country have been united to-day; or would it
have been severed and in fragments? It was
because of the _ patriotism in the breasts of
statesmen, and in men who are not statesmen ;
it was because the land was filled with patriots,
and because those patriots went to the field,
whether they were or they were not states-
men, that our country has been saved. I am
not of the opinion that a man has to be edu-
cated and crammed and stuffed day after day
with Greek, with Latin, with French, with
Spanish, with German, with mathematics, and
with everything else, until when he comes into
the Senate Chamber aud makes a speech you
would think he was some magazine of undi-
gested dictionaries, pamphlets, and musty his-
tories of past ages, exploding upon the Sen-
ate, instead of sending forth the well-digested
matter elucidating some mooted question.
I am in favor of education; but I am in
favor of that education which is compatible
with common sense, which gives judgment to
deal with men and things. Now, 1 want to
compare the statesman of Massachusetts with
the poor little dwarfed soldier of Illinois who
is now President of the United States. Ac-
cording to the Senator from Massachusetts he
is ignorant; according to the Senator from
Massachusetts he is a mere soldier. Before
the warhe followed the occupation of a tanner,
and received but a small pittance for his labor,
and during the war he served his country in
the camp and in the field, and did not have
the opportunity to fit himself for President of
the United States. That was the language of
the Senator. Ijp other words, no man who has
ever worked at the tanner's trade should be
President; no man who was ever a shoemaker
should be a Senator; no man who was ever a
carpenter should be a legislator; no man who
was ever a farmer should aspire to position or
honors from the people. In other words, the
laboring, working classes are according to his
theory the" mud sills of society," as was once
announced by a South Carolinian, aud t,he an-
nouncement was received with the contempt
of the whole intelligent North. If no persons
but those like the Senator himself are per-
mitted to occupy positions in this land, or can
be President or Vice President, how will it
be with the poor tanners, the poor carpenters,
the poor farmers, the poor printers, the poor
everybodies? None of these are fit to be
President or Vice President, or Senators, or
member of Congress, or Governors; but they
are, according to the theory of the Senator from
Massachusetts, only fit to make food for gun-
powder as mere soldiers.
Now let us see what has been accomplished
by this educated, crammed Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, who has been in the Senate Cham-
ber, I believe, for nearly twenty-four years.
I believe I state a fact when I say that the
records of Congress will not show a measure
that was ever originated by himself which
passed without amendmeut. I believe I state
a fact when I say that the records and the his-
tory of this country show fewer acts of Con-
gress on the statute-book to-day originated by
him than by any other man who ever claimed
to be a statesman. His statesmanship has
consisted for twenty-four years iu high-sound-
ing phrases, in long-drawn-out sentences, in
paragraphs taken from books of an ancient
character, as an instance of which we find in
his speech pages on "nepotism," taken almost
bodily from a biographical dictionary of the
popes and rulers of Rome. There is where-
in his gn atnesa consists. It consists in para-
graphing, in plagiarism, in declamation, and
in egotism.
He has accomplished much in his own esti-
mation. He is writing a history, or some one
is for him, of himself. I have been reading it
