2868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
vided that only one quarter in any section shall
be thus granted.
The sixth section provides that the person
applying for the benefit of this act shall, upon
application to the register of the land office in
which he or she is about to make such entry,
make affidavit before the register or receiver
that the entry is made for the cultivation of
timber, and upon filing said affidavit with the
register and receiver, and on payment of ten
dollars, he or she shall thereupon be permit-
ted to enter the quantity of land specified;
provided, however, that no certificate shall be
given, or patent issue therefor, until the ex-
piration of at least five years from the date of
such entry; and if at the expiration of such
time, or at any time within three years there-
after, the person making such entry, or, if he
or Bhe be dead, his or her heirs or legal rep-
resentatives, shall prove by two credible wit-
nesses that he, she, or they have planted, and
for not less than five years have cultivated and
protected such quantity and character of tim-
ber as aforesaid, they shall receive the patent
for such quarter section of land.
The seventh section provides that if at any
time after the filing of the affidavit, and prior
to the issuing of the patent for the land, it
shall be proven, after due notice to the party
making such entry and claiming to cultivate
such timber, to the satisfaction of the register
of the land office, that such person has aban-
doned or failed to cultivate, protect, and keep
in good condition such timber, then, and in that
event, the land shall revert to the United States.
The eighth section provides that each and
every person who, under the provisions of an
act entitled "An act to secure homesteads to
actual settlers on the public domain," ap-
proved May 20, 1862, or any amendment
thereto, having a homestead on the public do-
main, who, at the end of the third year of his
or her residence thereon, shall have had under
cultivation for two years one acre of timber,
the trees thereon not being more than twenty
feet apart each way, and in a good, thrifty
condition, for each and every sixteen acres of
a homestead, shall, upon due proof of the fact
by two credible witnesses, receive his or her
patent for a homestead.
The ninth section provides that no land
acquired under the provisions of sections five,
six, seven, and eight of this act shall, in any
event, become liable to the satisfaction of any
debt or debts contracted prior to the issuing
of patent therefor.
The tenth section provides that the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office is hereby
required to prepare and issue such rules and
regulations, consistent with this act, as shall
be necessary and proper to carry its provis-
ions into effect; and that the registers and the
receivers of the several land offices shall be
entitled to receive the same compensation for
any lands entered under the provisions of this
act that they are now entitled to receive when
the same quantity of land is entered with
money.
The eleventh section provides that the fifth
section of the act entitled "An act in addi-
tion to an act to punish crimes against the
United States, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3, 1857, shall extend to all
oaths, affirmations, and affidavits required or
authorized by this act.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, who reports this bill from
the Committee on Agriculture with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, will explain it, as
it contains very lengthy provisions before the
House is called upon to pass it.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Certainly; and such
is my intention, to fully explain it.
Mr. SARGENT. Is the bill open to amend-
ment?
Mr. HALDEMAN. I do not propose to
allow amendments to be now offered, but I
will tell the gentleman from California that
the bill will be open to amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. Very well. I should like
now to hear some explanation of the bill.
Mr. HALDEMAN. In presenting this bill,
Mr. Speaker, on a subject hitherto unattempted
in legislation, the commitee do not assume
that it is exhaustive or a perfect measure.
It is initial, it is tentative; it may be found
necessary hereafter to supplement it or to cor-
rect it. It contemplates three important pro-
visions:
First, the preservation of a certain percent-
age of existing timber on each quarter section
of land now belonging to the United States.
Second, the planting and cultivation of a
certain percentage of woods on each quarter
section of the public lands which may here-
after be granted, and which is now destitute
of timber.
Third, the cultivation of a larger quantity
of timber on the western prairies, and in dis-
tricts where there now'is a complete absence
of forests.
To insure the first object, the preservation
of woods now standing, a penalty is provided
of considerable severity, because, as I shall
attempt to show in the course of my remarks,
the preservation of trees is of such vast import-
ance that the General Government owes to the
public an interference with the wanton waste
and destruction now in progress, and the con-
tinuance of which must be productive of the
saddest consequences to future generations.
To promote the second object sought in this
measure—the planting, cultivating, and pro-
tecting of sixteen acres on each quarter section
by the settlers thereon—a bounty is held out,
because it may be difficult of accomplishment
and very expensive in many localities. The
inducement is an abatement of twenty-five per
cent, of the purchase-money. The amount
may seem large, but I think none too great in
view of results so vastly beneficial.
The third important object of the bill con-
templates the cultivation of a large quantity
of trees upon the western prairies. As there
the difficulty of obtaining young trees and the
expense is very great, and at times the accom-
plishment of the object of the bill entirely
impossible, the inducement held out is very
considerable. It is provided that where one
hundred and twenty acres of land shall for five
years have been planted, cultivated in trees,
that at the end of that time a patent shall issue
without the payment of any money whatever.
Where a settler on the western prairies is will-
ing to plant and care for, under carefully
guarded provisions, one hundred and twenty
acres of land in trees upon an adjoining or
neighboring section, we propose at the end of
five years to give him that quarter section of
one hundred and sixty acres in consideration
of the great good which he will have done in
every possible point of view to the whole com-
munity in which he resides and to posterity.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question, at some point convenient
to himself?
Mr. HALDEMAN. I yield to the gentle-
man now for a question.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to know whether it is
the purpose of the Committee on Agriculture,
lay this bill, to prohibit, for all time, the grow-
ing up of a city or populous town on any of
what are now the public lands of the country?
Mr. HALDEMAN. It is not.
Mr. HOAR. Does not the bill require that
all grants of the public lands shall in future be
made on the express and perpetual condition
that the grantee or his representatives shall
keep a certain per cent, of the grant in tim-
ber trees ?
Mr. HALDEMAN. But there is a provis-
ion also that the grantee may cut down the
timber, if for each one of the sixteen acres re-
quired to be reserved on which the-,timber is
so cut or destroyed, an acre elsewhere shall be
planted.
Mr. HOAR. So that if the original grantees
should not keep the necessary per cent, else-
where in timber, the attempt to have a city or
populous town growing up would totally fail ?
Mr. HALDEMAN. The provisions of the
bill of course are severe; because it is desired
that existing timber shall be protected. But
the acre of timber required to be planted in
lieu of the acre destroyed may be planted
where the great and populous town or city is
not located.
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, in view of the inquiries made
to him by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. hoar,] permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. HALDEMAN. Certainly.
Mr. POTTER. If any particular parcel of
the lands secured by the provisions of this bill
for the growth of timber should by any chance
be needed for a great city, would it not be
competent for Congress to withdraw such par-
cel from timber growth, and give it up to city
purpeses?
Mr. HALDEMAN. Certainly. Moreover,
I have stated in the outset that supplemental
and amendatory legislation, such as experience
only can show to be necessary, may be re-
quired.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question? This bill pro-
vides—
That every grant of the public lands of the United
States, now or hearafter surveyed, shall be upon the
express condition that the grantee or grantees, his,
her, or their heirs, executors,* and assigns, shall
keep and preserve at least ten per cent, of the num-
ber of acres thus granted in timber trees, &c.
What will the gentleman do in the case of
hydraulic placer mines, where the timber is
taken off in order to allow the working of the
grant ? Will the gentleman also tell me, if he
does not find any answer ready to the ques-
tion, what he is to do with land granted for
town sites? Will he also tell me, if he cannot
find an answer to the last question, what he is
to do in the case of land granted for right of
way merely to railroad or other road compa-
nies? Is the timber to be kept on the strips,
and if so, is it to be between the rails, or how
far from them?
Mr. HALDEMAN. The gentleman has put
so many questions that it would occupy all my
time to answer them. As regards grants of
mineral lands, I think it would, be very easy
for the gentleman and myself to agree upon a
satisfactory amendment. But it is now not
the time to discuss details or trifling objec-
tions. I have stated that an opportunity will
be given for amendments. I ara not tenacious
about many of the details of the bill; but I
want some action to be taken which will call
the attention of the public to the vast import-
ance of stopping the wholesale destruction of
forests now going on in this country; and for
that purpose I desire to call the attention of
this House to what has been done in other
countries, and to the vast injury which has
resulted to nations and to whole continents
from the indiscriminate and wanton waste of
timber.
order oe business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The morning
hour having expired, will the gentleman yield
to allow me to move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
special order, the amendments of the Sen-
ate on the legislative, judicial, and executive
appropriation bill?
Mr. HALDEMAN. I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I make
the motion; but in the first place I yield to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. ketcham,]
who desires to give notice in reference to call-
ing up a report of the committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I must call
for the regular order.
st. ckoix and lake superior railroad.
Mr. KETCHAM. I desire merely to give
notice that I shall, on Tuesday next, report
