670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
gentlemen whe are interested ia maintaining
this mint.
I know that this House very reluctantly
passed a bill to establish this branch mint.
After a contest of considerable length the
House yielded good-naturedly to the appeals
that were niade by those gentlemen, and I
believe very much to the regret afterward of
a majority of the members of this House, who
in their sober second-thought made up their
minds that the establishment of this branch
mint was entirely unnecessary. Now, I would
like to know whether they coin anything but
silver in this branch mint at Carson City,
What do they coin there? Are there uny
official reports which will tell us how much coin
has been made there ; whether anything other
than silver is coined there, and whether that
coinage could not be made just as well at some
other mint as there; what, necessity there is
for anything there—at all events, for anything
more than an assay office? It is just as cheap
to transport the bullion in bars from Carson
City to Philadelphia, or to any other eastern
point, as it is to transport the coin. I shall
therefore object to this amendment, unless
some better reason can be given for it than I
have yet heard.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. One word only
in answer to thegetitleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnswokth.] The Mint report does show
that over iwo million dollars was coined ut
Carson City last year, wholly or noarly all in
silver.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; will the
gentleman tell us now whether all or nearly
all of that coin has not been transported from
the mint there to the Hast? Is it used there ;
is it paid out there; or is it transported to the
Fast? If it is transported hither, why may it
not as well be transported iu bars as in coin?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. SARGENT. I move pro forma to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. The original bill for the establishment
of a mint at Carson City was passed in the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, when, I believe, we
liad not the pleasure of the presence of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswokth ;]
and consequently I do not think he has any
personal knowledge which justifies him in say-
ing that the mint was reluctantly established.
It was s-howu at that time by a very able report
presented by the late Thaddcus Stevens, then
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that the commercial necessities of that
section required the establishment, of that mint.
There were at that time special reasons why
the mint was demanded. There was then no
means of communication between Nevada and
California except by stages or wagons; so that
the cost of transporting bullion to San Fran-
cisco, where there was a mint, was extremely
heavy, constituting a very large burden upon
the people of the Territories. Now, while it
is true that this very urgent reason existing at
that time for the establishment of that mint
does not now exist in so great force, yet there
are now reasons with reference to the business
and convenience of the people of that State
which demand the continuance of the mint
there.
The question why all this bullion (the
product of the State having already reached
$21,000,000, and the business largely increas-
ing) cannot be transported to Philadelphia,
coined there and sent back for the local purposes
of t;he State of Nevada, might be asked with as
much force with reference to the mint at San
Francisco or the assay office at New York, or
any other establishment of this kind through-
out the whole country. Ithasbeen the policy
of the Government (and an exception ought
not to be made against the State of Nevada)
to coin so far as possible where the minerals
are produced, ia order to save the great loss
which would otherwise bo entailed upon the
people by transportation of bullion. It is in
pursuance of this policy that the mint has
been established at Carson City. The policy
is a wise one, and is beneficial to the people
of the Territories; and the amounts received
by the Government for coining have nearly
paid the expenses to which the Government
has been subjected. The business of this mint
is rapidly increasing; and there are no reasons
growing out of the condition of its business
why it should be abolished. It ha3 been in
operation only about a year and a half—not
quite two years, if my recollection serves me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I thought the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] said it
was estublished in the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has pretty good ears, and I have no doubt
understood me. If not, I will explain. The
original legislation for the establishment of
this mint was passed by the Thirty-Seventh
Congress ; but it took several years to erect the
buildings and to have the delicate machinery
required transported there and put in opera-
tion. The mint lias been in operation, as I
state, less than two years. After the first year
the showing of the business of that mint was
not considerable; one reason of this being that
the railroad was not then constructed from
Virginia City to Carson City, so that shipping
the bullion to the latter point cost more than
to send it by railroad to California,; but as
soon as railroad facilities were supplied, the
business of the mint rapidly increased, and is
increasing every year. I "have no doubt that
the business of this mint will very soon be so
considerable as fully to justify the measure by
which it was established.
The gentleman from Illinois asks why this
money does not come to the East. Sir, a
large amount of the precious metals produced
by California, Nevada, and the -other Pacific
Slates is brought here. We bring it here to
purchase goods of all kinds, the manufac-
tures of the East as well as imported goods.
New York, Boston, and the other business
centers of the Fast thus get the benefit of
this production. We ourselves as commun-
ities are comparatively poor from the fact
that nearly all our resources of this kind are
drained to supply the lack of manufactures
among ourselves.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. F A R N S \ V O RTII. The gentleman from
California says that 1 was not here when the
bill establishing this mint was passed. If he
refers to the act by which it was provided that
a commencement should bo made, that a
building should be erected, he states truly;
but if be means I was not here when the first
appropriation was passed to pay officers at this
mint, he is mistaken. That was done two
years ago. An appropriation to commence the
erection of a building is one thing; the estab-
lishment of a working mint is another thing.
1 say here that I voted against the bill.  
Wow, sir, it is said that two millions of silver
are coined in this mint. It is said a portion
of the silver is required for busiuess in that
State. But there is a neighboring mine in
California. How much does it cost to trans-
port this silver from Nevada to the mint at
San Francisco? Not onetitheof what itcosls
to run this mint up in the mountain. .Every-
body knows that. The idea is absurd of our
paying out annually, beside all other contin-
gent expenses, for salaries nearly fifty thousand
dollars, merely for manipulating that mint,
when there is a neighboring mint in California
where this $2,000,000 could be coined without
any additional expense. It is one of the absurd-
ities that have been ingrafted on the expendi-
tures of this Government. It is entirely unne-
cessary, and was passed for local reasons and
local benefits, and not for the benefit of the
people of the United States. Why go on with
this useless expense for salaries? Why not
send the §2.000,000, as well as the balance of
the $45,000,000, which the gentleman says
are produced by ihe neighboring mines in Cali-
fornia, to the mint at San Francisco? Are
we to continue the establishments of mints
in the different States merely for the purpose
of local benefit? No, sir; I, for one, am
opposed to it.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. KENDALL. 1 renew it. Mr. Chair-
man, I beg the indulgence of the committee
for one moment. I regret very much to see
this opposition to the continuance of our mint
in the far West renewed here at this Congress.
I beg the indulgence of the committee, there-
fore, I say, for a few moments, if my voice
will permit me, while I explain briefly and as
succinctly as I can, some considerations why
I believe this appropriation should be con-
tinued.
Mr. Chairman, what are the facts in regard
to this measure? What is the bullion product
in my own State of Nevada? Over twenty-
one millions for the current year, and if the
operations of this mint be discontinued, what
will be the lesult? It will amount, Mr. Chair-
man, to a tax of nearly four hundred thousand
dollars to the people of the State, which will go
into the hands of private assayers, who will
assay all the bullion of our miners and mill-
men.
What, sir, has been the policy of our Gov-
ernment ever since the opening and develop-
ment of these western States? Has it not
been that our bullion should be coined as near
as possible where it is produced? Why should
the people of those far western States, where
our pioneers have gone, giving the best years
of their lives to open up and develop new
count,vies, and send here to jour doors the
precious metals, be compelled to send their
bullion, the product of their hard toil, to bo
coined two thousand or three thousand miles
from where it is produced? Therefore it is,
and righllj should be, the policy of the Gov-
ernment lo encourage and foster all these
coining institutions near where the bullion is
produced. Hence this'mint at Carson City,
which is saving annually to the people of our
State by the reduction of the cost of assaying
and coinage nearly four hundred thousand
dollars per annum.
The honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Faunswouth] who has just taken his seat
thinks that this bullion should go to ihe San
Francisco mint, and there be coined. I beg to
call the gentleman's attention to the fact that
the mint at San Francisco is now being recon-
structed and enlarged, and is not in a condition
to make any great addition to the amount of
its coinage. Therefore there exists the greater
necessity for the mint in my own State. Mr.
Chairman and gentlemen, as I have already
remarked, the bullion product, of that State is
over twenty-one million dollars for the present
year. The bullion product of the eastern part
of the State, where my own residence is, is
$11,000,000 for this year, inpiace of $5,000,000
last year. I hesitate not to say our bullion
product will ammnt to $40,000,000 instead
of $21,000,000 for the coming year; and yet
gentlemen coolly say that we have no need of
a mint where this vast product of our industry
shall be put in a commercial and available
shape.
Mr. Chairman, if we are to be deprived of
this means of placing the leading product of
our industry in such shape, I shall regret it
very much. I hope, in conclusion, that gen-
tlemen will consider that mining is our leading
industry. We have no commerce. We have
but little agricultural wealth. Mining for the
precious metals is to us what commerce, manu-
factures, and agriculture are to other States.
I beg that you will not heedlessly cripple the
almost sole industry of our young but rapidly
growing Commonwealth.
