1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4161
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. It. No. 2199) to
incorporate the Great Salt Lake and Colorado
Kiver Railroad Company, and to grant to said
company the right of way through the public
lands of the United States.
Mr. LEWIS. Now I ask unanimous con-
sent to pass a bill to which there will be no
objection in any quarter, and which haspassed
the House.
Mr. POMEROY. There is an amendment
to be offered to this bill which will only take a
moment, and then we are through. It is
offered as a substitute for the amendment
offered by the Senator from Nevada, and it.
has been agreed to by both committees, I
believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada, from the Pacific Railroad Com-
mittee, ottered an amendment to this bill when
it was last under consideration, in the nature
of a general incorporation law for railroads in
the Territories. He now withdraws that
amendment, and the Committee on Public
Lands, after conference with the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, offer an amendment,
which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add as additional sections the following:
Sec. —. The following sections, providing a gen-
eral incorporation law for the Xeriitorieb, bhall not
be construed to authorize the location or construc-
tion of any other railroad upon the line or route
which may be adopted under the foregoing provis-
ions by the tireat Salt Lake and Colorado River
Kailroad Company, or which may in any manner
aflecc or impair the rights, privileges, and fran-
chises granted by the preceding sections of this act,
except that the Utah Southern Railroad Company
may have the right to locate and construct to Placer
City, as herein before provided.
Sec. —. That any number of natural persons, not
less than live, may become a body corporate lor the
purpose ot locating, constructing, maintaining, and
opeiatmg a railroad in the Territories of the United
States, except the Indian territory, with all the
nahts, privileges, and powers conferred by, and
subject to all the restrictions of, this act.
Sue. —. That any number of persons as aforesaid,
associating to form a company for the purposes
named in the first section of this act, shall, under
their hands and seals, make a certificate which shal 1
specify as follows: first, the name assumed by such
company, and by which it shall be known; secondly,
the name of theeounty orcounties, and Territory or
Tenitories, where the termini of said road are to he
located, and theeounty or counties, and Territory
or Territories, through which such road shall pass,
and the general route ot said road; thirdly, the
amount ol capital stock necessary to construct such
road. Such certificate shall bo acknowledged before
a justice of the peace, or before a territorial court
of record, and, if acknowledged before a justice ot
the peace, his official character shall be certified to
under seal by the clerk of a territorial court, and a
duly certified copy thereof shall bellied with the
secretary of each and every Territory within or
through which the hue of road as described m the
certificate Will pass,and the original shall be hied
with theSecretary of the Interior. A copy of said
certificate, duly certified by the Secretary of the
Interior, under the seal of the Department, shall be
e\ idence ot the existence of such company.
Sec. —. That when the foregoing provisions have
been complied with, the persons named as corpora-
tors in said certificate are hereby authorized to cari>
into effect the objects named in said certificate, m
accordance with the provisions of this act; and they
and their associates, successors, and assigns, by the
name and style provided in said certificate, shall
thereafter be deemed a body corporate, with succes-
sion with power to sue and be sued, plead and be
impleaded, defend and be defended, contract and be
contracted with, acquire and convey such real and
personal estate as may bo convenient and necessary
to carry into effect the objects of the incorporation,
to make and use a common seal, and the same to
alter at pleasure, and do ail needlut acts to carry iuto
e fleet the objects for which it was created; and such
company shall possess all the powers and be subject
to all rules and restrictions provided by this act.
Sec. —. Thatsuehcorporationsshall be authorized
to locate, construct, maintain, and operate a rail-
road, with a single or double track, with such side-
tracks, turn-outs, machine-shops, offices, and depots
as they may deem necessary between any points they
may select within the counties named in the certifi-
cate 'is the termini of such road, and to construct,
maintain, and operate branches from the mam line
to other towns or places within the limits of any
county through which said road may pass.
Sec — That the capital stock of such company
shall be divided into shares ot $100 each, and con-
gist of sucli sum. as may be named m the certificate.
Such shares shall be regarded as personal property,
and shall be subjectto execution at law. An install-
ment of five dollars on each share or stock sball be
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 261.
paid at the time of making such subscription, and
the residue thereof shall be paid m such install-
ments, and at such times and places, and to such
persons, as may be required by the directors ot such
company.
Sec. That if any installment of stock shall re-
main unpaid for sixty days after the time it may be
required, whether such stock is held by an assignee,
transferee, or the original subscriber, the same may
be collectcd by action of debt, or the directors may
sell the stock so unpaid at public auction, for the in-
stallment then 'due thereon, first giving thirty days'
public notice of the time and place of sale in some
newspaper in general circulation in the Territory
where such delinquent stockholder resided at the
time of making such subscription, or becoming such
assignee or transferees or of his actual residence at
the Limcof such sale; or, if such stockholder does not
reside in nny Territory, such publication shall be
made in the Territory where the principal office of
the company is located; andif anyresidueof money
shall remaiu after paying the amount due on said
stock, the same shall, on demand, be paid over to the
owner.
Sec.—. That whenever any railroad company in-
corporated under this actshall, m the opinion of the
directors thereof, require an increased amount of
capital stock, they shall, if authorized by the hold-
ers of two-thirds of the stock, file a supplementary
certificate, in the manner prescribed for the filing of
the original certificate, setting forth the amount of
such desired increase, and thereafter such company
shall be entitled to have such increased capital as is v
fixed by said certificate.
Sec. —• That the personsnamed in said certificate of
incorporation, or a majority of them, shall be author-
ized to order books to be opened for receiving sub-
scriptions to the capital stock of said company, at
such time or times, and at such place or place?, as
they may deem expedient, after ha\ing given at
least thirty days' notice, in a newspaper of general
circulation in each Teiritory through or within
which such road will pass, ol the time and place ol
opening books; and as soon as ten per cent, on
the capital stock shall be subscribed, they may give
like notice for the stockholders to meetatsuen time
and place as tliey mny designate for the purpope of
choosing five or more directors, who shall continue
in office until the tunc fixed for the annual election,
and until their successors are chosen and qualified:
at the time and place appointed, directors shall be
chosen, by ballot, by such of the stockholders as
shall attend for that purpose, cither in person or by
lawful proxies; each share shall entitle the owner
to line vote, and a majority of votes cast shall bo
necessary for a choice, but after the first election of
directors no person shall vote on any &bare on which
any installment is due and unpaid. The persons
named in such certificate, or such of them as may ho
present, shall be inspectors ot such election, and
shall certiiy what persons are elected directors, and
appoint the time and place for holding their first
meeting; a majority of said directors shall forma
board and be competent to fill vacancies in their
board, make by-laws, and transact all business of
the corporation; a new election shall be annually
held tor directors, at such time and place as the
stockholders at their first meeting shall determine,
or as the by-laws ot the corporation may require;
and the directors choseji at any election shall, so
soon therealter as may be convenient, choose opeot
their number to be president, and shall appoint a
secretary and a treasurer of the corporation, ihe
directors before entering upon their duties snail
each take an oath or affirmation faithfully to dis-
charge his duties, and they shall, from time to time,
make such dividends of the profits ol said company
as they may think proper, and shall hold their
offices until their successors arc clected and qualified.
Sec.—. That tho right of way through the public
lands is hereby granted to any railroad company
incorporated under this act to the extent ot one
hundred feet in width on each side of the ccnter of
such railroad, and the right and authority are hereby
given to such corporation to take from the public
lands adjacent to the line of said road material of
eaith, stone, timber, and water for the construc-
tion and maintenance thereof; and ground for sta-
tion-buildmgs, workshops, depots, machine-shops,
switches, sidc-tracks, turn-tables, and water-sta-
tions is hereby granted to such corporation, not to
i exceed forty acres upon any ten miles of roau.
| —. That for tue purpo.se of securing private
j lands and premises on the line of such road, which
may be necessary and proper for the construction
thereof, such corporation is hereby granted all the
rights powers, and privileges, and is iua.de subject
to alfthe restrictions of section three ot an act enti-
tled "An act to amend 'An act to aid m the con-
struction ot a railroad and telegraph from the j*ls-
souri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to toe
Government the use ot the same for postal, military,
and other purposes,' approved July 1, ap-
proved July 'A, Piooidul, lhat the territorial
district court of the district in which tue laud or
premises are situated shall have exclusive jurisdic-
tion in all judicial proceedings had in pursuance
of this section and of section three ;iioresaiu.
such corporation whose right of way <extends
through any canyon, pass, or defile, snail not
exclude any other such corporation from a passage
through the same upon equitable terms; and in
case ot disagreement upon application ot either 01
the parties, with notice to the other, the same slia.U
be adjusted by the Secretary of the Interior, whose
decision may be enforced by a court ot competent
jurisdiction; and it the passage ot any such raiL-
road through any canyon, pass, or defile causes the
disuse or change of location of any public wagon-
road that now traverses the same, damages shall be
awarded therefor as provided by this section.
Sec. —. That every railroad company organized
under the provisions of this act shall be required to
commence operations on the line ot its road within
one year from the filing of its certificate with the
Secretary of the Interior, and thereafter to grade at
least ten miles each year, and to construct the
whole line of its road within ten years from the date
of the filing of said certificate; and if it shall fail to
comply with any of the requirements of this section
it shall forfeit its charter and ail the rights and
privileges conferred by this act as to any uncom-
pleted portion of its line of road; and upon the
written application of any party interested, made
to the Secretary of the Interior, setting forth the
cause of such forfeiture.it shall be the duty of the
Secretary, after notice to the corporation, to ex-
amine the case, and if, in his judgment, public
policy requires such forfeiture, he shall notify the
Attorney General of the United States, whereupon
it. shall be the duty of the Attorney General, or ol the
United States district attorney of any Territory in
which any part of the line of said road is situated,
to commence proceedings to enforce the forfeiture.
6kg. —. That whenever any company organized
under this act shall find it necessary, lor the purpose
of avoiding annoyance to public travel, or danger-
ous or difficult curves or grades, or unsafe orunsub-
stantial grounds or foundations, or lor other reason-
able causes, to change the location or grade of any
portions of its road, such railroad companyis hereby
authoiized to make such changes, not departing
from the general route prescribed in tho certificate
ol such company; and lor the purpose of making
such change as aforesaid, such company shall have
all the rights, powers, and privileges granted by
sections and of this act.
Seo. —. That any company organized under this
act tdiall have power to borrow money on the credit
ot the corporation, not exceeding its authorized cap-
ital stock, at a rate of interest to be agreed upon by
the i espective parties, and may execute bonds there-
lor in sums of not less than $109 and secure the pay-
ment thereof by morlgage, or pledge the property
and income of such company.
Sec, —. That such company may acquire, by pur-
chaseor gift, any lands m the vicinity of said road,
or through which the same may pa&g, &o,tar as. may
be convenient or necessary to secure the right ofway,
or such as may be granted, to aid in the construction
oi such road, and the same to hold or convey in such
manner as the directors may prescribe; and all
deeds and conveyances made by such company shall
be signed by the president, under the seal of the
corporation.
Sec. —. That it shall bo lawful for such company,
whenever it may be necessary in the construction
of such road, to cross any road or stream of water,
to divert the same from its present location or bed;
but such coiporation shall, without unnecessary
delay, place such load or stream in such condition
as not to impair its former usefulness. And m case
it shall become necessary and proper tor any such
railroad company tu build a budge on the hue ot
its load over a navigable stream, said bridge shall
be built under and subject to such regulations lor
the security ot the navigation ot the stream as the
Secretary of War shall prescribe; and the said
bridge shall be at all times so kept and managed as
to offer reasonable arid proper means for the passage
of vesocls, and such bridge shall not be built or com-
menced until the plans and specifications shall have
been submitted to and approved by the Secretary
of War; and no higher charge shall be made for the
transmission over the same of the m.iils, the troops,
and munitions of war of the United States, than the
rate per mile paid ior their transposition over the
railroads or public highways leading to .said bridge,
: and the United States sball have the right of' way
tor postal telegraph purposes across said bridge.
, Should any changc be made in the plan of said
1 bridge during1 the progress of the work thereon,
' such change snail be subject to the approval of the
1 Secretary of War; and all changes in the construc-
tion or any alteration of said bridge that may be
directed at any time by Congress, shall be made at
the cost and expense of the owners thereof; and m
case of any litigation or. alleged obstruction to the
free navigation of said river, tho cause may be tried
before the district court of the Territory in which
any portion of said obstruction or bridge touches.
Sec. —. That such coiporation &hali, as soon as
convenient after itsorganization, establish a princi-
pal office at some point on the line ot its road, and
may change thesameatpleasurc, giving public Dotice
in one or more newspapers in the Territory having
the largest circulation, and notice to the Secretary
of the interior, of such establishment or change.
Sec. —. That each and eveiy railroad company
incorporated nnderthis act shall, annually, in the
month of January, make a full report ot the condi-
tion of its affairs to the Secretary of the interior,
showing the amount of the capital stock ot ouch
company subscribed and the amount actually paid
in, the gross amount of tolls and receipts during- the
previous year, the amount ot road graded, tho
amount constructed, the cost of repairs and inci-
dental expenses, the net amount of profits, tho divi-
dends made, and the debts and liabilities, with such
other facts as may be necessary to a full statement
of the affairs and condition of such road
Sec. —. That any railroad company incorporated
under this act, or under any special act of Congress,
h may at any time, by means of subscription to ine
ij capital stock of any other company which may be
|! organized under this act,or otherwise, aid sucficom-
I; pany in the construction of its railroad for too pur-
sl pose of forming a connection of said last-men tionect
