1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
or at least his political associates, shut their
eyes and vote to confirm and strengthen cor-
ruption when made visible, if those corruptions
. are committed by members of their own party.
Thieves we strike down; robbers they hold up,
and erect statues and idols to them. That is
the difference between us.
Now, in regard to slavery and the colored
race, a topic which was introduced yesterday
almost if not altogether for malicious purposes,
let me say to every member of this House, no
matter what may be his oolor, that on this very
day we have seen my associate from New
York [Mr. Wood] arm in arm with a colored
man. [Laughter.] And thus we have shown
that we have no prejudice whatever against
the colored man. It is not the color of his
skin that prejudices us. I have also, like my
colleague, marched into this Hall with a col-
ored Mongolian from China upon my own arm.
We have, therefore, no prejudice against the
colored race. I deny the allegation that we
have. I am sure that I for one have no such
prejudice. The destiny of the African race is
now in its own hands, not in ours. That
race is on trial. It is before the world, or
rather its governments are on trial in Liberia,
in Hayti, in South Carolina, in Louisiana, in
Arkansas. If the members of that race shall
ever exhibit the same capacity for self-govern-
ment which the Chinese or the Japanese have
exhibited, no man will welcome the spectacle
more cordially than myself. The future of the
colored race depends altogether upon them-
selves, not upon us, Democrats or Republi-
cans, of a race that is colored white. We
have secured them their equal rights in the
Constitution and the laws; we have guarantied
to them equality before the law; we liave'given
them every privilege that any white man in
this country has a right to demand. There
can be no just agitation, then, upon this subject
now or hereafter, for none of us, surely not
myself, propose to take from them one single,
solitary right now ingrafted upon the Consti-
tution of the United States.
But we are told they want and must have
social equality. Sir, no king, no kaiser, no
Congress, much less a party, can ever estab-
lish social equality in this or any other land.
Social equality is an outgrowth of a divine
spirit within the man. It depends upon the
faculty which God has given to the individual
to lift himself up to an equality with his most
elevated fellow-citizen. No legislation, no
color, white or black, will ever give a man
social equality in this country. It is some-
thing to be won by a man's own merits, his
own good conduct, his own ability. When-
ever the African race shall exhibit their right
to social equality, whenever they shall exhibit
the same capacity and intelligence which the
Chinese or the Mongolians have exhibited,
social equality will be cheerfully extended to
them through all parts of this country. No
statute, not even the edicts of czars or sultans,
can force a white or a black man into any
man's house if he does not want him there,
or into companionship with others in social
life. But no matter what maybe the man's
color, if his ability and good conduct entitle
him to social equality it will be accorded to
him, whether he may have been born in Africa,
in Asia, in Europe, or elsewhere.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman, the nation, no doubt, will be very
glad to learn that the Democratic party is
about endeavoring to reform the Government
and put down peculation in every quarter
wherever it may be found. It would have
been more glad to ha.ve received this intelli-
gence if the former conduct and practices of
the Democratic party had warranted the prom-
ises made here to-day. But the history of that
party is rather of an unfortunate character in
this respect, and not such as to allow the peo-
ple to put implicit confidence in what may be
promised here. Prom the earliest history of
the country that party has been a party of cor-
ruption. Both the gentlemen from New York
who have addressed you this morning are old
enough to remember the corruptions of the
country in former times, which are being fol-
lowed now. The demoralization of the peo-
ple arose under Democratic administrations.
They are old enough to remember the fact
that under Jackson's and Yan Buren's ad-
ministrations the first great notable defalca-
tions took place. They will readily remember
that under those administrations Littlebury
Hawkins, of Arkansas; Wiley P. Harris, of
Mississippi; William Price, district attorney
of New York; and Robert Cochran, collector
of the port of Wilmington, North Carolina,
all of them Democratic officeholders, were
guilty of defalcations which amounted in each
case to over one hundred thousand dollars.
These were precedents which members of that
party have too often followed. They set the
bad example.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
says the custom-house of New York to-day is
the seat of corruption. I recall to his recol-
lection the fact that during the same admin-
istration Samuel Swartvvout, the Democratic
collector of customs at New York, was a
defaulter to the amount of $1,200,000, and
escaped unwhipped of justice. If they are
great reformers let them begin in the ranks of
the Democratic party of New York. They
hold the power m that city and that State,
but instead of being the enemies of corrup-
tion, instead of being its scourgers, they re-
ward rather than punish their great criminals,
and while Republican Philadelphia sends her
defaulters to the Eastern penitentiary Demo-
cratic New York elevates her greatest crim-
inal, Tweed, to the Senate of the State by an
overwhelming majority. Her other great pec-
ulators who have robbed the city and county
of New York of unknown millions are still at
large, and no member of this House who has
noticed the impunity with which Democratic
culprits have escaped punishment there will
readily believe that they will ever receive the
punishment they merit.
Such a party thepeople will not very readily
consider trustworthy as reformers, nor intrust
to them the work of governmental reformation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Garfield] yesterday said to the House at the
close of the debate that he had laid before the
House a statement from official sources which
gave in detail all of the items of expenditures,
which statement he considered would be ample
and satisfactory. I believed at the time he
made that statement he had done all he said
he had done. I turn to the Globe this morn-
ing and find, while he is asking for an appro-
priation of §1,000,000 now to supply what is
called a deficiency in the expenses of the judi-
cial service of the country, he has laid nothing
before the House except a letter addressed to
him in December last by the late Attorney
General of the United States, who was dis-
missed from his high position for some cause
unknown to me, without giving us a word
from any officer now in authority as to the
necessity for this large appropriation.
In that letter it is stated by Mr. Akcrman—
and it is the only statement we have been
favored with—that he is satisfied it would not
be prudent to appropriate less than one million
dollars to supply the deficiency. That is all
I find in the Globe upon which the House is
to act. Why did not the gentleman from Ohio
ask the present Attorney General for informa-
tion, and lay his statement before us? Why
did he not ask some official now in authority
to tell us why this should be done? That man
Akerman, as is proved by the testimony taken
before the Ku Klux Committee, engaged a
fellow by the name of Whitely, chief of the
secret service, as will be seen by referring to
page 507 of that report—which each member
has—took him down to North Carolina and
elsewhere, and, according to Whitley's own
testimony before a court in New York, paid
him (Whitely) and his gang of spies §10,000
for services in getting up Ku Klux prosecu-
tions. It is shown that this man Whitely was
of such infamous character that men accused
of high crimes before courts in New York were
acquitted in the face of his testimony because
he was unworthy of belief on oath.
If gentlemen will turn to page 503 of the
report of the Ku Klux Committee, they will
there see that at one time scores of men were
arrested in North Carolina no doubt through
the machinations of this man Whitley, who
were known not to be guilty of any offense,
but merely to make money out of the arrests.
Mr. Schenck swears to it thus:
" Question, You think the object of this is to make
money ?
"Answer. I have no doubt of it.
" Question. Have they also any political object in
it?
"Answer. I cannot say that. X can only tell you tho
declarations I have of the detective Bosher. He
would arrest eight or ten men, and take them down
and have them discharged. He would say, 'Boys,
let's go and take drink now; I have made my money
out of you,' and then they would all take a drink
and have a jollification. He would state, 'All my
object is to make money and politiealeapital. I am
sent here for that purpose. I don't want you to un-
derstand that I am here to make trouble with you,
only so as to make money and capital for the Repub-
lican party.' He would state that on public occa-
sions—that it was to make money for himself and
capital for the Republican party. X will say, in re-
gard to Bosher, that his treatment of his prisoners
has been very kind. I do not think that he has
treated any prisoner unkindly, but ho would arrest
them. They stated that he wrote aletter—it is stated
in the prints—that there was no necessity for mili-
tary force; that he had already arrested thirty by
himself, and that he would go out by himself, go to
the eorn-shuekings, and arrest four or five, and bring
them in and have them discharged, and they would
have a jollification alter he made his money. The
men would come in, numbers of them. The court
there has got to be a matter of ridicule; if a fellow
will come m and pay enough, he can get out. As to
Mr. Vest, I will say for him, as commissioner, that
I do not know of his arresting any one cxccrit upon
proper affidavit."
Again, on page 507, Mr. Schenck says:
"I wa«! going to say, as you asked for the conduct
of these men, there is another cause of complaint
against these marshals at Lmcolnton, that they have
appointed some very illitcrato men as marshals,
who were going around selling what they called dis-
charges. They will come to a man and say to him,
' Davis has sworn thai you belong to the Ku Klux.
We don't want to punish you; but we can make
some money out of your arrest.' They will issue
a summons for the man and bring him before the
commissioner, and advise him to get two friends to
swear that he never committed any violence, and
then he is discharged. Thereupon they get their
fees, which amount in the aggregate to ten dollars.
I brought a little specimen of one of these discharges
with me, which I think will give tho committee an
idea of the character of the men selling them out;
something like the indulgences sold in Luther's
time.
''Question. Read it.
" Answer. It is so badly spelled that I do not know
whether I can. It ought to be seen to be appre-
ciated. [Reading from a printed slip as follows :3
" ' Ltnconton, November ihelday, 1871.
" 'This is to surtifi That —- was Rain By Moa
Bcefore the u. s. comishner R. P. Vest at the coat
Hous in Linconton of Kein Berlongin to tho m
viserl Emphireand was Bischard of the vilatin of the
acct of congress charged in the With in Warrant.
This 2 day of November, 1871.
THOS. W. WOMBLE,
jV. P. Marshal"
It will thus be seen that after men were arrest-
ed, and ten dollars a head paid by the Govern-
ment for arresting them, the United States
marshal discharged them and treated them,
saying that he had made his money out of
them, and that as he could make ten dollars
apiece out of them, lie had no sorfcof trouble in
arresting as many of them as he pleased. The
report on this sworn statement of an eminent
lawyer shows that blank certificates were given
to men if they would come in and allow them-
selves to be arrested, in order that these thieves
might get their pay. Turn to page 501 and
you will find that a man named Logan, a judge
of North Carolina, a man of infamous charac-
ter,is placed at the head of these prosecutions,
who is pronounced by the members of his bar,
numbering thirty-two persons, Republicans
and Democrats, to be a creature merely stir-
