578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
the Committee on Appropriations of the last
Congress reported against this proposition for
the continuance of this branch mint at Carson
City ; and it was only after a very animated
discussion and by a very close vote that it was
inserted in the bill. The idea of the commit-
tee was to make it an assay office, as we were
afterward obliged to establish an assay office
in Idaho, and as in a year or two we will be
obliged to establish one in Montana. It was
iheir idea, and I think it was a correct one,
that an assay office brings to the miner all the
benefits, if not more, thata mint brings to liirn,
indeed, that a mint is of no possible benefit to
the miner. It is a benefit to hiin to know the
value of his silver and his gold in bars ; and
when it is assayed and has the stamp of the
assayer upon it, it is worth more to bun in the
market, more to him in the Bank of California,
than so much coin. It is worth more than one
half of one per cent, more to him in bars from
the assay office than it is in coin. As a mat-
ter of merchandise, or for any use to which
he can put it, it is worth more to kits when
assayed merely than when coined.
Mr. SARGliNT. The gentleman's state-
ment is somewhat novel to me, and I wish he
would give his grounds for it.
Mr. I)A. WHS. I will tell the gentleman. It
is because the Bank of California will to-day
pay more for bars of assayed bullion than it
will for coin. The bar is obliged to be carried
to the mint to be coined, and the man who
carries it there is obliged to pay one half of
one per cpnt. to the Government in order to
get it made into coin. That is one thing.
Then it is worth more to him, because when
he ships it abroad ho ean realize more for it
than he can for coin. And the Coin Current,
wliich 1 have at home, if it is not in my desk
here, will bear me out in saying that the bul-
lion when assayed in bars is worth inoro than
so much coin.
Mr. SAH(1 liNT. If it costs something to
convert a bar of bullion into coin, to turn the
unmanufactured product into a manufactured
article, 1 do not see how the unmanufactured
article can be worth more than the manufac-
tured.
Mr. DAWKS. The coin has alloy in it.
Mr. SARGliNT. Most of the metal pro-
duced lias to have the base metal separated
from it. It, is not so pure as coin.
Mr. DAWES. If it is assayed, its actual
value as pure gold or pure silver is stamped
upon it.
Mr. SARGENT. I know that; but that is
not the condition in which it is taken from the
earth, ft is not pure, as mined.
Mr. DAWKS. Certainly not. Now, f say
that an assay office yields to a mining commun-
ity all t.ho benefits that can be derived from a
mint. There is 110 doubt that an assay office at
every point where there is a considerable pro
duction of precious ores is of great benefit to
the people.
lint, sir, Congress decided to continue this
mint. I had the pleasure of visiting it last
summer. It has produced more than two mil-
lion dollars of coin. It is conducted on the
most economical scale possible in that coun-
try. Although it is my belief that there should
not be more than two mints in this country—
one at Philadelphia and the other at San Fran-
cisco—yet Congress has decided otherwise.
A new mint has been established at (Jarson
City. It has been stocked with new machin-
ery, and is in successful operation. It is car-
rying on its work prudently and economically ;
and I am satisfied that the better policy now
is to let it continue, rather than extinguish it,
as is suggested by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Faknswoeth.] Although I opposed in
the outset the establishment of this mint, and
still adhere to the idea that with the exception
of Philadelphia and San Francisco there should
be assay offices instead of mints—that these
two mints should be the only ones in the coun-
try—yet as we have established this mint and
have kept it in operation two years, and as its
business is being conducted economically, I
think it better to continue it. I shall therefore
vote for this appropriation.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, it will
be recollected that two years ago we had be-
fore us the question whether or not we should
discontinue the operations of this mint; that
after a good deal of discussion we decided they
should be continued, and we made an appro-
priation for that purpose. I happened to be
in the State of Nevada during the following
summer, and I visited this mint at Carson
City, taking interest in it more especially be-
cause of the discussion we had had here. I
found that a very excellent building had been
erected by the Government, and erected very
economically; that at very considerable ex-
pense it had been supplied with the most im-
proved machinery known to modern art, for
the purpose of coining. The amount of coin-
ing, as well as the amount of assaying done
there, is very large. Nevada, as is well known,
is simply one great silver mine, producing a
very large proportion of the silver produced
in the world.
The policy of the Government has been to
encourage our mining interests by the estab-
lishment of mints in the neighborhood of the
mines. The mint at Charlotte, in the neigh-
borhood of the gold mines of North Carolina;
the mintat Dahlonega, in the neighborhood of
the gold mines of Georgia, when those mines
were severally in operation, are illustrations of
this policy. To take away from the miners of
Nevada the mint which we have placed there,
and the establishment of which has been a part
of the inducement for them to go there and
develop those mines, would be, it seems to me,
not only bad policy us a matter of legislation,
but also an act of very great injustice. 1 hope,
therefore, that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio will be adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unan-
imous consent that debate be closed on the
pending amendment.
There being 110 objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. DAWES. 1 withdraw my pro forma
amendment to the amendment.
The question recurred 011 the amendment
of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, which was read, as
follows;
Htrike out tho following:
For one watchman to take care of the branch-mint
buildinw at Carson City,Nevada. $1,000; and the act
ontitlcd "An act to establish a branch mint of the
United States 111 tho Territory of N ovada," approved
March 3.1803, is hereby repealed, and tho Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized and directed,
111 his discretion, to transfer said building to such
purposes or uses as uiay bo required by other offioos
ot tlie United States.
And ifisort in lieu thereof the following:
Branch mint. Carson City, Novada:
Kor salaries of superintendent, assayer, melterand
refiner, coiner, and four clerks, $17,900.
For w.'iKiw of woikmon and adjusters, S51,000.
3'or chemicals, charcoal, wood, and incidental
expenses, 417,000.
The amendment was agreed to; there being—
ayes ninety-nine, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Assay Office, Now York:
For salary of superintendent, $4,500; for salary of
assayer, $4,500; for salary of inciter and roliner,
811,000; for salary of assistant assayor, 52,000; for sal-
ary of deputy treasurer, $3,000; for compensation
of clerks, $10,200.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move, in line
six hundred and ninety-two, to strike out
" $3,000" and insert in lieu thereof "§4,500;"
so as to make the salary of the deputy treas-
urer §4,500 instead of $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I move, in line six hun-
dred and ninety-three, after the word " clerks"
where it last occurs, to insert the words "at
the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk i-ead as follows :
Assay Office at Boise City, Idaho :
For salaries of superintendent, assayer, inciter, !
and clerk, £7,400. i
Mr. MERRITT. I move to amend on page
29 by striking out the word "superintendent,"
in line seven hundred and seven, and striking
out "$7,400," in lines seven hundred and
seven and seven hundred and eight, and in-
serting " $6,200," and by adding to the end
of line seven hundred and eight as follows:
The office of superintendent of the assay office at
Boise City is hereby abolished, and the assayer of
said office shall perform the duties of superintend-
ent in addition to the duties of the office of assayer.
'ihe salaries of tho officers of said office shall be as
follows: to the assayer, the sum of $2,400; to the
mefter and refmor, the sum of $2,000; to one clerk,
the sum of $1,800.
Mr. DAWES. I object to that amendment,
and make the point of order, as it changes
existing laws, that it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. In order to permit my
friend from North Carolina to prepare some
facts in reference to the assay office at Char-
lotte, North Carolina, I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to, and the commit-
tee accordingly rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
1060) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1873,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
mail contracts.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Postmas-
ter General, transmitting, in compliance with
resolutions of th^House, information in refer-
ence to mail contracts j which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
kaw indians, kansas.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, asking for an appro-
priation for the Kaw Indians, Kansas; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
apaciie indians.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House, a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, asking for an appropri-
ation of $250,000 required to subsist and care
for the Apache Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
loss of government funds.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, in relation to the loss of Gov-
ernment funds by fire at Fort Buford, Dakota
Territory, in January, 1870; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
sale of arms, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, in relation to sale of arms and
ordnance stores; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Storm
for one week, to Mr. Foster, of Ohio, for
three days, and to Mr. Plait for one week
after to-morrow.
dr. j d hale.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of papers in the case of Dr. J. D. Hale.
13. f. presslhy.
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous consent,
