2370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
by members of Congress. So far as my expe-
rience goes, a member makes three persistent
and determined enemies where he makes one
warm friend, by his recommendations to office.
I believe members of Congress are a great deal
weaker with this patronage, as it is termed,
than they would be without it, inasmuch as an
enemy will labor twice as hard as a friend.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. I move to reduce the
appropriation proposed by the amendment of
the Senate to the sum of $10,000. Last year
we appropriated $10,000 for the salaries of
these commissioners, and that amount will
earry them on to the end of the present fiscal
year. I know that some pretty good offices
were created, and I might be willing that they
should be continued for another year. But
that is as far as I can go. I hope that by the
end of another year they will give us a system
that will secure respect. If the object of this
appropriation is to put in force the rules which
have been devised by these commissioners,
then I want some gentleman to get up and
say that the rules of themselves are wise and
proper in every particular. My friend from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] says that the plans pro-
posed are crude.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Some of them.
Mr. SARGENT. Then let the gentleman
say whether in his judgment he commends the
particular rules upon which I am commenting.
IIe_has not so said.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have not
got them yet. I cannot condcmn them or
commend them.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not know whether
the gentleman has them or not. I know that
they have been published throughout the length
and breadth of the land; they have been printed
in a congressional document. They were put
in force for a time and were then suspended,
the Departments themselves and the President
agreeing with the gentleman from Ohio and
my friend from Nevy York [Mr. Wakejian]
in the conclusion that the regulations %ere
impracticable, and would be a farce if carried
out. I am willing, however, in order that the
gentlemen constituting the civil service board
may search for a proper system, to assent to
an appropriation of $10,000 to pay them for
another year.
But I say that the outcry which goes out
to the people with reference to the corrup-
tions in the administration of General Grant
is fomented by a crowd of blackmailers in the
city of Washington and aroutid this Capitol.
Men concoct lies, and, by means of slauderous
newspapers, bring them to the attention of
Congress; and Congress has been weak enough
to give vitality to those slanders by referiing
them to committees to be investigated. This
Congress may be called a Congress of investi-
gations. In all these investigations there has
been found ill scarcely any instance anything
reflecting upon the honor or integrity of our
departmental officers, or anything showing the
corruption so much declaimed about.
Now, sir, narrow-chested men say to us,
"We must pass this appropriation; we must
make some show of believing in civil service
reform for fear of what they may say of us
at Cincinnati." Sir, 1 take no counsel from
our enemies. I certainly take no counsel
from traitors. The men who desire the dis-
ruption of the Republican party, and who go
to Cincinnati to lay their plans with Demo-
crats in order to concoct some scheme by
which the Republican party may be arrested
in its beneficent mission, are not the men
whose opinions I care for or from whom I
would take counsel.
The administration of General Grant is to
be judged by its great success; by its reduc-
tion of the national debt to the extent of
$300,000,000; by the economy which has pre-
vailed every Department of the Government;
by the removal of men who, under Johnson's
administration, had their hands up to the elbows
in the public Treasury, filching the money
obtained by taxation of the people. The ad-
ministration of General Grant has made itself
illustrious by restoring peace throughout the
South. Every gale that comes from the South
no longer brings to our ears the shrieks of
victims of the Ku Klux, going at night upon the
highways, masked and disguised like cowards
to prey upon defenseless Unionists, white and
black. These things have been suppressed by
the strong arm of the law, and by the fear ot
the military power of the Government. We
have now something far more tolerable than
the condition of things which existed when
this Administration was inaugurated.
if gentlemen want to go before the people
with a cause which shall prevail, I say to them
that this is not to be done by glittering gener-
alities instead of substantial results; it is not
to be done by inscribing on your banner a
mere phrase like " civil service reform." It
is to be done by pointing to the real civil ser-
vice reform which has been wrought in the
Government by this Administration. It is to
be done by pointing to the fact that while
under the administration of Andrew Johnson
the public debt was increasing, the present
Administration, during the first mouth after it
was inaugarated, paid off $500,000 of that
debt, and within three months the reduction
amounted to $14,000,000; and it has been
steadily reduced month after month, until
now the aggregate reduction reaches within a
few dollars of three hundred million. And
this has not been done by means of heavier-
taxation levied on the people. On the con-
trary, we have at each session of Congress
reduced in some way or other the burdens
which were resting upon the shoulders of
the people. We have reduced taxation,
thereby bringing less into the Treasury, but
by our economy more than making up this
deficit, and so reducing the debt. These and
other beneficent measures of this Administra-
tion are the claims of the Republican party
to national confidence. The late elections
show that the people have that confidence.
With such a record neither Democratic foes
nor disappointed, deserting Republicans can
prevail against it.
This, sir, I repeat, is the basis upon which
you must go before the people, and not by
cringing before a convention of traitors at
Cincinnati, and begging them to prescribe the
policy on which a great national party should
go before the country. 1 spit upon any such
idea.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Chairman, I think there
has been introduced into this House two speci-
mens of what we in the West would call hum-
buggery. One proposed to repeal the law au-
thorizing the franking privilege, and the other
is now before the House. I cannot conceive
for a moment why Congress should spend its
time and propose to spend the people's money
to carry out that provision of law which was
originated for a special purpose, and which we
ought not now to attempt to put into force.
The cry and excitement for the abolition of the
franking privilege was got up by a single indi-
vidual for his own purpose. It has gone on until
the excitement has permeated almost every
department of the Government. This thing of
so-called civil service reform was got up in
the interest of a party whose object it was to
embarrass the operations of the present ad-
ministration of the Government. It was forced
on the House in an evil hour at the very close
of the session, when it did not receive the con-
sideration it deserved.
The President in attempting to carry it out
has simply acted in the discharge of his con-
stitutional duty under the law which we care-
lessly passed, and which, as it has turned oat,
we most uuwisely passed. So far as I am con-
cerned, I shall cast my vote for not one dollar
to be paid out of the Treasury of the United
States to carry out a measure which, so far as
we h&ve seen, has nothing to recommend it in
the way of any good to the Governmmt or to
the people, and the only result of which is to
create an expenditure of public money out of
the Treasury with no returning good to any-
body. This excitement has been heedlessly
created, and I, for one, am unwilling to allow
money to be taken out of the Treasury of the
United States to keep up that excitement. I
am opposed to the measure, and shall vote
against the pending amendment of the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman let
me ask him a question?
Mr. SHANKS. I will answer any question
he may ask me.
Mr. RANDALL. Did not General Grant
in his message recommend the civil service
reform for which the present appropriation is
asked ?
Mr. SHANKS. General Grant did not in-
augurate the measure.
Mr. RANDALL. I am not asking that
question.
Mr. SHANKS. I will answer the gentleman's
question if he will be quiet. General Grant
did not inaugurate the measure ; it was inau-
gurated in this House after the public mind,
through the means of the public press and by
publications emanating from this House, had
been filled with excitement in reference to this
subject. The cry was continually reverbeiat-
ing all over the country charging fraud and
corruption, and in this way the law came to
pass through this House. We have recently
-seen that the returning wave of this excitement
settles forever the falsity of all these charges
of falsehood and corruption, and justice
has finally been done iipon the originators
of those charges against the office-s of the
Administration. General Grant merely acted
in accordance with his duty in carrying out
the law enacted by Congress. He did not
originate the measure, but it was originated in
Congress ; and 1 hope we will give it a finishing
blow by refusing to appropriate the money
asked in the amendmeut of the Senate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POTTER. I move to reduce this
amount $8,000 in order merely that I may
ask, Mr. Chairman, what the gentleman from
Indiana means by measures of humbuggery ?
He says that the movement which prevailed
throughout the United States two years ago,
reaching every member of Congress in his
place and in his home, to abolish the frank-
ing privilege, was initiated for the benefit of
an individual. What individual, pray ? Who
set on foot and organized the expression of
that general feeling of the country in respect
of this abuse bat the Postmaster General of
this Government, one of the President's advis-
ers, one of the heads of the Cabinet, and a
chief of the gentleman's own party ? Does the
member from Indiana, upon his responsibility,
in his place here, say that this movement to
abolish the franking privilege was set afoot for
the personal benefit, as I understood him. of
the Postmaster General, and was nothing but
a practical humbug, and not for any good pur-
pose? Assuredly the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Shanes] does know that the frank-
ing privilege does cover abuses. He knows,
too, that it is used not yearly, but weekly and
daily, here and elsewhere, to cover communi-
cations which are not communications in ref-
erence to governmental affairs, and not entitled
by law to go free through the mails. He knows,
too, that the frank has been open to all forms
of abuse, and even to actual and general for-
gery. While, sir, the people of the country are
content to have the communications and mail
matter of the Government pass through the
mails at the expense of the Government, they
are determined, as the gentleman from Indi-
ana must know, if he knows anything of
their disposition, that this abuse of the frank-
ing privilege shall be abolished.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman al-
low me to remind him that the proposition to
