1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4163
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from. California is entitled the floor. If he
surrenders the floor the Chair will recognize
some other Senator.
Mr. COLE. If a vote can be taken I will
yield to the Senator from New York.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator withdraws
his objection, and I hope we shall agree to the
amendment, and then send the bill to a con-
forcncs#
Mr. CONKLING. I do not believe any
vote will be taken in the Senate until I get the
floor after other Senators get done. I will
wait for ever so long, but I am going to settle
one matter with the Senator from Missouri
before anything else is done, if I have the
power to command the floor for that purpose.
I want but a moment, but I do not intend to
be interrupted successfully if I can avoid it.
Mr. BLAIR. I hope the Senator will be
allowed to settle the matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The floor has
been assigned by the Chair to the Senator
from California. If he does not claim it the
Chair will recognize some other Senator.
Mr. COLE. 1 have not been speaking
much, but other Senators have since I was
on the floor. I admit I have not said much
in relation to the bill now before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
must keep addressing the Chair, or other
Senators will speak in his time, and the Chair
cannot prevent it.
Mr. COLE. They are a little more persist-
ent than I am and succeed better than I in
making themselves heard by the Senate. I
have said to the Senators having this bill in
charge, the objection being withdrawn, that
if they can get a vote on it I should be will-
ing to have the appropriation bill laid aside
informally for that purpose, and for that pur-
pose only, and after- that 1 would be quite
willing to yield to the Senator from New York
to say what he has to say for the space of a
few minutes in reply to the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. CONKLING. Have I the floor, Mr.
President?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly, the
Chair recognized the Senator from New York,
which gives him the floor by the rule.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Missouri stated that the steamboat
bill, in addition to other recommendations,
cut out the interest of certain patentees, and
now I quote him: "and for that reason,
among others, certain Senators have objected
to it and prevented its being considered ulti-
mately." I wish to inquire of the Senator
from Missouri whether he intends to allege
that I have objected to the steamboat bill be-
cause it interfered with the rights or interests
of patentees or with'patent rights?
Mr. BLAIR. I repeat, Mr. President, what
I said, and what the Senator quotes me as
saying, that that is one of the reasons, and I
believe the principal reason, why wo cannot
consider that measure so vital to the interests
of this country.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, will the Senator
answer me whether he imputes that reason
to me?
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator has my answer.
If he chooses to assume that  
Mr. NYE. This is a mere personal affair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York is entitled to the floor, but
yields to the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. BLAIR. If he assumes that, I shall
not contradict him. The statement that I
made remains, and I will not withdraw it. 1
reassert that that is the principal reason why
we cannot have the consideration of that bill.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator does not
want to answer my question, I claim the
floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York resumes the floor.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from New York yield to the Senator from
Nevada ?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; I wantthe floor
myself.
Mr. President, I have known the Senator
from Missouri for a good many years, and in
all the rash and indiscreet things that he has
done, I have always found in him a large
measure of personal courage and of personal
fairness, and therefore lam surprised, if he
intended to impute that reason to me, that
he does not frankly avow it. I say to him,
however, being very sorry that there should be
any ground for altercation between him and
me, that if he does mean to impute to me
acting in the interest of any patentee or any
patent right, be means to impute to me that
which is utterly false—false be it said by the
Senator or by anybody else; and 1 authorize
him if anybody has told him that, whoever
he may be, to say to him that he has made
a statement which is not only false in fact,
but which has no shadow or appearance of
truth in it. I have taken occasion to say
several times that when I could have the
opportunity properly to do so, I wished, as
briefly aa 1 might, to draw attention to some
provisions in the steamboat bill which have
nothing to do with patent rights; and therefore
I pronounce the imputation, whoever makes
it, not only false, but false in the face of
the fact that I have disclaimed reference to
patent rights, or to the sections which regard
them.
One other word, Mr. President, and I have
done. I avowed to day my willingness to sup-
port the bill proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania. I shall be very glad to sup-
port it, or any other safe bill in the interest
of steamboats, in behalf of that interest. 1
object to nothing in the steamboat bill so
called, except those things which I believe
have no reference whatever to the welfare of
that interest, but which in their effect must be
dangerous to human life and injurious to the
public interests. I shall be found at all times
cooperating with every Senator who wants to
pass a bill to divorce the steamboat interest
from patent rights or anything else which ought
not to incumber or interfere with it.
Mr. NYE obtained the floor.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. I am afraid of this bill
occupying too much time 
Mr. NYE. I want two or three minutes.
Mr. POMEROY. My suggestion is that we
concur in this amendment,, and then send the
bill to a committee of conference. 1 do not
want to be a member of the committee myself.
Mr. NYE. I am not talking about steam-
boats.
Mr. POMEROY. Neither am I. I am
talking about this bill.
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator from Ne-
vada yield to me for one moment?
Mr. NYE. I will yield for a moment.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, the Senator
from New York can take the benefit of his
denial that he has any interest in obstructing
the steamboat bill because of any patent-rights.
The statement which I made, and which he
repeated to the Senate, was that I believed
that was one of the principal reasons why the
bill was obstructed and its consideration ob-
structed. He sprang to his feet as it I had
made an imputation upon him. No other
Senator on the floor seemed to be so sensi-
tive.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will
pardon me, did he not allude to a particular
Senator, and does it not so happen that I am
the particular Senator who had the consider-
ation of this bill postponed ? I submit to _my
friend that I should have been very dull if I
had not supposed he pointed to me.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator knows that I
objected to the consideration of the bill then
pending, which was a measure brought for-
ward by the Senator from Nevada, alleging
that that Senator had objected to the consid-
eration of a bill far more important, but the
Senator from New York chose to assume that
I alluded to him, and endeavored with his
usual vaporing air to coerce me or to compel
me to take back the observation which I had
the honor to make to the Senate. I declined
to do so, and I declined to do so for the lea-
son 
Mr. NYE. I hope my friend from Missouri
will not take up all my time.
Mr. BLAIR. No, sir; I shall not.
Mr. NYE. I find the only way to get the
attention of the Senate is to get up some per-
sonal controversy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
yields, however, to the Senator from Mis-
souri?
Mr. NYE. I do; but I merely wanted to
say a word on the pending bill myself.
Mr. BLAIR. Now, sir, I do not care at
this time or any other time to be dragooned by
the Senator from New York. In making the
statement I did I made it because I believed
it to be true, and I believe I can show it to be
true, that this bill was obstructed by those who
have an interest in fastening upon this great
interest of the country certain patent-rights.
And when the Senator desired to know of me,
in a pointed manner, whether in that I alluded
to him, I declined to say whether I did or not.
Now, he may take the benefit of denying that
he is instigated by that motive, and he may
clear his skirts as may seem best to him.
Mr. NYE. I want to say a word or two
upon the bill under consideration, and I hope
the Senate will give me their attention. The
bill submitted from the Committee on Public
Lands is a bill of great importance to almost
one half of the service of this country. At
the present session of Congress we have put
quite in the distance the day when these Ter-
ritories, now so rich and growiug rapidly
richer, can be admitted as States into this
Union, by fixing the ratio of representation
at one hundred and forty thousand ; and at the
same time I recall to the minds of Senators
that our population is so different and so varied
from the eastern population that when we cast
a vote of ten thousand in a Territory it is equal
to a population of fitly thousand in a State, I
shall attract the attention of the Senate while
I appeal for their immediate necessities. Take
the Territory of Montana, or Idaho, or Utah,
which to-day equal in wealth many of the
States of this Union, and put them in the line
of the progress of the States in railroads, and
calculate the wealth that is flowing into these
Territories from almost every quarter, not only
our own but distant lands. 1 trust I shall not
appeal in vain to the Senate of the United
States for a single moment for that consider-
ation which is due to enterprise and energy in
these Territories. What we want there is
simply the right to construct railroads, and to
construct such, and such only, as the immediate
necessities of the hour and the time demand
across the public domain. And when I recall
to mind the fact that much of that domain is
useless for any other purpose, I shall not shock
the sense of the Senate of the United States
if I ask them to consider this leniently.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state* to the Senator from Nevada, that his five
minutes have now expired.
Mr. NYE. I have just got to the interest-
ing point.
'Ilie VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
yielded a portion of his time to the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. N Y'B. I think my friend from Califor-
nia ought to sympathize with this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Missouri withdrew his objection.
Mr. NYE. I shall subject myself to my
master in this, the chairman of the committee.
He says " take the vote."
