1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
52T
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Defense of President Grant—Mr. Logan.
Senate.
the rest of his life. They did it because they
were actuated by generous feelings toward him,
because they were loyal men, because they loved
their country. Their country had been saved,
their property had been saved, and they were
willing to contribute to the benefit of this man.
They did so- In contributing to him they con-
tributed to many others, as was said by the
Senator from Wisconsin. General Sherman
and other generals that I could mention they
contributed to because of their gratefulness
to them for the service they had rendered the
country. These contributions were made to
him when he was a soldier; they were made to
him when he was not President; they were
given to him, and given to him with good feel-
ing, a generous feeling, a feeling of kindness
without any hesitancy on the part of the peo-
ple who gave them, without the expectation
of any remuneration, or any reward that would
be given to them by the President of the Uni-
ted States.
When General Sherman and General Grant
received presents, men, women, and children
all over the land thanked God that some
persons were able to make them presents, be-
cause of the fact that they deserved it, the
people being a grateful people. Let me read
in reference to some other soldiers and great
men who have received presents, and why?
Because of the gratefulness of their country to
them:
"When the Duke of Wellington returned to Eng-
land from his victorious campaigns against Napo-
leon, not only were honors of every sort heaped
upon him by the Government, but as a substantial
testimonial of national gratitude the mansion and
estate of Strathfieldsaye, in Hampshire, were pur-
chased for him by subscription at a cost of ±,263,000,
(or $1,315,000.) and presented to him as the gut ol the
After a good many years of active and strenuous
agitation, Mr. Richard Cobden. the founder of the
British Anti-Corn Law League, and one of the
ablest and purest of British statesmen, whose lame
is as broad as the world, succeeded in securing the
repeal of the corn laws. In gratitude for their
deliverance, through his efforts, from this great bur-
den, his friends and admirers presented Mr. Oobden
with the sum of $350,000 raised by subscription, on
the receipt of whioh he retired from his business of
cotton printing.
" When Genoral George B. McCiellan was retired
from the command of tlio army of the Potomac
after the disasters inflicted upon it by hii bad gen-
eralship, his wealthy Democratic friends, desirous ot
salving his wounded feelings with a substantial evi-
dence of their approciation of his inestimable suc-
cess with the spado, made him a present of a lur-
nished house in New York whu!h cost $50,000, and
a considerable amount of greenbacks besides, all
raised by private subscription, and soon afterward
made him the Democratic candidate for President.
"If Genoral McCiellan, who had never won a
battle of any consequence, and who had led our
finest army to a succession of terrible defeats, was
thought worthy of so substantial a recognition ot
his military services by his Democratic friends, it
could hardly be expected that Republicans should
show a less grateful appreciation ot the services ot
the most successful of our generals who led our
armies, East and West, through along succession ot
splendid and decisive victories. Accordingly when
General Grant had smitten down the rebel power
east and west of the AHeghanies by his tremendous
and unerring blows, the sum of $100,000, we believe,
was raised by subscription among loyal and wealthy
citizens and presented to him as a testimonial ot
their and the nation's gratitude; and, if we remem-
ber rightly, a house was presented to him by rhila-
delphians. This was in the summer of 1865, a few
months after the surrender of Lee and Johnston,
■when General Grant had no more thought of ever
being President of the United States than of being
emperor of Bussia. He had, to his honor be it said,
returned from his conquest of the rebel South,
crowned with the laurels of a hundred victories, no
richer for the war which enriched so many Army
contractors and commissaries than when, four years
before, he had gone from his Galena tannery to offer
his services to Governor Yates."
I might go on and enumerate quite a num-
ber of men, who have received gifts because
of the gratitude of the people of their country
for that which they had done. _ In fact, if we
were to search the pages of ancient history for
the purpose of finding proofs, as the Senator
did for the purpose of finding something objec-
tionable to apply to General Grant, we would
find that those who came home victorious re-
ceived triumphs. It has been from time im-
memorial the case that men who achieved great
things in war were received triumphantly by
their people, some with gifts and presents,
some in one way and some in another; and yet
because the custom of the ancient world fol-
lowed down to the present day in the instance
of President Grant, it is brought against him
here as a charge to show that he has used it as
a consideration by giving office to persons who
were not entitled thereto, and therefore should
not be again elected. Sir, you must show
something more than the acquiescence in cus-
toms to turn this country against its greatest
preserver among men.
Let me call the attention of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the fact, that on our statute-
books to-day, we find the law that where naval
officers capture prizes they are entitled to a
division of the prizes. Why? To encourage the
Navy to capture prizes and be vigilant. Even
here you make presents to naval officers by
statute law, for doing what ? Just for perform-
ing their auty and nothing more. But inas-
much as President Grant performed his duty
without prize-money, when he came home and
the people bestowed upon him that which you
bestow by law on naval officers, the eloquent
Senator from Massachusetts arises in his place
and charges corruption. How easy it is, sir,
for us to find fault with others whom the peo-
ple honor, lest we may never be.placed in a
position to be so highly favored ourselves.
After discussing the question of gift-taking
he says that Mr. Stewart, of New York, was
appointed Secretary of the Treasury, and he
uses that for the purpose of showing the ignor-
ance of President Grant. He says that Presi-
dent Grant appointed Mr. Stewart; he does
not say it was because Mr. Stewart had made
him a present, but that is the inference from
his language, and at the same time he inti-
mates the ignorance of the President to be so
great that he did not know that an importing
merchant could not be collector of the port
of New Yoik or Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, I venture the assertion, and I think I
can prove it from the record, that the Senator's
ignorance was so great at the same time that
he did not know it was the law. Mr. Lincoln
once tendered the appointment to an importing
merchant of collector of New York, without
a knowledge of the law, and the merchant
declined. It was an old statute unknown to
any one almost, unthought of for years. Mr.
Stewart's name was sent to the Senate Cham-
ber, and in the message withdrawing the name
of Mr. Stewart the President said, after men-
tioning the statute:
" In view of these provisions and the fact that Mr.
Stewart has been unanimously confirmed by the
Senate, I withdraw his namo."
In view of what? In view of the fact that
this statute exists, and what other fact? The
fact that he has been unanimously confirmed 1
Tell me how could he be unanimously con-
firmed in this Senate if there was a man in the
Senate who knew that law existed at that time.
It was not ignorance on the part of President
Grant any more than it was on the part of the
Senator from Massachusetts,'who voted for his
confirmation with that statute on our books.
Yet be brings this forward as a fact to prove
the ignorance of President Grant that he did
not know that the law existed. We are all
very wise after finding out something. If we
only find out that which others did not know
before, we are very anxious to tell the world
of our great discovery, and when it was ascer-
tained. The Senator did not tell the Senate
that he found £nd discovered this statute. It
is a wonder he did not say "I arose and ob-
jected at the time, because it was in violation
of law." He did not say that ; bat the statute
was discovered by a clerk in the Treasury
Department, and not by the Senator from
Massachusetts or any other Senator. Yet the
Senator from Massachusetts has achieved a
great victory over President Grant in proving
him to be ignorant of a statute that he knew
nothing about himself!
The next thing the Senator finds is "the
military secretaries." I shall not discuss that
It was discussed by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin more ably than I can do it myself. The
statement of the Senator from Massachusetts,
however, in reference to the precedent is
untrue. He says there was no precedent for
it, .when the fact is the precedent did exist
when the President entered the White House.
Whether it be right or wrong, is a question on
which I do not now propose to detain the
Senate.
The next suggestion of the Senator is, that
President Grant quarrels with every one.
This was discussed ably by the Senator from
Wisconsin, and I have only a word or two by
way of suggestion in reference to that propo-
sition of the Senator from Massachusetts.
General Grant, he says, is quarrelsome. He
says he has quarreled with every one—with
Senators, with Congressmen, with Cabinet
officers, with foreign ministers, and has got
everything in a muddle, and then, as was so
well said by the Senator from Wisconsin, he
adds to it the eleventh commandment, without
knowing that the eleventh commandment was
uttered years ago in Pennsylvania by a Penn-
sylvania stump orator, and the Senator from
Massachusetts only took an old stump speech
and changed it a little; and then he did not
quote it correctly. He tried to apply it to the
President. Now, I will tell the Senator what
that eleventh commandment was. It was not
"the President shall never quarrel," as he
states it; it was this: "fret not thy gizzard
about thy neighbor's business." [Laughter.]
With whom has President Grant quarreled?
I do not know. He may have quarreled with
the Senator; but if he has, the speeches which
the Senator has made here frequently against
President Grant disprove that fact; for he has
always complained that he never could get the
President to talk to him about anything.
I know that President Grant is not a quarel-
some man. If he dislikes you he has nothing
to do with you, but he does not quarrel. In
the Army, if an officer did not perform his duty
he merely sent him a little order relieving him
from duty, and you have never heard General
Grant lisp the reason, up to this day why he
relieved an officer in the Army, and it you will
go and ask him now why he relieved many
officers during the war, he will not tell jou.
He did it because he thought they had failed
to perform their duty, but the reason he did
not give, because perhaps he thought others
might not see the fault a3 he did, and if he was
mistaken he would let it work itself out without
trying to injure the party any worse than by
simply relieving him. This was his mode ot
doing business in the Army. I believe it is his
manner to-day. If you dislike him and Jet him
know it, that is enough, you hear nothing from
him. If he dislikes you it is the same thing
precisely, but he quarrels with no one. But
the Senator says he is the great quarreler or
the age; always quarreling; has everything m
a muddle; everything is disturbed. Inen he
concludes by saying that his quarrelsome nature
and disposition have got us into a^muddle wu«
every nation growing out of his ignorance ot
international law. Well, I admit I am ignorant
of international law, and I have never seen but
one man in my life that was not in his own
estimation, and that was the Senator from.
Massachusetts. I said a few days ago that J.
undertook to study international law once. _ 1
did study it—at least I thought I was studying
it. When I got through I fouud I had either
not studied it well or by studying it I had
learned but little. We frequently receive lee-
