528
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
Senate.
Defense of President Grant—Mr. Logan.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
tures on the subject; and in fact all sit down
quietly and allow the Senator from Massachu-
setts to tell us what international law is and
let us see what we have gained by it.
The Senator says we are in a muddle with
Cuba; we are in a muddle with Sj>ain ; we are
in a muddle with Kussia; we are in a muddle
with England. What muddle are we in with
Cuba? None whatever, to my knowledge. A
few of us were in favor of recognizing Cuban
belligerency two years ago, and he opposed
and defeated it. I have heard of no muddle
with Cuba. What muddle are we in with
Spain ? I know of none. Does any one here
know of any muddle we are in with Spain ? I
know of no complications ; I know of no un-
kind feeling. I understand there are a few
officers of the navy of Spain, probably, in
Cuban waters, who are a little ambitious and
would like to get up a fight with somebody,
but they have made no demonstrations on us,
and we have made none on them. What mud-
dle are we in with Russia? The Senator says
we are in a muddle with- Russia ; what is it?
There was a gentleman by the name of Cata-
cazy who was over here, whom we did not like
very much, and we sent him home, and I think
the czar of Russia was very well pleased when
we did it. I have heard of no complaint. He
banished him from his dominions, satisfied
with what we had done ; and all the muddle
we have had with Russia is that the czar sent
his son, the Grand Duke Alexis, over here,
and we treated him kindly, and they thanked
us for it. Russia and the United States have
always been friends, and are friends to-day.
But he says we are in a muddle with Eng-
land. What muddle are we in with England?
I do not know that we are; but if we are in
a muddle with England to-day, I charge that
the Senator from Massachusetts is responsible
for it. The Senator from Massachusetts, in a
speech for which the closed doors of the Sen-
ate were unbarred to let his voice be heard
throughout the country, stated the proposition
that has caused the difference, if any exists,
between England and the United States of
America. So that if we are in a muddle with
Great Britain who is responsible for it? No
one more so than the Senator from Massachu-
setts. No one could be more so, because no
one was more able or understood the ques-
tion better than he did at the time he pre-
sented it, or as he then pretended to understand
it, and being chairman, of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and regarded as the organ
of the Senate in reference to that question, he
made the proposition belore the country ; the
Senate accepted it; the country accepted it,
and on the acceptance of that proposition the
question has arisen between England and the
United States.
Mr. President, the speech.of the Senator
from Massachusetts presented to the country
at this particular time is a very signiticant
fact. I wish to call his attention to one point
in it, but this suggestion I wish to make in
order to show him how fatal to himself this
speech may be.
He says that at the time he approached
Secretary Stanton on his dying bed, and the
Secretary repeated to him the reasons why he
had no faith in General Grant's ability to
administer the Government, he said to the
Secretary, "It is too late; why did you not
say this sooner?" I repeat the same thing to
Senator Sumner. Your speech, to perform
the office you intended it, came too late.
Hence I am led to the conclusion that it was
not intended to perform the office which he
says it was intended, but it was to perform a
very different office from that which he inti-
mates he intended it should perform ; that is
to say, to advise the American people that
Piesiclent Grant was not qualified to exercise
the functions of that office, and hence ought
to Be supplanted by some one else at Philadel-
phia. No, sir, if that was the object it comes
too late. That being so, I have come to the
conclusion that a man of so much wisdom
and of so many pretensions as the Senator
from Massachusetts had a very different in-
tention.
Sir, his intention was to strangle and destroy
the Republican party, that party which he says
he created. If he did, I say to him he per-
formed a great work. If he was the architect
and builder of the Republican party, he is a
great masterworkman—its dome so beautifully
rounded, its columns so admirably chiseled, and
all its parts so admirably prepared, and builded
together so smoothly and so perfectly that the
mechanism charms the eye of every one who
has ever seen it! Since the Senator has per-
formed such a great work, I appeal to him
to know why it is that he attempts to destroy
the workmanship of his own hands ? But let
me give him one word of advice. While he
may think, Samson-like, that he has the
strength to carry off the gates and the pillars
of the temple, let me tell him when he
stretches forth his arm to cause the pillars to
reel and totter beneath this fabric, there are
thousands and thousands of true-hearted Re-
publicans who will-come up to the work, and
stretching forth their strong right arms, say,
" Stay thou there; these pillars stand beneath
this mighty fabric of ours, within which we all
dwell; it is the ark of our safety and shall not
be destroyed." [Manifestations of applause
in the galleries.]
Now, Mr. President, let me call attention
to the strange statement of the Senator in re-
gard to Secretary Stanton's dying declaration
about General Grant. I quote the Senator's
words:
"On reaching Washington at the opening of Con-
gress in December, 1869, i was pained to hear that
Mr. Stanton, lately Secretary of War, was in fail-
ing health. Full of gratitude for his unsurpassed
serviees, and with a sentiment of friendship quick-
ened by common political sympathies, I lost no
time in seeing him, and repeated my visits until his
death, toward the close of the same month. My
last visit was marked by a communication never to
be forgotten, As I entered his bedroom, where I
found him reclining on a sofa, propped by pillows,
ho reached out his hand, already clammy cold, and
in reply to my inquiry, " Iiow are you ?'answered,
' VV aiting for uiy furlough.' Then at once with sin-
gular solemnity he said, 'X have something to say
to you.' When I was seated ho proceeded without
one word of introduction: 'I know General Grant
better than any other person in the country can
know him. It was my duty to study him, and I did
so night andday, when I saw him and when I did
not see him, and now I tell you what I know, he
cannot govern this country.'
"The intensity of his manner and the positire-
ness of his judgment surprised me. for though I was
aware that the late Secretary of War did not place
the President very high in general capacity, I was
not prepared for a judgment so strongly couched.
At last, after some delay, occupied in meditating his
remarkable words. I observed, 'What you say
13 very broad.' 'It is as true as it is broad,' he
replied promptly. I added, 'You are tardy; you
tell this late; why did you not say it before his nom-
ination? lie answered that he was not consulted
ahout the nomination, and had no opportunity of
expressing his opinion upon it, besides being much
occupied at the time by his duties as Secretary of
War and his contest with the President. I followed
by saying, But you took part in the presidential
election, and made a succession of speeches for him
in Ohio and Pennsylvania.' 'I spoke,' said he,
but I never introduced the name of General Grant,
i spoke for the Republican party and the Repub-
lican cause.' This was the last time I saw Mr.
btanton. A few day3 later I followed him to the
grave where he now rests."
There is the statement of the Senator from
Massachusetts ; and, sir, I am constrained to
say that the statement cannot be true. I have
the record here to prove its falsity. I will in
a moment read the evidence, and let the
country judge between the living and the dead.
Mr. President, Secretary Stantop, in myjudg-
ment, never made that statement. I will not
drag forth the dead from their silent graves
into the presence of this Senate to make them
bear witness to my statements. I was with
Secretary Stanton night after night, in com-
pany with General Chiptnan of this city,
waiting at the Secretary's office and watching
there, too, during a certain time which you
all remember well. I remember conversation
after conversation that we had, but I will not
repeat them. I will give only such testimony
as can be brought forward and as I have now.
But as the Senator from Massachusetts stated
that Secretary Stanton told him he never in-
troduced the name of General Grant during
the campaign of 1868,1 have before me all the
speeches that were made by Secretary Stanton
during that presidential campaign, three in
Ohio and one in Pennsylvania, all printed in
full. I will read that portion of the first one
which has reference to General Grant.
Mr. CONKLING. From which speech is
the Senator going to read ?
Mr. LOGAN. The speech made at Cleve-
land, Ohio, on the 3d of October, 1868. I will
read the fourth paragraph of the speech. After
speaking of the great victories of the war,
Secretary Stanton said:
" Let him bear in mind his safety he owes to Grant;
that it is an honor to himself to support Grant, the
General who held the banner of the nation illustrious
before all others-, and while kinsfolk gather around,
and he tells of the mighty and wonderful things
done in this land, how will he be able to whisper
above his breath, lest his neighborsaskhim, did you
vote for Grant? Have you done your duty ? Does
the Irishman, in a ease of foreign war, wish to be
seized by a British officer, and pressed into the army
of Great Britain ? Then let him not desert that flag
which is tho omblem of national existence, but up-
hold the banner, so that it will be, whenever it is
visible, a shield and salvation to the citizen in every
nation and clime."
That was the language of Secretary Stanton
in reference to President Grant on the 3d of
October, 1868, in the city of Cleveland, Ohio.
Did he mention Grant's name in that speech?
The Senator from Massachusetts says Secre-
tary Stanton said to him, " I never mentioned
his name." Let me call the attention of the
Senate to another one of his speeches made at
the City Hall in Philadelphia, in which the fol-
lowing language was used:
" Suppose the charges all to be true, what argu-
ment do they afford against Grant or in favor of
Seymour?"
He was speaking of the charges of the mis-
management of the finances of the country.
" If delivered, as his speeches seem to have been
prepared, for the State elections, when Congressmen
were to have been chosen, they might have had some
pertinency to the occasion, and may yet have in
New York; but Grant has had as little to do with
the financial mistakes of the Republican party as he
had with the earthquakes in South America. If
those mistakes were made during the war, Grant
was at the head of the Army in front of the'foe."
Again, in the same speech he said:
" Now, before General Grant can be held respons-
ible for the price of pork and corn, Governor Sey-
mourshould have_explained how much moie tho
farmers would get if he was elected President than
if Grant was elected."
He uses General Gi'ant's name in that con-
nection. Then again, in the same speech, he
said:
" In accepting the Republican nomination Gen-
eral Grant imposed but one condition, ' Let there
be peaoe,' and any one who has seen his eye flash in
the midst of danger knows that having said'peace,'
by the aid of divine Providence, so far as rests in
human power, we may rely upon him that if he be
elected there will be peaoe."
That was the language of Secretary Stanton
on that occasion, at a meeting held in the
Academy of Music, in Philadelphia. Again,
in the same speecB, he uttered tho following :
"This mighty concourse, the largest that my eyes
ever beheld, is significant of two things: firht, it is
a judgment in favor .of Ulysses S. Grant, [cheers;!
arm second, it is a judgment against Horatio Sey-
mour."
Again, in the same speech, he said :
"Upon tho election next Tuesday, the 3d of No-
vember, I beaold the rook of our national safety,
ana upon the triumph of the banner which is held
m the hands of Ulysses S.Grant I behold the vic-
tory of the principles uf Ireedom and of just gov-
ernment, now and in all time. [Applause.]"
That was the language of Edwin AT. Stanton
