3268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
The VICE PRESIDENT. And subject to
further debate or amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But if we vote down
this amendment that leaves the amnesty bill
before us just as it passed the House of Rep-
l*AQAntfl tl VTAQ
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, Mr. President, and
I understand that if we vote in favor of this
amendment we vote amnesty to the disabled
traitors and equal rights to the colored men ;
they go hand in hand together. So we all
understand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to reply to that,
that this term " equal rights" has been bandied
about by the Senator from Vermont and the
Senator from Massachusetts till perhaps they
believe there is some such question in the
bill. I have put the question to the Senator
from Massachusetts, to tell me wherein the
right of the colored man and the right of the
white mail was different in traveling or at a
hotel, and he cannot do it, and he does not
pretend to do it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have pretended to do it,
and have done it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has not done it, and
he cannot do it. 1 say that the colored man's
right to travel is the same as that of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and his right to be
entertained is the same; and I challenge the
Senator liere and now to tell me, if lie can,
any right that a white man has got to travel on
a car or to be entertained at a hotel that a
colored man has not. lie cannot do it.
Mr. SUMNKR. Yes: hut the Senator 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts will please suspend one
moment. The Senate have heard I he colloquy
between the Senator from Vermont on the one
side and the Senator from Illinois on the
other, and the Chair, therefore, may be in-
dulged in saying I hat by the agreement of yes-
terday, unless home Senator moves an amend-
ment, the vote must now be taken, because
there were to be five-minute speeches on amend-
ments. That was the express ruling; it was
so ruled by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Caiu'untkr,] occupying the chair at three
o'clock. The Senator from Massachusetts is
now entitled to the floor ; but an amendment
must be moved before debate can proceed
under the order, unless the Senate sees lit
to suspend I ho rule.
Mr. SUMNER, i have nothing to say,
then.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let. us give the Senator
from Illinois the benefit of his speech.
The VICE P1MCSI DENT. The Secretary
will call the roll upon agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts as
amended by the Senate, as a substitute for the
original House bill.
'i lie Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BAYAIJf). On tins subject 1 am paired
with the Senator from Ohio, f Air. Siiurman.]
If he were here he would vote in favor of this
amendment, and I should vote against it.
The rcsultwas announced—yeas 27, nays li8;
as follows:
YUAS — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Conkling, Oorbett,
Kdmunds, Ferry of Mieliisan, Klanngan, Gilbert,
Harlan, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill ot Vermont, Mor-
ton, Osborn, I'omeroy, Pool, Ramsey, ltiee, Spencer,
Sumner. West, Wilson, and Window—27.
NAYS— Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Carpenter,
Casserly, Cooper, Cragin, tlavis of West Virginia,
lenton. l'crry ot Connecticut. Goldthwaito, Hamil-
ton oi Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Hifoh-
cock. Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Norwood, Pratt,
Saulsburv, Scott, Spraguc, Stevenson, Stewart,
lipton. Immbull. Viekors, and Wright—2S.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bavard, Blair, Brownlow,
Chandler, Cole, t).ivisot Kentucky, Frelinghuysen,
Hamlin, Lewi.',, Morrill ot Maine, Nye, Patterson,
Itansom, Kobortson, Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman,
Stockton, and Thuimau—l'j.
The amendment, as amended, was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move what is known
as the civil rights bill as amended, as an addi-.
tion to the pending bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is just what,we.
have voted upou.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. It is a very
different proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a spe-
cific declaration in the rules that a motion to
strike out and insert being rejected, as has
been the case in the present instance, shall
not preclude a succeeding motion to add or
to strike out separately. This is a motion to
insert. The Senator from Massachusetts now
moves to add to the amnesty hill the five sec-
tions known as the civil rights bill as they were
just now amended by the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise to apoint of order.
It is a thing I very rarely do. Perhaps I ought
not to do it now, but the result will show. Is
it in order for the Senator, after having moved
his bill as a substitute and having failed on
that motion, now to offer it as an amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The previous
motion was a motion to strike out and insert,
which is of the highest character of amend-
ment. That has been disagreed to. It is now
in order for any Senator to move to add to the
amnesty bill any section which would be in
order under the law of this body, one section,
two sections, three sections or five sections,
but not the particular amendment which has
been rejected. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts to add to
the amnesty bill the live sections known as the
civil lighta bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I must have misunder-
stood then the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts. 1 supposed he offered those
sections with the amendments which had been
put on in committee.
Mr. SUMNER. No ; I mean with the verbal
emendations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not the
point of the Senator from California. The
Senator supposed that the Senator from Mas
sachusetts offered exactly the same proposi-
tion which bad been rejected just now.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all—my original
civil rights bill.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts, instead of moving to
strike out and insert, has now moved to add
to the amnesty bdl the live sections known as
the civil rights bill.
Mr. CAMERON, (atsix o'elockand twenty
five minutes p. in.) I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
fI he VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to debate
this question at all. I merely wish to make
an inquiry of' the Chair, that I may understand
what 1 am voting for or against. I understand
the bill of the House to be now before us, and
with an amendment proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts, to add to that the pro-
visions for civil rights—if I may say that with-
out offense to the Senator from Illinois, who
is very touchy on that subject—as those pro-
visions have been modified and perfected by
the nrevious action of the Senate on the other
question. That is the qucstiou as I under-
stand.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair will
state that he speaks of these measures as " civil
rights" and "amnesty" only in accordance
with the nomenclature in use in the Senate,
(without saying whether they involve those ideas
or not,) to save circumlocution. The Senate
have refused to strike out the House amnesty
bill and insert the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, as amended. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts now moves to add to
the amnesty bill, so that if agreed to it shall go
to the House as an amendment, the five sec-
tions popularly known as the civil rights bill.
Mr. BOREMAN. I wish to know in what
form these five sections are proposed, whether
they have the verbal amendments agreed to
before.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As amended by
the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to state that on
this question I am paired with the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] If he were
present I should vote " nay," and he would vote
"yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 28 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham
Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Conkling, Corbett'
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert'
llarlan, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Kiee, Spencer
Sumner, West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—28.
KAYS—Messrs. Alcorn. Boreman, Carpenter, Cas-
seriy, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of West Virginia, Jen-
ton. Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, IIill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Norwood, Pratt'
Saulsbury, Scott, Spiague, Stevenson,Stewart, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, and Viokeis—28.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Brownlow,
Chandler, Cole, Davis of Kentucky, Erelinghuyson!
Hamlin, Morriil oi Maine, Nye, Patterson, Ransom!
Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz. Sherman. Stockton, and
Thurman—18.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon agreeing
to the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, to add the five sections known as
the civil rights bill to the House amnesty bill,
the yeas are 28, and the nays are 28. The
Chair votes in the affirmative, and the amend-
ment is agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. MORTON. I now move to amend the
second section of the amnesty bill by inserting
the amendment which 1 send to the Chair.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion will be on concurring in the amendment
reported from the Committee of the Whole to
the House amnesty bill. Afterward the Senator
from Indiana will have an opportunity to move
to amend that. The first question is on con-
curring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who would
vote ''yea" if present, and I should vote "nay."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. On this ques-
tion 1 am paired with the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cameron.] If he were pres-
ent he would vote in the affirmative, and I
should vote in the negative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Clayton, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Harlan,
Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Osborn, Pomorov. Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Spencer,
Sumner, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—27.
NAYS —Mes sis. Alcorn, boieraan, Carpenter,
C.ibscrly, Cooper, Davis of W# st Virginia, Fenton,
Jerry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland.IIill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Logan,
isoiwood, Piatt, Saulsbury, Seott, Spraguc, Steven-
son. Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—25.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Brownlow,
Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Cragin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Prclinghuy.sen, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Morrill ot Maine, Nye, Patterson, Ransom. Robert-
son. Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman, Stockton, Thurman,
and "West—22.
So the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. MORTON. I now move to amend the
second section ol'the amnesty bill by inserting
after the word "same," in line'six :
That he is not, and has not been at any time
within two years pi eceding the passage of this act,
a member of either of the organizations commonly
known by the names of the " Invisible Empire of
America," the "White Brotherhood," or the " Con-
stitutional Union Guard," respectively, nor of any
branch of the organization commonly known as the
Ku Klux Klan."
So that if amended the section will read:
That before any person shall be entitled to the
benelit of this act, he shall, within the district where
he i eaidcs, before a clerk of some court of the United
States, or a United States commissioner, take and
subscribe an oath or affirmation to support the Gon-
