380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
United States, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Mines and Mining.
importation of machinery.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Kel-
logg, Mr. Sherman, and Mr. Goldthwaitk
as the committee of conference 011 the part
of the Senate 011 the bill (H. R. No. 10G2) to
admit certain machinery imported from foreign
countries free of duty.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of War, subrent-
ing a proposition for the reduction of the limits
of the military reservation at Fort Stanton,
New Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
petitions and mkmokials.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of South Carolina,
in favor of the passage of the supplementary
civil rights bill; which were ordered to lie ou
the table.
Mr. BOREMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Wheeling, West Virginia, praying the
enactment of a law for the equalization of sol-
diers' bounties; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCO FT. I present the remonstrance
of Samuel Hutchinson and one hundred and
thirty-six others employed in J. & J. Dobson's
iron-mills, Falls of Schuylkill, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, against a change in the tariff
laws abating duties on articles successfully
produced in this country, and praying the
repeal of all duties on tea ami coffee and
such other articles as cannot be produced in
the United States, &e. I also present, a simi-
lar remonstrance from workmen in chemical
establishments, iron-works, mechanical estab-
lishments of hosiery. and carpets, and railroad
equipments in Philadelphia, and several estab-
lishments of the same character in Alleghany
county, one from Montgomery county, another
from Carbon county, and another from North-
ampton county, all in Pennsylvania. 1 move
the 1 etc renins of these remonstrances to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I have the honor to present
concurrent resolutions of the General Assem-
bly of the Stale of South Carolina, instructing
the Senators aitd requesting the Representa-
tives in Congress from that State, to earnestly
•support the passage of the supplementary civil
rights bill, so called. It is well known that 1
am in favor of that measure when properly
presented, and do not need the instructions
tor that purpose. 1 move that the resolutions
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented two petitions
of citizens of western Nebraska, praying the
location of a land office at the town of' North
Platte ; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Nebraska, praying that a land office be located
at Red Cloud : which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. CRAG IN presented the petition of
Philip Chamberlain, of Milford, New Hamp-
shire, praying to be allowed a pension for
services in the war of 1812; which was re-
ferred to the Committee oil Pensions.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present, the
memorial of a number of manufacturers of
cast steel, remonstrating against, the repeal or
reduction of the duty on cast steel; and in pre-
senting this memorial I desire to say one word.
The manufacture of cast steel had its origin,
• and it was never safely conducted until about
1801. Three causes, then, brought it into ex-
istence: the protecting tariff, the premium on
gold, and the v>ur demand. Now the product
111 this country amounts to many millions,
and my own constituents are very largely in-
terested in it. The English s ll only in gold.
The reduction in the premium on gold has
reduced the price of east steel from twenty-
two or twenty-three cents a pound, to from
ten to ten and a half cents a pound. The cost
price has somewhat reduced, but not in pro-
portion at all to the selling price. Let another
step be made in that direction, and the cost
price and the selling price become the same,
and yet gold has nine per cent, to fall.
Now, to reduce the tariff at this time ten per
cent, on that article will just induce these man-
ufacturers who have been expending all their
profits for the last ten years in extending their
business, to curtail their manufactories and
prepare to abandon the business; and let this
country cease to manufacture cast-steel and
the consumer is cast upon the English manu-
facturer, who will thus have a monopoly of
the market, and may make the consumer pay
what price he pleases, while if this industry—
and this is the only remark I have to make—
is fostered in this country, there will grow up
a healthy competition between our home man-
ufacturers. securing a reasonable price to the
consumer. I trust that the tariff in this regard
will not be reduced. And besides that, sir,
by fostering this industry we secure to the
country a blessing far greater than any polit-
ical economy can estimate of a remunerative
industry. I move the reference of the memo-
rial to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of W.
A. Smith, of Johnson county, North Carolina,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political 1 Usabilities.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of col-
ored citizens of Boston, asking lor the passage
of the supplementary civil rights bill. It seems
thai even in Boston they feel the necessity of
that act. 1 move that this petition lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr SUMNER presented a petition of col-
ored citizens of Danville, Cumberland county,
Pennsylvania, playing the passage of the sup-
plementary civil riglns bill; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
lie also presented a petition of John C.
Bowers and fiti.y others of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, praying the passage of the supple
uienlary civil rights bill ; which was ordered
to lie 011 the tabic.
He also presented a petition of W. A. Addi-
son and tifiy others of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, praying the passage of the supple-
mentary civil rigbts bill; which was ordered
to lie 011 Ihe table.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present an address
and resolutions, in the nature of a petilion
addressed to the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ill Congress assembled, adopted by
the professors and students of Howard Uni-
versity. I have already had occasiou in debate
to call attention to this remarkable address.
Now, for the first lime, I receive it in authen-
tic form as a petition addressed to Congress.
They plead most earnestly and eloquently for
the passage of the pending supplementary civil
rights bill, and especially for its association
with amnesty. They_ say that " it' in seeking
to accomplish this, amnesty to rebels must
fail, then let it fail, as it deserves to tad." I
move that this paper lie 011 the table with the
rest.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 also present a petition
from students of the Divinity School of Har-
vard University, in which thoy earnestly pray
Congress to dismiss all petitions asking the
adoption of measures for amending the Con-
stitution of the United Slates by incorporating
into it a recognition of God as the source of
all authority and power in civil government,
and of the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler
among the nations, and His revealed will as
of supreme authority. They say in conclu-
sion, "we protest against such proposed amend-
ment as an attempt t,o overthrow the great
principles of complete religious liberty, and
the complete separation of Church and State,
on which the Constitution was established by
its original founders." I move the reference
of this petition to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. C0NKLING-. I present petitions signed
by many importers and wholesale dealers in
wines and liquors, distillers, and rectifiers,
doing business in the city of New York. Their
statement is that the present law imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco is unrea-
sonably burdensome and oppressive, as it sub-
jects them to heavy fines and penalties for slight
violation or neglect of many of its unimportant
provisions. Therefore they ask that the pres-
ent law be amended so that all taxes imposed
upon them be consolidated into one tax, and
collected at the distillery bonded warehouse,
and they submit in support of that prayer
numerous and apparently well-considered
arguments. I move the reference of these
petitions to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG- presented the petition of
Edward Brigauski, of Louisiana, praying the
payment of arrears of pension, and also 10 be
restored to the pension-roll, from which he has
been dropped ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of the Mer-
chants' and Manufacturers' Board of Trade,
of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, setting forth the
advantages of that point for the establishment
of a navy-yard in the Mississippi valley ; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 present the petition of
James M. Dalzell, of Ohio, for himself, and
for one hundred and fourteen othor persons,
whose names he signs, as he says, by their ex-
press authority, praying for a modification of
the pension laws so that soldiers, and widows
of soldiers, who served less than sixty days in
the war of 1812, may receive a pension, and
also praying that the regulations adopted by
the Pension Bureau, by which great delays
occur in the examination of pension cases, be
changed so that these petitioners may have
piompt and. speedy relief. I move that this
petition be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN. I present the petition of
the common council of the city of Ponsacola,
Florida, asking legislation to protect stevo
dores who are citizens of the United States
as against those brought from foreign coun-
tries to load vessels in the harbor of Ponsa-
cola, and when the vessel which brings them
is loaded it conveys the laborers away with
it. The petition is signed by one hundred and
fourteen stevedores, and indorsed as a petition
by the city council. I move its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GOLDTIIWAITE presented a petition
of manufacturers of tobacco, in favor of a uni-
form rate of tax 011 all descriptions of manu-
factured tobacco entering the market for con-
sumption, at the rate of sixteen cents per
pound; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented the petition of U. L.
Jones, president of the board of swamp and
overflowed-land agents of Alabama, in behalf
of the Stale of Alabama, praying an exten-
sion of the time within which the State of
Alabama may be allowed to make the selec-
tion of swamp and overflowed lands under
the act of September 28, 1850; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
Martha Phelps, of Wayne county, Iowa, pray-
ing an increase of her pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
