1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147T
it is to continue the labors of these commis-
sioners who are now in office tinder existing
law. The Committee on the Revision of the
Laws sent one of their members before the
Committee on Appropriations to represent the
unanimous wish and recommendation of the
former committee that this item should be
inserted to carry on the work of the commis-
sion.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no law
for it.
Mr. COX. There is a law under which
certain persons are now acting as commission-
ers for the revision of our laws, and they are
being paid.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Paid fixed salaries,
which this does not propose to provide for.
Mr. COX. But this is a deficiency.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is an extra
allowance entirely.
Mr. COX. I want to call attention not
merely to the point of order 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Illinois insist on his point of order?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules it.
Mr. COX. I beg to say—and I ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to give me
his attention—that when a bill of particulars
was demanded yesterday in relation to this
appropriation of $1,000,000, the gentleman,
though he doubtless intended to do so, did not
fulfill the request which I made at the begin-
ning of the discussion, and the discussion did
degenerate somewhat into a political debate.
It was no fault of mine.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Nor of mine.
Mr. COX. Then we are all right, and other
members of the House are wrong. [Laughter.]
But I wish to say, Mr. Chairman, that this
application for a deficiency in connection with
this work of the revision of the laws comes
with ill grace, in my judgment, from the gen-
tlemen who compose that commission. They
have been working year after year, for I think
five or six years, on large salaries—I believe
they received $5,000 each—and they have pro-
duced comparatively no results. It seems to
be the settled practice of this commission to
do as little as possible, for the purpose of
continuing in office and drawing their sala-
ries.
Now, I have no special knowledge, nor has
thisJIouse, of what work has been done. We
occasionally have a pamphlet sent to us con-
taining a codification of some small portion of
our statutes.
But why do we not have some real work
done ? I could, if I had time, refer this House
to the revision of the codes of the different
States. I could especially refer to the revis-
ion of the code of the State of California, the
work upon which was begun a year ago last
June and is now almost completed, and to
the satisfaction of both Governor Haight and
Governor Booth. All the titles" of subjects
are properly distributed, and the digest pre-
sented of the different laws is almost as per-
fect as it could possibly be. The work has
been approved by members of both parties in
the Legislature. This work has been done
within a year or two at a very small cost. Our
laws are not so troublesome to codify as the
crude legislation of California adopted within
the last twenty years ; yet we are required
year after year to make appropriations for
continuing this work. I demand that the
gentleman from Ohio, before he asks us to
vote this appropriation, shall show us some
work that has been done by this_ commission
and some reason why this appropriation should
be made in this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, if my friend from New York [Mr. Cox]
had his usual accurate information, and_ had
stated the fact, he wouldhave been quite right,
perhaps, in complaining of the delay.
Now let me state to the House, Mr. Chair-
man, what was brought before the Committee
on the Revision of the Laws. In the first
place,_ five years ago there was a commission
established. They were' ordered to do the
work in three years. The committees of Con-
gress declined to take up that work chapter by
chapter, and said they would wait until the
whole was revised and they would introduce it
as one bill. The consequence was that the three
years limited by the law ran out before the
whole body of the laws was revised, and noth-
ing was done. Then this now commission was
raised, and three years given them which will
expire next July. They cannot live a day after
that by law. They went to work and took hold
of the matter with a great deal of energy. They
have divided the work into seventy-five differ-
ent titles. They have prepared more than one
half of those titles fully, and the other half of
them is in state of preparation.
Thereupon, sir, the question came up before
the Committees on the Revision of the Laws,
and there was a meeting of the Senate com-
mittee and the House committee as to the
method of getting that before the House and
country, and getting the revision to pass as
law. Thereupon it appeared the only way to
do it was to get it in as one bill.
There have been various parts of the re-
vision taken up and attempted to be passed
by the several committees into law. That
only made "confusion worse confounded."
After consultation with the commission they
said they could finish their revision by next
July, within the time, but Congress adjourns
next March. If they could have some extra
forcc they would get it all ready to report by
the 1st of November, and we were to ask Con-
gress to allow us to sit during the month of
November to revise their work and then bring
it all before the House at once, and have it
passed through as one bill. Then they would
have from March to next July to superintend
the printing, publishing, and indexing of the
laws, and revision of the new work we should
give them in the laws we should enact here in
Congress.
Let me say now, Mr. Chairman, to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cos] that one
of the gentlemen of that commission is from
his own State, who so ably and accurately
revised the laws of New York.
I desire to state here, and I state it as the
unanimous opinion of the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws on both sides of the
House, (for in our committee fortunately there
is no political partisanship, we have the whole
body of the laws, and we are to bring it in
exact form before the House for the use of
the people:) I say that I am backed by the
unanimous opinion of the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws that by this small appro-
priation, which will enable them to have a
proof-reader, to have some clerical assistance
in copying, we will get the revision. If we do
not get the revision by November, and the
revision does not pass into law before next
March, if we do not do that, I say, we shall
simply have this commission run out as the
last one, and the last experiment of revising
the laws will fail.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. COX. I will not insist on the amend-
ment, but I desire to ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts one question, if he will an-
swer it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. COX. I do not propose to strike out
this appropriation, if I understand the gentle-
man from Massachusetts correctly. Does he
say this is all that will be required to complete
this revision of the laws?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. Is it onljr for the purpose of
clerical force or for salaries ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not for
salaries, not a dollar of it.
Mr. COX. I understand thegentlemaa, then,
this is for clerical force to do extra work. Is
this revision, which is to be sent to Con-
gress for its approval, to be first printed?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
and it will be ready to be laid before Congress
by the beginning of the session in December.
And it was for that reason we unanimously
voted for it, and the Committee on Appropria-
tions recommended this appropriation.
Mr. COX. I was about to say, and I will
withdraw the amendment as soon as I say it,
that unless we hurry up these gentlemen in
their work we will have to revise the revision.
We have been passing appropriations of this
kind every session for five years. Suppose it
had been finished five years ago, a recodifi-
cation of the codification would have been
necessary by this time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
just say that they propose to bring up all the
laws to next November, and while we are pass-
ing through the bills during the next Con-
gress the last revision will be made. They
will keep up the revision to the very day Con-
gress passes it, and the rest of the time and
this money will be spent in indexing, proof-
reading, &c., so as to make the work as per-
fect as possible.
Mr. PETERS. The trouble the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] alluded t,o existed
in the case of the former commission, not the
present one.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the amendment.
message from the senate.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union informally rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message from the
Senate, by Mr. Sympsom, one of its clerks,
informed the House that the Senate had passed,
without amendment, a bill of the House of the
following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 1549) for the relief of
Jacob H. Ela.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 757) to authorize the appoint-
ment of certain officers in the quartermaster's
department;
A bill (S. No. 376) to provide for a build-
ing for the use ef the post office, United States
circuit and district courts, and internal,rev-
enue offices at Utica, New York ; and ,
A bill (S. No. G-17) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to issue clothing to enlisted; men
in place of clothing destroyed by accident.
DEFICIENCY APPBOPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the
judgment entered by the circuit court of tho United
States for the northern district of Florida, in the
case of Theodore T. Edgterton against Jesse w. Cul-
peper, deputy collector and inspector or customs, at
Cedar Keys, district of Saint Marks, Florida, on tho
17th day of December, 1870, for the sum of $27,400,
with costs twenty-six dollars, and interest at tho
rate of six per cent, per annum from the date of
judgment until paid, a sufficient sum is hereby
approjiriatcd.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make the point
of order that there is no law authorizing this
appropriation. I make it, sir, for the purpose
of hearing some explanation of this appropri-
ation, and until the explanation is given I
reserve the point of order on the paragraph.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
cannot make a point of order against paying
the judgment of a United States court, for the
judgment of the court is itself the law of the
case. I hold in my hands the body of papers
relating to this case, forwarded to us by the
Secretary of the Treasury, containing the de-
cree of judgment of the court. But before
the committee acted upon it I sent it to the
Attorney General and requested him to stata
