4166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
8,1868, entitled "A joint resolution to supply books
and public documents to the National Asylum l'or
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers," $1,030, the books to be
forwarded by him to the libraries named therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 14, line
three hundred and thirty-one, to strike out
"completion" and insert the word "con-
tinuation;" and in line three hundred and
thirty-four to strike out "$25,000" and insert
"$50,000;" so that the clause will read:
For continuation of the construction of the build-
ingfor post office andcourt-houseat Columbia, South
Carolina, to be built of brick, and to be three stories
high, $50,000.
Mr. COLE. I believe the words " to be
built of brick and to be three stories high"
•were agreed to be stricken out in committee
but is not so printed. I move that they be
stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see the Sen-
atorfrom Vermont,who is chairman ofthe Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, in his
seat this evening. I have had some conversa-
tion with him in regard to the appropriations for
public buildings contained in this bill, and my
understanding is that quite a number of these
appropriations have not been before the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds at
all. That committee has endeavored in the
examination of bills for public buildings in
the different States to ascertain in the first
place what the building would cost before any
appropriation was made for it, and to make
a plan and to be governed by some principle
in recommending the appropriations. The
former practice of the Government was this:
parties who desired the construction of a pub-
lic building, for instance at New Orleans or
Charleston, would commence by asking an
appropriation of one or two hundred thousand
dollars to construct a custom-house, say at
New Orleans, without any plan having been
agreed upon, without any estimate having
been furnished to Congress to enable it to
know what the custom-house was to cost; and
the Secretary of the Treasury then com-
menced the building, the foundations were
laid with perhaps a couple of hundred thou-
sand dollars, and next year we were called
on to appropriate two or three hundred thou-
sand dollars more. So it went from year to
year until for one building at New Orleans we
appropriated more than three million dol-
lars and for another building at Charleston
more than two million dollars.
That certainly is a very improvident way of
doing. We ought to know before any appro-
priation is made what a building is to cost, and
the law should contain a provision that no
building shall be undertaken and no contract
made except it be to construct the building
upon a plan that shall cost a certain amount
and no more, and there is no safety if you adopt
any other course. These appropriations have
been put in this bill, some of them ou the old
plan—I am not prepared to say at this moment
which they are—that never have passed the
scrutiny of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds. I know that the Senator
from Vermont not now in his seat has had this
subject examined. I suppose the Senator from
California does not expect to finish this bill
to-night, and I suggest that these appropria-
tions for public buildings and grounds shall
be passed over until the Senator from Vermont
shall be present. I am not prepared now with
the facts, which I know are in his possession,
with regard to some of these appropriations.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to make a
statement that will satisfy my friend from
Illinois. Ihis is not to start a new building.
1 his building is already started and nearly one
third finished. The estimates and plans were
long since agreed upon by the Secretary of
the Treasury, the Secretary of the Interior,
and the Postmaster General. In the esti-
mates for public buildings I find that for the
next fiscal year the Secretary of the Treasury
recommended $100,000 for this work. I sup-
pose that $100,000 would finish the building.
The building is nearly one third done. This
amendment only proposes $50,000. In defer-
ence to the views of the committee I have
consented to take $50,000; but I ask that the
words "to be built of brick three stories
high" be stricken out, inasmuch as the esti-
mates and plans are for a granite building,
and I do not see why it should be determined
now to alter the plan. It is not a new build-
ing. I hope my friend from Illinois will not
make any objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from South
Carolina will not understand me as objecting
to the particular appropriation. I have not
the facts, and am not prepared to make any
statement to the Senate in regard to these ap-
propriations. I have made the general state-
ment that some of them, I know, have not
passed under the consideration of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and my
suggestion was merely to pass them over for
the time being, that the Senator from Vermont
might be present. There are some of them that
I am advised he would like to call the attention
of the Senate to. I do not know that I am
opposed to any of them when the facts shall
be properly understood.
Mr. ROBERTSON. There are only a few
appropriations here ; and I think all the com-
mittee would agree to them ; and none of them
are for new buildings at all; at least it is so in
South Carolina. I hope my friend from Illi-
nois will not offer any objection.
Mr. COLB. There may be two or three, but
I think only one or two, of the items in this bill
that have not undergone a scrutiny of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
I do not intend that the subject shall be closed
up to-night. Indeed, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds has
amendments which he will offer when the.bill
is under consideration again, and then the bill
will be open for such amendments as thechair-
man of the committee and the Senator from
Illinois may desire. I think we may go on
with it. The action taken now will not pre-
clude any action hereafter in reference to these
things.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The trouble will be that
if you adopt these particular amendments they
will not be subject to be changed.
Mr. COLE. There are only amendments in
two items.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the objection
to passing over these matters? There is only
a couple of pages of them.
Mr. COLE. There is no object in passing
over these pages, because they do not cover
any amendments; but these two pages will be
open to amendment afterward after the amend-
ments of the committee are disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My only object is that
there may be an opportunity to examine these
appropriations.
Mr. COLE. There will be that.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I do not wish to delay
the bill or oppose the amendment which is
suggested in regard to the building at Colum-
bia, South Carolina. 1 am not in possession
of facts that would warrant my doing it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It there is anything
wrong about this the Senator from Illinois or
the Senator from Vermont can make a motion
in regard to it in the Senate. I insist upon
going on with the bill as it is.
Mr. STEVENSON. I concur in the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Illinois. We
cannot tell, there is not a member of the com-
mittee who can tell which of these appropria-
tions for public buildings have passed under
the supervision of the Committee oil Public
Buildings. Just let us pass over this part of
the bill till the chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds is present, and
then he can inform us as to those appropria-
tions which have passed under the supervision
of his committee.
Mr. COLE, It will not pass from the con-
sideration of the Senate by any means; no
Senator will be precluded from any amend-
ment that he may desire to move to this part
of the bill any more than to any other part of
the bill, and I hope we may proceed regularly
and allow the reading of the bill to proceed.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This is not a new
building. In the appropriation act of March
3, 1809, volume fifteen, page 305, I find:
"For post office and court-house at Columbia,
South Carolina, 875,000: Provided, That the site for
the same be given to the United States."
That was March 3, 1869. In consequence
of the Legislature of South Carolina not being
in session long enough after that date to cede
jurisdiction of the lot given by citizens of
Columbia, South Carolina, to the United
States, and the Legislature not meeting again
until nearly twelve months after that time, the
appropriation lapsed. The appropriation was
renewed last year, and the building has been
going on about twelve months. Therefore, it
is not a new building. As I said before, the
plans were drawn by the supervising architect
of the Treasury, and approved by the three
officers of the Government whose approval
was required by law. I hope the Senate will
not pass over these public building items:
there are only eight or ten of them, and none
of them new buildings. They have all been
provided for by legislation heretofore.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is simply on the amendments of the com-
mittee, and not upon the proposition itself.
That can be recurred to hereafter and amended.
Mr. ALCORN. In this item there was a
clerical error made by the clerk of the com-
mittee, and by this amendment to this bill the
honorable chairman of the committee desires
to get rid of that error. It requires the action
of the Senate. It is not an original proposi-
tion. It is only a question as to the sum of
money that shall be appropriated for the con-
struction of this post office at Columbia, South
Carolina. If it was an original proposition
we could debate that proposition; but an
amendment merely to correct an error does
not place the question beyond the reach of the
Senate, and I pledge myself that if the Sen-
ator from Illinois or the Senator from Vermont
desires to have a revision or a reconsideration,
I will move that reconsideration when it comes
into the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With the understanding
that it can be reached afterward, I have no
objection.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is simply on the amendments of the com-
mittee and not on the items themselves. If
there is no objection, the amendments will be
regarded as agreed to, and the reading will
proceed.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 15, from line three
hundred and forty-nine to line three hundred
and fifty-seven, to strike out the following
proviso at the close of the appropriation for
continuation of the construction of the build-
ing for the Department of State:
Provided, That no part of themoney appropriated
by this bill for erecting any public building shall be
expended except upon contracts duly entered into
m pursuance of advertising for proposals for tho
work and materials, and which contracts shall bo
let to the lowest bidder, wbo shall give bonds for the
performance ot tbe said contract or contracts : Pro-
vided further Ihat this provision shall only apply
to public buildings under the control of tho Treasury
Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why is that stricken
outr 1 should like some explanation of it.
Inat is a provision to let out the work to the
lowest responsible bidder. Why should not
the lowest responsible bidder have the work,
under the direction, of course, of the architect?
Mr. COLE. We have a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury in regard to this
very thing in which he sets forth his reasons
why this proviso should be adopted, and they
will be, 1 presume, entirely satisfactory to the
