2374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
will prevail. I now withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. STORM. Mr. Chairman, I renew the
amendment. I rise simply to say I hope
the House will concur in the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Appropriations to
non-concur in this amendment. I do not see
the use of our buying lands to enlarge the
grounds around the Capitol when we are giv-
ing lands away to corporations for nothing.
1 do not believe in the policy of paying large
sums of money for valuable tracts of lands or
squares in this city, and then, by a vote of
the House, giving them all away to rich cor-
porations. I am afraid that if we enlarge
the grounds upon the east side of the Capi-
tol it will only excite the cupidity of some
rich corporations, and they will come here
and get them as a gratuity. The great diffi-
culty in improving 'he grounds around the
Capitol is that we have allowed the railroad
companies to build depots too close to us,
and driven away ail improvements that would
adorn the lands around the Capitol. If we
pursue the policy which wa3 adopted by the
House last, week, the further extension of the
grounds will rather injure than benefit the
Capitol. Let us improve the grounds we
have, (and 1 thmk we have enough.) Let us
settle the policy whether we will continue to
give away lands for nothing before we buy
any more lands.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he can hardly prevent the lands being
used for some valuable and useful purposes
unless we take them and improve them. He
would not, I suppose, follow the policy of
the dog in the manger, the policy of not using
them ourselves or allowing them to be used
for any other purpose.
Mr. STORM. I think the gentleman from
Tennessee was in favor the other day of giving
the right to a railroad company to build a
depot upon a Government reservation because
we cannot improve it. Now, let us not buy
any more lands when we cannot improve those
we already have.
Mr. MAYNARD. I propose to improve
the lands we have and to buy other lands, so as
to _ make the grounds commensurate to the
building.
Mr. STORM. A portion of this land was
given away to the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company.
Mr. MAYNARD. If necessary we can tell
them to get out of the way. We have got two
railroad companies now passing through the*
Capitol grounds, and this amendment proposes
that they shall be removed, and whenever we
propose to improve any part of the grounds
we have retained the power of removing these
railroad companies and letting them go else-
where.
Mr. STORM. You refused last year to
improve these grounds.
Mr. MAYNARD. We retained the power
to remove any structures that may be put
there.
Mr. BANKS. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Add to section twelve these words :
And the Committee on Pubiic Buildings and
Grounds shall be, and is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to causetheromoval of the locomotive railway
track in front of the west entrance and the public
grounds adjoining. All nets or parts of ants incon-
sistent with this provision are hereby repealed.
Mr. BANKS. I am perfectly willing to vote
the appropriation which has been proposed by
the Senate in their amendment; but I think
the removal of the incumbrances now upon
the Capitol grounds ought to be lirst provided
for. The privilege of running this locomotive
track along in front of the Capitol was given
during the war by an act of Congresss in 180:3,
and it requires some action on the part ol Con-
gress to authorize its removal. Sir, there is
not another city in the world where a railway
track of this character would be allowed to
stand in front of the Capitol and the public
grounds. And inasmuch as it is proposed to
vote a large sum of money for the extension
of the Capitol grounds, it seems to me to be
incumbent upon us to provide, at least so far
as we can, for the removal of these obstruc-
tions which are so dangerous, I may say so
indecent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say but a few
words upon this subject. At the beginning of
the war, as I now recollect, there was not a
single place where there was a line of contin-
uous travel between the States lying south of'
the Ohio and the Potomac, and the States
lying north—a fact in connection with the
intercourse between the two sections that very
often attracted my attention, and which was
found to have a great deal of significance.
During the war that matter was obviated, and
several connecting lines were made. But east
of the Alleghany mountains this very line of
railroad, to which the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] ap-
plies, is the only connecting line at present.
We have now in contemplation another con-
necting line of railroad. As soon as the Balli-
more and Potomac railroad is completed, and
the structure we voted for the other day shall
have been brought in condition for public use,
that will obviate the necessity for this track so
far as it is a connecting link. But until that
is done this amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts should not go into effect, be-
cause it is exceedingly important, not only in
a commercial, but in a sccial and political
view, that the two sections of the country shall
be bound together by this line of intercom-
munication, so that a man can take a sleeping-
car, for example, in the city of Lynchburg or
the city of Charlottesville, and if he chooses
to make the journey, find himself in the morn-
ing in one of the northern cities. Previous
to the war such a thing was impossible. It is
now possible, and is made possible by this
very track that the gentleman has frequently
aimed at in previous suggestions he has made,
and which he now aims at by this amendment.
Mr. BANKS. 1 do not object to a contin-
uous railway communication between the South
and the North, but it cannot be necessary
for that communication that a railway shall
run within twenty feet of the west front of the
Capitol grounds, a dangerous and improper
obstruction. The ground voted the other day
by the House for a railway depot on Sixth
street does not give the gentleman from Ten-
nessee any continuous connection. When he
gets it it will give him just the same connec-
tion that he will have if this track in front of
the Capitol is taken up. There is not a city
nor a town m the world that would allow a
railway track, without any public necessity or
convenience whatever, to remain directly in
front of the Capitol and the Capitol grounds.
If we are now going to extend these grounds,
we should provide, at least so far as we can,
for the removal of these obstructions.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the amend-
ment to the amendment of the Sena' e has been
exhausted.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Baxks to the amendment
of the Senate ; and it was agreed to, upon a
division—ayes seventy-five, noes not counted.
The question was upon the amendment of
the Senate as amended.
Mr. WOOD. I move to strike out the last
word for the purpose of saying that I hope
we will concur m the amendment of the Sen
ate. 1 presume there is really no room for a
difference of opinion as to the propriety of the
removal of certain very obnoxious incum-
brances upon the grounds about this Capitol,
and upon securing the necessary grounds
about the finest Capitol in the world.
In my travels i have visited every one of
the European capitals and inspected the pub-
lic buildings there ; and I feel justified in say-
ing that this is the finest Capitol in the world.
But, sir, no Government, m Europe would for
a day tolerate, in proximity to its Capitol
buildings, such things as we have within sight
of this Capitol from our very windows.
If we delay the adoption of this proposition
the cost of the ground will in the future be
very much more than it is now. While we
are engaged in completing this building and
in perfecting the embellishments and rural
decorations with which we are all so familiar,
and of which we are so proud, I think it is
the proper time for us to secure these two
blocks of ground and lay them out in uniform'
ity with the general plan of improvements in
the vicinity of this building. I hope, there-
fore, we shall avail ourselves of this oppor-
tunity and agree to the proposition of the
Senate, thus securing for the Government this
ground necessary for finishing in a proper
manner the surroundings of the Capitol.
Mr. CH1PMAN. Mr. Chairman, the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Garfield, of Oliio,] suggested as a possible
reason why this measure should not be adopted
at the present time, that the House has granted
to a railroad company the right to use a cer-
tain portion of the reservation toward the
Presidents House, nearly half a mile distant.
How there can be any logical connection be-
tween allowing a railroad company to occupy
for depot purposes a portion of a reservation
half a mile distant, and a proposition to enlarge
the grounds immediately surrounding the Cap-
itol, is beyond my comprehension.
Now, I want to say one word to the friends
of the measure just alluded to. I want you to
support the present proposition ; for you see
it is sought to be defeated oo account of the
vote which you cast some days ago upon the
other question. 1 have consulted at least two
of the finest landscape gardeners in this coun-
try upon the effect of the location of a railroad
depot on that reservation ; and while I am not
at libei ty to give their names, I will state that
one of those gentlemen—an author of much
reputation—gave it to me as his opinion that
it would not seriously impair the reservation
extending toward the President's House. No
one claims that it would not impair it some-
what, but it will not do so seriously. I there-
fore ask the chairmau of the Committee on
Appropriatians to withdraw the objection which
he makes to this amendment, on the ground
that the House in its wisdom has deemed it
right to authorize the location of a depot at
some distance from the Capitol. I call upon
him not to connect these measures, for they
can have no connection logically.
I wish now to say a word for my constituents.
This measure itself is national; and I am
glad there are some members who can lake a
broad view of the question. Butlocaily the fail-
ure to act favorably upon the pending proposi-
tion is a serious detriment to our people. At
present Capitol H ill is cut off from the lower part
of the city, because we cannot make improve-
ments around the Capitol until you have estab-
lished thegrades. We have no right to establish
a grade anywhere around these grounds, and
we cannot go on with the -improvements pro-
posed here in the District, continuing the
streets and avenues from the lower part of the
city to the upper part, until this question has
been finally determined.
There is another reason in favor of this
proposition. These two squares which it is
proposed to include in the Capitol grounds
are lying at present useless to their owners.
The proposed enlargement of the Capitol
grounds hangs over this property like a pail.
And the effect is extended beyond ihese two
squares. Property immediately abutting upon
the squares proposed to be taken in can be
bought for about the same as property two or
three squares distant. Owners of property in
the two squares in question cannot sell and
tlicy flare not improve. You are holding this
I ax over them, neither improving or enlarging
1 your grounds or allowing them to do so. It
is not right or just or fair to keep these people
