1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3271
Louisiana will pardon me, but I must object
to taking up any bill in this way.
business op committee on commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take a recess 011 Tuesday
next from half past four to half past seven
o'clock for the purpose of considering bills
from the Committee on Commerce at the even-
ing session.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan asks unanimous consent that
there be an evening session at half past seven
o'clock 011 Tuesday evening to consider busi-
ness from the Committee on Commerce, the
unfinished business of the afternoon to be the
unfinished business for the nextday. Is there
objection?
Mr. COLE. What bills have the Commit-
tee on Commerce back ? They had a day not
Jong ago.
Mr. CHANDLER. There are two long bills
which it will take some time to read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rose to say that if it
would do any good as a rule I should object
to these propositions, because I do not think
it a good way to do business to set apart days
for particular committees ; but we have done
it, and I suppose it would not do any good to
object, except to assert my mere personal will,
for I dare say the Senate would agree to it;
and so, under protest, I do not object.
Mr. CHANDLER. There are two very long
bills, eighty-eight pages each—one upon ship-
ping commiss:oners, and the other upon steam-
boat inspections, &e.—that I should like to
have considered. It will take three or four
hours a1, least to read them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
objection; and the order asked by the Senator
from Michigan is made. T!>e Chair will state
also that the unfinished business of the after-
noon will be by these understandings the
unfinished business for the next day, so that
bills undisposed of at the evening session will
go upon the Calendar.
ELECTIONS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am informed that it
was supposed by one or two Senators that the
bill taken up last night just before the Senate
adjourned, upon the motion of the Senator
from Indiana, was the bill that I have endeav-
ored to get up.
The V ICE PRESIDENT. It was not.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have so informed Sen-
ator5, and I do not think there will be any
objection now to my request; and I therefore
renew my request., that Senate bill No. 58 be
taken up, subject to morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
ask unanimous consent, though objection was
made before.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is this the
eleciion bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the Louisi-
ana election bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not wish to antag-
onize it against morning business.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. As soon
as the morning business is over the Senator
from Louisiana can call up the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He desires to
call it up atid then yield for morning business.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I insist
on the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland objects.
OUDKlt 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. POME ROY. Subject to the same con-
di:ions and limitations granted to the Senator
horn Michigan for the Committee on Com-
merce, I ask that the Committee on Public
Lands may have Thursday evening of next
week.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas asks that Thursday evening of
next week be assigned, under the same con-
ditions and limitations as have been made in
re<r"rd 'o tlie assignment to the Committee on
Comnv rep. for the business of the Committee
on Public Lands, a day for which was assigned
before and superseded by other public busi-
Mr. EDMUNDS. The state of the public
business is such that if we go to promising all
the evenings next week we shall find our-
selves in an unpleasant position. Therefore
I must say that T, for one, cannot consent.
The YICB PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects, and it requires unani-
mous consent,.
Mr. POMEROT. Then I object to the
assignments already made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that objection is very late now.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to say, for the
Committee on Public Lands, that we have not
a bill that we have reported which will be dis-
cussed a moment., I suppose ; there is not one
land grant reported. Those bills reported are
measures granting the right of way to certain
companies, and creating certain land districts,
which will pass on their reading. We had
one day assigned to us, but we were super-
seded by the unfinished business of the day
before. Now, the Committee on Public Lands
will not report any bills, or else if they do
report them they want them to have one
opportunity at least for passing them
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont, however, objects, and it requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe it
was considered generally that we should have
Saturday for these miscellaneous subjects.
Mr. POME ROY. Then I will say Saturday
of next week.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to have Saturday set apart, but I under-
stand that Saturday was, according to general
agreement, to he appropriat ed to miscellaneous
business. I think the Senator from Kansas
will stand as good a chance on that day as
other Senators. I trust he will bring up his
bills on Saturday.
Mr. POMEROY. If I can have Satur-
day  .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not desire
to have it set apart.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this is all wrong.
This conversation seems to be going on by
unanimous consent, and I wish to raise my
protest against this whole arrangement. I
think it is unprecedented in the Senate, and
is against the public interests and all wrong,
that t he time of the Senate is apportioned out
here, and that done ou'side of the Senate
Chamber at that, and only certain measures
arc to be taken up. It is known that I have
charge of some measures of public import-
ance. I have no opportunity to get them to
the consideration of the Senate. It is under-
stood in advance that nothing shall be taken
up in this body but certain measures, it seems.
I think we have had enough of it. I think the
country ought to know that it is only certain
business that, can be considered in the Senate
of the United States.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the country has been
sufficiently informed upon that point. I will
make a suggestion, not for the country, but
for the Senate. Tbere_ are upon our Calen-
dar a great many unobjected bills thai came
from the various committees. There is un-
doubtedly a grave objection to assigning a
particular evening or a particular time for the
business of a particular committee, because
only those who'are interested in that business
appear here, and the legislation loses the ben-
efit, of the supervision of the whole Sena'e.
Now, if you would set apart a day or two for
the Calendar of unobjected cases, then every
committee would be represented upon that
Calendar, and the whole Senate would have an
interest in it, and we should dispose of a great
deal of business which every one is willing to
have disposed of, and do 110 prejudice to bust
ness passed over. I think if we could set
apart some two or three days next week when
we would take up the Calendar of unobjected
cases, we could pass fifty or sixty bills that
everybody desires to have passed.
Mr. POMEROY. That is my judgment,
and I ask for a general understanding that
on Tuesday next we shall take up the Calen-
dar and proceed with the unobjected cases.
Mr. ANTHONY. You cannot do that until
some more pressing business is disposed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Say Friday.
Mr POMEROY. I move, then, that on Fri-
day next, we proceed with the Calendar in its
order,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
make no such arrangement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects to, the proposition of the
Senator from Kansas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
Kansas knows that he has bound himself to
proceed with certain measures and none others
in thi3 Chamber. Let him stand up to his
agreement, if ho chooses
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Illi-
nois knows that, he knows more than the
Senator from Kansas does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand, he is
committed to certain measures being taken up
in a certain order.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Kansas
is not committed at all. If the Senator from
Illinois is committed, he can stand to his com-
mittal.
Mr. WINDOM. I rise for the purpose of
adding my request to that of the Senator from
Kansas. The Committee on Public Lands have
had no chance at this session. The Commit-
tee on the Judiciary have had an entire day.
It seems to me it. does not come with a good
grace from the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, winch committee had an entire
day, to object to other committees being
heard.
Mr. POMEROY. It may sound very well
for the Committee on the Judiciary, who have
had a whole day, as the Senator fiom Minne-
sota says, now to say that another committee
shall not have a day.
Mr. BOREMAN. Perhaps while this col-
loquy is going on upon the other side of the
Chamber, I may have permission to pass a bill
for Dakota Territorv. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the duty
of the Chair first to submit messages from the
House of Representatives on his table, which,
under the twenty-fourth rule, have priority of
all other business at this time.
Mr. BO REMAN. We have bad a bill up
three or four times for Dakota I eriitory, and
I thought it might be passed while this collo-
quy was going on upon the other rude.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
execution ol the twenty-Iourth rule the Sen-
ator from West Virginia asks unanimous con-
sent to consider a bill the title of which will
be reported. The t hair cannot object, lhe
title will be reported if no Senator objects.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 617)
approvn.g the act passed by the Legislative
Assembly of Dakota Territory authorizing the
people to vote aid to railroads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration oi the bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That Bill lend to debute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vet mont objects.
Mr. EDMUNDS. f believe that is the
same bill we had up the other day. I desire
to look at it and see if it has been properly
amended.
PUBLIC lHlOPHUTY AT AUGUSTA, GEORGIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House oi Uep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. (32bJ to author-
ize the sale of certain public property at
Augusta, Georgia.
