1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in this condition. I am speaking now only
locally and for the interest, of these people
most directly interested. Either make this
purchase now or say it never will be done.
If I were to speak from a national stand-
point, I would speak as some gentlemen have
spoken here to-day with reference to the effect
of this measure upon our whole people. You
cannot afford to continue abuildiug worth from
twelve to fifteen million dollars in the midst
of surroundings which you would never toler-
ate around your private residences. But as
an investment the Government can afford the
purchase. The private property in the squares
amounts to about one third as much as would
be embraced m the streets, avenues, and alleys
which would be inclosed with the grounds.
But I do not put the matter on so low a ground.
We owe it to the nation's honor to wipe out
this disgrace and relieve our country from this
standing reproach.
I venture to say there is not a member on
this floor who owns a homestead who has not
expended more money for its surroundings
than you have expended here on the sur-
roundings of this magnificent temple. It is a
shame and a disgrace to your civilization, and
it is a stigma on the national name that it
should be allowed to remain here in that con-
dition, and that we should hesitate to pass so
just and wise a bill. I thank in behalf of my
people tho gentlemen who bavo dared to speak
for it, and I hope tho committee will vote
for it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SWANN. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
when this subject came, up at the last session
of Congress a similar amendment to the one
now under consideration was proposed by the
Senate. I rise, sir, to say that I am in favor
now as I was then of the purchase of these
squares so necessary to the embellishment of
this Capitol. In the first place, we are under an
obligation to the property holders around this
Capitol to give them a definite answer as to
whether or not these reservations are required
as necessary appendages to the improvements
now being projected. I quite agree with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Storm]
when he expressed apprehension that after we
have purchased this property hereafter some
railroad company might come in and claim a
subsidy, as has been done on a former occa-
sion. Neither he nor I can be held responsi-
ble tor this. I can only say that I am opposed
to all these subsidies. I am for keeping the
Government property intact around this Capi-
tol and everywhere else in the city.
I consider it a disgrace that the Capitol of
this nation should be kept in the condition in
which it is now, and in which it has been for
some tune past. Since this question was first
agitated here this property has been greatly
enhanced in value. It is worth more to day
than it was last year, as you will find when
you come to condemn it, and so it will con-
tinue to improve. If it be established that
the seat of Government is to remain where it
is, and 1 believe there is no question on that
point, I hold ihe Government ought to pro-
cure promptly ail the property necessary to
complete the plans to make this Capitol what
it should be—the center of atti'action of the
whole nation, as well as a place to be resorted
to and admired by the people oi the whole
country, and not only by our own citizens, but
by those who visit it from every part of the
world.
These reservations, sir, are necessary if you
mean to carry out the plans" projected with a
view to the Capitol improvement already so
creditable to the nation; and I say, Mr. Chair-
man, that it is a great mistake to suppose the
people are opposed to any extension of these
grounds or to any appropriation of niimey
necessary to make this Capitol what it should
be. They will the rather applaud yo-ur action
as wise and judicious. On that ground I shall
vote not only for the appropriation asked for
here to extend our limits so as to complete
these plans, but to whatever extent may be
necessary to make this Capitol attractive in
all its appointments. I think.we owe it to the
people of this country that the Capitol of the
nation should not be kept in the condition in
which it has been for years past.
This appropriation is a small one. At all
events, it is not one of such magnitude as to
interfere with the general appropriations of
the country. It is one demanded for the con-
venience of the Representatives of the people,
and of all who resort to the seat of Govern-
ment. On that ground I advocate it and hope
it will be sustained by members on both sides
of the House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. If I understood the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions in his remarks on this proposed appro-
priation, he was rather in favor of making it,
but felt it his duty to call our attention to the
fact that it was a little incongruous to our rules
to attach it to an appropriation bill. If I under-
stood his meaning correctly, that embodied m
substance his objection to this provision of the
bill. It was a very proper thing for him to call
our attention to. But this measure was before
the House last spring, and has been before it
so many times, and is so well understood, that
it appears to me that we might as well dispose
of it at once. If the appropriation is to be
made—and I presume there is no gentleman
iu this House who does not feel that sooner
or later it will be made—if it is to be made,
why should we not make it now and have an
end of it? Why should we not buy that ground
at once before the price rises? Why not let it
be taken into a comprehensive plan for tue
improvement of the Capitol? This Capitol is
undoubtedly to grow m some degree corre-
sponding to the growth of the country; and
the growth of the country is to be far more
magnificent than the grandest imagination can
now prefigure. Why should we now spend
day alter day in postponing an appropriation
which we all know must be made ? I shall
therefore vote for the appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. SWANN. I withdraw the pro forma
amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew it, Mr. Chairman.
The Committee on Appropriations in passing
on this matter did not design to fetter the action
of its individual members so that they could
not express, those of them who desired so to
do, their concurrence with the Senate in this
legislation.
I think I am justified in saying—and my
fiiend from Ohio, the chairman of the com
mittee, will bear me out in saying it—that
there was a division of opinion among the mem-
bers of the committee, and that it was under-
stood that some of us who desired that this
question should be settled, and who thought
tnat. the manner iu which the provisions of the
amendment were arranged in the Senate was
judicious, could have the liberty on the floor,
without the appearance, as in ordinary cases
of opposing the committee, to express our de-
sire that this matter should be settled by an
appropriation, and that this work which these
individual members thought was necessary
should be inaugurated.
Now, sir, for one I believe that I am fully
prepared to vote in favor of this improvement.
It has been considered over and over again in
both Houses of Congress. Generally _it has
come to us at such a late hour of a session of
Congress that wo have had no time to con-
sider iu the House the details of the arrange-
ment or to determine with ordinary care
whether the legislation proposed would an-
swer ill the end. On the contrary, it now
comes to us when we are not pressed by other
public business; when there are not some seven
or eight appropriation bills crowding us as on
the last night or dnring tho last two or three
nights of the session. It comes to us at a
period of the session when we can afford to
give ample time for the consideration of the
subject, and the objection heretofore made to
passing this legislation on a mere hasty con-
sideration does not now exist; for there is no
necessity for such haste on this occasion.
The Senate very properly under its rules
legislates upon appropriation bills. There are
some restrictions, as for instance, that an
amendment must be submitted to a committee
and reported back from that committee. But
there is nothing in the rules of the Senate
which prevents the Senate, when these mere
forms have been complied with, from putting
the proposed amendments upon a bill of this
character. Consequently, the amendments
come regularly before us. I have heard no
criticism of the details of this measure. If it
is desirable that the improvement be made,
then it would seem to be conceded that this
is the manner in which it should be done. I
think, sir, with the gentleman who represents
so ably the District of Columbia upon this
floor, that it is a shame and a disgrace that
these unsightly buildings should crowd so close
upon this magnificent Capitol.
I have no doubt that before a long while
measures will betaken in order to sweep away
these unsightly tenement houses, grog-shops,
and the like, which crowd us upon one side
of the Capitol, and to open those grounds so
that there may be more breathing room, more
opportunity of displaying the fine architectural
proporlions of this building. If this is to be
done, as has been well suggested, now is the
time to do it. It will be better to do it this
year than the next, because next year there
will be a higher price put upon this property,
while it will be of no higher value to the Gov-
ernment. The object for vhich the Govern-
ment uses it will not be enhanced by an in-
crease in the value of the property. If this
year we can save one fourth of the amount
which we should have to expend in two years
from this time, now is certainly the time when
we ought to make the appropriations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Onio. Before asking
to close debate upon this amendment it is due
to the House that two or three facts should be
stated, so that they may see the exact scope
of the amendment proposed. These two
squares, if purchased by the Government, will
enlarge the outline of the grounds by throwing
portions of several avenues and cross streets
into the area, and thereby increase the grounds
by an amount considerably greater than the
two squares proposed to be purchased. These
two squares contain 2o4.985 square feet. The
avenues and streets which will come into the
public grounds in consequence of taking the
two squares will amount to 856,617, or more
than three times as much as the actual surface
or the two squares themselves, so that the
purchase of tue two squares will enlarge the
area of our public grounds by a total of
1,111,602 feet.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How can
the taking of two squares bring in so many
streets and squares?
Mr. GAREIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will remember that Pennsylvania avenue inns
immediately across our east front, and then
turns eastward between one of these squares,
and the front part and the corresponding
streets upon the opposite side also runs through
this ground. The effect of this measure will
be to shut up a portion of Delaware avenue on
the one side and New Jersey avenue on the
other, and also a portion of the present course
of Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. They are
all ours now
Mr. GARFIELD. of Ohio. No; they are
apart of the streets of the city. I should state
further that in 1861 the exact estimate of the
amount to be paid for these two squares was
