1480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
the Forty-Second Congress, in pamphlet form,
$5,000.
That item was omitted by mistake.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in at the end of the bill:
. Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the proper
accounting officers be, and hereby are, authorized
and directed in the settlement of all accounts for
the services of laborers, -workmen, and mechanics
employed by or in behalf of the Government of
the United States, between the 2oth day of June,
1868, the date of tho act constituting eight hours a
day's work for all such laborers, workmen, and
mechanics, and the 19th day of May, 1S69, the date
ofthe proclamation of thePresidentconcerningsuch
pay, to settle and pay for the same without reduc-
tion on account of the reduction of thehours of labor
by said act; and a sufficient sum for that purpose is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in tho
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make tho point
of order on that amendment.
Mr. DAWES. It is authorized by the
statute. I would state that this provision has
passed the House in a separate bill. This is
the provision of the statute that authorizes it:
" That eight hoursshall constitute a day's workfor
all laborers, workmen, and mechanics, now cm-
ployed, or who may be hereafter employed, by or in
behalf of the Government of tho United States, and
that all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this
act be, and the same are hereby, repealed."
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman
give the date of that act ?
Mr. DAWES. June 25, 1868. I will state
further, that immediately after the passage of
this act there was in several departments of
the public works a difference of ruling on this
subject. In some places the men were paid
in full under that act, while in others the con-
struction was that the act had the effect to
reduce the pay of the workmen to eight tenths
of that which they had formerly received for
a day's work ; so that in fact they were allowed
pay for only eight tenths of a day. This went
on a little while, until by direction of the Presi-
dent, in a proclamation, all workmen were paid
just as they had been before the passage of
the act. But between the time of its passage
and tho date of the President's proclamation
the workmen in some of our public establish-
ments never received tlieir full pay as those in
other places did. Whatever may be tho merits
of tho eight-hour law, nothing can be plainer
than that one workman should receive as much
as another where the labor is the same.
When you passed that law reducing the
hours of labor you did not intend to cut down
any man's wages ; and in nine tenths of the
cases men employed by the Government were
paid according to the spirit of the law. In a
few cases they were not so paid, between the
time of the passage of the act and the issuing
of the President's proclamation. I introduced
a bill here on the first day of the session to
provide for the payment of this deficiency. I
stated the reasons for it, and it was passed
without objection. But that bill, like many
other bills, remains in the other branch with-
out action; and I desire that the provision
may go upon an appropriation bill, where
there will be no trouble at all in its going
through.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The object of tho
gentleman is very apparent. The bill to which
be refers was, I remember, passed by this
House, no attention having been drawn to it
at the time. It is not likely to pass tho Sen-
ate. Hence the attempt to ingraft this pro-
vision upon an appropriation bill and thus com-
pel the Senate to pass it.
But, Mr. Chairman, that matter does not
touch the point of order. Congress, it is true,
passed a law making eight hours a day's labor
in the Government workshops, a law which in
my judgment should never have been passed.
Thereupon the superintendents in the Govern-
ment works, or a portion of them, conform-
ing to the law, said to the laborers, 1' V ery
well; eight hours are to constitute a day's
work, and we will pay you by the hour; if
you wish to work ten hours we will pay you fox-
ten hours' work; but if you only work eight
hours, we will cut off one fifth of your per
diem allowance." Every one of those work
men might have stopped work if they pleased.
They chose to word their eight hours and take
the compensation that was offered them.
Now here is an amendment offered upon an
appropriation bill requiring that an additional
one fifth shall be paid to those men. There
is certainly no law for this appropriation ; for
the act which made eight hours a day's work
did not prescribe the amount of wages that
should be paid. The wages were paid to the
workmen to their satisfaction. They received
their wages for eight hours' work.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken
in that statement. The workmen held that
the true construction of the law gave them the
full amount of the daily pay which had been
before allowed; and where a deduction was
made they received their pay under protest,
which was entered upon the books of each of
these public works, the superintendent telling
them at the time that if the construction then
adopted should be overruled, they would be
entitled to this additional allowance.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr.Chairman,
this very discussion shows that this amendment
is out of order. To justify the payment of this
money, it is necessary to go back and ascertain,
not only the law, but the facts; and the state-
ments made show that there is no law for this
allowance.
Mr. DAWES. If Congress holds that the
true interpretation of the eight-hour law was
to reduce the wages by a deduction of two
tenths from the per diem previously allowed,
then these men were properly paid. But if,
according to the true construction of the eight-
hour law, tho intention of Congress was that
the Government employes should work eight
hours for the same compensation they had
before received for ten, then the Government
of the United States owes these poor men the
two tenths of their daily pay which was in
some instances withheld.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That would be a
very good subject to debate upon in a separate
bill providing for the payment of this one
fifth ; but it is not a subject of debate upon a
point of order.
Mr. 1IOLMAN. Will tho gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. Ifthc compensation author-
ized by law to a laborer is two dollars a day,
and for any cause he should receive only one
half that amount, would it not be proper for a
deficiency bill to appropriate the sum necessary
to make up his compensation ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Undoubtedly. I
said before that if the law prescribes the
amount of wages these men should have, and
only a portion of those wages had been paid
thein, then of course there would bo a defi-
ciency.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farksworxii] allow me to state
one fact?
Sir. FARNSWORTH. Very well.
Mr. HOAR. I understand that the facts
are not precisely as the gentleman from Illi-
nois has stated, but on the contrary, the experi-
ment, as shown by the Springfield armory, has
shown that the production of these workmen
has not been diminished in proportion to the
reduction of the hours of labor. The fact is
that the day's work of eight hours has been as
productive to the Government as was the day's
work before of ten hours.
Mr. HAWLEY. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. This proposition, of
course, is to be ruled on by the Chair, who
desires to hear the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnswoiith,] who makes the point of
order. When that gentleman is through, the
Chair will hear with pleasure what the other
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Havley] may
have to say upon the subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have only one
other suggestion to make, which is this: the
point made by the gentleman from _ Massa-
chusetts who last addressed the Chair, [Mr.
Hoar,] would be a good argument to address
to the question, as an original question, whether
we should pay these men any additional pay.
But my point was that they did not work but
eight hours, and they received wages for eight
hours' work. I said nothing about their not
doing as much work in eight hours as they
would otherwise in ten hours; I said nothing
about that. And all this talk, the necessity
for all this discussion, shows that this prop-
osition is out of order. Where the law au-
ihorizes an appropriation there is required uo
debate upon the facts to make it clear that the
appropriation is in order; the law makes it in
order. But here it requires explanation and
debate. The very facts are disputed which are
assumed here to show that this proposition is
in order.
Mr. HAWLEY. I desire to make a point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. HAWLEY. The point to which I de-
sire to call the attention of the Chair is this:
that no new legislation is required for the pur-
pose of providing that eight hours' labor shall
constitute a legal day's work. That is already
provided by a law approved June 25, 1868. It
is expressly declared by that law that eight
hours' labor shall constitute a day's work.
That law has been construed differently by
different Departments. The President of the
United States, by his order or proclamation,
in the spring of 1869, soon after his inaugura-
tion, directed that wherever persons were em-
ployed at any of the. Government works they
should be paid according to the provisions of
this law, so that the payments to laborers
should be uniform. I do not understand that
there has ever been any question, since the issu-
ing of that proclamation or order by the Pres-
ident, thateighthours' labor constituted legally
a day's work.
Now, what is sought here? It is that all
payments should be made according to the law
of 1808; that is all. Early in this present
session this House passed a bill that the
amount for arrears due to these men in certain
Departments should be paid, and making an
appropriation for that purpose. When this
House passed that bill it did not suppose that
any fresh law was required providing for their
payment, but only an appropriation of funds
for the purpose; that is all. Now, although
the House once passed an independent bill on
that subject, it may attach the same provision
to an appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my colleague
permit me to ask him a question ?
' Mr. HAWLEY. I will, certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has any Department
estimated for this?
Mr. DAWES. The reason they cannot pay
it is because the whole of the money appro-
priated was covered into the Treasury.
Mr. HAWLEY. I cannot be interrupted
further. I am endeavoring to confine myself
eutirely to the law, and not to discuss the ques-
tion of policy. The point I am endeavoring
to make clear is this: it is not necessary to
make any further law to authorize this pay-
ment, as here is the law, to which I have called
the attention of the Chairman, directing that
eight hours' labor shall constitute a day's work.
Now the simple question is whether it is proper
for Congress to make an appropriation for the
purpose of so paying its laborers, and whether
it shall be attached to the appropriation bill
now pending. I think it is not a point of order
that can be sustained. There can be no
objection to attaching this appropriation to
this appropriation bill, any more than to any
other appropriation bill. There is no necessity
for further legislation.
Mr. DAWES. This is as clearly a defi-
ciency as ever was in the world.
