584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Mr. ROBERTSON. As the reconsideration
of this bill seems to bring about discussion, I
must call for the regular order.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator permit me
t.o say just a word further? I have risen be-
cause,, like the Senator from Michigan, I have
received a large number of letters from persons,
some of whom have themselves suffered by
the fire, and others of whom were large con-
tributors, asking me to present their views to
the Senate, and I was about to do so ; but of
course the Senator from South Carolina has
the right to interpose.
Mr. LOGAN. I am willing now to have
the vote taken. I do not wish to reply to any-
thing that has been said. The matter was
fully discussed yesterday, and I think it is
perfectly understood.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am -willing to let the
vote be taken.
Mr. SCOTf. I yielded because the Sena-
tor from South Carolina intimated that, he was
about to call for the regular order. I have
sent to my committee-room for one letter for
the purpose of reading it. I shall not deem
that I have done my duty to the constituents
who have requested me to present their views
unless I do so.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I dislike to demand
the regular order in the face of the remarks
the Senator from Pennsylvania was about to
make. I shall lit him get through, and then,
if there is to be further discussion, I shall be
forced to call for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania will proceed.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, this corre-
spondent states:
"With fheso remarks X want to protest against tho
special legislation that is nskod tor in favor of cer-
tain parties who wish to import building material
anil other articles Iron of duty. Hueli special h'Bia-
Intion, it seems to mo, is degrading the Congress of
the United Hfates, and if it is followed up will load
to such a host of demands of liko character as will
miiko it necessary to sit in continued sc.ssion to pass
billst'or private benefit.
" In tho ease of Ulncacro, tho importation ofbuild-
ing material Ireo would not beneilt a i in^lo work-
in^man of tho United States, but would result in le?s-
cninn tho co^t by a few dollars 011 each building nut
up by th olargocapi tn lists, who havo abundant moans
and would not miss tho amount required to pay tho
duty.
"Tho firm I represent,lost, a larue amount, by tho
Chicago tiro and ask no relief, and therefore I foci
free to express my opinion on this subject, and think
that if these parties aro objects of charity, and tho
Government, feels ablo to givo it, it should bo in tho
shape of a direct donation tsivon to tho party who
shows that ho is noody and H a worthy subject."
This brings up the view which was presented
by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carvkn-
tkh] yesterday evening, that, the benefits of
the bill will really go, not to the use of actual
sufferers, but to the use of many who have not
suffered at all; for in Chicago, and even in
the rural districts, (which, if they had been
included, would have led to the same result,)
tho present sufferers unable to build will sell,
and the person who goes in and buys on specu-
lation will (jet, tho benefit.
In addition to that, Mr. President. T feel
bound to repeat, that, upon reflection, 1 con-
sider the bill as a direct infringement of the
constitutional provision requiring duties to be
uniform. If tliis bill is consistent with the
Constitution, then a bill may he passed pro-
viding that all imports which are to go into a
whole congressional disi.iict shall be free of
duty; you may exempt a congressional dis-
trict from the payment of duty upon all articles
that are imported, and leave the rest of the
United States subject to those duties. lean
see no distinction. You may go further, and
you may say that all articles imported and
consigned to a particular firm in the city of
New York, or to a particular firm in Milwaukee
or Chicago, shall be free of duty. It is sub-
stantially a violation of that provision of the
Constitution ; and although I think that we
ought to do what is necessary for the relief of
Chicago, and although 1 sat in committee and
to report the bill almost over my con-
science, (for the question was not presented
there as a bad precedent, but simply that the
bill should come in,) I do not feel at liberty
now, as my attention is called to it by constit-
uents who have contributed as largely as any
other in the United States, to keep silent when
it is a precedent that willcomo back to plague
us when our fellow-citizens suffer elsewhere. _
As has been said, whore is it to stop? If
misfortuue is to be relieved we ought to
relieve it—by fire and by flood, and by earth-
quake and by robbery, and by all the calami-
ties that men are subject to ; there is no limit
to it. One class of my constituents, the glass
manufacturers, have sent in a remonstrance.
They are composed of as large-hearted, lib-
eral, benevolent men as live in the Union.
They contributed as largely as any other set
of men to the relief of Chicago ; and yet they
feel, like the constituents of the Senator from
Michigan, that if this bill ispassed in addition
to their voluntary contributions, the Govern-
ment takes another from them.
Therefore I shall vote to reconsider, for the
purpose of recommitting the bill to the com-
mittee, so that proper legislation may be had
for the relief of Chicago. I will not say a word ,
against opening up, as widely as the Constitu-
tion will permit us to do it, the channels of j
benevolence, and giving relief to Chicago ; but !
I do not wish in giving that relief, in being
benevolent, to stab others who are suffering
1'iom a like calamity, and more than all, to vio- i
late what I tliiuk is a constitutional provision
broken by this hill.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 want to say but one word,
and 1 will only take a moment. I stared yes-
terday that the object of this bill was not to de-
prive anybody of his rights or profits, or to do
injustice lo anyone. The proposition was fairly
stated, that tho bill would have the effect lo
break rings that imposed on our people high
prices for every kind of building material.
Now I will say to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, of whom I have as high ati estimate
as 1 have of any man, that his proposition is
not praetieil at all. His idea is to donate
money to Chicago. That our people do not
ask. It would have to be donated to all the j
citizens alike, for all were sufferers. We
cannot ask any such thing, nor would wc ask
any such thing. The only thing we ask of you
in the way of relief is to let us have a draw-
back of the amount of duty on the building
material that may be imported when it shall
be put in buildings in the burnt district. Why?
To encourage men to build, and t,o put them
in a position where they can say lo those who
have building materials to sell, " We will buy
material elsewhere if you do not sell it to us
at a reasonable price."
Let me remind gentlemen that brick was
selling at perhaps seven or eight dollars a
thousand when the fire occurred, but iu a few
days afterward it was selling at fourteen dol-
lars a thousand, rendering it almost impossible
for men, unless they had an immense amount
of means, to put up a building for any reason-
able price. I ask if that is not a good reason
why something should be done to encourage
these men to build, and prevent tins imposi-
tion on them? It will not affect Michigan, as
my friend from Michigan supposes, bccause,
if they are going to have such an excessive
amount of lumber the next year in Michigan,
the price must be cheap, and nobody will im-
port lumber. How, then, can they be affect-
ed? No, sir, this is a clamor against this bill
for the purpose of defeating it, and I am
sorry to see that every man who has made a
speech against this bill is on the same side of
politics that I am. Men are refusing my con-
stituents the same generosity that has been
given to others. I know this is not for any
personal reason, because of any opposition to
these constituents of ours ; but, it does seem to
me strange that, our own friends are the only
men who send javelins against the interests of
our people. There is something in it, it seems
to me, besides the mere fact that gentlemen
think it is injustice on the part of some men.
My friend from Michigan said yesterday
evening that Michigan would not ask anything,
that Michigan would not have anything; he
even almost said, tauntingly, to the Senate that
she did not want anything. He voled against
the bill, although professing to be for it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not profess to be
for it.
Mr. LOGAN. I could not yesterday find
anybody here who was against the bill, though
some were in favor of amendments, until the
vote was taken, and then I found my friend
from Michigan voting against it.
This is all I have to say. I appeal to the
Senate not to reconsider its vote. There aie
many reasons which I could give, beyond the
fact of the bill being just and proper and i ight,,
why it should not be done. 1 do not want to
detain the Senate and hope the vote will be
taken, as I said to my friend from South Car-
olina that I would not detain the time of the
Senate by remarks.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from Illi-
nois just resuming his seat, on a former occa-
sion  
Mr. ROBERTSON. I feel constrained to
demand the regular order. I cannot yield
further.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from South Carolina demands tho regular
order.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to have it
understood that I have the floor on this mo-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (II.
R. No. 380) for the removal of legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the third section
of the fourteenth article of amendments to
the Constitution of the United States is before
the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to lay aside the reg-
ular order temporarily until this vote bo
taken. Of course I have no right to attempt
to control, nor will f, any person on the floor.
If tliis matter is going to be discussed all day,
as a matter of course I cannot ask the Senator
from South Carolina to yield. I do not kr.ow
how long my friend from Wisconsin desires to
talk to the Senate; I suppose a very short time,
though he may desire some considerable time.
I hope we shall have a vote at least while we
arc on the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Illinois asks general consent to lay
aside the regular order informally.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
which the Senator from Illinois now proposes
is the motion before the Senate, to postpone
the further consideration of House bill No.
380, and that motion is debatable. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina, to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I appeal to the Senator
from Illinois not to submit that motion.
Mr. LOGAN. Which motion?
Mr. HAMLIN. To postpone the regular
order.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator from South
Carolina proposes submitting a motion to
postpone this order.
Mr. IIAMLIN. No, this bill is now up by
unanimous consent, subject to a call for the
regular oider, and the Senator must recollect
that my colleague gave way all day yesterday
to the consideration of this bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I know that.
Mr. HAMLIN. He gave notice that he
wished to address the Senate. The Senator
from Illinois knows that I am friendly to his
bill. I say to him that I think his motion is
an ill-advised one, and I make the suggestion
as a friend of the bill and a friend of the Sen-
ator. I hope he will withdraw his motion.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well. I will say to the
Senator that there seems to be a disposition on
