3272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a sub-
stitute for the original bill.
Mr. WILSON. I move that it, be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
soldiers' discharges.
The "VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 309) to prohibit
the retention of soldiers' discharges by claim
agents and attorneys.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was read, as follows :
Strike out the words " improperly retain or refuse
to deliver the discharge papers of any such soldier,
sailor, or marine, or commissioned officer," and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
Reram without the consent of the owner or own-
ers thereof, oi i-hall refuse to deliver or account
for, upon demand duly made by the owner or own-
ers thereof, or by their agent or attorney, the dis-
charge paoers ot any sueh soldier, sailor, or marine,
orcomini^ioned officer, whichmay have been placed
in his hands tor tho purpose of collecting said claim.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the bill be read as
it will stand if amended.
The Chief Cleric read as follows :
That any claim agent, attorney or other person
engaged in Hie collection of claims for pay, bounty,
peiiMon, or other allowances for any soldier, sailor,
or marine, or for any commissioned officcr of the
military or naval forces, or who may have been a
soldier, sailor, marine, or officer of tho rogular or
volunteer lorem of tho United States, and honor-
ably discharged, who shall retain without tho con-
sent ot the owner or owners thereof, or shall refuse
to deliver or account for, upon demand duly uiado
hv theowner or owners thereol, or by then ag<'htor
attorney, tho discharge paper of any such soldier,
sailor, oi mniino, or commissioned officer, wlneh
may have been placed in his hands for tho purpose
of collecting said claim, shall be deemed guilty of
n misdemeanor, andshall. upon conviction, be pun-
ished by fine notoxeeediiiK ft5()l) or by imprisonment
not exceeding six monls or both, at the discietion
of I he court, and '-ha li thereafter be debarred from
prosecuting any Mich claim in any executive de-
partment of (ho Government.
Tho amendment, was concurred in.
t'kotk.otion ok national clomhthur k8.
The VICE PRESIDENT hud before tho
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 4Hi) to amend
an act en tilled "An act to establish and to pro-
tect national cemeteries," approved February
22, 1807.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives wan in section two. line three, to strike
out 'Seventy-live to one hundred" and insert
in lieu thereof the words "sixty to seventy-
live so as to read :
"That the superintendents of tho national eome-
tci ion shall receive, for thoircompensatiou from sixty
to soventy-jjvc dollars," &e.
Mr. WHjSON. I move that the Senate con-
cur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
appointment of paymaster gnnkral.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 46o) to enable
the President to appoint a Paymaster General
of the Army.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
■which was in line seven, after the word "gen-
eral," to insert the words, "with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a colonel."
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
disagree to the amendment of the House and
ask tor a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate to be ap-
pointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to j and the Vice
President appointed Mr. Wilson, Mr. Moutost,
and Mr. Blair.
i'0'ti >-rwro\-, nkw Mexico.
'I he \l'-E PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate ill.' amendment, of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 600) to reduce
the limits of (he miij ary reservation at Fort
Stanton, New Mexico.
The amendment was to strike out the words
"settlement and occupation under the home-
stead," and in lieu thereof insert "entry and
settlement under the;" so as to read, "and
the balance of the reservation to be thrown
open to entry and settlement under the laws
of the United States."
Mr. WILSON. I move a concurrence in
that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS FOR DISABLED SOLDIERS
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 471) to amend
an act entitled "An act supplementary to an
act to provide for furnishing artificial limbs to
disabled soldiers," approved June 30. 1870.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the hill and
amendment, be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives, were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs:
A bill (II. R. No. 1272) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish and protect
national cemeteries," approved February 22,
1807;
A bill (II. Ii. No. 1428) for the relief of
John L. liullard ;
A bill (II. R. No. l.">13) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to expend certain moneys for
the purpose of sinking an artesian well Oil the
Fort I). A. Russell military reservation, in
Wyoming Territory ;
'A bill (II. R. No. 1709) for the relief of
Maior John W. Todd ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1829) for the settlement
of the account of Major Abram Beeler, late
paymaster of United States volunteers;
A bill (II. R. No. 2136) to authorize an ap-
pointment in the inspector general's depart-
ment ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2G97) relative to retired
officers of the Army ;
A bill (II. R. No, 2098) to provide for the
payment for certain property taken by the
(lovernmeut, lor the extension of the military
reservation at Camp Mohave, in the Territory
of Arizona ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2090) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish and protect na-
tional cemeteries," approved February 22,
1807 ;
A bill (II. It. No. 2700) donating condemned
cannon balls to certain organizations for
monumental purposes-,
A bill (II. R. No. 2702) to authorize the
Secretary of War to furnish the State of Min-
nesota with live hundred stand of arms ;
A bill (H. It. No. 2708) authorizing the
Secretary of War to furnish a duplicate cer-
tificate of discharge where the same has been
lost;
A bill (II. Jt. No. 2704) for tho relief of S.
I'. Jocelyn; and
A bill (11. 11. No. 2700) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the disposition
of useless military reservations," approved
February 24, 1871.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
late soldiers and sailors of the United States
volunteer Army and Navy, in favor of the pas-
sage of a bill to provide industrial homes and
training schools lor the orphans of the soldiers
and sailors who served in the Army or Navy
ol the United States during the war of the re-
bellion ; which were referred to the Committee
on -Military Affairs.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state that yesterday he received a peti-
tion by telegraph from the chairman and sec-
retary of a committee of one hundred of San
Francisco, on the subject of the bill in regard
to Goat Island, objecting to it, and protesting
against some non-publication in the newspapers
of protests they have heretofore sent.
Mr. COLE. I ask that it be read, and pub-
lished in the Globe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California desires this to be laid on the
table, and printed in the Globe.
Mr. CAMERON. I object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania objects.
Mr. CAMERON. I think it would be a very
wrong precedent to have telegrams read here
to operate on the proceedings of this body.
Mr. COLE. Then it had better be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objection is
made, the Chair will reserve it, for he does
not desire to obtrude petitions sent to him
upon the Senate. In his opinion, they should
be sent to the Senators representing the States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee 
Mr. CASSERLY. Allow me to ask the
Chair what disposition was made of that peti-
tion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
that he had received a telegraphic dispatch
which has the signatures in writing of Richard
G. Smith, chairman, and Albert Wheeling,
secretary, but written' of course by the tele-
graph operator, complaining of the non-public-
ation by certain newspapers of the Associated
Press of some protests sent on by telegraph in
opposition to the bill in regard to Goat Island,
and also opposing that bill, and asking the
Vice President and the Speaker of the House
to lay this before the Congress of the United
States by order of the committee of one hun-
dred. The Chair has always doubted whether
telegraphic dispatches could be regarded as
petitions; but as he was requested t,o lay this
lietore the body, he asked consent to do so.
There was objection to that; and the Chair
stated that these petitions should be sent really
through Senators when the States are repre-
sented. There appears to be objection, the
Chair understands, to this petition being thus
transmitted through the Chair.
Mr. CASSERLY. I regret the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] objected.
Mr. CASSERLY. The course has been
frequently followed since I have been in the
Senate, at least several times, of having a
memorial by telegraph read as though it had
been regularly forwarded by mail.
Mr. SHERMAN. The objection is not to
the presentation in the form of a telegram,
because that has been done many times ; but
by the Vice President, who is not a member
of this body. The Vice President can hand
it to either of the Senators, and they can
present it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will,
with great pleasure, hand the petition to either
of the Senators from California; and they can
test the question before the Senate, as the
Chair could not, because he cannot debate
questions of that kind as a member of the
body, which ho is not.
Mr. FliELINGHUYSEN presented the
memorial of the Presbyterian society of Dal-
ton, Georgia, praying compensation for a
church building alleged to have been de-
stroyed by United States troops ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of William
H. Hendrickson, president of the board of
visitors of the agricultural college of New
Brunswick, New Jersey, praying Congress to
bestow a further grant of land to certain scien-
tific and polytechnic institutions in the various
States of the Union which received the ben-
efits of the congressional act of July 2, 1802,
for the promotion of colleges of agriculture
and the mechanic acts ; which was leferredto
the Committee on Education and Labor.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
the United States, protesting against any
