2376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
$246,314 90. That was the amount awarded
by a commission, and would have been the
sum then paid if the bill had passed as it stood
at that time. The assessments made for the
purpose of taxation this year upon these two
squares amounts to $878,481. What the award
will be in case this amendment passes, I can-
not say, but I fear it will amount to $-500,000.
I have now stated the principal facts that
bear upon the case. 1 only wish to say in
addition that I agree with gentlemen around
me that it is a shame that the approaches arid
surroundings of this noblest and most beauti-
ful of our public buildings, the Capitol of the
country, should be in the condition they now
are; and a greater shame that we have allowed
a portion ol'ihese grounds to be delivered over
to a railroad corporation. But 1 remind the
committee of the increase which this measure
will make in our appropriations. 1 am anx-
ious to keep the amount of expenditures as
lowas possible, For myself, 1 shall vote against
the amendment, but 1 have tried to state the
case tairly, and I now ask a vote of the House.
Air. SARGENT. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I re-
new the amendment. Mr. Chairman, the con-
dition of thy public grounds atound the na-
tional Capitol has always seemed to me to be
a national disgrace. The citizen of any por-
tion of our country who comes here to the
Capitol of the nation,' if he be a stranger, ex-
pects to find here a magnificent public building
surrounded with well-cultivated grounds, suit-
able and in accordance with the magnitude of
the building and the dignity aud character
and resources of the nation. But wiieti such
a citizen of this great Republic, or a citizen
of a foreign Government, comes to the Capitol
of the nation, instead ot finding such sur-
ronndingsand embellishments, he finds instead
that it is situated in the midst ot' almost an
open common, deuuded of grass, seamed with
gullies, covered with stones, and over which
stray horses and cattle may range at their
leisure, and which seems to be merely the
depot of a parcel of railroads that are run-
ning to and from it. 1 repeat, therefore, that
the condition of alf'airs as it stands now is a
national disgrace; for even the magnificent
monument of the Father of his Country
which stands in front of this building is pro-
tected only by a ricKety. tumble-down woouen
fence, not even creditable to a farmer's barn-
yard, and that on that square there are one
or two miserable old wuocien sliauties ill jux-
taposition with that monument, so that 1 may
say in a word tliat all the surroundings of the
Capitol are unworthy of this great nation.
1 say, therefore, that it would be a matter
of pride to the people of the couutry, nay,
that they would all rejoice, if we make the
moderate expenditure which is here pro-
posed; they would all be glad that we would
invest a small portion of the people's money,
the portion that is required for the proper
embellishment and adornment of the national
Capitol. I.would have these squares pur-
chased for public use, and instead of having
a country tavern at one corner and an eating
and diinking-saloon at the other, I would
have them appropriated as provided in the
bill and ihe buildings razed to the ground,
the ground properly graded, planted with
trees, sown with grass, ornamented with shrub-
bery and flowers, aud adorned with statues, and
made in every way conformable in design and
execution with suitable surroundings of this
great edifice, so as to be a pride and pleasure
to eveiy citizen of this country when he may
choose to coinc here and visit the national
Capitol.
1 hope, therefore, that there is no member
here to day who will object to voting this
small sum for the purposes contemplated,
especially when he remembers that by the
measures ihat are about being introduced into
the House concerning reice.ichment ot' the
Government expenditures and a reduction of
the taxes imposed upon the people we shall
reduce their burdens by a sum more than a
hundred times as large as the sum proposed
to be expended for this purpose. 1 trust,
therefore, that there will be no hesitation on
the part of any member to vote for this appro-
priation. And I am glad to observe that, so
far as any expression of opinion has been
made here as yet, the members are unani-
mously in favor of this measure for the proper
extension and suitable adornment of the
national Capitol grounds, approaches, and sur-
roundings.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOORE obtained the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unan-
imous consent that all debate upon the pend-
ing amendment may be terminated with the
remarks of the gentlemen from Illinois, [Mr.
Moore,] who now has the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object ta that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will include
the remarks of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holuan.]
Mr. W. JR. ROBERTS and others objected.
Mr. MOORE. I think 1 would take as
much pride in the beauty of the Capitol and
its surroundings as perhaps any other member
of this House. And 1 suppose, from indi-
cations that 1 see about me, that ill time this
property may be purchased and the improve-
ments made which have been suggested. But
I do feel a serious opposition to undertaking
right now to do everything that has to be done
by this Gov&rnment for that puipose. With
all the burdens of taxation now resting on the
people, with the genera! desire there is to
reduce those burdens, and at the same time
pay off annually a reasonable amount of the
public debt, I think we might afford to defer
for a time some of the magnificent schemes
of improvement that are recommended to us.
The gentleman from Pennsy lvania [Mr. Towx-
SEXdJ thinks that the national Capitol is a
national disgrace 
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Not
the Capitol building, but the grounds around it.
Mr. MOORE. And that when strangers
come here they feel scandalized, they feel that
the country is degraded in that the grounds
about, the Capitol are so unsightly. Now, sir,
when I first came to the capital I found not
only the Capitol building but tiie grounds them-
selves more magnificent than I had expected.
Still 1 would like to see all those improvements
made at the proper time. But the appropria-
tion of $500,001) now asked tor this purpose
will not be enough. If we make this appropri-
ation we will not stop short of two or three
million dollars before the work is completed ;
and 1 apprehend that the expenditure will
have to be made in a very short period of time.
Sir, it has been declared here time and again
that we have not the money necessary to pay
the poor widows of our soldiers the little pen-
sions that they ask at our hands. Some of our
best men say they would not object to a more
liberal scheme of pension payments if it was
not for the immense amount it would take
from the Treasury. During the Forty-First
Congress some eighty-four persons w^re re-
lieved at a cost to the 1'reasury ot only §11,000.
That was the amount of money spent by Con-
gress in its liberality in that direction.
Now, sir, I say that no interest of this Gov-
ernment demands this immediate outlay. We
propose to leave something for our successors
m office to do; we do not want to do every-
thing now. We can wait, and in the mean
while the resources of the country will be de-
veloping and its revenues accumulating, while
the burdens of the people will be lessened.
Let us not crowd on all these heavy appropri-
ations, unless there is an immediate demand
or necessity therefor.
.sir, I am opposed to this proposition at the
prcoent time, not because t am opposed to
adorning and beauti.ymg the surroundings of
this Capitol; not because I am in favor of the
removal of the Capitol hereafter. The Amer-
ican people can do in that matter as chey
please. I am perfectly willing that the Capi-
tol shall remain here, and that as time goes
on it shall be properly beautified. But 1 do
not wish everything to be done now while the
people are demanding of us a reduction of
their burdens of taxation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNAKD. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore] that the
amendment does not propose an expenditure
of $500,000. No specific sum is named. The
amount, whatever it shall be, may be payable
this year or may not be paid till the next year.
That would depend upon how soon the title
could be perfected.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Towxsend] suggested that the
amount proposed to be appropriated in this
amendment is small. Now, sir, I think it
well enough to know what is appropriated. L
apprehend that no gentleman is able to indi-
cate very clearly how much we are to pay in
carrying out this project of embellishment. It
is conceded that this is not a work of necessity.
I have observed that within the last ten years
we have appropriated more money for the
embellishment and ornamentation of our Cap-
itol and its grounds than had been appro-
priated in all our previous history. These
appropriations have certainly not been impera-
tively demanded by the wants of the nation.
Sir, I infer from the confusion and excite-
ment prevailing in the House that this amend-
ment is to be concurred in and this money
appropriated; that for the purpose of orna-
menting the Capitol this addition is to be made
to the public grounds. I therefore wish topio-
pose an amendment which shall fix some limit
on the appropriation. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania indicated perhaps a lower sum
than he himself would regard as sufficient. I
move to amend by inserting after the word
" necessary," in line sixteen of section nine,
these words: " not exceeding $375,000."
Mr. ROOSEVELT obtained the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that, debate may be closed in ten
minutes.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. T object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. \Vill the gen-
tleman agree to close debate in fifteen minutes,
so that himself and two other gentlemen may
speak ?
Mr. POTTER. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then say twenty
minutes. That will give four gentlemen a
ch ance.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I object to that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 move, then,
that the conimiitee rise, that debate may be
closed by the House.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I hope that my col-
league [Mr. W. R. Roberts] will withdraw
his objection to the last proposition of the
genileman from Ohio.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Very well; I with-
draw my objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I with-
draw the motion that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
[.VIr. GarfieIvD] that debate on this proposi-
tion teiminate in twenty minutes?
There was no objection.
Mr. ROOSEV ELT. I move to amend the
pending amendment by striking out the last
word. Ihe objection which has been made
here to the amendment of the Senate for the
purchase of this ground—and it is the only
objection I have beard—is that we have not
money enough in the Treasury to rne.'t ihe
ordinary and proper demands upon it, and
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Moore,j
who urges this objection, has, vety curiously
it seems to me, biought to our attention the
" poor widows" who are applying to Congress
