4168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
of the court of inquiry concerning the opera-
tions of the army under the command of Gen-
eral Don Carlos Baell in Kentucky and Ten-
nessee ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2937) making a transfer
of a pension appropriation from one fund to
another; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 82) providing
for a more effective system of quarantine on
the southern and Gulf coasts.
final adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill lie
on the table for the present for us to go on with
the resolution that has come from the House of
Representatives. It is important that the de-
cision of the Senate on that question should be
known immediately, so.that we can govern our
action accordingly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
man.) Does the Senator move to lay the bill on
the table?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; or let it be passed
over informally if that can be done by general
consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
bill will be passed over informally, if there is no
objection,to consider the resolution indicated by
the Senator from Ohio, which will he reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the Senate reso-
lution, which was to strike out all after the word
"concurring," and insert as follows:
That the d:iy of final adjournment of the second
session of the Forty-Second Congress be extended to
Monday, June iO, at twelve o'eloek meridian, at
which time the President of the Senate and Speaker
of the House shall adjourn their respective Houses
without day.
Mr. SHERMAN. "I believe that we can
close the business of this session fully by that
time. It is manifestly impossible to close it
by Monday next. However, I wish to get the
sense of the Senate, and believing that the
amendment of the House ought to be adopted,
I move that the Senate concur in the amend-
ment proposed by the House.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is an amendment to
that in order? If so, I move as an amend-
ment that the Senate non-concur in the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives, and
ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. POME ROY. I think we had better
have a committee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no time for a
committee of conference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The first
question is on concuning, I take it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question is on concurring.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend, that
the Senate non-concur and ask for a confer-
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to my friend
from Michigan that the question is undoubt-
edly on concurring. He accomplishes his
purpose if he signifies his intention, if the Sen-
ate should non-concur, then to ask for a com-
mittee of conference. Therefore, T ask the
Senator to make his appeal to the Senate to
non concur, and vote against the motion to
concur, declaring his purpose to move a com-
mittee of conference if that shall be the vote
of the body.
Mr. CflANDLER. I accept the suggestion
of the Senator from New York, and will ask
the Senate not to concur, and give notice that
I will then move acommittee of conference.
Mr. CONKLING. Those who want a com-
mittee of conference will vote in the negative.
Those who want to concur will vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why notconcur with the
House of Representatives and not ask for a
conference? It is manifest that within the
week we can dispose of all the business either
House desires to pass. There are three or
four important bills, and the week allowed by
the. House of Representatives will give us
ample time to discuss and act upon every
proposition that is pending in either House
under the rules of the two Houses.
Now, Mr. President, my experience teaches
me that to have a conference' on a question
that has been two or three times voted upon
by the respective Houses will be a waste of
time, and it will cause us to exhaust ourselves
by a night session to-night, because until this
question of adjournment is settled, we cannot
adjourn at all; we must stay here all night,
and all day to-morrow, and all to-morrow
night, till this matter is agreed upon, unless
indeed we have made up our minds deliber-
ately to defeat the concurrent resolution of the
two Houses for the adjournment, and compel
the President of the United States to call
them together in extra session.
Now, when the House of Representatives
proposes to give us one week longer to dispose
of our business, it seems to me it is all we can
ask. My own opinion is that we could have
closed the session of this body by next Mon-
day easily and well, and disposed of every bill,
but for the unjustifiable thrusting in of apolit-
ical debate on the tariff bill and the pending
appropriation bill. I have no right to re-
proach anybody for that; but it has been
done ; Senators have availed themselves of
their rights to do it; but the rights of others
must be respected ; the rights of others who
have been assailed must be respected, and
now the House of Representatives have given
us ample time to discuss reasonably and con-
sider and act upon every question that may
come before us.
The proposition of my honorable friend
from Michigan will only hold us here in con-
tinual session, and compel the President of the
United States to call us together to discharge
duties that we shall leave undetermined and
neglected. Now, think of the idea of having
a conference at this time, only two hours
before Sunday, to debate and confer upon a
matter of this kind 1 What could a conference
do? Could they propose to postpone it longer?
Does any Senator desire more than a week to
close the business now pending? . No one
proposes to hold the session more than a week
longer so far as I know. What object can we
have in this? Is it to name a shorter time?
If the Senate think we can dispose of the
business in a shorter time, all we have to do is
to amend this proposition and make the time
shorter; but I take it the Senator from Mich-
igan does not expect to get away before Mon-
day week, and within that time we can dispose
of the business.
I hope, therefore, the Senate without fur-
ther delay will concur, and not send this reso-
lution to a committee of conference to be
quarreled over by the,two Houses ; but let us
act ourselves, understanding the business be-
fore us, and decidc according to our judg-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, this
body sent over a request, a very polite request,
to the House of Representatives to return the
resolution that had lain there four months
without action. The House, instead of re-
turning it, saw fit to adopt it after it had lain
four months on its table. Now, we to-day, by
an overwhelming vote, have refused to appoint
Monday week a3 the day of our final adjourn-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state to the Sena-
tor that I know some Senators did that because
they thought that but for the resolution to
rescind the resolution of adjournment they
could not get such a favorable proposition
from the House of Representatives. I know
that argument was used to me, that that was
the only way by which we could get a week's
delay, and therefore that plan was adopted,
and we have succeeded in getting this resolu-
tion from the House of Representatives giving
us a week.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that the Senate
will non-concur.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. When the
resolution was up here, amended to adjourn
a week from Monday, the argument used with
me and with others was that the House would
not grant any such terms. Now the House
has sent it here, and it is palpable to every
Senator that the time is sufficient to get
through with all the business that is necessary
to be done at this session. If it is more than
enough, so that we can adjourn two or three
days sooner, we shall have the right to make
that proposition, and I have no doubt that if
we are able to make it ar.d do make it, it will
be accepted with alacrity. I trust we thall
have no more fooling about this question, but
will pass this resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurrence.
Mr. CHANDLER. The House has already
concurred in our resolution to rescind the
other resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. They have
concurred with an amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, if we reject this amend-
ment the concurrence stands.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, they have concurred
with an amendment, which is the very propo-
sition we are now to vote upon. 1 hope no
Senator will vote on that supposition.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ohio,
as every other Senator, knows that as to next
week, the shadow thrown over us, that it
will be devoted to political debate in this body,
and Senators have announced to-day tbat they
intend to occupy the time of the Senate if
they can do so under the rules next week for
that purpose. If we debate politics here one
week, are we any better off to adjourn on
Monday week ?
Mr. SHERMAN. If I had power over the
matter I would not allow that debate at all.
I believe the fire of yesterday would be re-
pelled by the people of the United States, who
will resent an attack upon the President in
the last hours of the session. If I had my
way, I would turn these arguments to the
people of the United States. But at the same
time I can see the propriety and sensibility,
that it is right that here where these attacks
were made they should be replied to. One
week, yes, one day, is enough to reply to those
attacks.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator and myself
feel alike about that. Neither of us, I pre-
sume, will occupy a moment of time; but time
is to be occupied, we cannot wink the fact out
of sight. Notice has been given, Senators
have said so. Now, if we spend next week in
that kind of debate, where is the public busi-
ness? A conference between the two Houses
may reconcile all these difficulties. When-
ever a committee of three of each House think
the public business is m such a situation as
that Congress can adjourn, let theua report it
and we can agree at once. I think it is the
safest and best way. Every Senator wants to
finish the public business. No one wants to
adjourn until it is finished. We are agreed
substantially about that. We have always had
one of these resolutions in the hands of acom-
mittee, generally the Committee on Finance ;
but as we are situated now, we might put it in
the hands of a committee of conference, then
each House is represented, and upon a harmo-
nious report we can adjourn. We do not
know what may happen next week. Who
wants to tie our hands up again?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Senator
from Kansas see that the committee of con-
ference has got to act between now ami twelve
o'clock on Monday or else the two Houses will
be adjourned at that hour. The conferees
have got to meet, agree upon something, and
report it and getit agreed to by the two Houses
before twelve o'clock on Monday. When they
meet together I would like to know if these
three persons from each House can learn any-
thing more than we now know ?
Mr. POMEROY. Very likely they can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see how they
