1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1481
Mr. HAWLEY. So far as I know, no ques-
tion touching that point has ever before been
made. The bill which passed the House be-
fore did not pretend to constitute eight hours'
labor a day's work, nor did it pretend to give
an interpretation to this law. It was simply
and unequivocally nothing but an appropria-
tion, and if wrong now, it was wrong then.
That is all I desire to say.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, I can explain
to the House this question so it can be under-
stood. There is a statute and there are regu-
lations made in pursuance of law which fix
it. The rate of wages in the navy-yards is
fixed by a comparison with wages paid for
similar services outside. The rate of wages is
ascertained and fixed in that regard. In other
places the rates of wages are fixed by regula-
tions of that character. That, sir, is in pursu-
ance of law.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I had the honor to
introduce the eight-hour law. It was con-
sidered and passed unanimously by the Judi-
ciary Committee on the part of the House.
A Member. Was it not the Committee on
Naval Affairs?
Mr. BANKS. No; it was the Judiciary
Committee. It was reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I introduced that
law, and it had nothing to do with the ques-
tion of wages whatever. It limited the hours
of a day's work. It did not touch by a cent
or a dollar the rate of wages. It did say, and
the Government had the right to do it, tho
number of hours and minutes which should
constitute a day's labor. In violation of the
laws to which 1 have alluded, and the regula-
tions of the Government under them, certain
officers undertook, having no authority what-
ever to act on it, to reduce the wages of work-
men, and they did reduce them. In other
words, they refused to pay the wages which
the law required should be paid to workmen.
That money which was refused to be paid to
the workmen was covered back into the Treas-
ury. The President of the United States hav-
ing that fact represented to him, on consulta-
tion with his Cabinet, by unanimous agreement
of the members of the Cabinet, it was determ-
ined that the refusal to pay wages to these
workmen was a violation of the laws upon
the statute-book. It was determined that it
had nothing to do with the eight-hour law. It
was determined that the eight-hour law only
referred to the hours which were considered
as a day's work, and had nothing whatever to
do with the workmen's wages ; that the rate
of wages of Workmen after the passage of this
eight-hour law was to remain under the regu-
lations and laws as it had been before. This
money which was refused to the workmen,
this money which was not paid to the work-
men—to which they were justly entitled under
the law—now remains in the Treasury. By
law they have the right to tho wages which
were promised them, and by law what was
unjustly withheld from them should be paid
over to them. By law the officers of the
Government would be obliged to pay that
money to them. Inasmuch as we passed a
law by which it was provided that all money
not disbursed on a certain day should be cov-
ered back into the Treasury, this money which
was withheld from the workmen has, under
that law, been covered into the Treasury; and
therefore there is now required another law
to be passed so as to pay them the money which
belongs to them. It is as much a deficiency
as any Congress has passed here day after
day.
Mr. L. MYERS rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to rule that gentlemen must confine themselves
in their remarks to the point of order, and not
run off into the merits of the pending propo-
sition.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to dis-
cussing the merits of the proposition on a
point of order.
Mr. L. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I can
scarcely add anything to what has already been
said in elucidation of the question before the
House. So far as the history of the eight-hour
law is concerned it may be not improper for me
to state that I took some active part in its
passage; and I will add one or two points
which I think have not been covered by
gentlemen who have preceded me. In June,
1868, we passed what is known as the eight-
hour law. It was not a law to deduct any-
thing from the wages of the laboring men, but
merely declared that eight hours should con-
stitute a day's work for all laborers, workmen,
and mechanics employed by the Government.
The men employed in the navy-yards are
paid by the day. The ship-joiners and car-
penters and other workmen are paid by the
day a certain rate of wages which is fixed
by assimilation with the rate of wages for
the same services paid outside. Officers of
the Government took the ground that by the
passage of the eight-hour law so much was
to be taken from the wages of the laboring
men. Congress never so intended. Not a single
member of the committee reporting the bill
ever so intended. While this reduction was
made at the navy-yard in Philadelphia, the
full amount of wages was paid at the Phila-
delphia arsenal. In conjunction with others
I called upon the Secretary of the Navy, but
he declined to decide the matter. The ques-
tion was referred to the Attorney General,
but he did not decide, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts would lead us to suppose. I
do not know what his final decision was. His
first decision was contrary to tho President's
proclamation.
Mr. BANKS. That is the fact.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. May I ask the gen-
tleman a question there?
Mr. L. MYERS. Let me finish my state-
ment, and I will then, if I have time, answer
any question which may be put to me. I
know what I am speaking of. From the
Attorney General it went to the President,
and the President issued his proclamation of
May, 1869, in which he declared that this law
should be enforced.
Mi'. BANKS. It was submitted to the Cab-
inet.
Mr. L. MYERS. It was submitted, as I
understand, to the Cabinet, and adopted by
them. But those were the earlier stages, and
although we may perhaps be talking here a
little out of order, I have thought this history
may not bo uninteresting. The President's
proclamation, following up what had been done
by Congress, declared that eight hours should
be a day's labor in the Government employ,
and that no deduction should be made on that
account from the pay of the laborer. The
proclamation did not make it any more the law
than it was before, or any less ; if the procla-
mation was wrong we had the right to revise
it. But it has been acquiesced in as law.
Now, we appropriated in those years to pay
the men who labored under the Government;
and it appears that we did not appropriate
enough. In certain places we deducted one
fifth of their wages per day from the men,
but only in certain places, certain navy-yards,
and certain arsenals. From that tim e forward
all the men were paid as Congress intended;
but between the date of the passage of the act
and the date of the President's proclamation,
certain men had deductions made from their
wages. Now, if it was proper under the law
to appropriate in those yeai-3 the pay for ton
hours, and if it was proper to appropriate that
for certain navy-yards and arsenals under the
eight-hour law, then it is proper to do so for
all. If we find certain sums omitted, it is
proper that a deficiency bill shall include
them. This is a deficiency bill, and in this
deficiency bill we propose to pay to those men
who have had the amounts deducted from
them the deficiency which should have been
appropriated originally.
I have said enough, I think, to show that
the point of order is ill taken. We appropriated
for some of the men at the eight hours' rate,
and for others we forgot or omitted or declined
to do it. And now we propose to do it in a
deficiency bill, where it is right and proper
such an appropriation should bo made. I
desire to add just one remark, and that is,
that when the Secretary of the Navy saw these
men who made the appeal to him it was prom-
ised distinctly that, if the Attorney General or
the President should decide in their favor,
they should be paid the back amount deducted
from them. That is the history of the case,
and I think it is of some importance that it
should have been given as bearing upon the
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule on
the point of order. It appears to"the Chair
that, as the law in force during the period
covered by this proposed amendment author-
ized and required the payment of a day's
wages for eight hours' labor, if workmen em-
ployed by the Government have been paid but
a part, say eight-tenths of what was due them
according to law, there is needed no new legis-
lation other than an appropriation to author-
ize the payment of the remainder. The Chair,
therefore, overrules the point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I
rise to oppose the amendment. It has been
conceded that a portion of these men on all
the public works did work ten hours a day. I
know that was the case with some works in
my neighborhood. There the men or a por-
tion of them worked ten hours, and received
their day's pay for ten hours' work. If this
amendment should prevail, you will pay a por-
tion of the men who worked only eight hours as
much wages asyoupay to those who worked ten.
The law provides that the Government shall
pay the men on the public works wages corre-
sponding to those received by the like mechan-
ics outside. Now, stone-cutters, for instance,
were working outside ten hours a day, for
four or five dollars, as the case may be. Well,
we prescribe by law that eight hours shall be
a day's work for the Government workmen.
If you pay for eight hours' work as much wages
as you before paid for ten, you are not paying
the same wages as are paid to workmen out-
side ; you arc paying one fifth more.
I say, sir, there never was a more mischiev-
ous act passed than that of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] There never
was an act passed more mischievous in its
character, or more calculated to create dissat-
isfaction and demagogism in this country than
that act of four or five lines emanating from
the gentleman from Massachusetts. Why ?
Because it made a day's work on the public
works in every place, where men work the
least and play the most, a day's work of less
hours than where private men hired mechanics
in the same manner and of the same ability,
thus creating a distinction between mechanics
working for theUnited States Governmentand
those working either for States or for individ-
uals. Any such legislation as that is most
mischievous.
Now, I understand that this simple little
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will take out of
the Treasury ot the United States over four
hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. DAWES. Let me correct the gentle-
man. This is the truth. The Treasury has
got out of a portion of the laborers employed
by the Government, by taking two hours of
their pay, overfour hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
can correct my statement, let him do so.
Mr. DAWES. I will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In what respect?
Mr. DAWES. The amount which the Treas-
ury by this erroneous construction has got out
of the Government's own laborers and em-
ploys is $450,000.
