£ 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3273
amendment to the Constitution by which for-
eign-born persons may be eligible to the office
of President; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Mines
and Mining, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 716) to incorporate the Utah Rail-
road, Mining, and Land Company, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred th'e
bill (S. No. 885) to reimburse George S.
Fisher for losses sustained in the building and
burning up of the consulate of the United
States, at Kanagawa, Japan, November 26,
1866, reported it with amendments.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Rev. J. W. W. Bolton, of West Virginia, late
chaplain in the Army, praying to be allowed
a pension, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that the petitioner
has leave to withdraw his petition and papers ;
which was agreed to.
PUBLIC 15DILDINS AT FALL RIVER.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds have
instructed me to report back two House bills
providing for public buildings, one at Rock-
land and one at Fall River, Massachusetts,
one bill making no appropriation and one
making an appropriation of $25,000; and as
these are the only bills of the kind from the
House of Representatives, which has been ex-
ceedingly economical, I ask to have them con-
sidered at the present moment. I think they
will give rise to no debate.
Mr. KELLOGG, If I let this pass I shall
have to let others pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object or not ?
Mr. KELLOGG. No, sir.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2682) authorizing the
construction of a public building at Fall River,
in the State of Massachusetts. The bill is a
direction to the Secretary of the Treasury to
purchase at private sale or by condemnation,
in pursuance of the"statute of the State of Mas-
sachusetts, a lot of ground in the city of Fall
River, Massachusetts, suitable for a site for a
public building in that city, for the accommo-
dation of the post office, custom house, and
other offices of the United States, and to erect
a building thereon, at a cost not exceeding,
including the cost of the ground, $200,000, the
plans for the building to be approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Postmaster
General. But no money which may hereafter
be appropriated for this purpose is to be used
or expended until a valid title t,o the ground
for the site of the building shall be vested in
the United States, and until the State of Mas-
sachusetts shall cede its jurisdiction over the
site, and shall also duly release and relinquish
to the United States the right to tax, or in any
way assess, the site or the property of the Uni-
ted States that may be thereon during the time
that the United States shall be or remain the
owner thereof.
Mr. MORRILL of Vermont. This makes
no appropriation, but merely authorizes the
selection of a site.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The other bill
reported by the Senator from Vermont is the
bill (EL. R. No. 2616) authorizing 
Mr. KELLOGG. I object ami I ask unani-
mous consent, to take up Senate bill No. 08.
Mr. SUMNEll. I wish to introduce a
bill.
Mr. MORRILL of Vermont. I withdraw
the last report.
TRANSIT OF ANIMALS.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I desire to take
up the bill in reference to the transit of cattle
if there be no objection. It has passed the
House.
Mr. SUMNER. That is an excellent bill,
whi<jh ought to pass.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think it will
occupy very little time.
^Mr. SUMNER. But I wish to introduce a
bill merely to have it printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call is still
resting at reports of committees. The Senator
from New Jersey asks consent to consider the
bill in regard to the transit of cattle. Is there
objection ?
Mr. BAYARD. I have a Senate resolution
to offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has pri-
ority ; but resolutions have not yet been
rpftnhp rl
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will, if the
bill is taken up, consent to lay it aside for
morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to its being taken up with that condition?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move, then,
that the bill be set down specially for Monday
evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Monday even-
ing has been assigned for the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Not interfer-
ing with the bills of the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey asks that the bill moved by
him be set down for next Monday's evening
session, not to interfere with the Committee
on Naval Affairs. Is there objection to that
proposition?
Mr. BAYARD. Does the Senator propose
to ask the consideration and passage of the
bill at that time?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir. It is
a bill that has passed the House, and I think
there will be very little if any objection to it.
Mr. BAYARD. I know it has passed the
House.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I have no
objection to setting this hill down for a partic-
ular day: but it is an important bill, involving
no inconsiderable interests, as well as great
principles, and a night session is not partic-
ularly adapted to such a bill. On Monday
night we are to consider other measures of
public importance, I think coming from the
Naval Committee, and we may have a very
thin Senate by the time we reach the consider-
ation of this question. I object, therefore, to
its being assigned for a night session unless it
be a nigiit session devoted to this bill alone.
Mr. ETIELINGHUYSEN. Then I give no-
tice that. I will call it up to-morrow in the
morning hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say before
that matter passes from our consideration that
while I think it a very desirable thing to do to
provide some way against cruelty to animals
that are being transported on the cars, the
Senator from New Jersey must know that that
involves the whole question of congressional
authority overall the railroads of the United
States, and whether we have a right to take
charge of them.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Before the Sen-
ator takes his seal 1 must say that I do not
think it involves any question upon which
there will be any difference of opinion among
Senators in this Chamber, that Congress has
the undoubted right to regulate commerce
between the States, because the Constitution
says so io so many words. I do not see that
there is any room for argumeut.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a word
upon this subject, to which I paid a good deal
of attention a few years ago. I know that the
kindlier people of the whole country are in-
terested and excited on this subject,. I believe
also that the bill which has passed the House
of Representatives meets the approbation of
all the transporting companies in the country.
The railroads and owners of cars are anxious
that the question should be settled, and I am
satisfied that there is not a member of the
Senate who, if he will study the subject for a
few moments, will oppose the bill. It is on
the one part a humanitarian question, exciting
very much many people of the country, and '
the bill is also agreed to by the business peo-
ple of the country. I trust that some early
day or evening will be assigned for the dispo-
sition of the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2397)
granting a pension to Margaret C. Gibson, have
had the same under consideration, and direct
pe to report it back without amendment, and
if there is no objection I should like to have
the bill passed now.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to introduce a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. PRATT. 1 submit a report to accom-
pany the bill, and I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
858) granting a pension to John B. Rose, of
Indiana, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report thereon : which was ordered
to be printed.-
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to
whom were referred sundiy petitions from
citizens of Iowa, citizens of Philadelphia, and
citizens of Wyandott, Kansas, praying for the
passage of House bill No. 1738, allowing
totally and partially disabled soldiers and sea-
men increased pensions, have had the same
under consideration, and have directed me to
report them back with the recommendation
that they lie upon the table. I wish to say m
this connection that the committee some days
since directed me to report a bill upon the
same subject, a bill which increases the pen-
sions of those who lost both eyes orboth hands
in the military or naval service to thirty dollars
a month, and the pensions of those who lost
both feet or one hand and one foot to twenty-
four dollars a month, and of those who lost
one hand or one foot to eighteen dollars a
month. It is a measure of great justice-, and
I have once before appealed to the Senate for
its consideration. It is a Senate bill, and it
is necessary that it should go to the House of
Representatives ; and there should be early
action upon it here for that reason. I am
quite sure that not a member of the Senate
will object to the provisions of the bill when
it comes to be considered. I now ask unani-
mous consent that it may be taken up.
Mr. VICIvERS. I have morning business
to present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland has been on the floor for some
time with morning business. The Chair sug-
gests to the Senator from Indiana that perhaps
he can obtain unanimous consent at some
early day.
Mr. PRATT. I will ask for the consider-
ation of this bill to-morrow morning.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on .
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of Gerhard Wessels, reported a bill (S. No.
1099) to grant an American register to the
British brig Balear; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 2093)^ to
grant an American register to the Hawaiian
