1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4169
can, for no business is to be done in the mean
time. It is now Saturday night, nearly ten
o'clock; we shall adjourn directly. Suppose
the Senate committee is appointed, and it' the
House has not adjourned—I do not know
whether it has or not—it appoints a commit-
tee; they meet to night; what can that com-
mittee do ? They have got to report back and
have their report acted upon. Will they have
any information upon which to fix a day any
better than the two Houses have it ? Manifest ly
nothing is to be accomplished by a commit-
tee of conference. The House has already
adjourned, I am told.
Mr. KELLOGG. That is a mistake; it has
taken a recess.
Mr. CONKLING. An arrangement to ad-
journ on a week from Monday is very unsatis-
factory to me as one member of the Senate,
and yet I rim not sure that I shall not vote to
concur in this resolution for reasons which have
in part been stated. It would be much more
agreeable to me to have no day fixed whatever
and let the session proceed.
We had yesterday issued from this Chamber
a pronunciamiento, a ukase, or a pair of them,
addressed to the Philadelphia convention. Now,
I agree with the Senator from Kansas that it
would be very pleasant to have time enough to
reply to the extraordinary utterances to which
we were compelled to listen yesterday; but I
returned that Senator that the provocation to
do so is not as great as it has been many
another time when the public business has
been allowed to proceed without interruption
for political debate. I do not think we should
allow ourselves to be diverted from the wisest
course upon that question by any provocation
which has been given to enter political discus-
sion, while I should be uncandid to deny that
if the session were to be extended until the
business could be disposed of, [ should be very
glad to see a political discussion take place, .
and I am afraid I should inflict my share of it
upon the Senate.
Mr. POMBUOY. I hope you will.
Mr. CONKLING. But I say to my friend
from Kansas that I think we can abundantly
afford to forego the^ opportunity for political
discussion now. I will not dilate upon it, but
I think I could assign reasons in which he
would concur with me in thinking that we are
not called upon to take any extraordinary pro-
ceeding in order to bring within our reach an
opportunity for political debate.
The House of Representatives has determ-
ined, it seems, not to extend the session
beyond the time named. If we can confine it
to doing business, if we are exempted from
interruptions of an extraneous character, I
hope and I believe that we can complete the
business; and therefore, although like my
fiiend from Michigan and the Senator from
Kansas I would gieatly prefer an extended
session, a session extended beyond that, I do
not think I can conscientiously vote to non-
concur in this resolution. My impression is
that it is the safest way out now, looking to
the public interest and our legislative duties,
which we are bound first of all to regard ; and
therefore I am willing for one to commit
these essays, denunciations, whatever they may
be called, which we tieard read yesterday to
the purpose for which they were designed—to
reverse (for that seems to have been the de-
sign) the convictions of a convention com-
posed of some seven hundred men, embracing
many of the wisest, purest, and most honored
citizens of the Republic. I do not think that
any Senator on this side of the Chamber can
really suppose that, designed for that purpose,
they require us to stay here and jeopard the
public business, or hazard an extra session of
Congress, in order that the Senator from Kan-
sasa and the Senator Michigan and myself and
other Senators may indulge the very natural
and unavoidable inclination that they feel to
say something in reply. So that, differing as
I do with hesitation from my friend who asks
us to non-concur, and from the Senator from
Kansas, I feel constrained to vote to concur
in this resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am very sorry to hear
my honorable friend from New York change
his position. I think in the whole course of
my life 1 have never heard so brutal an assault
made upon mortal man as was made yester-
day upon the Chief Executive of the United
States, and I think it would be criminal on the
part of my honorable friend from New York
not to respond to that assault. I propose to
say a few words upon that subject myself, if
time is given, and I hope that my friend from
New York will reconsider his decision to
forego that, political discussion.
Mr. CONKLINGr. If my friend will pardon
me, I will promise not to forego my share of
it if any opportunity is offered when I can
have that share without doing injury to the
measures before us. He may rely upon me
following hitn very closely if the opportunity
is offered without doing harm to the legisla-
tion of the Seriate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg my friend's par-
don, I will follow him. I shall be an humble
follower of my honorable friend from New
York. I shall not attempt to be a leader in
that discussion; I propose myself to be an
humble follower of my friend. Mr. President,
one of my reasons for desiring non-concur-
rence is that there may be an opportunity for
this discussion. I think there ought to be a
discussion. What have we to lose in this
political discussion, Mr. President? We have
nothing to lose and everything to gain while
the enemy is demoralized and routed before
the fight commences, absolutely demoralized;
and those brutal assaults made yesterday upon
a man who could not answer—he was not a
member of this body—those brutal assaults
made upon this floor upon one of the most
honored men that this nation ever saw, will
react with terrific force upon their authors.
["Question!" "Question!"!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concuriing in the amendment pro-
posed by the House of Representatives.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, I do not think
that we ought to agree to adjourn Monday a
week. It is utterly impossible for the proper
business of this session to be completed by
that time. Unless we can have a session with-
out limit we are to have continually upon
every measure of importance, certainly upoa
many of them, what was designated by the
Senator from Vermont as filibustering, but
whenever we have a session without limit the
filibustering operation will be stopped and we
shall be enabled to go to the regular business
of the session.
There are bills pending here which ought to
pass and in which my constituents, the whole
section of country which I with others on this
floor represent, desire should be passed.
Some of them are now before the Senate ;
some of them are before the House ; there is
not one of them that will be passed if next
Monday week is fixed upon as the day of
adjournment. I do not think that we can
facilitate business by fixing a day at all. The
propercourse for us to pursue is to non-concur
and let there be a committee of conference.
I shall be obliged to vote against concurrence
in the proposition to adjourn on Monday week.
I desire to test the sense of the Senate on that
question by some vote preliminary to a direct
vote, and m order to get at that I call for the
regular order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from North
Carolina wishes the sense of the Senate. I
will give him an opportunity, so far as I am
concerned. I therefore move that the appro-
piiation bill lie on the table until this matter
is disposed of.
Mr. POOL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that the appropriation
bill lie on the table.
The modon was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now [ move to resume the
consideration of the adjournment resolution.
The mot on was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on conturring in the amendment of the
House of Eepresentatives to the resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER and Mr. POOL called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the Chair state the
question.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on co-icurring in the amendment pro-
posed by the House of Representatives to the
resolution reative to adjournment.
Mr. BAYARD. Let, it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
to strike out all after "concurring" in the reso-
lution of the Senate and insert:
That the day of final adjournment of the socond
session of ttie Forty-Second Congress be extended
to Monday. June 10, at twelve o'clock meridian, ac
which timo the President of the Senate and Speaker
of the House shall adjourn their respective llouses
without day.
Mr. POOL. I now move to strike out
Monday, the 10th of June, and insert Saturday,
the 20th day of June; and I will say that if
before that time we can adjourn with justice
to the public business we can rescind the reso-
lution and lix an earlier day. We may tix a
day earlier than next Monday, possibly, pro-
vided the public business will justify it. I
desire that we shall have some little elbow-
room, and not be put in the hands of those who
by dilatory motions and other modes of tram-
meling the passage of bills, which I consider
unfair, prevent the passage of measures which
there is a majority of this House and of the
other desirous of passing. If the motion which
I now make, to insert Saturday, the 29th, m
place of Monday, the 10th, be carried, the mat-
ter will be in hand, and we may finally fix an
earlier day than the 29th, if we please.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask whether the motion
to concur has not precedence?
The PRES1DING OFFICER. The motion
to amend is first in order. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina to the amendment of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. POOL. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POOL. I state that my desire in mov-
ing that as an amendment to this resolution
is that we may have what is in the nature of an
open and unlimited sessiou. We may fix an
earlier day to adjourn after this shall have been
carried, if it is carried.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
to say " Thursday, the 20th." I think we can
get through by that time.
Mr. POOL. Well, I will accept that as an
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from North Carolina accepts "Thursday, the
20th." His amendment will be so modified,
and the question is on the amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina, as modified, to
strike out "Monday, the 10th," and insert
■" Thursday, the 20th."
Mr. CONKLING. I feel bound to vote for
this amendment, and I wish to state, in view
of the remarks I made before, that I tiud
various Senators about me believing that the
House will consent to a day more distant than
the 10th, and they say with a good deal of force
that next week will be more or less broken in
upon by the fact that one of the national con-
ventions is to be held, and in spite of our-
selves both Houses will no doubt be somewhat
interrupted. I am told that is true of the
other House as much as of this, so that we
shall not have for purposes of business all the
