4170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
time implied by postponingthe day to the 10th
of June. Therefore, I am quite villing to
concur with Senators who think we can get
this from the House in voting for aiater day;
and when we have so tried, then I hope that
Senators who hold that belief, if il fails, will
accept the fact that the House, extrcising its
undoubted right, intends to put an end to the
session at a day so early that Senators must
forego the replies that they wish to make upon
political questions, whether they would or not.
It is entirely clear that in one weel, even if it
were to be an unbroken week, we cannot pass
here three appropriation bills, the steamboat
bill after amending it, and othe: important
measures, and have time left for my Senator,
however loudly he may feel called upon, to
make reply to matters which have been referred
to and which have been uttered ia the Senate.
Therefore, I say that, voting as I will on
this occasion for this amendment, if it is car-
ried, and if the House shall refuse to postpone
this day, I hope that Senators Mill all eoncur
with the Senator from Vermont in accepting
that as a finality and making En end of the
adjournment question, in order that we may
improve our time, brief as it is, in perfecting
and consummating the important public meas-
ures before us. it is entirely clear that the
Senate, no matter what may be the majority
here, no matter what may be its inclination,
cannot successfully 
Mr. ALCORN. I rise to a point of order.
My point of order is 
Mr. CONKL1NG. I must yield to the point
of order.
Mr. ALCORN. The resolution passed by
the Senate to-day proposed to rescind the
adjournment resolution. The House of Rep-
resentatives amend that resolution passed by
this body and propose to adjourn on the 10th
of June. My point of order is that, the ques-
tion before the Senate is concur or non-con-
cur ; and if we do not concur, then a commit-
tee of conference is the result. If, now, this
Senate shall amend the resolution and put in
the 20th, then the House of Representatives
may amend that and put in the 15th or the
DOth, and the Senate can reamend and put in
some other time, and thus there is never an
issue joined, never a case made up. Now, I
submit that the question before this body is to
concur or non-concur, and if we fail to concur
then comes a committee of conference.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend has
made his point of order. It is not debatable.
Mr. ALCORN. I wish to say before taking
my seat, with the permission of the Senator
from New York, that I submit thepoint of order
with great diffidence, not being acquainted
with proceedings here, and not professing in
truth to be acquainted with the rules of the
Senate, 1 submit, it with great diffidence, and
ask the Chair whether I am right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the point of order. The Manual on
page'272 says:
" A motion to amend an amendment from the other
House takes precedence of the motion to agree or
disagree."
So the motion to amend is in order.
Mr. CONK.LING. Mr. President, I am
very glad that my honorable friend from Mis-
sissippi made the point of order, although I
do not agree that he is troubled at all with •
ignorance of the rules of the Senate ; very far
from it. It is certainly a very fair point to
submit, and I am glad myself to have the
ruling of the Chair. The ruling of the Chair
is that we can concur with an amendment.
I was in the act of saying when my friend
made his point that it must be obvious to every
Senator that,the Senate, no matter what Sen-
ators may feel as the inducement, the impulse,
the provocation, to have an opportunity to not
only finish the public business, but to discuss
some matters to which reference has been
made, cannot achieve that opportunity with-
out the concurrence of the House. Therefore
I say again that when we have voted ior this
amendment, and I will vote for it with pleas-
ure, vote with my friend from North Carolina,
if we can carry it, so be it, and on Monday
morning I am told, (I suppose I may refer to
that, the House will adjourn to an early hour
on Monday, ten o'clock, which will give abun-
dant opportunity to concur or refuse to concur
in the amendment,) if on Monday morning the
House will not concur, then I trust we shall
accept once for all the fact that the judgment
and preference of the House, insisted upon, is
to put an end to the session on the 10th of
June. Then Senators, in addition to forego-
ing political debate, must forego their conven-
ience, and they must consent to come here
and work night and day unless 1 am greatly
mistaken. Otherwise, in spite of the absence
of political discussion, we shall still lose some
of these bills. So that I wish to make an ap-
peal now, and I hope I shall not be induced
to trouble the Senate on the subject again, to
all Senators after the vote has been taken upon
this amendment, whether it shall prevail or
whether it shall be lost, to " accept the situa-
tion," as the saying is, and then go on and
make the most of our time, as many hours
of the day as we can come here and work,
adhering strictly to the business before us.
Mr. WILSON. The two Houses of Con-
gress are in a very disagreeable position, and I
think they are not in a very creditable position,
and it comes, to a great extent, from one cause
and that a political one. We made here in the
Senate a great mistake at the opening of the
session. I do not reflect on any one, for I
joined in it, and that was in fixing an early
day for adjournment before we had done any
business, thereby putting ourselves at the
mercy of the House of Representatives. If
we had proceeded to attend to our business in
the Senate as we usually do, there would per-
haps have been no difficulty. But during all
the sessions I have been here, for more than
seventeen years, I have never known the Sen-
ate to be so dilatory in business or to spend
so much time in unprofitable political debate
and wrangling discussions as at the present
session. 1 have never known the House of
Representatives to preserve so good temper,
to be so attentive to business as during this
session. I think that will be the verdict of all
who understand the action of both Houses of
Congress. The House did most of its business,-
except a portion of it which it has neglected
lately, for political reasons too, and did that
business with a great deal of fidelity and took
us at our word and fixed the 29th of May for
adjournment. Here we are to-night. We
have extended the session once. Now we
have a proposition to extend it ten days. I do
not know anything better to do than to take it.
The House meets at ten o'clock on Monday.
I lake it if any considerable body of men there
make up their minds that they will not extend
the time, if we add to the resolution, there
will be no vote taken, and twelve o'clock will
come and we shall have to adjourn. I think
the best thing to do is to take these ten days,
attend to our business faithfully, and when the
time comes if we have had filibustering any-
where or a failure anywhere to do the proper
legislation of Congress, put our foot down and
say we want more lime, and get it, and if we
do not get it, call an extra session of Congress
and do the business of the country and take
the responsibility.
But I think to-night we are forced to the
position of taking this or have Congress ad-
journ on Monday, and then to have a called
session, for we are in no condition to adjourn.
I do not believe this Congress can properly or
fairly adjourn, in view of the public business
to be done here in the Senate, before the 29tb
or 25th day of June. I think it was a great
mistake we made in attempting to adjourn so
early because we wanted to do something that
appeared to be very much in earnest. We
have spent a great deal of our time now, we
have lost to-day ; we lost a day yesterday, a
very profitless dav. We have a notion here
in the Senate that we are of a great deal more
account than we really are. [Laughter.]
We have got a people in the United States of
forty millions, and they know their business
quite as well as we know it. They understand
political affairs quite as well as we do, and I
think it is a very strange thing for us to get
the idea in our heads that we can explode
bomb-shells here, that we can come out with
speeches and give direction to the affairs of
the country. Why, we are the merest pigmies
in the world for that.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator pretend
to say that the convention at Philadelphia
could not be frightened by a speech here 1
Mr. WILSON. No, sir, I would not say
such a thing, for I cannot tell what that con-
vention will do ; but I will say that I do not
believe the speeches in this Senate from De-
cember last to this time have controlled five
hundred votes in the United States.
Mr. STEWART. -Does the Senator really
believe a delegation will have the courage to
go to that convention after all those speeches?
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that I
think the best way we can do here is to attend
to the public business, to mind our own busi-
ness, let the convention at Philadelphia and
the convention that meets at Baltimore alone,
let the people manage their own business, and
we, their servants, attend to the business they
send us here for, and let the people and the
public press of the country discuss these
questions. And I will tell my political
friends here if they spend any portion of
next week in a.political discussion I think it
will be very profitless. I do not think it will
control a vote at Philadelphia or anywhere
-else. That is my opinion about the matter,
and I do not want to hear a political debate
here. We have a great amount of business
to do, and I tell you I feel that it is neglect-
ing the public duty to go away and leave it in
the condition it now is. I think as honest
public men we cannot do it. But I think we
could have been ready to adjourn about this
time if the Senate had worked this session as
the House of Representatives has worked. I
understand that there has been some filibuster-
ing on one or two important questions. I am
very sorry to hear it. I hope that will be
given-up in these ten days, that those gentle-
men will come to their senses, and that they will
act fairly and take an honest and square vote on
public questions before the country, and if they
do not do it, and there are public questions
that need to be acted upon, I hope when the
ten days are out we shall ask for further time.
If they do not give us the time, let Congress
break up on the day fixed, and if it is neces-
sary to do it let the President call us together
again. But I do not see anything to do now
but take the ten days the House has offered us,
and I hope in those ten days we shall be able
to do the public business if we attend to it.
Mr. COLE. I have but a word to say, partly
in reference to the Senator from Massachu-
setts, who is of the opinion, as are some few
other Senators, that we cann-ot get through
with the public business before the 20.h of
June. It is my opinion that we can get
through all the business by the 10th of June
without any difficulty whatever. .If Senators
will forego the discussion of political and irrel-
evant questions upon the business before the
Senate, we should be able to get through with
the business in half the time that will elapse
between now and the 10th of June.
I hope that this resolution of the House that
has been passed to-night and sent to us will
be agreed to, and I shall feel that we shall
have a good deal of leisure in these ten days
even for political discussion and be able to
transact all the business that is necessary to
