3274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May io,
bark Florence, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1672) grant-
ing to the Davenport and St. Paul Railroad
Company the right of way, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
bill (II. R. No. 2036) for the relief of lied
Bear, a chief of Pembina band of Chippewa
Indians, reported it adversely, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
SUl'PLKMBNT TO CIVIL KIOIITS ACT.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a bill
which 1 ask leave to introduce.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1102) supplementary
to an act, en titled "An act, to protect all citizens
of the United States in their civil rights, and
to furnish the means for their vindication,"
passed April 9, 1800; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it take its place on the
Calendar and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none, and that order is made, lhe
introduction of bills is still in order.
Mr. BAYARD. May 1 be permitted to ask
how thill bill just olfeied by the Senator from
Massachusetts can go on the Calendar without
a i eference ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule does
not, absolutely require a bill to be referred.
11, stales that alter the second reading U can
be referred or can be amended ; so that a bill
can be placed on the Calendar or it. can be re-
ferred. The Senator li'om Masraeliusei Is asked
consent to introduce it.
Mr. SUMN hili,. 1 will simply explain this
to the Senator: the Senator is awinvlhal there
is already on the Calendar the lirst bill, one
intioilueed by me, with the same title, which
has been discussed much ; but there have been
various changes, and the bill now introduced
is substantially that inlrodueeil at the begin-
ning of the session with the euieiidalions em-
bodied; thai is all; and my 111:1111 object wan
to lime it, printed so that n could he before the
Senate, should it be the subject of discussion
borealter, that the print should be withm the
reach of all.
Mr. BAYARD. The body will of course con-
trol its own business; but the usual method
has been, and the pioper one certainly, that,
there shinild be a reference to a committee,
especially of bills of a general character of this
kind. - 1 am aware I hat a bill touching the
name general subject was discussed and acted
upon very conclusively by the Senate last night,.
Jt strikes me as being very irregular that bills
should pass direct ly from t he hands of the Sen-
ator olh-ring them upon the Calendar ol the
Senate's business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator liom Delaware, so as to
show to him that no advantage can be taken
by this, that, as in the ease yesterday of the
bill in regard to Goal, Island, il 11 should
become the subject of debate as to what com-
mittee this bill should be referred to, at the
expiration of the morning hour il would then
by the operation of the rules go upon the
Calendar where the Goat Island bill has gone
from the failure of the Senate to refer it,
duiing the morning hour. So that nothing
has been lost liom the stand-point of the Sen-
ator ftom Delaware himself. If, however, the
Senator ha.d risen at lhe moment when the
bill was presented the Chair would have enter-
tained his objection against its second read-
ing on the same day that il had had ils first
reading.
Mr- BAYARD. I do not, care to object, but
merely toexpress my sense of the entire irregu-
larity of a bill of this kind not passing through
the hands of a committee before the Senate
are called to act upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate
hasno objection, the Chair will recognize the
Senator from Delaware as entitled to the floor
to move tQ refer this bill, stating to him at the
same time that if the reference is not disposed
of at twelve o'clock it will go upon the Calen-
dar. The Chair does not desire to deprive
any Senator of bis rights. The Senator from
Delaware could have objected to the second
reading of the bill, hut the Chair did not
notify him of that at the time.
Mr. MORTON. That bill has been dis-
cussed first and last at this session over ten
days.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But theSenator
from Delaware seems not to have interposed
at, the moment this was done, and he^ may ap-
prehend that he has lost his right. The Chair
will entertain from him a motion to refer.
Mr. SUMNER. This bill is in principle
identical with one already on the Calendar,
and 1 have introduced it simply as a con-
venience to myself and other Senators, so that
it may be printed and be in the same place on
the Calendar with the (irst bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
recognise tile Senator from Delaware to move
the reference oi t his bill the same as if he had
risen, as he did the moment after the Chair
had stated it would be placed on the Calendar;
but at twelve o'clock it- will go on the Calendar
if the motion to refer shall not be acted upon.
Will the Senator name the committee he de-
sires to have it referied to?
Mr. BAYARD. 1 move that the bill be re-
feried to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SIIMNI'IR. 1 hope it will not, be re-
ferred ; il, is already on the Calendar. Why
does not the Senator move thai the bill stand-
ing number one on the Calendar bereferred to
the Committee on the .Judiciary?
Mr. BAYARD. That bill, I believe, has
gone through the usual course of business of
the Senate, been refened, and been reported.
Tile honorable Senator from Massachusetts
must,, of course, know that there are many
members of this b >dy, especially on this side
ol the lloif-e, who find it impossible to agree
wnh linn in his views of the Constitution.
Mr. SUMNI'IR. I understand that,.
Mr. BAYARD. And as to a measure of
this character, so very giave and far-reaching
iu ils effects, it is but right that lhe minoiily
who geneially oppose bun here on such sub-
jects should have the benefit of the examina-
tion ami report of the appropriate committee
to consider bills of litis km.!.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the bill will not he
referred. There seems to me no occasion for
it. The subject lias been amply considered
in this Chamber; the Senate is all eady a great
committee, a Committee of the Whole on the
subject,. It has reported on the subject sev-
eral times, and favorably. Why, then, should
we refer it to one of our committees? A com-
iniilee, we are told, is eyes and ears to the
Senate; but, the Senate has eyes and ears of
its own, and by eyes it has seen and by ears
it lias heard. I know no occasion for such a
reference as this ; or why did we discuss it so
amply yesterday ? Why have we listened, as we
have, to Senators over the way, among others
to my excellent friend, the Senator from Del-
aware? Only the other day for more than
two hours he discussed the school bill, involv-
ing the same question ; and yet he now asks
tli.it this shall be referred to a committee, to
what end? Does he suppose that the com-
mittee will impart, new light ? Is he not suffi-
ciently instructed? Does he suppose that we
on this side of the Clumber are not? I cer-
tainly do not admit that 1 am not instructed
on the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts will please suspend. _ The
morning hour has expired and the bill will go
on the Calendar. The amendment to tha
enforcement act, called up as the unfinished
business last evening, is before the Senate. If
there be no objection, the Chair will receive
routine morning business to which there is no
obji ction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire!
if when the bill comes up on the Calendar the
motion just made to refer it, will then be pend-
ing or will it require a new motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
refer may be made then or it can remain
attached to the bill now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it remain attached?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly. If
thai should not prevail, it, would be subject to
amendment under the eleventh rule, a motion
to refer having puorityof a motion to amend.
BE. NINIAN PINKXE-y.
Mr. VICKERS. I desire to introduce a
bill, which I ask to have read, printed, and
laid on the table. It, is to be used in connec-
tion with a report from the Naval Committee,
when it shall be called up.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1103) to fix the
position of Dr. Ninian Pinkney on the Navy
Register; which was read twice by its title,
and also in full, as follows:
Be it enacted, tic., That Dr. N. Pinkney is entitled
to his origin,it position on tlie Navy Register at the
head of the list, of his date, as ordered and directed
by the examining boaid of February 13, 1813; a,ud
that the Secretaiy of the Navy be, and he is hcrebv,
directed to place the name ot Medieal Director N.
Pinkney on said Register, at the head of the list ot
surgeons of his date as it stood in 1S43 and 1844.
Mr. VICKERS. The committee have made
a report, bin have offered no bill or resolution
on the subject, and therefore I propose this bill.
The VICK PRESIDENT. It will be ordered
to be printed.
SURVEY OP H00RNKILC CHEEK.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer the following reso-
lution relating to a preliminary survey:
llesnhed. That tho Secretary of the Navy be, and
is hereby, directed to have a survey of the HoornkiU
cieuk, at Lewes, Delaware, made by acompetentolii-
eer of engineers, who shall repoit as to the nsiviga*
bility of the said creek, with estimates ot cost Oi
restoring it for commercial purposes.
There being no objection, t he Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. COIIBETT. I suppose that would go
into the regular surveys.
Mr. BAYARD. This is not for a regular
survey, but a preliminary survey. It is, 1 be-
lieve, the ordinary and customary meihod ok*
obtaining information oil which to base an
appropriation hereafter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think we have
the power to direct an executive officer ot the
Government to perform any particular duty in
the line of his administration, because that
would have the force of law. We have the
power to direct him to furnish us any inform-
ation he has on another ground. I do not
object to this survey being made, but I suggest
to my friend to say "requested" instead of
''directed." I have no doubt it would have
the same effect ; but I should have some diffi-
culty as to our power to direct an officer in
the Army to go and perform a particular duty.
I suggest to the Senator to make that inodm-
cation, and then I shall have no objection.
Mr. COLE. I suggest to my friend from
Delaware that be can accomplish his object by
an amendment to the river and harbor bill m
the section which provides for these surveys,
and he will be more apt to accomplish it in
that way.
Mr. BAYARD. I had thought that I was
adopting the usual course. ...
The VICE PRESIDENT The Chair Will
state to the Senator from Delaware that the
usual custom in Congress is to refer these
propositions to the Committee on Commerce,
and in the last section of the river and harbor
bill surveys preliminary to further action are
incorporated as matter oflaw. .
