1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
buckskin to teach a British general how to
fight." Sir. if General Braddock hadadhered
to the kind suggestion of the American strip-
ling, he would not have been compelled to ask
the pardon of that stripling as a dying man
that evening. I desire for myself, sir, to rely
upon the suggestions of an American. Ulys-
ses S. Grant is an American. We know where
to find him. We understand him. We want
no lecturers from any other country. They may
be right. If they are, patriotism is not too
abundant in the countries from which they
come; and I have heard of those who left their
country fortheircountry'sgood. [Laughter.]
Often have I been thus admonished history.
I recollect very well when the great Kos-
suth was here a few years ago. What was his
mission? His mission here was to some extent
to lecture Americans upon the great princi-
ples of republican government., and they fol-
lowed after him in goodly numbers. He was
caressed, almost worshiped, idolized, by the
American people. He progressed step by
step, until finally he sought, and sought suc-
cessfully, to meet the great champion of
American liberty of that day, Henry Clay.
He had a conversation with Mr. Clay, Mr.
Clay being then in his sick-room, and after
that conversation he withered and fell just as
though he had approached the Upas tree, and
that was about the last we heard of Louis
Kossuih; and it is just what I want all such
men consigned to that make such an advent.
I am 110 advocate for hunting candidates for
the Presidency in other countries. The Dem-
ocrats may do so. I care not where they may
go. It only proves their weakness that they
have no man within the whole United States
whom they are willing to risk as a standard-
bearer. It, is true, Alexis is here. They have
been worshiping Alexis, and he has tri-
umphed wherever he has been. I believe
some of tlit ladies claim to have married him.
[Laughter.] A thousand considerations, per-
haps a mania for something foreign, I suppose,
has called forth all this. He has killed a buf-
♦alo. 1 have no unkind allusions to make to
him in any manner or shape, because I love
the name of his country. Ilis country has
siood side by side with the American nation,
the very best feeling existing between them.
It is true there has been a little catechizing
iately, [laughter,] but that amounts to noth-
ing. All these interrogatories are easily re-
sponded to, and they go with the wind from
whence they came. These are two great
mighty nations, and they are not likely, the
one to get the other by the ear. I have not
any fear on that branch of the subject.
The Democracy, however, it is well known,
are driven to the wall. They have been taking
soundings for lo, these many days, and yet it
is not known where they can find a man who
can run against that tried American horse, if
you please, President Grant. They may go
abroad for a candidate, if they will, but never
under any circumstances will my vote be cast
for any such additional article in the Constitu-
tion of the United States. I did not intend,
when 1 got up, to explore the ground I am
now in, but it suggested itself to me, and I
move on. 1 might as well say, however, that
the Democracy to-day are ready to do that
which they have always been ready to do ever
since they have been an organized party. What
is it, I might ask upon the negative side of the
question, that they have not done, what is it
that they would not do to succeed ? They object
now, and Greeley too, to President Grant that
he prefers his friends to his enemies. My
friend from Ohio remarked in his speech that
the President has said, ''Let us have peace;
pass a general bill relieving all parties from
their disabilities, with a few exceptions, what-
ever Congress may think advisable," &c.
But. says my friend, the Senator from Ohio.
"I will not look a gilt horse in the mouth.''
That is all very good. If you will not, why
make these outside remarks? He accepts the
horse, and then ho gets around to his friends
near by and says, " Now I will tell you what is
the fact; my friend has just presented me with
this liorse ; but he is moon-eyed ; he has got
the glanders or some disease ; it is an awful
matter; it is intended to ruin my stock ; that
will never do in the world." He cannot ap-
preciate the gift as it substantially is, bat
undertakes to say here very modestly—for lie
is a modest gentleman, a kind-hearted one, a
liberal one, andan ableone, and thereby makes
his kind remarks tell unequivocally, and they
go for what is said with a large percentage of
the people—" Oh, yes, the President recom-
mends the measure, but he has his friends
around here who will repudiate it; they have
no idea that he is sincere in carrying out this
proposition; this is all talk; there is not a
word of truth in it."
Now, sir, where are the evidences of this?
I come up and show you my objections to the
measure, and yet I am an admirer of Presi-
dent Grant. 1 have voted regularly for this
amnesty bill. I propose further to vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts. Why ? There are various reasons why
I shall do so. I think it but sheer justice ; I
think it is demanded of the Republican party
to adhere strictly to that proposition. As I
remarked previously, if the reconstruction
measures were proper at the period when they
were enacted, they are proper to day just as
substantially as they, were at that period or
any intervening period. I go further and say
that the great Republican party dare not go
back upon what they have done; that it would
have been a thousand times better they had
left us in the South where they found us in
1861, than to have passed your reconstruction
laws and to-day acknowledge to the world that
they have erred, thereby establishing the fact
beyond all controversy that secession was
right and that it ought to have been recog-
nized.
I am delighted, however, upon that branch
of the subject, to state that my friend from
Ohio [Mr. T'iiurman] declares he never was a
secessionist. I readily say to him that ho
never having been a secessionist, he never
yet has been a good Democrat, [laughter,] and
lie is improperly associated; he ought to go
out from the Democrats, join the liberal party,
where he properly belongs, from his own dec-
larations ; and his own declarations to mo are
am ply good, because I believe him to be sincere.
In the South, if you could find a Democrat who
was not a secessionist, they would not give him
stable-room. [Laughter.] They would have
no use for him for any purpose in the world.
That is the whole gust of the subject; there-
fore, my friend is in that particular wrong.
It is argued by able minds that the bill of
the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts
is not germane as an amendment to the bill
removing political disability. The Constitu-
tion has been invoked upon that matter. It
is not my purpose to discuss that branch of
the subject. It is in able hands. Tliegentleman
who offers the bill as an amendment is abund-
antly able to meet any proposition that can
be submitted adverse to it. I have read the
Constitution for myself, and I am satisfied
that the proposed amendment is constitutional.
If I had come to a different conclusion I could
not vote for it, but 1 have voted for it uni-
formly, and I intend to do so to the end. But
let me state that I will go further: if the
amendment should be voted down, I will then
vote for the bill in the absence of the amend-
ment.
I support the amendment of the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts for other reasons.
One is, that I discover that if we should re-
main here, as we certainly shall do, for a very
considerable period, petitions will come in to
such a degree, requiring so much paper, that
really the price will be vastly enhanced, and
it will thereby become a considerable tax to
the Government of the United Stales, for the
Senator is receiving, I might almost say, vol-
umes ; I know not what the quantity is; it is
immense, however, from all parts of the nation;
and at a very early period you will find the
steamers coming over freighted with them
from Europe; and, therefore, stationery will
advance very much, and I am anxious to get rid
of this subject at the earliest possible period
by the passage of his measure. [Laughter.]
Again I am reminded that it is best to try
to get rid of the imposing Senator [Mr. Scm-
neb] on that subject, just as the lady answered
her admirer. The suitor had been impor-
tuning her time and again, and she had inva-
riably declined to accept the proposition. At
length, however, being very much annoyed,
she concluded to say "yes," just to get rid of
his importunity. 1 want to go with the Sena-
tor to get rid of this matter, [laughter,]
because really, Mr. President, we find his bill
here as a breakwater. A concurrent resolu-
tion was introduced here for the adjournment
of Congress at a particular day. Well, you
saw that bill thrust right on it. " Stop," says
he; "you must not adjourn until my bill is
passed." There it was again ; hero it is now ;
and we shall continue to have it; and I am
for making peace with it by a general surren-
der at once. [Laughter.]
I stop notthere, Mr. President; Igo farther,
and I indorse the Senator to the utmost degree
in his proposition. When you vote general
amnesty to the people of the South let them
know that it is not any dictation of theirs that
prompts you thus to do, but that you have can-
vassed the whole mailer. Here are two great
principles and two acts, each of no small mag-
nitude, and let them go hand in hand. If theie
be those who would say that the one represents
the lion and the other the lamb, let it be under-
stood on this occasion that the lion and the
lamb lie down together, and let the matter
be thus consummated, and let both questions
be put at rest. That is my view of the sub-
ject. Then it will be unmistakably evident
that the Congress of ihe United States looks
to liberty, looks to everything else that we
have pretended to guaranty to the freedmen,
to the black men of the southern confeder-
acy. We have declared them free. Now, hav-
ing thus declared, let us by our action make
it unmistakable, because every Senator here
knows, every intelligent mind is very well
aware of the fact, that the various Legisla-
tures in the different States look into your
action here minutely, and if there is the least
fraction left upon earth in the laws that you
enact here, they will locate upon it and they
will seek advantages adverse to the intention
of the acts of the Congress of the United
States.
This bill, in my belief, will heal every objec-
tion upon that scoie, and when they take the
onethey will necessarily accept the other. They
can reject neither the one nor the other ; and
if they ask the question, " Why is it that we
are thus abused?" as they will say they are by
the act, because they will complain that it is
arbitrary, they will see that they must go back
to the beginning corner, and they must then
be admonished, and they can always be thus
admonished by those with whom they rest for
subsequent justification: "You invoked it;
your action prompted it; and we cannot and
we will not go back upon what we have done ;
if you think it is a bad matter, you had better
make the best of it, for that is the true philo-
sophic doctrine."
Now, Mr. President, what are the facts easily
illustrated? Jefferson .Davis lives ; as for A.
H. Stephens, the skeleton, there is no telling
whether he will ever die; you cannot probe
him with anything in any way, manner, or
shape; them is nothing but skin and bone,
and as long as the Lord lets it have breath
you cannot reach it: he is not going to die;
he would come back here in fifteen minuies
if you would just pass a general bill. [Laugh-
ter.] Now we must be vigilant, we must look
