1872.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3275'
Mr. BAYARD. Then I move that the res-
olution be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
PiSBATK ON RIVBlt ANB HARBOR BILL.
Jlr. ANTHONY. I offer the following
resolution, and ask its present consideration:
Resolved, That the order of the Senate of the 29th
of April, limiting debate upon amendments to
appropriation bills, be extended to the bill making
appropriations for rirers and harbors, when the
same shall be acted upon by the Senate.
For some reason, I do not know what, the
river and harbor bill is not considered an ap-
propriation bill, and is referred to another
committee than the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and I suppose the rule that was passed
covering all appropriation bills would not cover
that; but I presume it was the intention of the
Senate that the same rule should apply to all
these appropriation bills.
Mr. COLE. I think that bill ought to be
thoroughly discussed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I supposed that the Sen-
ator from California, of all men, would want
such a resolution as this passed; but inasmuch
as he objects, I will withdraw it and offer it at
another time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to Senators that if they will examine the
language of the new rule adopted on the 29th
of April, it will be seen that there is a differ-
ence between it and the thirtieth rule in this
respect: the thirtieth rule speaks of "gen-
eral" appropriation bills; the river and har-
bor bill is not a "general" appropriation
bill; but the restrictive rule of the 29th of
April says "pending an appropriation bill."
It does not say " general appropriation bill."
The Chair will submit the question of that
difference to the Senate when it properly arises
in the Seriate.
Mr. ANTHONY;. If the Chair is of opin-
ion that this rule is already embraced in the
other one, of course I do not insist upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Cbair will
submit that question to the Senate when it
comes up.
Mr. CHANDLER Kubseqently said: The
Senator from California has withdrawn his
objection to the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, and I ask that that
may now be acted upon.
The Y1CE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California has withdrawn the objection
to the proposition of the Senator from Rhode
Island, that the same rule shall apply to the
river and harbor bill that applies to general
appropriation bills in regard to debate.
Mr. POilEROY. That rule was not writ-
ten with any idea of having it confined simply
to gnneral appropriation bills, but to all appro-
priation bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair
thinks this is already covered by another rule ;
but the Senator from Michigan asks by con-
sent that it shall be so ordered that the river
and harbor bill shall be classed, with regard
to debate, the same as other appropriation
hills. The Chair h°ars no objection, and the
resolution is agreed to.
additional petitions akd memorials.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Pres-
ley T. Glass, of Ripley, T ennessee, praying
the removal of his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
_ Mr. COLE. I hold in my hand a memorial
8,Kned by the chairman and secretary of an
executive committee of one hundred very
influenzal citizens of San Francisco, appointed
by the people of that city with wonderful unan-
imity, to protest against the cession of Goat
Island to the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, or any other company. This committee
were formed on the 17th of April last, and
have been on duty in reference to this matter
ever since, and have endeavored to present
their wishes to Congress ; but they complain
that for some reason they have not been able to
be heard before the other House of Congress.
I therefore ask that this memorial be printed in
the Globe. I think the names of the officers
are: of the president, Richard G. Sneath, in-
stead of Smith," and Alfred Wheeler, sec-
retary, instead of "Wheeling." That is the
misspelling of the operator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks consent to present this
memorial and have it printed in the Globe
without further action. If there be no objec-
tion, it will be so ordered, and it is so ordered.
The memorial is as follows;
Executive Rooms Commttttct? One Hundred.
San Francisco, California,
March 8, 1872.
To the President of the United States, the President
of the Senate, and the Speaker of the Mouse of Hep-
resentatives, Washington, D. C
On the 17th of April last the people of San Fran-
cisco chose a committee of one hundred of their
number charged to guard their rights against the
aggressions of the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. That committee on the same day adopted res-
olutions setting forth the evil results to flow from
the proposed cession of Goat Island to that com-
pany, showing by the opinions of the most compe-
tent engineers that a causeway or bridge to the
island would surely endanger the shoaling of the
water in our harbor and outer bar, and protesting
in the name of the good people of this city against
such an outrage instigated by a ring of speculators
for their selfish personal benefit. These proceedings
were telegraphed to New York and Washington to
the Associated Press and delivered in the usual way,
but by the interference of the agents of the ring
were excluded from publication in ail the newspa-
pers, with the single exception of the Washington
Patriot. By this means the House of Representa-
tives, then about to deliberate on the bill, was pre-
vented from hearing the voice of our people in a
question best understood by them, though of im-
portance to all, and passed the bill under misrep-
resentation. A cause which needs the support of such
nefarious means cannot be good nor honest. The pro-
ject of constructing Goat Island with the main shore
has been condemned by all Government engineers
who have examined it as destructive to the harbor.
The exclusive use of the island for the defense of
the port has been declared essential by all military
authorities of the Government. No decent pretext
of public good can be truly assigned for the pro-
posed grant. Itis simply a proposition to give an
important piece of public property to a ring of
unscrupulous speculators, already enormously en-
riched by Government bounty. They constitute the
Erie ring of the Pacific coast, only worse than that
of Erie, because more concentrated, more powerful
and more selfish, and operating in a smaller com-
munity. It corrupts every branch of the Govern-
ment, our Legislature, local boards, executive offi-
cers, and courts. It keeps in its employ bands of
practical wire-pullers o.nd lobbyists to shape legisla-
tion and control elections. It now even muzzles the
Associated Press of the country, and prevents the
public voice from reaching the ears of Congress and
the country, and all this to procure the passage of a
measuie involving, according to the best judgment
of scientific men, the lasting injury of the only good
harbor on this coast for a distance of over a thou-
sand miles; a harbor created by nature for the com-
merce of the world, and by the bill devoted to des-
truction for the paltiT temporary interests of indi-
viduals. In he name of the people of San Fran-
cisco we earnestly entreat your efforts against this
wanton and selfish outrage, and that this, our pro-
test against it, be laid beforo the Congress of the
United States.
By order of Committee of One Hundred :
RICHARD G. SNEATH, Chairman.
ALFRED WHEELER, Secretary,
Mr. HILL presented the petition and papers
of Rebecca Francis Bailey, praying remunera-
tion for services rendered by her father in the
revolutionary war as a soldier in the regular
Army of the United States ; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, ]eave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1100) to repeal certain provisions of the
laws of the United Spates relating to advance-
ment in tl-e Navy; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1101) to relieve certain persons thereinnatned
from the legal and political disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States^ and for
other purposes j which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1104) to extend the provisions of a joint
resolution of December 23, 1809, relating to
steamboats and other vessels owned in the
loyal States ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCOTT. I have frequently heard it said
in the Senate that all that was necessary to
secure consideration for a bill was to announce
that it was to make a land grant. I have a
bill in my hand which contains a grant of
twenty-four hundred acres of land to the Uni-
ted States, and I hope there will be no objec-
tion to its consideration. It is Senate bill No.
677, to authorize the Secretary of War to ac-
cept the peninsula in Lake Erie, opposite the
harbor of Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senator from Indi-
ana, who has charge of the unfinished business,
has yielded to allow routine morning business
only, to which there is no objection.
PUBLIC BUILDING IN ROCKLAND, MAINE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Louisiana has withdrawn his objection,
and the Senator from Indiana consents that
the bill which I reported this morning may be
considered now.
Mr. KELLOGG. My objection does not
obtain now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All that is now
done is done by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is the only
bill pending from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R, No. 261G) authorizing the
erection of a public building in Iiockiand,
Maine. It directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to purchase at private sale a lot of land
situate in tbe city of Rockland, Maine, suit-
able for a site for a public building to accom-
modate the custom-house, post office, and any
other offices of the General Government in
that city; and to erect thereon a building for
those purposes, the cost of the site and build-
ing being limited to $50,000, of which amount
the bill appropriates $25,000; but no money
appropriated is to be expended until a good
title is obtained to the site aforesaid, and the
State of Maine shall cede jurisdiction over the
same to the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee have left
out of the bill the clause providing that the
State shall not tax United States property.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am aware
that it is left out, but I think there will be no
difficulty on that ground.
Mr. POMERO Y. It has been put in all the
other bills of that sort, and is now left out of
this one. I call the attention of the Senator
to that fact,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not ob-
ject to its being inserted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas moves to amend the bill by add-
ing 
Mr. POMEROY. The usual language is
that, the State shall relinquish its right to tax.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to if there be
no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred m. Is
was ordered that, the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a thud time. Tne bill was
read the third time, and passed.
MIAMI RESERVATION IN INDIANA.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred tbe bill (H. R.
No. 183) to authorize the Secretary ot the
