1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4171
be transacted by this body. Why, sir, the
House of Representatives have already trans-
acted all the business that is before them.
They have but little to do. They are ready to
adjourn. We have not a great deal of busi-
ness to furnish them that has not already been
acted upon in this body, and we can with all
ease, in my judgment, get through with it by
the 10th of June, the time mentioned in the
resolution. I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to ask the Senator
from California a question. He seems to have
obtained new light on this question since the
forenoon. He voted before against adjourn-
ing on the 10th. I see no reason why he should
have changed. I have not changed.
Mr. COLE. The circumstances have been
very much changed ; since then we have had
action of the House, while we were then ex-
pecting that they would hold us to an adjourn-
ment next Monday.
Mr. WINDOM. I think the Senator said
this afternoon we could not concludethe busi-
ness by the 10th. We have not made much
progress since.
Mr. COLE. I have not said that. I have
beeu constantly of the opinion that we could
get through with the business some tifhe next
week, I have thought by Wednesday or Thurs-
day, and I have no doubt now we could if we
would only persuade ourselves to forego polit-
ical discussions which in my opinion are not
so profitable as those who indulge in them sup-
pose them to be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am gratified at the
remarks of the Senator from California, which
I have no doubt are entirely correct, that we
can dispose of all the public business before
us in two days as well as in twenty days, that
needs to be done. There are a great many
bills here on our tables which it would be
better should never pass. But I have no doubt
all the appropriation bills can be passed.
They have been spoken of as being three;
there is but one that will take any considerable
time. I suppose the fortification bill will pass
in half an hour at any time, and the river and
harbor bill it is not very likely will take long.
The bill we have under consideration can be
passed as well on Monday as in ten days. So
that there is no difficulty in getting through with
the appropriation bills. I think it was expected
in the Senate on Thursday that we would close
the session on Monday next at twelve o clock,
that three days would have been sufficient to
close the business 
Mr. SHERMAN. I venture to ask my
friend a question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose other Senators
take pleasure in making political speeches,
such as were made during the present week
by three eminent members of this body pend-
ing the tariff bill and a leading appropriation
bill, when shall we be able to get through t
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say veryeandidly
to the Senator from Ohio that I am not sur-
pnsed at all at the effort of the Senator from
North Carolina, the Senator from Michigan,
the Senator from Kansas, and the Senator
from New York, who want the session ex-
tended indefinitely for the purpose of replying
to what was said yesterday. 1 think they would
need an indefinite extension. It will take all
the time for them to answer what was said yes-
terday, and I have no doubt that tbey will
want all time from this till eternity. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 say that without indorsing by any
means all that has been said. They may take
a single day to reply—and there was only a
day occupied by the speeches of yesterday—
and still we shall have an abundance of lime
to do the business that is necessary to bedone.
The Senator from California who has charge
of the appropiiation bills tells us that we can
get through in two or three days with those.
Therefore there will be several days left for
these speeches that the gentlemen have treas-
ured up to reply to what was said yesterday.
I think they will want a great deal of time; in
that respect I agree wilh them 
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise for the purpose of
inquiring of my friend, the Senator from Illi-
nois, who seems so much impressed with the
speeches made yesterday against the President
and the Republican party, if he listened to-day
to the speech made by his colleague, the other
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Logan ?]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did, with a great deal
of pleasure, as I always do.
Mr. CAMERON. I fear he is not much
impressed with that speech, not so much im-
pressed as I think the country will be by it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was impressed cer-
tainly by the speech of my colleague, as I al-
ways am by his speeches. He always speaks
well; lam delighted to hear him. There is
scarcely any Senator to whom I listen with
more pleasure, except my distinguished friend
from Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
But, Mr. President, I do not wish to take
up time. I hope we shall concur in the propo-
sition to adjourn Monday week. I think that
is giving us all the time necessary to discharge
the public business and allow these gentle-
men two or three days to make their speeches.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I advocate the proposi-
tion for adjournment on the 20th. My reasons
are very brief. My honored friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] one of the patriarchs
of the Senate, has occupied a proud position
here for seventeen years, with much experience,
a good man at heart and in every sense of the
word. 1 regret very much upon any occasion
to differ with him. I have great respect and
unbounded confidence in his views and declara-
tions. A very happy lecture he gave us a lew
minutes since. He stated that we were really
in an unpleasant position, including the two
branches of this great Government. Well,
now, so far as the House of Representatives
are concerned, I have nojears as to their action.
I 1 have not had from the first one serious mo-
ment's reflection about them. \\ ho ave they ?
' They are proud American citizens. They have
the interests of their country in immediate
contemplation and view. Ihey have the fame
of their country at heart. They are patriots.
Thus feeling, 1 have no fear under the sun of
their final action. They will act, and they will
act, I say without the fear of contradiction,
correctly. Now, it' I had been all anxiety to
adjourn at the first day I should have changed
my views on that subject after taking hold 01
the New York Times of the 1st of June. Wnat
do I there find ? 1 will read it:
Proceedings in Parliament-Earl Granville refuses
to produce the Supplemental Arttfle^Mr. Olaustone
waiting for the Adjournment of Congress.
Loxdox, May 31.
In the House of Lords to-night the Barf of Derby
urged the Government to produce tlio text ot Uio
supplemental article to the treaty of Washington
with tho Senate amendments. The House needed a
thorough understanding of the present position ot
^ Barl^Granvillo replied that, the American Congress
would adjourn on Monday; the negotiations hai not
yot been drawn to a close, hence it would be liupos
sible for the Government to comply with the de-
mands of the noble lord.
Now, I think the Earl of Granville under
stood this great matter as my distinguished
friend, Senator Sumner, of proud old Massa-
chusetts, did. The Senator thought here we
would undoubtedly adjourn on Monday, ant
the noble lord in the Parliament of England
came to the same conclusion, anu there may
be an understanding between these distin-
guished gentlemen, [laughter,] and 1 want to
break the league, for one, and if my vote can
do so it will certainly be done. Mr. Presi-
dent, under the circumstances I have no dis-
position to detain the Senate scarcely a minute.
I read further, very briefly :
" In tho House of Common', in reply to Mr. Dis-
raeli's inquiries for information, Mr. triads tone
promised to give him satisfactory answers when the
American Congress h&d adjouriicu.
Now, sir, I propose to draw their fire, not
giving them the drop on us. [Laughter.] It
does seem to me that this great question is too
well understood by some distiuguished Ameri-
cans on this occasion. I want to break their
league and to see what the final result will be.
Therefore I shall most heartily vote for the
proposition of the Senator from North Caro-
lina. I should like to say more, but shall not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the House
were unwilling to concede just and proper terms
I think it would comport with the dignity of
the Senate to stand upon their rights, and
allow Congress to be adjourned on Monday
without fully completing the public business,
and let the consequences rest where they prop-
erly belong. But they have offered us all that
is fair, just, and proper; and now, after we
have been working day and night until every
Senator and officer of the Senate is wearied
with the labors of the week, at half past ten
o'clock on Saturday night, the House having
already taken a recess until Monday at ten
o' clock, and it is no longer possible, unless
we agree with the terms now proposed, to pre-
vent an extra session, it seems to me we ought
not to hesitate a single moment as to what we
shall do. 1 hope we shall concur in the prop-
osition of the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment ot the Senator from North
Carolina to insert " Thursday, the 20th of
dune," instead of "Monday, the 10th of
June."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas '21, nays S3 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Chandler, Clay-
ton, OonkUiut, Gragin, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Harlan, Kellogg, .Logan, Nye. Osborn, Fomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, K.unsey, Bice, Sawyer, Stewart, and
Wilson—21. _ , . t 
J}AYS—Messrs. Alcorn. Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Caldwell, Cameron, Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Corbett,
Davis of West Virginia, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Johnston,
Kelly. Lewis, Morrill of Vermont., Norwood, ltan-
som, ltobortson, Saul&bury, Scott, Sherman, bpr.igue,
Stevenson, Stockton, Trumbull, Vickors, West,
Windom, and Wright—33. , . ,
ABSEST—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, l'enton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Frehnghuysen. Gilbert, Ham-
lin, Hill, Hitchcock, Morrill ot Maine, Morton.
Patterson, Schuis, Spencer, Sumner, lnarman, and
Tipton—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
-The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on concurring with tho House of Rep-
resentatives in their amendment to the resolu-
tion. , ,
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend by
inserting a Saturday, the 15th;" and I shall
say but a word oil this amendment. \\ e all
feel alike about this matter, I have no doubt.
We have been here twenty hours a day for the
last ten days. I do not know any one who is
nottiredout. Now, if we fix theadjournmeiit
at a short period off, we have got to run this
thing dayand night just aswehavebeen doing,
twenty hours a day ; but give us fifteen days
and we can hold day sessions, do the public
business with deliberation and care, and ad-
journ then earlier than Congress has ever
adjourned at a long session sitice I have been
here. We can then do our business at our
leisure and do it better.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it not manifest to
every sensible man that a postponement oi
the time fixed by the House of Representa-
tives is equivalent to the calling of an extra
session ? Does not everybody know that the
House of Representatives have adjourned until
next Monday at ten o'clock, and that in two
hours after,"by the law of the two Houses,
Congress will be separated by final adjourn-
ment, and there will be no alternative but the
President must call us in immediate session /
If you send this proposition back to the
House, after they have postponed for the
second time the day of adjournment faxed l>v
the Senate itself in violation of the usages ot
Cougress, is it reasonable to expect that that
