1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1488
not receive what the law said they should
receive?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my colleague
permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HAWLEY. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Did not workmen at
Rock Island armory work ten hours a day?
Mr. HAWLEY. They did.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. At what rate of
wages ?
Mr. HAWLEY. So far as I know they
attempted there to pay them by the hour,which
I thought in violation of the law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It was done. Will
not the passage of this provision then give the
men who worked only eight hours a day as
much wages as those who worked ten hours ?
Mr. HAWLEY. The passage of this pro-
vision into law will give the men who worked
eight hours a day the wages to which they are
entitled by law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask my colleague
to answer my question. Will not the effect
of the passage of this provision be to give the
men who worked only eight hours a day the
same compensation as those who worked ten
hours a day?
Mr. HAWLEY. It will not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It certainly will
Mr. HAWLEY. If men were compelled at
Rock Island armory to work ten hours a day,
ought they to be compelled to work ten hours
a day for the same wages paid to workmen at
the Springfield armory or at the navy-yard
here in Washington for only eight hours work?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Were any of these
men compelled to work ten hours a day?
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not know.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Did you over hear
anything of the kind?
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not know. If they
worked eight hours, they were entitled to pay
for eight hours' work; and if they worked ten
hours, they were entitled to pay for ten hours'
work. I do not know on what principle my
colleague will contend that the men at the
Rock Island armory, who worked ten hours a
day, shall only have the same wages as those
who worked only eight hours a day. There is
no justice in it. My colleague will not say
that this should be done because of the con-
struction put upon the law.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. HAWLEY. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I was at the Rock Island
works, and at four o'clock one afternoon the
men were all discharged instantly. In half
an hour afterward, when I went there, I saw a
lot of them at work. I asked the superintend-
ent the reason of it. These men, he said,were
working extra hours, and were paid for them.
Mr. HAWLEY. I understand that. This
policy was pursued at the Rock Island armory
m 1869. It was not so after the President's
proclamation was issued. Then they could
not compel a man to work ten hours as a
day's work at the Rock Island armory. They
did not pretend to do that, because the law
under the President's proclamation was imper-
ative. Before that, however, they made a
distinction there. Why, then, should the men
at Rock Island be placed in a different posi-
tion?
Mr. PETERS. Does the gentleman from
Illinois regard, with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, that a man will do as much work
in eight nours while in the Government employ-
ment as in ten hours?
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not believe that has
been decided; but I believe such will be the
practical effect of the law.
Mr. PETERS. If that be the effect, why
then shall we be called upon to pay men who
work ten hours more than men who work eight
hours? [Laughter.]
Mr. HAWLEY. These men have rendered
this service to the United States, and they
ought to be paid accordingly. They have
rendered the service which was required of
them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
has spoken already three times on this propo-
sition, and alter he has made his fourth speech
I hope we will have unanimous consent to
close the debate.
Mr. BANKS. I hope not, as I wish to say
a word. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very welj ; after
the gentleman has concluded, I shall ask unan-
imous consent to close debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have said little
on this question, except on the point of order.
There are some facts connected with it which
cannot be controverted, and one is that if you
pass this appropriation you pay as much to the
man who has worked eight hours as to the man
who has worked ten hours a day. But my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] pro-
poses to get over that in this way: by making
another appropriation of one fifth to the men
who worked ten hours; so that in some other
bill you will have to appropriate another
$450,000 to pay the overwork of the men who
worked ten hours, in order to put. them on an
equality with the men for whom this appro-
priation is sought. For, as my colleague, the
gentleman from the Rock Island district, [Mr.
Hawley,] stated—and I suppose the same
thing obtains in all the workshops of the Gov-
ernment—some men continued to work on after
the expiration of the eight hours, and werepaid
by the hour; the eight-hour men receiving four
fifths as much as the men who worked ten hours.
When the bell rang at the completion of the
eight hours all knocked off work except those
who were willing to work two hours more and
earn another dollar. This appropriation is to
pay a dollar more to the men who worked
eight hours, making them equal to the ten-
hour men. And of course we will next have
to make the ten-hour equal to the eight-hoar
men by paying them more for their extra
work, making them equal all round. When
you have done that the question will still
arise, what number of hours constitute a day's
work?
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Has not the law
decided that eight hours shall be a day's work ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The law, of course,
provided that; but the law at the same time
provided that men on the Government works
should receive extra pay if they worked more
than the eight hours. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
do not complain of the decision of the Chair
in allowing this amendment, although I think
it. was wrong, clearly wrong.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman should
appeal from the decision of the Chair, and not
comment upon it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the House
will vote down this amendment. The reason
for offering it as an amendment to this bill is
very evident. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] got his little billthrough
to pay these men. It was sent to the Senate,
and there it lingers. And why? Because
there is an indisposition ou the part of the
Senate to pass that bill. And now it is pro-
posed to do what the Senate sometimes do
when they tack an amendment on to the ap-
propriation, and thus compel the House to
accept it. Yon cannot make the Senate agree
to the bill separately, and so you put it on an
appropriation bill, and a deficiency bill at that,
the money it appropriates being required im-
mediately for the purpose of carrying on the
Government; and thus you hope to compel
the Senate to take what they otherwise would
not accept.
Sir, this is a most mischievous thing. The
idea that the eleventh-hour man shall receive
as much wages as the man that has worked all
day may be good theology, but I do not thmk
it is sound political economy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that debate on this amendment
shall now be closed.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to address the com-
mittee for a few minutes on the question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield the five
minutes to which I am entitled to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Basks,] and I
shall ask that, after he has spoken, debate shall
be closed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no
objection to the proposition to close debate
after the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] shall have spoken.
Mr. SLOCUM and Mr. W. R. ROBERTS
objected.
Mr. BANKS. It was a delicate question
which the Government determined in passing
the eight-hour law. It was a determination
of how many hours should constitute a day's
work, and what portion of the twenty-four
hours men were best able to work day after
day. It was not a question merely involving
a calculation as to profit and loss, a question
of dollars and cents. It is one of those ques-
tions which have engaged the consideration of
thoughtful men for the last three or four hun-
dred years, since the time passed by when a
workman was bought and sold with the laud
upon which he lived. It is a question which
has been .considered during those four centu-
ries, but never got an effective answer until
this Government thought it well to determine
how much of the twenty-four hours should
constitute a day's work, taking as the basis of
the calculation the question how much of a
man's daily life it were best to devote to labor.
This is not a new question with us. In 1840
Mr. Van Buren and the Congress of that time
reduced the daily hours of labor from thirteen,
or fourteen even, to ten. and the result was
that as much work was done for the Govern-
ment in ten hours as previously had been done
in twelve or fourteen ; and it stands upon this
principle that a man in the course of one year
and another can do only so much work a day.
Suppose the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] should employ a mechanic to
work twenty hours a day, does he suppose that
the man would do more work than he could do
if he worked only fourteen hours a day ? Cer-
tainly not. Because it isimpossible for a man
to labor twenty hours a day to the full extent
of his capacity and ability; and therefore it
follows in the nature of things that to limit
his time to his capacity is the best thing to do,
and that the Government did when it passed
the eight-hour law. Now it will appear as the
sequel of this experiment which the Govern-
ment is making—and let me say that it cannot
be evaded, for it lies at the very foundation of
our social and political system—that as much
work is done for the Government, as much
profit made for the Government, as much
added to the products of the country at large
under this system as under that from which
it grants the workingmen of the country an
escape.
Now, the gentleman from Illinois asked us
if we wanted to establish one regulation for
the em ploy 6s of the Government, and another
regulation for workingmen not employed by
the Government. Sir, we do not want that;
we want everybody to follow the regulation
established by the Government, because we
believe it best both for the employer and the
employ6. Inasmuch as the Government can-
not admit its employes to a corporation, and
as it cannot consider the question of profit
and loss in the execution of its labor, it must
limit the hours of labor for itself according to
the capacity of the laborer. That :s the only
rule there can be adopted by the Government,
but private employers can admit the working-
men to a share in the profits that result from
their labor combined with the use of capital,
and thus by the cooperation of labor and cap-
ital produce results infinitely more important
to the country than have ever been produced.
