588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
to the interests of the American nation. Look-
ing to the interests of the American nation,
we are admonished unmistakably that those
men live, both Davis and Stepens, and while
they live we must be vigilant; wemust look
toward them, we must watch their influences,
and we must anticipate any action upon their
part.
Aa for the Democracy being able to perpet-
uate this great nation, that is a failure. They
have been well tried, and they are not able to
do it. They have been weighed and found
wanting in the scales. When they met as a
great party in Charleston, it is well known they
were in a grand majority, but they ran two can-
didates to break themselves down. They had
ample power then to electa President and per-
petuate their party, but that party could not
be perpetuated. What are their living lights
to-day? They say now, "internal improve-
ments." Tlioy have located upon the great
and grand principle first enunciated by the old
Whig party; surely they have; they are all
internal improvement men now; they are all
bank men; they are all tariff men. Dem-
ocracy now occupies precisely the old Whig
grounds, and not a great many years hence
they will say that they, too, were in favor of
the Ku Klux bill. It will be with them as
with the distinguished Reverdy Johnson, when
he was summoned down, by large levies being
made on various portions of the country in
North Carolina and South Carolina, to defend
the Ivu Klux. He responded to the money;
but before he got throueh thoso trials he be-
came disgusted, and said that it was impossible
to recognize their acts; and what was his plea?
The answer was ''guilty, guilty, guilty?" but,
"ah," said he, "as a mitigating thing wo had
to form organizations here to protect ourselves;
the black men of the country had organized, and
they were going to burn, pillage, and destroy
tlie country at large!"
Mr. President, does not every intelligent
gentleman know that that is a threadbare argu-
ment, a simple backing down ? Why did they
not invoke the power of the Stategovcrnment?
Was there any intimation of that kind ou their
pa.it? None. Why did they not call on the
President of the United States? Was any
such intimation given to him ? None. Was
any intimation given that the members of that
alleged black organization should be indicted
and tried in the courts? None under heaven.
The Democratic papers from all the cross-
roads promulgated it as a farce, that the Ku
Klux committee was only organized for the
purpose of covering up the iniquitous acts of
the President and his party. '1 hey now, how-
ever, pretend to no such lliinsy pretext; they
acknowledge the existence of tho Ku Klux
organization, but they say it was started in
self-defense. Thus they go. Thousands there
are that have objected to the President of the
United States. They say that he adheres to
his friends. Upon that branch of the subject I
will at all times be ready to meet such an ac-
cusation as that. A President of the United
Slates who will not stand up to and indorse
1ns friends is unworthy of so high and proud a
position as that of Chief Magistrate of the
United States. I cite the authority of General
Jackson, if you please. What was the policy
of General Jackson ? When General Jackson
was installed in the chair of state, this hue and
cry was raised against him by the great party
of which, as a boy, I was an humble advocate
at that day. I thought they ware right; I
loved tho great Whig party ; 1 did not like the
Democratic party, and I have never changed
on that subject either. Bat General Jackson
stood up to his friends throughout the Union.
Washington society could testify to that. He
stood up for his friends in the domestic circle.
All manner ol allegations were abroad; the
forked tongue of slander was thrust at him in
all manner of ways ; and yethestood firm and
equable so far as friends were concerned, and
he succeeded. He who does not do that is not
very likely to succeed, nor is he worthy of
friends. Fast friends expect to find a fast
object upon which they place their affection.
Then when such an object in found, there is no
difficulty about it.
' Now, if I had any objection on God Al-
mighty's earth to our President, it would be
this, that he is not true enough to his friends.
I want a man first to know his friends, or
endeavor to do so. He ought to be well versed
iu human nature, and when he has found and
recognized a friend, never give him up under
any circumstances until it is unmistakably
manifest that his regard is improperly placed,
and then it is his bounden duty in an instant
to see that justice be done. That is the great
principle—justice before generosity. I main-
tain that while the President thus acts, with
all that can be heralded abroad against him,
all the assaults that are made will fall harm-
less at his feet, as they did at the feet of the
greatB'atherof his Country, Washington, when
he so gloriously filled the chair of State.
Mr. President, I have said much more than
I intended when I rose. I will only say, in
conclusion, that I think it is absolutely neces-
sary that we look further to Jefferson Davis,
A. H. Stephens, and those included iu the
exceptions. Time will wear on. If those
gentlemen are repentant, let them manifest it,
and whenever they do, I will accord to them
that which is demanded by charity, generosity,
magnanimity, and everything that is known to
tho American people, and relieve them ; but
this is not the day. The little documents that
1 have presented here to-day give you an idea
of what is abroad through the land. I regret
that they were placed in my possession; most
earnestly 1 deplore tho facts stated, but they
arc facts; and yet, under all the circumstances,
1 am going to vote for the bill as spoken of,
and 1 hope it will pass, and pass at a very early
period, and that these men will ho tried. If
they prove worthy, it will be happy for the
nation; if otherwise, power being yet securely
iu the hands of the great Republican party,
who alone at this day are able to wield the
destinies and perpetuate the existence of this
great nation, i am satisfied.
Mr. SAULSBURY obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Senator from
Delaware desire to go on this afternoon?
Mr. SAULSRUllY. It is immaterial to
mc. I am willing to do so if it is thepleasuie
of the Senate, or defer my remarks until the
morning.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from Dela-
ware desires to go on to-night, of course we
shall listen to him with pleasure ; but, if he
does not, I would like to call up two or three
smalt bills before we adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cak-
pbxtkb in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Delaware yield?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will defer to the wishes
of the gentleman who has charge of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 448.
Mr. SAULSBURY. So far as my own indi-
vidual feelings are concerned I should yield
with pleasure to the Senator from Massachu-
setts, but the gentleman having charge of the
bill prefers that I should submit my remarks
now.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from Del-
aware allow me to interpose a motion that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on
Monday next?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall adjourn
over, because I believe it will expedite tho
public business. We have business before the
committees that we cannot attend to in the
mornings of days that the Senate sits. I have
been, and I presume most Senators have been,
every day when not engaged in the Senate, on
Thursdays and Fridays, engaged in commit-
tees. The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
ton] has kept me in the committee-room on
those days until far past any reasonable din-
ner hour.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to state the reasons
why I cannot vote for this motion. We have
a bill before us that was from thirty to forty
days in the hands of the Committee on the
Judiciary, the apportionment bill. They have
now reported on that subject. There are some
sixteen or seventeen State Legislatures that
are in session. Many of those Legislatures
desire to adjourn soon. We ought to act upon
it. We ought to come here to morrow and
finish that bill this week, if it takes from now
until Sabbath morning to do it. I hope, there-
fore, that we shall meet to-morrow and take up
the apportionment bill, press it to a vote, and
settle it this week.
_Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not see the
slightest possibility that we shall take up the
apportionment bill this week; audit certainly
is true, as the Senator from Rhode Island has
stated, that the committees are pressed with
business, and I think the business of the coun-
try will be facilitated if the committees have
these two days to prepare their reports for the
Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Can this motion be
entertained if there be any objection to it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I suppose
not.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I shall be forced
to object. I want to get through with this
amnesty bill to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg pardon. The Sen-
ator should have objected before. This motion
has been entertained and is before the Senate.
I might a? well object to the amnesty bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think I objected
before.
Mr. HAMLIN. The motion is before the
Senate, I believe, that when we adjourn to-day
we adjourn to meet on Monday.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope that motion will not
prevail; I have had a little experience in this
body ; I have heard this talk about the meet-
ings of committees a great many times, and I
confess it has always failed to impress me as
it has been impressed on the mind of my friend
from Rhode Island. I do think that we owe
it to the States to dispose of the apportionment
bill. In my own State I see they are talking
of a final adjournment of the Legislature ou
the 10th of February. If the bill of the Senate
committee shall pass, it will necessitate a new
apportionment in our State, and either throw
the election over a year or incur the expense
of an extra session of the Legislature.
I am told we may not take up that bill to-
morrow. Very well, we shall make progress
with something else, which will bring us one
day nearer to it, so that we shall get it up
sooner by sitting to-morrow.
I think I may say that I believe there is no
Senator ill this body more prompt in his attend-
ance upon committee duties than myself. I
have not failed to attend every meeting of
every committee of which I am a member, with
one single exception, and then only because I
was sitting with one committee while another
was iu session. I think a little more labor and
a little less talk is what we want in this body;
that is my judgment, and that we shall get as
much work from committees as we want if we
hold a session to-morrow. I have no idea but
what the motion will prevail, but I state my
convictions. I do think there is a moral re-
ponsibility on us to sit here and do the duties
that we are sent here for, and this talk about
duties in committee is not good moonshine.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
not adjourn over. I do not, however, agree
with the Senator from Maine in the last re-
mark that he made, that this talk about work
ill committees is mere moonshine. Commit-
tee duties, according to my experience, are
very laborious, particularly in the committee
where I am chiefly engaged, so much so that
