536
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
given by the witnesses. It is just as if this
investigation bad never been undertaken. But
the committee resorts to argument, and what
argument! In the'first place it asserts that
Remington, although the War Department be-
lieved him to be a French agent, was no French
agent after all. A wonderful discovery! The
Secretary of War read a dispatch which, to
his unsophisticated mind, conveyed the idea
that Remington was the agent of the French
Government for the purchase of arms; and
well he might, for here is tbe dispatch :
It.iont, New York, October IS.
W. C. Squire, Arlington House, Washington :
Remington telegraphs if you have not yet
bought fot- the Government you will be able to do
so on better terms. By decree of the Government,
issued yesterday, all arms entering France are liable
to bo taken as national property and paid for ac-
cording to appraisement. Speculators in arms in-
tended for France will find their profits small. Com-
petition with you has been forced and fictitious.
What does this mean, " if you have not yet
bought for the Government? " Thetest.imony
shows that "the Government" meant the
French Government." What does it mean that
"by decree of-the Government," meaning
the French Government, "issuedyesterday, all
arms entering France are liable to be taken
as national property and paid for according
to appraisement?" It means simply that no
man shall import arms into France with any
advantage to himself except that which the
French Government is willing to grant him,
that thus competition is to be killed, so that
Mr Remington, the agent of the French
Government, may control the market. Of
course, tbe unsophisticated mind of the Sec-
letary jumped at once to the conclusion that
Remington must necessarily be an agent of
France, and I think that conclusion was very
well justified. There was a "soldier's con-
struction" again, gentlemen of the committee,
but this time it seems the soldier's construction
did not exactly suit you, and the astute lawyer
steps in for the purpose of protecting the unso-
phisticated soldier against himself. Remington
not. an agent of France when the Government
nold and delivered arms to him in October and
November, and yet Remington, according to
the majority report, recognized as an agent of
France when i' is asserted that the War Depart-
ment, did not deliver arms and ordnance stores
to liim ! What, was the difference between his
position in October and November, and that
in December and January? In October and
November he received a commission from the
French Government for the arms he bought,
and in December and January he did the
same, only that in October and November his
commission was five per cent., and in Decem-
ber and January it was two and a half percent.
But. aside from that the relations between
Remington and the French Government were
absolutely the same; there was no difference
at all. What constitutes an agent ? We have
in this very document a professional opinion
on Unit point; it is given by Mr. Garrison,
an old merchant, oue of the witnesses in this
case:
,lQur*tion. What would you consider the conditions
that would make a merchant an agent of the French
Government in the purchase of arms ?
'VIicv. A man who bought articles for the
French Government on a commission."
And that was exactly Mr. Remington's rela-
tion to the French Government-
Sir, the Secretary of War drew his conclu-
sions justly from that dispatch. How aston-
ished the unsophisticated mind of that soldier
must have been when the lawyer's wits sug-
gested to him that he had been superfluously
virtnousl Oh, the simple-minded Secretary;
he himself suspected some wrong in the case,
and lie did not know by half how innocent he
was until the committee of investigation told
him, just as the Irishman who stood before a
police court, and who, when he was acquitted,
exclaimed, " I almost suspected myself of
having broken Jimmy's head, and I did not
know, until I heard my lawyer, that I was as
innocent as a new-born babe." [Laughter.]
The Secretary was not quite as quick as the
Irishman, for when you read this testimony,
you will find that it required with him some
hard thinking to convince himself of his inno-
cence. But I suppose the committee have
thoroughly convinced him by this time.
But even the lawyer's ingenuity and skill
were not sufficient to the task of reasoning
away the evidence proving the direct com-
plicity of the ordnance officers in the subse-
quent sales to Remington, the French agent,
under the name of Richardson, and in the
Gatling gun case. There discretion was the
better part of valor. When they found it
impossible to deny that arms and ordnance
stores had been sold by our officers directly to
French agents, then the committee resorted
to a heroic effort.
The Secretary of War virtually admits him-
self that the sale of arms by the Government
to a belligerent party is a violation of our neu-
tral obligations. When it is proved that
officers of the Government have done this
very thing, then the committee concludes that
this is not so much the worse for the officers
of the Government, but it is so much the
worse for international law. Not only our
statutes, but also the law of nations must go
by the board.
And now mark the monstrous doctrine ad
vaticed in this report by the majority of the
committee, that a neutral Government may not
only permit its subjects to trade in material
of war with the belligerent party, which is not
denied, but that a neutral Government may,
without compromising its neutrality, open its
own arsenals and furnish a belligerent party
directly with arms and ordnance from its own
stores. Sir, I think such a doctrine has never
been heard of since civilized nations have con-
sidered themselves bound by rules of inter-
national conduct. Let me quote one of the
most leceut authorities on that subject, Blunt-
schli's code of international law. Bluntschli
says :
"It is also a violation of neutral duties when a
neutral State furnishes or aids in furnishing a belli-
gerent partywith arms or other material of war.
But when private persons merely in the ordinary
wuy of trade sell arms or other material of war to
tho belligerent State, then they indeed run the risk
to have their good- confiscated by the opposite party
as contraband of war; but by permitting such com-
merce of private partieswith a belligerent, the neu-
tral position of the State whose subjects carry on
such commerce is not compromised; butthe neutral
State is in duty bound to prevent as much as possi-
ble the exportation from its territory to a belliger-
ent of large quantities of arms and material of war
which may afford great aid to one of the belligerent
parties in the contest."
So that B! untschli not only holds that a neutral
Government, is not permitted to open its own
arsenals and sell and transfer from its own
stores arms and material of war to a belligerent
party or its agents, but that a neutral Govern-
ment is even bound to see to it that the quanti-
ties of arms exported by private citizens in aid
of one of the belligerents are not so large as to
exercise a very material effect upon the issue
of the war.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to have
the Senator read section eight hundred and
eight, on page 406, of the same work, which I
have here in French.
Mr. SCHURZ. I have here the work in
German. I translate from the German the
section to which the Senator refers:
" Trade in material of war or the manufacturing
of the same is not prohibited by international law
to neutral persons on neutral territory, not even
when such articles of trade are ordered or bought by
a belligerent party.
"But it is the duty of a neutral State to see to it
that no aid considerable enough to affect the result
of the war be rendered to a belligerent party by per-
sons on neutral territory, and it is the right of a bel- !
liferent to capture contraband of war and to pre-
vent the reinforcement of the opposite partsy."
Well, sir, what of this? Is not this the
same principle laid down in the paragraph
which I read before? And it tells directly
against the Senator's position. That private
persons may trade in material of war nobody
denies, although, as Bluntschli states, such
trade ought not to be carried on to too great
an extent. But the case is widely different
when a neutral Government opens its arsenals
and transfers from its own stock, arms, am-
munition. and material of war to a belligerent
party. There is a wide difference recognized
by every authority on international law.
Mr. SUMNER. That is impossible. It
cannot be done.
Mr. SOHURZ. Certainly not. Such a
doctrine was never heard of. I think it
appeared here in this report for the very first
time in the history of international law.
What is the statement of the committee?
" Congress having, by the act of 1868, directed the
Secretary of "War to dispose of these arms and stores,
and the Government being engaged in such sales
prior to the war between France and Germany, had
a light to continuo the fcame during the war, and
might, in the city of Washington, have sold and
delivered any amount of such stores to Frederick
William or Louis Napoleon in person, without
violating the obligations of neutrality, provided
such sales were made in good faith, not for the pur-
pose of influencing the strife, but in execution of the
lawiul purpose of the Government to sell its surplus
arms and stores.
" The United States, therefore, having a perfect
right to sell these arms, as above stated, it remains
to be considered what in fact was done by the Gov-
ernment in the premises."
The principle laid down here is indeed most
wonderful, that Congress having directed the
Secretary of War to dispose of arms prior to
a war abroad, the Government may go on
selling arms to a belligerent party during the
pendency of such a war. A Government thus
relieved of its international obligations by its
own statutes! Was there ever anything like
it? Carry that one step further. Suppose
Congress had directed the Secretary of the
Navy m time of universal peace to sell our
iron-clads, fully armed aud equipped, to any
purchaser that may offer himself, then, accord-
ing to the doctrine laid down here, the Gov-
ernment might go on after the breaking out of
a war abroad selling to a belligerent party our
iron-clad vessels, with guus and equipment on
boaid, in the lawful pursuit of trade, without
in the least compromising its neutrality.
Mr. CARPEN 1'ER. Undoubtedly.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator says Li un-
doubtedly." Can he be in earnest? Is that
a principle that the American Congress can
possibly indorse? Then, in the name of com-
mon sense, let us go home with our Alabama
claims, for Great Britain did nothing that in
any degree could be compared with this. It
was not the British Government that sold rebel
cruisers to the confederate agents. The rebel
cruisers were built and sold by private parties ;
those private parties had carried on their law-
ful trade before the war of the rebellion ever
was heard of in this country ; and according
to the doctrine laid down bv this committee,
not only private individuals" in England, but
the British Government, had it ever sold war
ships before, would have been perfectly in the
right had they sold iron-clads fully armed and
equipped to confederate agents. No violation
of neutral duties in it, I suppose.
Mr. CARPENTER. If an interruption
will not annoy the Senator, then we may get
exactly at the point of difference. The differ-
ence between the two cases is ibis: if Eng-
land had had men-of-war for sale and had sold
them, that would have been one thing. Our
complaint against England has been, not that
she sold what she had a tight to sell in peace
or war, but that she allowed ships to be built
in her territory for the purpose of being
equipped, and manned, and sailed from her
