1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3277'
reported amendments intended to be proposed
to the bill (H. R. No. 2706) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal -year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes, when it shall
have reached the Senate; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. B- No. 2208) making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works on rivers and harbors,
and for other purposes; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted an. amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the amend-
ment reported by Mr. Trumbull, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, to the bill (S.
No. 628) authorizing terms of the United
States district court to be held at Fort Gibson,
in the Indian territory; which was ordered
tobe printed.
ARMS FOR MONTANA.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent
to take up a small bill of a few lines, granting
a thousand stand of arms to Montana for
defensive purposes. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will allow it to pass. It is very im-
portant if it is to be done at all that it should
be done now.
Mr. MORTON. If there is to be no debate
I will yield, as I think tbat is rather an im-
portant bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Has not a bill just come
from the House in regard to which there should
be some action?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit that after the proposition of the Sen-
ator's colleague is considered, if it shall be,
unless the Senator antagonizes his colleague.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no ; I do not.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the W-hole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2507) to authorize
the issue of a supply of arms to the authori-
ties of the Territory of Montana. It instructs
the Secretary of War, without delay, to cause
one thousand effective breech-loading rifled
muskets and two hundred thousand cartridges
to be forwarded to and placed at the disposal
of the Governor of the Territory of Montana,
delivered at Virginia City, for distribution
among the settlers of the Gallatin valley and
other exposed localities in the Territory for
home defense against Indian raids; and the
Governor of the Territory, in making the dis-
tribution, is to take from the parties to whom
they may be distributed good and sufficient
security for the return of the arms to the
United States after the necessity for their use
has ceased.
The bill was reported without amendment,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
DISTRICT REFORM SCHOOL.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 354) relating to
the Reform School of the District of Columbia.
The Chief Clerk read the amendments,
which were in section one, line fifteen, to
strike out "three" and insert "one;" in
section two, line five, to strike out the word
"here" and insert "within this District;"
in section six, line seven, to strike out the
words "and the '' and to insert " and for as-
sistant teachers and others," and at the end
of the section, to strike out the words " and so
forth;" and at the end of the bill to add the
following proviso :
Provided, That before any part of this appropri-
ation Shall bo drawn plans and specifications ot the
Building to be erected shall be made by the archi-
tect of the Capitol and approved by the Sccrctary
ot the Interior, and the amount expended for the
purchase of said site and the erection of said build-
1BS snail not exceed the sum hereby appropriated.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
concur in those amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts, the acting chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, moves
a concurrence in the amendments of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
SALARY OP CONSUL AT TIEN-TSIN.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate to give
me two or three minutes to pass a little bill,
and I do so only because I am going home
to-morrow for a couple of days, and I desire
this bill to be passed before I go. I know
there will be no objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1055) to regulate the
salary of the consul at Tien Tsin, China. It
provides that the salary of the lTnited States
consul at Tien-Tsin, China, shall, from and
after the passage of the act, be $3,500; and the
laws regulating the duties of salaried consuls
are to govern him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a tbird reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CEMETERY FOR DENVER. CITY.
Mr. POMEROY. I hold in my hand a
House bill which allows the city of Denver, in
Colorado Territory, to purchase a quarter
section of land adjoining the town for a ceme-
tery. The city has used this for a cemotery and
about two thousand persons are said to be buried
there. I have a memorial from the city au-
thorities on the subject. But the title to that
quarter section is in the Government and the
city authorities wish to have the title to the
land vested in the city. The House has passed
a bill to that effect, that the city may have the
title to the ground that they occupy for a
cemetery. I ask that the bill may now be
taken up and passed.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2627) to enable the
city of Denver to purchase certain lands in
Colorado for a cemetery.
Mr. MORTON. What has become of the
order of the day ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order is
still pending, but unauimous consent is asked
to the consideration of this bill.
Mr. MORTON. This thing must come to
an end, and after the termination of this bill
I shall insist on proceeding with the regular
order.
The bill was read. It proposes to authorize
the mayor of the city of Denver, in Colorado
Territory, to enter through the proper land
office, at the minimum price per acre, the
following lands belonging to the United States:
the northwest quarter of the southwest quar-
ter of section No. 1, and the southwest quarter
of the southeast quarter and the north half of
the southeast quarter of section No. 2, in town-
ship No. 4 south, of range No. 68 west of the
sixth principal meridian, in the Territory ot
Colorado, being one hundred and sixty acres
of land lying adjacent to the city of Denver,
to be held and used for a burial-place for
that city and vicinity.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ELECTIONS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. KELLOGG. Now, inasmuch as my
friend from Indiana will not object, I ask that
a vote be taken on Senate bill No. 58. I am
sure it is understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana asks unanimous consent that
the present business be informally passed over,
so that the Senate may vote on the Louisiana
election bill, subject to a demand for the reg-
ular order.
Mr. STOCKTON. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move, then, to lay the
pending order on the table temporarily for the
purpose of getting a vote on this bill; and it
can be resumed afterward.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana moves that the pending busi-
ness, being the bill to amend the enforcement
act, be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. Now I move to take up
Senate bill No. 58.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on a
division—ayes 24, noes 14; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 58) to pre-
scribe the time for holding the election for
electors of President and Vice President in
the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, a mem-
ber of such a miuority as that to which I
belong in this body is in duty bound to present
his views, at least by his vote, upon every
measure before the body for passage. It is
sometimes his duty, in addition, to express
his opinions as to the merits of the measure.
That is a duty which has really no essential
reference to the result. I infer from the indi-
cations that the passage of this bill is a fore-
ordained fact by one of those conventions out-
side of the law which nowadays are so com-
monly used to control legislation, and to that
end, as far as may be necessary, to force the
consciences and the will of Senators. That
has become so much an accepted thing that
to be charged with it, however truly, is
scarcely felt as a reproach any longer in this
Chamber.
What I shall have to say, sir, will be very
brief. One thing which occurs to me is that
here is a bill which undertakes to change the
day of holding the presidential election in one
State so that it shall fall on the same day with
the State election. For a long time it has
been agreed among right-minded, intelligent
men, that uniformity of elections, especially
with regard to so important a subject as the
Presidency, was highly desirable in various
ways. By the action of Congress and the con-
curring action of the States uniformity in that
respect has been pretty generally secured.
That it is a desirable thing will not be dis-
puted. That it is, iu fact, if not vital, very
healthful to honesty in elections, is so obvious
that it requires merely to be stated.
It seems to me that at this time, above all
others, on the very eve of an exciting contest
for the Presidency, when you have placed in
the hands of the present Chief Magistrate,
who will doubtless'be a candidate himself for
reelection, such powers as never were reposed
in the hands of one man in time of peace in
any Government having the slightest pretense
to be free, much less to be republican, it is
exceedingly objectionable, exceedingly sus-
picious, that this bill should be brought for-
ward to break down, so far as the State of
Louisiana is concerned, the uniformity of the
_ day for the presidential election throughout
the. country. The reason given for it is so
weak as to suggest at once the irresistible con-
clusion that there is some other reason which
cannot well be made public. Senators will
have to judge as to that for themselves, lhe
exposition of that branch of the subject made
the day before yesterday by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] was ample. _ I do not
desire, nor perhaps could I, if I wished, add
anything to what he said so strongly. The
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] under-
took to answer the Senator from Illinois; hut
I do not think the usual success which attends
that Senator in debate followed hiin upon that
occasion.
Mr. President, as in the case of most import-
ant political ideas, besides the aspect of right
and justice there is an aspect of high senti-
ment, of grandeur connected with uniformity
of the day for the presidential election. It is
one of the finest things conceivable that forty
