1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
that committee has resolved to hold night ses-
sions. But notwithstanding that, I think we
ought to stay here and do some business.
Here is the apportionment bill that is press-
ing upon us. The Legislatures of the various
States are in session, and some of them are
continuing their sessions, in order to redistrict
the States according to the law of Congress
which shall be passed apportioning Represent-
atives to them. They cannot, of course, dis-
trict their States for members of Congress
until they know how many members they are
to have.
That is the bill which is pressing upon us;
and the amnesty question is pressing upon us;
and it ought to be settled. I was in hopes
that we could stay here to-night until we got a
vote on amnesty; and if we cannot do it to-
night I hope it may be the understanding that
when we come here to-morrow we will not
adjourn until we have disposed of the amnesty
question one way or the other. The Senator
from South Carolina made an effort the other
day to get an agreement to take the vote at
some particular time upon that subject, and
I should be very glad if the Senate could come
to such an understanding; but if not, I do
hope the friends of amnesty will stand by the
bill, and not adjourn to-morrow until we get
a vote upon it. I trust the Senate will not to-
day adjourn over until Monday. Let us sit
to-morrow at any rate, if we cannot sit on
Saturday.
Mr. COLE. Before the Senator from Illi-
nois came in, a moment ago, the subject of
taking up the apportionment bill and making
it a special order for to-morrow was discussed
by some of the Senators here, and if he, as
chairman of the committee having that bill in
charge, is ready to go oa with it to-morrow, I
would suggest to him that he move to make
it the special order for to-morrow, and let us
dispose of it on that da}'. There is, as has
been stated over and over again, very great
necessity for disposing of that bill at once. The
Legislature of my Slate is in session. They
wish to make She new apportionment at this
session of the Legislatuse, and they need time
to .do it. The same is true, as is stated, of a
dozen or sixteen other States. I ask the
Senator, therefore, to move to make that bill
the special order for to-morrow, and let us
dispose of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iain ready to take up
the apportionment bill, and should be very
glad to take it up to-morrow, or would have
been glad to have it taken up to-day ; but I can-
not antagonize the apportionment bill against
the amnesty bill, which has been under discus-
sion. The friends of amnesty have been equally
urgent that that bill be disposed of, and I will
say to the Senator from California that in my
judgment economy of time requires us, when
we have got one subject up and have partially
discussed it, to hold on to it until we tinish it.
The debate upon amnesty will come to an end
some time or other if we hold the Senate to it,
and I hope there will be no giving way.
Mr. COLE. It promises now to run on
indefinitely.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will not, I assure the
Senator from California, if it can be under-
stood in the Senate that the amnesty bill is not
to get the go-by for every person who wants to
make a speech upon some other subject, or
introduce some other proposition, and have it
informally laid aside. Let it be understood
that it will be laid aside for nothing until it is
ended. That is the way to accomplish busi-
ness here. While I am anxious to take up
the apportionment bill, I do not feel at liberty
to move to postpone the amnesty bill for the
purpose of taking it up. I think true econ-
omy requires us to come here to-morrow, take
up the amnesty bill at one o'clock, and finish
it to-morrow.
Mr. COLE. There is no such special rea-
son, as I understand it, for an early disposi-
iion of the amnesty bill, as there is for prompt
action on the apportionment bill. The Legis-
latures of the several States I suppose are
not to act on that, nor are any other bodies;
it may be postponed without any detriment to
anybody; but not so with the apportionment
bill, which must be acted upon by the several
States where the apportionment is to be remade.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from South Carolina that there are
several Senators who desire to speak upon the
amnesty bill, as I understand the facts of the
case. _ I do not think the amnesty bill is losing
anything by being fully discussed here, nor do
I think the amendment proposed by my col-
league is losing anything in the Senate or the
country by being discussed here. I would be
glad to have a vote upon the subject to-mor-
row ; but 1 do not believe we can get one if
the matter is pressed. But of one thing I am
sure : that we can afford to spend three or four
days on that measure if we desire to do so;
but we have no three or four days to spend on
the apportionment bill that has just come to
us from the Committee on the Judiciary. That
bill ought to be settled, and it ought to be
settled this week. It will be several days be-
fore it will become a law anyway. It ought to
be passed for the sake of the Legislatures that
are now sitting, and who will desire to adjourn
goon.
It seems to me the best thing to do is to take
up to-morrow the apportionment bill, and settle
it this week if we can, and I thi nk we can do it.
Then take up the amnesty bill on Monday, and
if the Senator from South Carolina thinks we
can get through it on Monday, let us sit it out;
if not, sit it out on Tuesday and stand by the
bill. I agree with the general doctrine an-
nounced here, that it is best when we get a bill
up to stand by it; but there is an absolute
necessity for taking up the apportionment bill.
It may he days in the House, if we amend it,
before it is finally passed, and if the Legis-
latures are forced to adjourn, owing to our
dilatory action, without districting their States,
there will be complaint in the country, and
there ought to be complaint. I think that
stands before any other measure we have
pending in the Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Is it decided by the
Chair that the motion made by the Senator
from Rhode Island is in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
not having been objected to at the proper time,
is now before the Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I appeal to the
Senate not to adjourn over to Monday, but to
come here on Friday, and if need be on Satur-
day, until this question is decided. I hope the
motion will not prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is, that when the Senate adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. THURMAN. I have voted for a sim-
ilar motion .every time it has been made at this
session, and I believe every other session, and
have made it frequently myself, and I believe
it is the best way to dispatch the business of
the Senate understandmgly. So far from there
being no necessity for committees to meet to
occupy the days when the Senate is not in ses-
sion, the committees do meet. The Senate
did not sit last Friday and did not sit last
Saturday, but it is known to some of us that
we were on committee work the whole of
Friday and the whole of Saturday. I am sure
I was. So far from escaping labor by the
adjournment over, I labor harder those two
days than any two days of the week. But if
the Senator from South Carolina says that it
is his purpose to ask the Senate to sit out the
amnesty bill to-morrow, then I shall vote
against adjourning over to Monday. If it is
not his purpose to ask the Senate to set out
the bill to-morrow, then I shall vote to adjourn
to Monday.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It is my purpose to
ask the Senate to sit out this bill to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY, I have refrained from
taking any part in the amnesty debate, think-
ing we should get a vote, and if we could get
a vote to-morrow that would be a very desira-
ble thing ; but I do feel a special interest in
•the apportionment bill, and I was going to
move if we cannot get a vote on the amnesty
bill, to postpone that, bill and take up the ap-
portionment bill. The Legislature of my own
State, as is the case in other States, is now in
session. In any event we have got to district
the State, because the whole State is now in
one district. _ Our constitution limits the term
that the Legislature can stay together. They
cannot be together - more than forty days.
More than half that time is out now, and they
have not yet taken up the apportionment
question in the Legislature.
Mr. COLE. The time is limited in my
State also.
Mr POMEROY. There will be, I think,
reasonable ground of complaint against us, as
the Senator from Massachusetts has said, if
we spend our time day after day and week
after week on this amnesty bill and yet take
no vote on it or any other. If the amnesty
bill can be disposed of to-morrow, I am will-
ing to stick by it; if not 
Mr. RAMSEY. Why does not the Senator
now move to postpone the amnesty bill for the
purpose of taking up the apportionment bill?
Mr. POMEROY. I was suggesting that
very motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let that bill be taken up,
and the question of adjourning over to Monday
can be settled afterward.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to test Iho
sense of the Senate on this one question:
whether we will proceed with the amnesty bill
or the apportionment bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to make a suggestion. May we not name
some hour to-morrow, say nine o'clock to-
morrow night, or ten o'clock to-morrow night,
or some earlier hour, to take the vote on the
amnesty bill? I understand certain gentlemen
desire to address the Senate on that question.
We might name an hour and get through the
bill to morrow. If an hour is named, and it is
certain that wc can take the vote on the bill
and the amendments at a particular hour,
there can be no difficulty. I will say eight
o'clock to-morrow. ["No!" "No!"] 1 will
say six, or five o'clock, or any hour that is
satisfactory.
Mr. POMEROY. There are several Sena-
tors who desire to address the Senate on that
bill who will not consent to such an arrange-
ment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That will
give a long period of time to those who desire
to speak.
Mr. POMEROY. There are those who will
not, I understand, agree to take the vote at any
particular hour.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope the friends of
the hill will sit it out to morrow night.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the present
and all prior orders be postponed, and that wo
proceed to the consideration of the bill known
as the apportionment bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That mo-
tion is not in order, and will not be until the
pending question is disposed of. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island, that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. POMEROY. I would like to know if
we eannotpostpone the pending question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is impossible to take
the vote on the amnesty bill to-morrow. I
think I am more anxious than any other Sen-
ator here to have that vote taken and the bill
disposed of; but we know that there are a
number of Senators who desire to speak upon
it and who fairly ought to be allowed to speak
upon it. There has been none of that debate
upon this bill which was intended to prolong
