1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2381
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the gen-
tleman, as he seems disposed to question the
statement of fact 
Mr. ELDKEDGE. I do not desire to seem
to have any controversy about the matter, hut
simply to state this, as the proposition upon
which my mind has rested, that if the Com-
mittee of the Whole by its action has acted at
all upon this matter so as to bring it before
the House, it must have come before the
House upon the report of the chairman of the
Committee of the Whole. Unless they have
acted upon it so as to have it brought before
the House on the report of the chairman, the
House cannot act upon it either by yeas and
nays or iu any other way. It isonly when the
Committee of the Whole have so acted that
the matter can be reported to the House, that
the House can act upon it.
Mr. SAHGENT. It is obvious of course,
that the Committee of the Whole did not act
upon the Senate amendment in the form in
•which it passed the Senate. It seems to me
this matter is of very easy solution. I move
an amendment which I believe will possess
the advantage of raising a direct question
which can be settled by a yea and nay vote,
and will not differ substantially from the Sen-
ate amendment, though it may change it in
form. It will also avoid a point of order
■which might be made in that respect. I move
to amend the proviso of the Senate amend-
ment that it will read :
Provided, That after the publication of the laws
and treaties of the present Congress, the publication
of laws and treaties in newspapers shall aease.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman modify
liis proposition so as to provide that the pay-
ment for the publication of laws in newspapers
shall cease after the present Congress?
The SPEAKER. There is no necessity for
any dispute as to the ruling of the Chair,
because any member has a right to demand a
separate vote on any amendment of the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL. Where the two bodies
have concurred?
The SPEAKER. On this point seems to
arise the misapprehension on the part of some
members of the House. The fact that the
Committee of the Whole has passed upon a
Senate amendment does not deprive the House
of the right to vote on it when reported back.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I think the Speaker is
clearly right on that point.
Mr. McNEELY. I rise to a question of
order. What is now before the House ?
The SPEAKER. A question of order.
Mr. JlcNEELY. What is that?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been en-
deavoring to state it.
Mr. McNEELY. There seems to be a good
deal more being discussed than a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gamield] is on the floor, and will
state the action he proposes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the
previous question on the bill and pending
amendnn-uis. _ , .
Mr. BUTLER, ot Massachusetts. 1 desire
to oiler an amendment to the amendment of
tuo geurletpan from California, [Mr. SargextJ
to strike out all alter the word "dollars  
Mr. McNEELY. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. McNeely] has been assigned tne
floor, the Chair will entertain his motion. L he
Chair has frequently ruled that it is necessary
a gentleman should have the floor in order to
move to adjourn. .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. _ I insist on my
demand for the previous question.
Mr. McNEELY. Who has the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.] .
Mr McNEELY. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Buti.br] was just addressing
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. So was the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. McNeely,] but neither
the gentleman from Massachusetts cor the
gentleman from Illinois has the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the previous ques-
tion is called I trust the exact position of this
question mav be understood.
Mr. McNEELY. I rise to a question of
order. I ask that gentlemen take their seats.
The SPEAKER. That point is well taken.
^Laughter.] The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] being on the floor to demand the
previous question, yields that the gentleman
xom California [Mr. Sargent] may move to
amend Senate amendment number twenty-
five, Does he yield further?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No, sir. • I de-
mand the previous question on the bill and
pending amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the exact position
of this question will be understood.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate as it
appears in the bill actually returned from the
Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word "dollars," insert the words "and
in newspapers, $50,000: Provided, That after the
publication of the laws of the present Congress, the
publication of the laws in newspapers shall cease."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] proposes to amend this
amendment by changing the proviso so as to
read:
Provided,That after the publication of the laws
and treatiesof the present Congress, the publication
ot laws and treaties in newspapers shall cease.
Mr. HOLMAN. The question which I
sought to raise has not yet been determined. As
I understand, the amendment of the Senate
inserting after the word '• dollars" the words
"and in newspapers, $50,000," was stricken
out by the Committee of the Whole.
Mr! RANDALL, Certainly it was.
Mr. HOLMAN. And was so reported to
the House. It was stricken out upon my
motion on a vote by tellers.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir. There were
two votes. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] and myself, having both
discussed the subject, were the tellers.
The SPEAKER. The point made by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmax] is
correct according to the records.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I modify my amend-
ment by inserting the restof the Senate amend-
ment before the words originally proposed in
my amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will re-
duce his proposition to writing.
Mr. McNEELY. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is on the floor to demand the previous ques-
tion. When he surrenders the floor the Chair
will recognize the gentlemau from Illinois to
move to adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask a parliamentary question. Would it be in
order to move to strike out the proviso after
the amendment was amended?
The SPEAKER. Not after the House dis-
tinctly voted it in. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] demands the previous ques-
tion on the bill and pending amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I desire to call the attention of the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] to
the fact that, as this stood before the Com-
mittee of the Whole, it enabled us to vote on
two independent propositions. Now, my in-
quiry to the Chair is whether in the House
the "proposed amendment of the gentleman
from California will afford an opportunity to
members to vote on the two separate proposi-
tions ? 1 submit whether the gentleman from
Ohio will not permit this to be done ; that is,
to take a vote on the appropriation and a sep-
, arate vote QU the proviso?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
the point which the gentleman from Indiana
raises. The appropriation of $50,000 and the
proviso present two different propositions, and
each being substantive in its nature, they can
be divided and a separate vote taken on each,
and the Chair will so rule.
dr. houard's case.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on E'oreign Affairs, reported
the following resolution ; which was recom-
mitted, and ordered to be printed.
Whereas Dr. John Emilio Ilouard has, after one
years' imprisonment and trial by a military court-
martial, been convicted of complicity in an insur-
rection against the Spanish Government in the
island of Cuba, and, upon said oonviction, has been
transported to a penal colony of Spain for the term
of eight years, from which conviction, sentence, and
punishment he appeals for protection to the Gov-
ernment of the United States; and whereas it ap-
pears, first, that said Houard was a native-born
citizen of the United States; second, that he never
renounced his allegiance as such citizen; but, on
the contrary, has claimed to be and has been en-
rolled by the officers of the Government and of the
United States as a citizen of the United States;
third, that it is not shown by any form of proof that
he ever became, by any act, a subject or citizen of
the Government of Spain; and whereas it further
appears that his trial, sentence, and punishment
have been in disregard and violation of his un-
doubted rights as a citizen of the United States
under the Constitution and laws thereof, and the
treaty of October 27,1795, between the United States
and Spain: Therefore, .
lie it resoloed, That in the judgment ot this House
the said John Emilio Houard was and is a citizen
of the United States by birth and continued and
uninterrupted choice, and as such is entitled to all
and every protection from this Government, and,
111 the opinion of this House, tho President should
promptly demand his unconditional release and the
restoration of his property, whioh has been confis-
cated to the use of the Spanish Government.
Mr. McNEELY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
52, noes 78.
Mr. McNEELY demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it resulted hi
the negative—yeas 41, nays 102, not voting,
97 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Acker, Ames, Archer, Arthur.
Beck, Bell, Bud, Caldwell, Comingo, Davis, Dox.pu
Bose, Duke, Eldredge, Borker, Garrett, Getz, Golla-
dav, Haldeman, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harper,
John T. Harris, Hereford, Hibbard, King, Manson,
McClelland. McHenry, McNcely Mercur, .-Benja-
min F Meyers, Randall, Scofield, Shober, Slater,
Stevens Terrs', Whitthorne, and l oung-41,
IN1 AYS —Messrs. Ambler, Avorill, Banks, Barry,
Beatty, Bovendge, Bigby, Bingham, Braxton,
Bright, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Biiffiiiton,
Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
it. Butler, Cobb, Coghlan, Conger, De Large, Don-
nan Duell, Bunnell, Eames, Fmkelnbure. Charles
Foster, Wiidcr D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich,
Griffith, Hale, Halsey, Harmer, George L. Harris,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. llazelton, Hill, lloar,
Holman.Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Lampoit, Lowe,
Maynard, MoCormick, McCrary, McGrevv, Mc-
Junk.n. McKee, Mel nam, Merrick, Monroe, Moore,
Morphis, Leonard Myer3. "Negley. Orr. Packard,
Packer, Palmer. Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron k.
Perry Peters, Poland, Prindle, llamey, .bin* ii.
Roberts, Roosevelt, Rupk. Sargent, £a\vvcr, bes-
sion< Shanks, Slocum, John A. fenntn, Worthing-
tonO. Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Spraguc, Stougiiton,
Stoweli, Strong, Sutherland, Swann, laite, inomas,
Washington Townsend, Turner, iwichell, iyner,
Upson, Walden. Waldron, Wallace Wells, \\■ lllard,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John X. Wilson—102.
not VOTING—Metars, Adams, Barber, Barnum,
Bi"KS Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boles, James
Brooks, Campbell, Carroll, William T. Clark, iree-
mar. Clarke, Coburn, Conner, Cotton, Cox, t^rco^,
Creely, Criteher, Ciocker, Crossland, Darrall. JJa« es,
Dickey, Elliott, Ely.Farnsworth, larwell, Henrj 1).
Foster, Hambleton, Havens, Hawlev, Ha>. Ha\s,
Hemdon, Hooper, Houghton, Kerr, Ketcham, K
linger, Kmsetla, Lamison. LansiM Leach, Lew s,
Lvnch. Marshall. Mclntyre MeKinne> U[itchen,
Morev Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, lwiao
O Paiker Eli f>erry, Piatt, Porter, Potter. Price,
Re id Edward T. Bice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, \\ il
liam R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Seeloy, hUoldon,
Sheilabarger, Sherwood, Shoemaker. Slo.s, H.
Boardman Smith, Snapp, Snyder, li. ..Iilton bpeer,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Storm, St. John, Syptier,
Dm-htTownsend. Tuthill, Van Trump, A' auglian,
Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman \\ alls Warren,
Wheeler,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Williams
of New York, Winchester, and Wood— W7.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. McNEELY. I move that when the
