1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53f
42d Cong....2d Sbss.
Sales of Arms to French Agents^—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
ports to,prey upon our commerce. The Su-
preme Court of the United States has decided
in the case of the Santisswaa Trinidad, that where
a ship is sold, that is where it is sent from a
neutral country to be sold as an article of
commerce, that is contraband of course, and
runs that risk, but it is no violation of neutral-
ity ; but that if we had permitted that ship to
be manned and sailed from our harbors for
the purpose of making an expedition against
the commerce of a belligerent, that would have
been making war upon her.
Mr. SCHURZ. The case of the Santis-
siraa Trinidad is not at all in point here. Now,
does the Senator not know that the British
Government as a Government did not sell any
cruisers to the confederacy? Does he not
know that those rebel cruisers were built, not
by the British Government, but by private par-
ties, the Lairds, whose business it had been for
many years to do the very same thing.
Mr. CARPENTER. I assume that the
Senator does not want to misrepresent me or
misunderstand me.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly not.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will not interrupt
the Senator if it annoys him.
Mr. SCHURZ. Not at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. We all understand
that the British Government did not sell those
cruisers. The Lairds did sell them. They
had a right to sell them in time of peace.
Our complaint against England, however, was
that they were furnished forth there and
turned into an expedition inside British ter-
ritory ; not that it was a sale of a ship as an
article of commerce, but that expeditions
were fitted out there, these vessels were built
there for the purpose of being used, they were
manned, they were armed and equipped with
British guns and with British seamen, and
sailed from their ports for an expedition.
That is the ground, as I understand.
Mr. SCHURZ. In answer to this point I
will go with the Senator once more over his
whole argument. He tells us, there having
been a statute before the French-German war
broke out which authorized and directed the
War Departmentto sell arms and ammunition,
by virtue of that statute the War Department
had authority, and for aught I know in his
opinion it was its duty, to sell those arms and
ammunition during thependencyofthe French-
German war, and even directly to the belli-
gerent parties if they had been represented here
by the very chief of the belligerent States. Is
not that the argument?
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, it is partly so
and partly not. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHURZ. I will read it from the
printed report again ; and inasmuch as this
report is reputed to be the production of the
Senator himself, I think he will not deny
that I state him correctly when I read his own
language.
Mr. CARPENTER. The report is all right.
Mr. SCHURZ. The report says :
"Congresshaving, by tho act of 186$,directed the
Seoretary of War to dispose of these arms and stores,
and the Government being engaged in such sales
prior to the war between France find Germany, had
a right to continue the same during the war, and
might, in the city of Washington, have sold and
delivered any amount of such stores to Frederick
William or Louis Napoleon in person without vio-
lating the obligations of neutrality, provided such
sales were made in good laith, not for the purpose
of influencing tbe strife, but in execution of the law-
ful purpose of the Government to sell its surplus
arms and stores."
That is the Senator's own statement. What
does it mean? The statute having been en-
acted previous to the war, that same statute
authorized the Government to sell arms and
munitions of war during the pendency of that
war directly to the belligerent parties repre-
sented ia the persons of the very chiefs of the
belligerent States. Is that a correct statement
or'not? The Senator nods assent. Very
well. I went on to say that if this applies
to the War Department, it might just as well
apply to the Navy Department; that in 1868
a statute might have been passed authorizing
and directing the Secretary of the Navy to sell
off our iron-clads, fully armed and equipped
with guns and ammunition on board, to be
manned here by whomsoever pleased to man
them, the flag of the purchasing Govern-
ment to be hoisted in our own ports on deliv-
ery ; and that by virtue of that statute our
Government might have sold those iron-clads
fully armed and equipped, in the same man-
ner in which they might have sold them in
times of peace, during the pendency of the
French-German war, either to Louis Napoleon
or the Emperor William. Is the conclusion
correct? Very well; then I say if that is the
law, we may at once withdraw our Alabama
claims, for then Great Britain did far less than
the Senator from Wisconsin at the present
moment asserts the Government of the Uni-
ted States would have been authorized to do.
Who will gainsay that? I assert that if the
committee had been retained as the attorneys
of Great Britain, which I am sure they were
not, certainly they could not have in tbis case
used bolder arguments than this; but I am
sure arguments so reckless will appear rather
amusing than serious to impartial men in every
civilized country. At any rate, whatever the
short-comings of the committee may have been,
it did not lack the courage of self-sacrifice.
Now, sir, survey the whole field once more.
Neither the evidence in the case, nor mani-
fest truth, nor commpn sense, nor our own
laws, nor the law of nations, nor the interests
of the country before a great international
tribunal where they are or ought to be taken
care of now, could escape promiscuous
slaughter to justify the astounding conclusion
that even if the officers of the Government in
this case were wrong according to their own
showing, their own showing must have been
wrong and the officers must have been right
in spite of themselves. I leave the majority
of the committee to the glory of their achieve-
ments.
Of course after all this the verdict of that
majority is that there is no officer of the Gov-
ernment in the least to blame in this matter;
that they did just right, nothing more and
nothing less. But, sir, there are some per-
sons to blame; some persons who in the opin-
ion of the committee did wrong; and marvel-
ous as it may seem, they are not the officers
of the Government who broke the laws and
violated the orders of the War Department,
but the men who really did wrong were those
upon this floor who moved and advocated {hat
those violations of law should be inquired
into. The committee has indeed not ventured
to assert in plain and positive language that
those Senators, meaning the Senator from
Massachusetts and myself, have been, as was
ouce insinuated, in communication or collu-
sion with an agent of a foreign Government
for illicit purposes.
It is indeed stated that those Senators could
have obtained all the facts elicited by this
inquiry by simply applying to the Secretary
of the Treasury and the War Department for
information, which they might have done in
five minutes ; and it is intimated that in mov-
ing the inquiry they were to some extent
prompted and set on by a gentleman con-
nected with a foreign legation.
Now, sir, as to the first point, I ask, is there
a man in this country credulous enough to
believe that the War Department would have
voluntarily disclosed the facts elicited by this
inquiry ? Were not those facts elicited by long
and difficult examination of witnesses, most
of whom were so unwilling that the truth could
be drawn only from a mass of evasive find pre-
varicating testimony? And now it is boldly
asserted that all this could have been discov-
ered by putting a question or two to the very
partieB who are so highly interested in .con-
cealing what was done. It is preposterous.
You might as well have tried to discover all
the abuses of the New York custom-house
by simply addressing your Questions to Tom
Murphy or to the firm of Leet & Stocking.
But, as to the second point, I repel with
indignation the imputation which is thrown
upon us that the Senator from Massachusetts
or myself in advocating this inquiry were moved
by any instigation on the part of anybody con-
nected with any foreign'Government in the
world. Who are the gentlemen of this com-
mittee that they should undertake to cast so
foul an imputation upon their associates in this
body? There is not one of them, let me boldly
tell them, to whom I yield in patriotic impulse
or in devotion to the best interests of the Ameri-
can people. And when to impartial men the
question is once put, who it is that in this busi-
ness rendered the best service to his country,
I am sure the answer can be but one ; and that
is, not those who by artful quibbles or by mon-
strous doctrines, or by graceless aspersions
upon their associates, strive to justify the most
indefensible acts of public servants, thus en-
couraging violations of law for the future,
nourishing that demoralization of the public
service which is so much complained of, and
instigating the repetition of acts calculated to
undermine constitutional government and to
dishonor and imperil the Republic. Not
that they rendered a service to this country,
but those did who fearlessly drew to light the
wrongs committed, that the breakers of the
law, even if they do escape the punishment
they so richly deserve, shall at least not escape
public reprobation, and that in future those
who are'tempted to trifle with the laws and
the great interests of the Republic shall stand
in wholesome fear of a watchful eye and of a
fearless and independent sense of right. For,
sir, whatever may be the result of this inquiry
now, and however indisposed those in power
may be to vindicate the laws, one thing is
certain: as long as this generation lives, no
other Administration will dare again to com-
promise the international standing of this
country by such scandals as the Bales of arms
here in question. I challenge comparison
between the character of our conduct and the
character of this report, and I am sure we
shall not suffer by placing them side by side.
Another matter which the committee have
made the subject of elaborate censure is this:
in testifying I refused to lay before the com-
mittee letters giving me confidential informa-
tion on the subject under inquiry, and also the
name of the Senator who had communicated
to me the letter from Remington to Le Cesne.
I stated under oath that, aside from the in-
formation I had from the Marquis de Cham-
brun, which I testified to, the letters in ques-
tion all came from American citizens, so that
they did not bear upon that part of the inquiry
which related to collusion with agents of a
foreign Government. The Senatorfrom Mas-
sachusetts, I think, made the same declara-
tion. The majority of the committee call
such a refusal an assumption of "an artful
and arbitrary immunity belonging to feudal
days and resting upon monarchical princi-
ples, a crime, a contempt of the Senate, and
so on.
Now, sir, I will not follow the committee in
the details of their learned argument, but I
do assert that the Senator from Massachusetts
and myself stood in this business not only as
witnesses, but also as Senators of the United
States who had advocated an inquiry, and one
