4174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
Senate had passed without amendment bills
of the House of the following titles:
' A bill (H. R. No. 837) to amend an act
entitled " An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular service of the United States,"
approved August 18, 1856;
A bill (H. JR. No. 896) to enable William
Sellers and Coleman Sellers to make applica-
tion to the Commissioner of Patents for the
extension of letters-patent for an improve-
ment in coupling for shafting;
A bill (H. R. No. 904) for the relief of
Charles P. S. Ward well;
A bill (H. R. No. 924) for the relief of
Sarah S. Trapp, executrix of William Trapp,
CIQC0£is0CI *
A bill (H. R. No. 1339) for the relief of
Chester C. Tolman ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2848) authorizing the
First National Bank of Annapolis to change
its location and name ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2861) for the relief of H.
G. Aukenny, late captain fourth Iowa cav-
alry; and
A bill (EL R. No. 2939) to remove the polit-
ical disabilities of the persons therein named.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had disagreed to the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill of the
Senate No. 508, for the relief of certain tribes
of Indians in the northern superintendency,
requested a committee of conference upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Hituhoocic of Ne-
braska, Mr. Harlan of Iowa, and Mr. Davis
of West Virginia, the conferees on the part
of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the bill of the Senate No. 984,
granting the right of way through the public
lands to the Denver and Rio Grande Railway
Company, requested a committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes qf the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Scott of
Pennsylvania, Mr. Stewart of Nevada, and
Mr. Cooper of Tennessee, the conferees on
the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed and requested the concur-
rence of the House in bills of the following
titles:
A bill (S. No. 138) for the relief of John B.
Emerson;
A bill (S. No. 240) to amend an act to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
to patents and copyrights ;
A bill {S. No. 049) for the relief of Simeon
Savage;
A bill (S. No. 1060) for the relief of Sarah
S. Stafford ;
A bill (S. No. 1143) for the relief of James
D. Willoughby, of Vinelaud, New Jersey ;
A bill (S. No. 1161) for the relief of Calista
E. Cox;
A bill (S. No. 1152) for the relief of Hiram
W. Hayden ; and
A bill (S. No. 11G4) appropriating $10,000
for a statue of General John A. Rawlins.
REMOVAL Ob' POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. YOUNG, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (li. 11. No. 2905) to remove
the disabilities of certain persons therein
named ; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, removes the dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States upon W. S. Walker, of Atlanta, Geor-
gia, and J. W. H. Underwood, of Rome,
Georgia.
Mr. HAYS. I acfr£ the gentleman from
Georgia to allow me to move to amend the bill
by adding to it the names of John V. Wright,
A. O. P. Nicholson, and James M. Quarles,
of Tennessee.
Mr. YOUNG. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I ask the
gentleman to allow me to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. YOUNG. I cannot yield for further
amendments.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
PORT OF DELIVERY AT LA CROSSE.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce reported back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, the
bill (H. R. No. 862) to create a port of delivery
at La Crosse, Wisconsin, and to provide for
the appointment of a surveyor of customs
thereat.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
_ The question was upon the passage of the
bill; and being put, there were—ayes 62, noes
15; no quorum voting.
Mr. BROOKS. I will not insist on a fur-
ther division if the gentleman will allow me
to put in an amendment providing for the
establishment of a port of entry on Mount
Washington, New Hampshire. [Laughter.]
If he will accept that amendment I will make
no further opposition to this bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
take charge of the office there? [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. I should have no objection
to it in the summer time.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Brooks and
Mr. Sawyer were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 100, noes 22.
So the bill was passed.
MllS. CATHERINE ODLAM.
Mr. GARRETT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. li. No. 2960) for the relief
of Mrs. Catherine Odlatn ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
REVISED POSTAL CODE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the followingresolution ; which
was read, and referred, under the law, to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
members of the House of Representatives thirty
thousand copies of the revised postal code.
WASHINGTON BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2901) defining the
power of the Board of Public Works of the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
C. WINFIELD SCOTT, JR.
Mr. PARKER, ofNew Hampshire, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2962) granting a pension to C. Winlield Scott,
jr., of Suffolk county, Massachusetts ; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
COMMANDER CROSMAN AND OTHERS.
Mr. POSTER, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 159) for the relief of the represent-
atives of Commander Alexander P. Crosman
and others; whieb was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
LIGHT-HOUSE AT NEW IIAVEN.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution:
liesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to include in tlie estimates for the next
fiscal year the expense of erecting a light-house
upon the southwest ledge, so called, at New Haven
harbor, Connecticut, or the removal of the existing
light-house from its present location to the said
southwest ledge.
Mr. HOLMAN. That resolution is im-
perative, and it ought to be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KELLOGG. I think the gentleman
will have no objection to the resolution if he
will listen to me for a moment. Both the
Engineer Bureau of the War Department and
the Light-House Board have reported in favor
of this change of location.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is an imperative res-
olution, and unusual in its form.
Mr. KELLOGG. As both bureaus have
reported in favor of this work, I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair seldom inter-
poses in a matter of this kind ; but he must
say that it is unusual to direct the head of a
Department by resolution to include anything
in an estimate. The estimates must be in
the Secretary's discretion.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will modify the resolu-
tion so as to leave the matter to the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. The matter is in his dis-
cretion now.
The SPEAKER. His discretion in the
matter cannot be increased by a resolution of
this kind.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well; let the reso-
lution go to the Committee on Commerce.
There being no objection, the resolution was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
HOMESTEADS FOR SOLDIERS.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2963) to enable cer-
tain soldiers to avail themselves of the benefit
of the act approved Aprd 4, 1872, granting
lands to soldiers for a homestead ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
EDUCATION OP THE BLIND.
Mr. DUELL also, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of New York, in favor of granting
aid by an appropriation of money to the board
of regents of the American Printing-House
for the Blind and the American University for
the Blind; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
Mr. PRICE. The Committee on Printing
have directed me to report back the Senate
resolution for the printing of twelve thousand
extra copies of the report of the Smithsonian
Institution for the current year. The House
amended the resolution by making the number
twenty thousand; but the Senate refused to
concur in that amendment. I am instructed
by the Committee on Printing to move that
the House recede from its amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I hope the House will not
reccde.
The SPEAKER. If there is to be debate,
the Chair cannot entertain the proposition.
The House is acting under an order made
under suspension of the rules to consider busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BEATfY. I think the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] had better agree to
the proposition to recede.
Mr. POLAND. No, sir ; I have very good
reasons for believing that the Senate will con-
cur in our amendment if we insist upon it.
JURISDICTION OP TIIE COURT OS CLAIMS.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2964) to amend the
act of February 21, 1867, entitled " An act to
declare the sense of an act entitled ' An act to
restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
and to provide for the payment of certain
demands for quartermaster stores and subsist-
