590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
the question. The debate has all been legiti-
mate and fair; and it is not exhausted. Now,
if the Senator from South Carolina undertakes
to press the bill to a vote to-morrow night, he
will find himself with a bare quorum here: at)
least he will not find the Senate as full as he
would wish it to be when the vote is taken.
"We cannot take the vote to morrow or the
next day on the amnesty bill. .
Mr. POMEROY. (to Mr. Anthony.) With-
draw your motion to adjourn over.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why?
Mr. POMBROY. So that we may take the
vote now on the question of postponing the
amnesty bill and taking up tho apportionment
bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I win do that if I can
have the privilege of renewing my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. IftheSenator
from Rhode Island withdraws his motion, the
pending question will be on the motion of the
Senator from South Carolina, to postpone the
consideration of the amnesty bill, now before
the Senate, and take up House bill No. 1050,
011 the same subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall not withdraw my
motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me inquire whether
the Senator from South Carolina can make
that motion? He can make a motion to post-
pone the pending order; and when the Senate
shall have affirmatively voted with him to post-
pone it, then it will be wiihin the province of
the Sonate to take up any question. We only
need an aflirmat ive vote to postpone, and then
if any Senator can get the floor and move to
take up the apportionment bill, he has a right
so to do. Amotion to postpone and a motion
to take up do not go together. You cannot
make them in one motion.
Mr. WILSON. Is it in order to move to
posiponu the pending question until Monday
next at one o'clock, and make it the special
order for that time, with a view to take up the
apportionment bill in the meantime?
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the pending
question—the motion to adjourn to Monday?
Mr. WILSON. 1 mean the lull.
The PRESIDING OFF1C15R. The pend-
ing question is the motion that when the Sen-
ate adjourn to-day it, be to Monday next.
Mr. WILSON. I thought that was with-
drawn.
Mr. ANTIIONY. No, sir.
Mr. WILSON. The amnesty bill is before
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of tho Senator from Rhode Island is not with-
drawn, ns 1 understand.
Mr. WILSON. I am told it is not in order
forme to make the motion I wished to make.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If the Senator had
made that motion, I would have said " let this
bill be made the special order for Monday at
one o'clock."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not hear the Sen-
ator from South Carolina.
Mr. SUMNEli. Have tho amnesty bill made
tho special order for Monday at one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the Senator from
South Carolina willing to do that, and let am-
nesty go over to Monday at one o'clock ? I
think we might as well do it in the temper of
the Senate, although I am as anxious as he is
to dispose of the amnesty bill. If, however,
the Senator from South Carolina will consent
to allow the amnesty bill to go over until Mon-
day, to be made the special order for one
o'clock that day, I will then ask the Senate
to take tip the apportionment bill and proceed
with it to-morrow, and see if we cannot get
through with it to-morrow. I do not think
there will be any great debate on the appor-
tionment bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will consent to that
arrangement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I hope the Senate,
by general consent, will let the amnesty bill
be made the special order for Monday at one
o'clock, and when that is done, I will move to
take up the apportionment bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. If the honorable
Senator from South Carolina will permit me,
I will make one suggestion to him. If he wants
to get bis amnesty bill acted upon at all, he
must not consent to its being suspended one
moment, according to my judgement; he must
press it now, aud until the Senate finally act
upon it. He sees that it is the purpose of many
Senators on the opposite side of the House to
defeat that bill by any mode of tactics that
they can adopt. I therefore think that if the
Senate is disposed to pass the bill, the proper
and politic temper in which the Senator from
South Carolina ought to press it, is to press it
unceasingly until the Senate is brought to act
finally on the subject. He will save time by
it; be will have quite as certain a mode of
passing the bill in that way as any other, and
it is certainly, according to my experience of
proceedings in the Senate, an economy of
time when the Senate takes up a subject to
act upon it until they finally dispose of it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I assure my honorable
friend from Kentucky that there are several
Senators who are absent, or will be absent
to-morrow, who would like to vote for the
amnesty bill, and who will be here on Monday
or Tuesday next. That is the reason I consent
to the postponement until Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand, then, the
Senator from South Carolina withdraws his
motion to postpone, in order to take up another
bill, and will now move to postpone the am-
nesty bill until Monday at one o'clock, and
make it the special order. Is that the motion ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will consent to that,
provided there bo no objection to making the
amnesty bill the special order for Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator does not
make that motion, I make it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it must be done,
if at all, by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be done by unan-
imous consent-
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give notice
that, if the Senate is not inclined to dispose of
the amnesty bill—and the Senate is evidently
not, disposed to sit it out—other business will
be brought forward. It seems to me that the
debate on amnesty has already exhausted
itself. Other business will intervene, and there
will be a constant struggle for the floor. I
think the bill represented by the Senator from
Illinois ought to be passed to-morrow, but I
believe that if the amnesty bill is laid aside
now it will be some time before it will be
reached again.
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. If we could, by unaj-
imous consent, make it the special order for
one o'clock on Monday, 1 think the Senate
would stand by that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
made a special order by a two-thirds vote of
the Senate. The bill now being before the
Senate, the Senate, by a two thirds vote, can
make it a special order for Monday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does anybody object
to that? I do not hear any objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. The effect of it is what
I referred to, that it will be crowded aside by
unfinished business, and a special order is of
no account in the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is worth
something.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very little.
Mr, MORTON. It is very important for
many considerations that the apportionment
bill shall be passed within the next three or
four days. 1 apprehend that it will require
more time to pass that bill than the Senator
from Illinois seems to think will be required.
The immediate passage of that bill is import-
ant. There is other business the dispatch of
which is practically important. There is no
practical importance in the immediate passage
of an amnesty bill. Whether it, is passed now,
or ten days, or twenty days hence can make
but very little difference. It is a matter of
sentiment and of ambition more than anything
else. There is but very little practical import-
ance in the passage of the amnesty bill next
week or twenty days hence. It will be dis-
posed of during the session ; there is no doubt
about that. Why should it be so pertinaciously
pressed against everything else, as if it was
more important than everything else to the
country that the disabilities of men who have
been engaged in the rebellion shall be relieved ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I consider this bill
all-important to a great portion of my constit-
uents, and there are a great many men down
there who are now prepared to hold office.
I have their letters to-day, and I will say, if
that be any evidence of their loyalty to the
Government, that some of them were elected
to office by a Radical Legislature. Then-
demands are pressing on me to get their dis-
abilities removed. So it is in the State of
Mississippi; there are numbers of State offi-
cers who cannot qualify. I call on the Sena-
tors who are the friends of amnesty to standby
the bill. If there be no disposition to adjourn
over until Monday, let us sit it out to-morrow
or next day.
My friend from Ohio intimates that I am
not disposed to press the bill. I am willing
to sit it out to-night; 1 am willing never to
leave the Senate Chamber until the matter is
disposed of. If it cannot be agreed on by
unanimous consent to take up the bill at one
o'clock on Monday, I ask Senators to sit it
out to-night. But I ask unanimous consent
that the bill be laid aside until Monday at one
o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand
that there is any objection to granting unan-
imous consent to make the amnesty bill the
special order for one o'clock on Monday, and
to take up the apportionment bill in the mean
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina asks unanimous consent
that the amnesty bill be postponed and made
the special order for Monday'at one o'clock.
Is there objection?
Mr. HILL rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Georgia object?
Mr. HILL. To this extent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island, that when the Senate adjourns
to day it be to Monday next.
Mr. HILL. I do not make objection, but I
ask leave to make a suggestion by way of
amendment to the proposition; and that is,
that the vote shall not be taken until Tuesday,
because it is known that there will be several
Senators here on that day who cannot be here
on Monday. I wish the bill taken up on Mon-
day, but I do not, as a friend of the bill, desire
the vote to be taken until Tuesday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia does not object to the bill being
postponed and made the special order for
Monday at one o'clock, but he desires it
coupled with the condition that the final vote
shall not be taken until Tuesday. Is theie
objection to the proposition in that shape?
["No!" "No!"] TheChair hears no objec
tion ; and it is therefore ordered that the am-
nesty bill, with the pending amendment, ho
postponed until Monday next at one o'clock,
and that the final vote upon the bill shall not
be taken until Tuesday.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. TRUMBULL.
Not before Tuesday?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not before
Tuesday.
proposed adjournment to monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island has not yet yielded his
motion, that when the Senate adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday.
