3278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
million of people upon the game day shall
meet together under tho law for the purpose
of determining the choice of a general admin-
istration for four years to come. At least, it
should be a grand spectacle ; and it must be a
grand spectacle if our institutions are left to
tluir natural, ordinary workings, if the hand
of an armed power is not thrust in to derange
the movements and healthy action of such an
election. For that reason also, that I do not
wish to establish a precedent for marring the
effect, of so great a spectacle to the world as
that which 1 have just suggested, I shall regret
the passage of this bill.
That it will be a precedent I have no doubt.
The same reason which exists for changing
the day of the presidential election to the
same day-with the State election in Louisiana,
exists in the State of the Senator from Indi-
ana. His Slate election comes before the day
of the election for President; and if any po-
litical exigency shall arise now or hereafter,
any party necessity with relerence to the result
of the election, what argument can be given
fur the change in Louisiana which will not
apply with equal force m Indiana?
It is said that the expense of two elections
will be very great, and that argument has
been heard here in this Senate from the
mouths of Senators who constructed a system
of elections in tho South under which the
monstrous spectacle was presented to the
world of elections kept open lor the period of
twelve to fifteen, and in one ease twenty-one
days I Therefore, sir, the question of expense
is not the controlling question. There is some
other, and that will be found, it seems to me,
in the suggestions which 1 have thrown out.
It is one more step toward a general con-
gressional, forcible control of the State elec-
tions. So long as the State election was kept
apait from your presidential election, or from
your elections for members of Congress, there
was some Ireedom, some time at least once in
the year for the people of the United States
lo be tree in casting their suffrages. This
Louisiana bill marks a new stage in the
scheme. It marks a precedent established by
Congress for .shifting the day of election for
presuleniial eleclots to the day for the State
election whenever it suits apuipose, whenever
it is necessary to accomplish a partisan re-
sult; and upon our table now, to be called up
directly after this lull, is another bill which
points in the same direction of congressional
interference, of congressional control, of con-
gressional power exercised from beginning to
end over State registrations, over State elec-
tions, ever that whole system for which our
institutions, State and national, were made to
rest upon the voles of the citizens.
for these reasons I shall vote against this
hill. _ As I said, I presume its passage is fore-
ordained. I shall at least have the satisfac-
tion of knowing that by my voice and by my
vote I have placed mysilf on record against, a
most mischievous and dangerous piecedeiit.
Mr. BAYA1UJ. Mr. President, like my
friend front California I have very little idea'
that I shall atl'eet the vote of the Senate by
presenting any objections to the bill. At the
same time 1 think it is my duty to make known
the objections which I enteitain to it.
The constitution and laws of the State of
Louisiana fix the first Monday in November as
the day for holding their elections. The gen-
eral law of the United States, passed by Con-
gress in 1845, under the first section of the
second article of the Constitution, fixes the
Tuesday nextalter the first Monday in Novem-
ber as the time for choosing presidential elect-
ors. The only authority that the Congress
of the United States have over elections by
the people of the States is expressly defined by
the Constitution. The only legitimate con-
trol delegated to Congress over the elections
for Senators and Representatives is to be found
in the first article, section four:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-i.
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislatures thereof;
but the Congress may at any time by law make or
alter such regulations, except as to tho places of
choosing Senators."
The present bill touches the election of
Representatives to the Forty-Third Congress.
If it stopped there, I cannot doubt that there
is constitutional power in Congress to fix the
times of holding elections of Senators and
Representatives under the clause of the Con-
stitution which I have just read; that is to say,
Congress can make regulations or alter the
regulations of the States in all respects except
as to place. But the present bill provides fur-
ther for the fixing a day for the appointment
of electors—a phrase that I submit to the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana who has the bill
in charge is not the language of the Constitu-
tion. The words of the bill are "appoint-
ment of electors." The Constitution terms
the process "choosing electors." The pres-
ent bill, however, embraces the appointment
or the choice of electors for President and
Vice Piesidenf. Now, what power has Con-
gress over that? None but what is found iu
the third clause of the first section of the sec-
ond article, which provides:
"The Congress may determine tho time of choos-
ing the electors and tho day on which they shall
givo their votes, which day shall be tho same
throughout the United States."
What does that mean ? Congress has acted
upon it. On the 23d of January, 1845, the
Congress of the United States, following the
power given them by the Constitution, fixed
the Tuesday next after the first Monday in
November as the day for choosing electors,
and that is the law for all of the United
States.
Mr. MOLiTON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt, him ? The Senator criticised the
language of the bill, and said it used the
word "appointment" instead of the word
"choosing," in speaking of the , election of
presidential electors. I refer the Senator to
the fact that the statute of the United States
in reference to the electors uses the word
" appointment
" That, except in case of an olection of President
and Vice President of tho United States prior to tie;
ordmniy period, as hereinafior spceilicd, doctors
shall tie ftppmnti'd in each State for Ihe election of
President anil Vice President of tho United States."
This simply follows the language of the
statute.
Mr. BAYARD. Perhaps it may be ; but I
was under the impression that iti the State of
Louisiana there would be more appointment
by some parties than there would be choice by
the people, and therefore it was that the word
struck my eye more impre sively.
Nevertheless, Mr. President, here Was the
power and the only power given to the Congress
of the United States in respect to the question
ofchoosing or appointing electors for President
and Vice President; and what was it? That
you should determine the time of choosing
them, and the day on which they should give
their votes. Congress did determine that tune,
and by the subsequent language of the same
clause that gave them the power to fix the
time, they were compelled to make that time
the same throughout the United States. When
you look at the particularity ofthe law of 1845,
providing that the choice of electors shall occur
on the Tuesday next after the first Monday of
November, if you can change it so as to make
it in the State of Louisiana, or any other State,
the day previous, yon can make it the year
previous or the month previous, and you are
unfettered as to the time at which this choice
of electors shall be regulated by Congress
under the power given them by the Constitu-
tion.
But this proposed act does not undertake
only to assume a power which is not delegated
to Congress by providing that the appointment
or choice of electors for President or Vice
President in the State of Louisiana shall be on
a day different from that fixed for the choice..
elsewhere ; it does not only go to th&t extent
which to my mind is utterly unwarranted, but
it goes further, and in the same law it fixes two
dates for the election.. It says by law first it
shall be on the first Monday of November in
1872, aud after that it shall be on the Tuesday
after the first Monday. It does not fix the
time, but it fixes times ; it is making a distri-
bution of dates, and if Congress have this pftwer
it would be equally competent for them to ex-
ercise it by saying that it shall be held upon
Monday in 1872, upon Tuesday in 1873, upon
Wednesday in 1874, and so on, according to
the caprice of Congress, or according to what
may be supposed to be the exigencies of party.
The election laws of Louisiana have been
considered here, and I do not care to go into
an examination of them. I cannot speak of
them with respect,' for I believe, after having
read and examined them, that the election
laws of the State of Louisiana were conceived
for the purpose ofprocuring a traudulentdecla-
ration of election; and that that has been fol-
lowed out, and that it is almost essentially the
result of the preseutframe of those laws, I can-
notdoubt. But thatisnotthe question now. It
is whether the Congress of the United State3
have the power to appoint different dates for
the choice of electors in the different States.
To say that they have, seems to me the clearest
assumption of power not delegated by the Con-
stitution, and on the contrary a direct violation
of the power that is given, and which alone can
rightfully be exercised.
The Senator from Indiana a day or two ago
found fault with a careless phrase of mine, in
which I spoke of the disposition of Congress
to "rope in" the State elections and put
them under Federal control. Well, sir, it was
not a very elegant phrase, perhaps not very
senatorial: but it was true, and it was good
English. This bill is not simply to avoid the
effect of calling on the man who has cast his
vote at the State election on Monday to go
over to repeat the process by voting for elect-
ors of President and Vice President on the day
following, for that trouble is very slight to a man
who values the privilege ; and as we are told it
can but occur on this single occasion, it is not
the expense, for that is after all a very slight
matter. But both the inconvenience that a man
shall walk to the polls on two consecutive days
for the purpose of casting his vote at totally in-
dependent elections, and the expense, forsooth,
of having the election officers paid for two
days hand-running are to be weighed against
a deliberate grasp of unwaiTantrd powei' by
Congress, and to my mind a clear breach of
the Constitution of the United States. No,
sir ; the Senate will notice and the country
will notice that this bill will prove to be but
part of a system ; it is but one feature of the
plan marked out.
Congress are to fix a time for holding the
election in Louisiana on a different day from
that on which it is held in other States, &
thing that they have no right to do, as I have
tried to show, and that will have the effect to
bring the State elections and the election for
electors of President and Vicc President on
the same day, and it will subject the election
to the supervision and control of the same
machinery which has been provided by Con-
gress under the pretext of power of controlling
the manner of election; and I expect to-day
to be compelled to discuss in the Senate this
question as to what was meant by the delega-
tion of the power to control the manner of
election in regard to Representatives.
The object of this bill is to bring the people
of Louisiana in the performance of their rights
as citizens of that State at an election held for
State purposes under the strong arm of the
Federal Executive, of his appointees, of the
military power that has been called in hereto-
fore, and is intended now only to be intensified
for the purpose of controlling elections of
members of Congress and of electors for Pres-
. ident and Vice President. That is the object*
