1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
objection, the bill will be considered as before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole ; but
if Senators rise with morning business, it can-
not be considered.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection. Let
the Senator get up his bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1534) to authorize
the construction of a fire-proof building at
Albany, New York. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause to be constructed a
fire-proof building at Albany, New York, on
a central and suitable site, to be donated to
the United States by the city or citizens of
Albany, suitable for the accommodation of
the custom-house, post office, United States
circuit and district courts, and internal reve-
nue offices in that city, at a cost not exceed-
ing the sum of $350,000; and before com-
mencing work on that building he is to cause
plans and estimates to be made therefor, so
that no expenditure shall be made or author-
ized therefor exceeding the sum appropri-
ated ; the building to be constructed under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury;
but no money which may be hereafter appropri-
ated for this purpose is to be used or applied to
the erection of the building until a valid title to
the site thereof shall be vested in the United
States, and until the State of New York shall
cede its jurisdiction over it, and shall also duly
release and relinquish to the United States
the right to tax or in any way assess the site
and the property of the United States that
may be thereon during the time that the
United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
public building at st. louis.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the Senate to indulge
me in taking up a similar bill for the city of
St. Louis. It is House bill No. 619.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 619) appropriating
money for the purchase of a suitable site, and
erecting a building thereon, in the city of St.
Louis, Missouri, to be used for the purposes
of a custom-house, post office, and other Fed-
eral offices. The bill proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to purchase, at a
private sale, or by condemnation in pursuance
of the statutes of the State of Missouri, a suit-
able lot in the city of St. Louis, for the pur-
pose of erecting thereon a building, to be used
for the purposes of a custom-house, post office,
United States court, and other Federal offices,
and appropriates the sum of $250,000, or so
much thereof as may be found necessary for the
purchase of the lot; and the sum of $300,000
heretofore appropriated by an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1871, and for other purposes,"
and extended by an act entitled "An act making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the civil service of the year
ending June 30,1871, and for additional appro-
priations for the service of the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes," ap-
proved April 20, 1871, is to be applied toward
the erection of the building. The Secretary
of the Treasury is to cause proper plans and
estimates to be made; but no expenditure is
to be made or authorized for the construction
of the building until a valid title to the land
for the site of the building shall be vested in
the United States, and until the Slate of Mis-
souri shall cede its jurisdiction over the site,
and shall also duly release and relinquish to
the United States the right to tax or in any
way assess the site, or the property of the
United States that maybe thereon, during the
time that the United States shall be or remain
the owner thereof; but no expenditure is to
be made or authorized for the full completion
of the building exceeding $2,000,000. AH acts
conflicting with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with amendments,
which were, in line thirty-five, after the word
"authorized," to insert the words "for the
site exceeding $500,000, nor ;" in line thirty-
seven, after the word " building," to insert
the words " and site;" and in the same line,
after the word " million," to insert the words
"two hundred and fifty thousand;" so that
the proviso will read:
Provided, That no expenditure shall be made or
authorized for the site exceeding $500,000, nor for
the full completion of said building andsite exceed-
ing $2,250,000.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurrcd
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed, and the bill read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
public building at hartford.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I desire to make
the same request in regard to House bill No.
1539, for the erection of a public building at
Hartford, Connecticut.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will merely
say that the building at Hartford is said by the
Department to be of the most pressing neces-
sity of any building recommended by the vari-
ous Executive Departments.
Mr. COLE. I do not rise to object. I have
objected several times to these bills. The
Senate has once overruled me, and I shall not
object again. But before we go much further
in this direction, as these bills are making
a very considerable encroachment upon the
the Treasury, I should like to know from the
chairman of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds how large a list of these
appropriations may be expected, because they
are likely now all to go through.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations that wc have not finally discussed the
question, but so far as I can judge from any
indications in the committee we have got about
to the end of all we propose to do at the
present session.
Mr. COLE. That is a very acceptable
report, I think, to the Senate and the country.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope the Senate
will take up and act upon this bill at this time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1539) to provide for
a building for the use of the post office, cus-
tom-house, pension office, United States cir-
cuit and district courts, aud internal revenue
offices at Hartford, Connecticut. The bill
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to cause
to be constructed a suitable building, lire-
proof, at Hartford, Connecticut, for the ac-
commodation of the custom-house, post office,
pension office, United States circuit and dis-
trict courts, and internal revenue offices, at
a cost not exceeding $300,000; the build-
ing to be constructed under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, who is to
cause proper plans and estimates to be made,
so that no expenditure shall be made or
authorized for the full completion of the
building beyond the sum of $300,000; but
no money which may hereafter be appropri-
ated is to be used or expended for the pur-
pose mentioned until a valid title to the
land for the site of such building, which it
is understood the city of Hartford proposes
to donate, shall be vested in the United
States, nor until the State of Connecticut
shall cede its jurisdiction over the same, and
also duly release and relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or in any way assess
the site, or the property of the United States
that may be thereon during the time that the
United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with an amend-
ment in line five, to strike out the word " fire-
proof," and in lines nine and ten to insert
the words " with a fire-proof vault extending
to each story."
The amendment was agreed to;
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
public building at little rock.
Mr. RICE. I ask a simular indulgence
for Senate bill No. 382.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas asks a simular indulgence in regard
to the bill providing for a public building at
Little Rock. The Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Spencer] has risen with morning busi-
ness apparently.
Mr. RICE. I hope the Senator will allow
this bill to go through. It is simular to those
just passed, and has been reported from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. SPENCER. If it does not take any
time I will yield.
Mr. RICE. It will not take any time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 382) to provide for a
building for the use of the Federal courts,
post office, internal revenue, and other civil
offices in the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.
The Secretary of the Treasury is directed by
the bill to purchase a site for, and cause to be
constructed, a suitable building, fire-proof, at
the city of Little Rock, for the accommodation
of the United States circuit and district courts,
post office, internal revenue, and other Gov-
ernment offices; and for this purpose it appro-
priates $250,000, to be expended under*the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, who
is to cause proper plans and estimates to be
made, so that no expenditure shall be made
or authorized for the full completion of the
building and payment for the site beyond the
amount appropriated.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in line five, to
strike out the words "fire-proof" and insert
" with a fire-proof vault extending to each
story."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line3 ten and
eleven, to reduce the appropriation from
$250,000 to $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
public building at raleigh.
Mr. POOL. I ask a similar indulgence for
Senate bill No. 467, providing for the erection
of a public building in Raleigh, North Caro-
lina.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that •
has not been reported.
Mr. POOL. It has been reported favor-
ably.
The VICE PRESIDENT- It was reported
on the 4th of March with amendments.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 467) to provide for the
erection of a building suitable for the use of
the United States courts, post office, and other
necessary Government offices at Raleigh, North
Carolina. It directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause to be erected a suitable building
at Raleigh, in the State of North Carolina, for
the use and accommodation of the courts of
