1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3279
Mr. KELLOGG. I understand my friend
to say that the object of the bill is to bring
tinder the operation of the Federal law the
choosin" or election of members of Congress?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will inform my friend
that the members of Congress are now chosen
by law upon Monday in Louisiana.
Mr. BAYARD. I said " members of Con-
gress" because up to this time I have heard no
pretext for Congress interfering in any other
election than that for electors of President and
Vice President and for Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress.
Mr. KELLOGG. That may be; but that
is not "the pretext" of this bill.
Mr. BAYARD. lam not saying what the
pretext is; but the honorable Senator from
Indiana admitted pretty much what his object
was, to have both elections on the same day
so that the same machinery which gives to-day
the Federal power an inflnence that never was
intended by the framers of this Government it
should possess to control and affect the free
elections in the different States, may operate
equally upon the choice of State officials and
upon that of electors for President and Vice
President as upon the election of members of
Congress. That is the object.
Mr. KELLOGG. It does operate now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Delaware will indulge me one moment, I beg
leave to remind him that the Constitution is
express that the electors of President and Vice
President shall be chosen according to State
regulations. Although the Senator from Louis-
iana reiterates that the congressional law now
operates upon the election of Congressmen, it
cannot operate on the election of electors of
President and Vice President, because the Con-
stitution of the United States has said in refer-
ence to them that they shall be appointed in
such manner as the States shall direct, and
the only possible thing Congress can do is to
fix the time when the electors are to be
chosen.
Mr. KELLOGG. That is all the bill pro-
fesses to do. The law of Congress that the
Senator has reference to applies to the election
of Representatives to Congress, and not to the
choosing of electors ; but by the statute of
Louisiana now, Representatives to Congress
are chosen upon the day that the State officers
are chosen, the first Monday in November.
Consequently the law applies and can be used
in reference to the election of State officers in
Louisiana, because it applies to the choosing
of Representatives to Congress who are elected
at the same lime.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the point is this:
the Senator from Indiana admitted when this
matter was up before that one object in putting
the day of the election of electors in Louisiana
On the same day with the election of members
ot Congress, was to bring the election of elect-
ors, (with which Congress has no right to in-
terfere,) under the supervision of an act of
Congress.
Mr. KELLOGG. I most respectfully trav-
erse the allegation of the Senator from i llinois,
and I appeal to the record. The Senator from
Indiana said, as an additional reason, that it
would extend protection around the election,
to have the time of choosing electors on Mon-
day, and it would insure peace and tranquillity
in the State of Louisiana, and I would like to
know if the Senator from Illinois objects to
that. Does be want violence?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do object to the Con-
gress of the United States attempting in any
Way whatever to interfere with the election of
electors of President and Vice President, and
I say it is an unconstitutional act if jou at-
tempt to do it, and I say to the Senator from
Louisiana, that so far from having a fair elec-
tion it will result in having an election under
the control of the bayonet and under the con-
trol of officers who have 110 business to inter-
fere with it. I want a fair election by a free
people and not an election controlled by the
Congress of the United States or a law of the
Congress of the United States in defiance of
the Constitution.
Mr. KELLOGG. And I assert with the
same emphasis that there is nothing in this
bill that contemplates thej ontrol by Federal in-
terference with thechoosTng of electors; neither
is there anything in it to in any manner con-
travene or interfere with the right of the State
of Louisiana, already asserted upon her stat-
ute-book, to determine the manner of choos-
ing the electors. The only point is that just
what the clause of the Constitution gives to
Congress the right to do is implied in this bill,
namely, to designate the time of choosing the
electors—nothing eise.
The Senator said the other day, and he takes
occasion now to reiterate in the face of the
fact that the bill itself does not pretend to give
any such authority, that the object of this bill
is to give to the Federal officers a right to inter-
fere with the manner of choosing electors.
Not at all, sir. The bill is based upon the
clear constitutional right we have by the ex-
press provision of the Constitution to determ-
ine the time of choosing the electors. The
State statute is upon my desk which determ-
ines the manner, which determines and points
out in detail all the appliances by which the
votes are to be deposited and are to be counted
and the returns made, and there is nothing in
the bill that contemplates anything other than
designating the time of choosing the electors.
Mr. BAYARD. There is no doubt about
the question suggested by the Senator from
Illinois. The Constitution provides that "each
State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of
electors," &c. That is the whole control of it;
there is 110 power of regulation in the Congress
over that subject. The manner of choosing
electors is left to the provision made in each
State by the Legislature thereof. I do not pro-
pose to waste the time of the Senate by reit-
erating the argument on this point. The sole
power given to Congress in reference to the
choice of electors is that "Congress may de-
termine the time of choosing the electors, and
the day on which they shall give their votes,
which day shall be the same throughout the
United States." Congress has by law acted
under that grant of power. Since 1845 it litis
appointed the Tuesday next after the first
Monday in November tor this purpose. That
is the law to-day for all the States of the
Union, and that is your law made in direct
pursuance of the power delegated to Congress;
but now it is proposed for some reason, which
was suggested by the Senator froni Indiana,
and I think is plainly perceivable by any
man of ordinary intelligence, to say that Louis-
iana shall choose her electors on one day,
and the other thirty-six Slates shall choose
them on another day. If that be within the
power of Congress, I do not understand the
Constitution.
Mr. CARPENTER. There are times, Mr.
President, when the human system is more
subject than at others to particular diseases.
That is as true of the mind as it is of the body.
We are now just entering into a season of
this year when the tendency of every mind is
to run everything into a political discussion.
Here is a bill doing what? Simply provid-
ing that the people of Louisiana shall uot be
subjected to the expense of holding two elec-
tions on two consccutsve days, when they can
just as well be held on the same day. That i3
all. The power of Congress to fix the d;iy
upon which the election of presidential elect-
ors shall be held cannot be contested, for 11 is
given by the words of the Constitution. Now
that is all there is about the bill, and jet such
is the tendency 011 the part of all men at this
particular junctuie of affairs to run everything
into political discussion that 1 do not believe
we could pass a bill hert; locating a jail 111 the
District of Columbia wiihont its being asserted
by one half of this Chamber that there teas a
deep design on the part of the President of
the United States to imprison the whole Dem-
ocratic party in it. [Laughter.]
Why, sir, this question coming up last year
would not have detained the Senate one mo-
ment. The plain commoti sense of the incon-
venience to which the people of that State are
to be subjected would have settled the question
in a moment. It is only because we have had
a convention at Cincinnati, and are to have
another at Philadelphia and another at Baltic
more, that this bill has any importance what-
ever. Now I propose to vote on it just as I
should have voted last year. The equity, the
justice, the convenience of the thing, determ-
ine me to vote for the bill, and that is all I
know about it.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, in most of
the States the election of electors of President
and Vice President, and the election of State
officers and members of Congress take place
on the same day ; I believe in the State of
Delaware, in the State of Illinois, and in fact,
in all the States except four or five in the
Northwest. Now, this bill, if it is passed, will
put the State of Louisiana in the same con-
dition precisely that Illinois and Delaware and
nearly all the other States are in ; that is to
say, that the election of members of Congress
and of electors of President and Vice Pres-
ident shall be held on the same day.
Mr. BAYARD. They are by their own
motion, however, in those States.
Mr. MO ItTON. Can there be any bugbear
made out of this thing because it is proposed
now that the election in Louisiana for Pres-
ident and for members of Congress and for
State officers shall be held just as it is in Del-
aware, on the same day? That is all there is
of it. That it shall be held the day before it
is held in other States, amounts to nothing,
will have no influence, cannot be to the bene-
fit of either party. If the State could change
the time of holding the election, from Mon-
day to Tuesday, it would be better for it to
have done so; but it cannot do so without a
change in its constitution, which is a work of
time ; but it is very easy for Congress to pro-
vide that the presidential election shall take
place just one day sooner, and have in Louis-
iana one day's election instead of two days, as
is the case in the other States. Now, this is ail
attempt to make something out of nothing.
The other day in a little discussion that took
place on this bill the Senator from Delaware
chose to impugn my motives and chose to arraign
the course that I have pursued on this floor.
I might have retorted in kind, but I can call
the Senate to bear witness that 1 have never
yet impugned the personal motives of a Sen-
ator, and my political discussions off this floor
as well as on it have been of the same char-
acter. I have dealt with parlies, but I have
never dealt with the personal motives of my
political opponents. I have generally given
to them the same credit for patriotism that I
have claimed for myself.
The Senator says I seek to convert every-
thing to party purposes. W hen I see that a
tiling lias a political bearing I am at liberty to
mention it, but I think I might appeal to the
Senate to say that the Senator himself never
allows any occasion to pass unimprovod in
which something can be said lor the Dem-
ociatic party ; and he has upon this very oc-
casion arraigned the motives of those who
advocate this bill, and the motives of thepaity
in the majority, and says this is apart of a sys-
tem by which the rights of the States are to
be subverted and the elections are to be con-
trolled by Federal authority. I might retort
upon the Senator wilhquiteas much propriety
as he lias made these charges against me ; but
I c-m afford to let them pass.
Now, Mr. President, does it need any argu-
ment to show that theiv would be great pro-
priety in having one day's election in Louisiana
instead of having two, both in regard to the
