1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2B83
thirty feet above low-water mark, and not less than
ten feet above extreme hifrh-wuter mark, measur-
ing to the bottom choid of the bridge, and the piers
ot said bridge shall be parallel with the current of
the river: And prooided aho, That said draw shall
be opened ptomptly, upon reasonable signal, for the
passage of boats whose construction shall not be
bueh as to admit of their passage under the perma-
nent spans of said bridge, except when trains are
passing over the same: but in no case shall unneces-
sary delay occur m opening the said draw during or
after the passage ot trains: And provided further,
That the corporation building said bridge may, if
not unauthorized by the provisions of its charter of
incorporation, enter upon the banks ot said river,
either above or below the point of the location of
said bridge, for a distance of seven miles, and erect
a-rid maintain breakwaters, or use such other means
hs limy be necessary to make a channel for said
river, and confine the flow of the water to a perma-
nent channel, and to dp whatever may be necessary
to accomplish said object, but shall not impede or
obfttiuct the navigation of the said river: and all
plans for such woiks or erections upon the banks of
the liver shall iirst be submitted to the Secretary of
"War for his approval.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THUKMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Nebraska if this bill has been
reported from the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. It is reported from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. THUKMAN. 1 should like to ask
further whether it contains a provision that
the location and plan of the bridge shall be
approved by the United States engineers'/
Mr. HITCHCOCK. It is to be approved
by the Secretary of War.
Mr. THUKMAN. That is the same thing.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. _ On page 3. section
three, in the second line from the bottom
of the page, the word "thiee" should be
stricken out and "two" inserted. It is a
mistake, as the chairman of the committee
will state.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is evidently a misprint.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill is for
a bridge across the Missouri river, and it reads
u nor shall the spans of said bridge be less than
three hundred and fifty feet in length." The
Senator from Minnesota states that this is a
misprint, and that the committee reported
' 'two hundred and fifty feet." It will be so
amended if there be no objection.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads was to strike out
the fourth section of the bill in the following
words:
That the said Nebraska City Bridge Company may
execute a mortgage and issue bonds, principal and
interest, at such time and nt such place as the di-
rectors of said company shall direct; and their bridge
across the Missouri river and approaches thereto,
when constructed, shall be a post road to carry the
mails ot the United States, and enjoy the rights
and piivileges of other post roads.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That any bridge constructed under this act and
according to its limitstions, shall be a lawful struc-
ture, and shall be known and recognized as a post
route, upon which, also, no higher charge shall be
made for the transmission over the same of the mails,
the troops, and the munitions of war of the United
States than the rate per mile paid for their trans-
portation over the railroads or public highways lead-
ing to the said bridge.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fifth section of the bill in the following words :
Sec. 5. That the said Nebraska City Bridge Com-
pany may hold their meetings in either the State
of Nebraska or the State of Iowa, as the boardof
directors may elect, and the directors may be citi-
zens of the United States; and that said corporation
may «ueor be sued in any circuit or district court 01
the United States or State court, to be held in the
district or county in which said bridge is located or
touches, except the cause ol action shall arise tnmi
aliened obstruction to the free navigation ql said
liver, which causes of action shall be tried in the
district court of the United States as herinbefore
provided for.
And to insert in iiea thereof the following:
That all railway companies desiring to use the
said bridge shall have and be entitled to equal righ ts
and privileges m the passage of the same, and in the
u<e of the machinery and fixtures thereof, and of all
the approaches thereto, under and upon such terms
11 lid conditions as shall be pi escribed by the Secre-
tary of War, upon bearing the allegations and proofs
of the parties in case they shall not agree.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thueman] will see in the next
amendment what he was asking in regard to,
and he can observe whether the phraseology
is satisfactory.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Koads, which was to add as ap additional sec-
tion the following:
Sisc. 6. That the plan and specifications, with the
necessary drawings of said bridge, shall be submit-
ted to the Secretary of War for his approval, and
until he approve the plan and location of said bridge
it shall not be built or commenced ; and should any
change he made in the plan of said bridge, during
the progress of the work thereon, such change shall
be subject to the approval of the Secretary of "War;
a.nd all changes in the construction of said bridge
that may be directed by Congress shall be made at
the cost and expense of the owners thereof.
_ Mr. THURMAN. That is the usual pro-
vision, and I think it is very well drawn.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as an addi-
tional section the following:
Sec. 7 That the right to alter or amend this act,
so as to prevent or remove all material obstructions
to the navigation of said river by the construction
of bridges, is hereby expressly reserved.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish the Secretary to
read the provision in reference to the jurisdic-
tion of the Federal courts in the first section.
1 think that the causes may be heard in any
district in which the bridge touches.
The Chief Clerk read the concluding clause
of the first section in the following words :
And in case of any litigation arising from any
obstruction, or alleged obstruction, to tho free navi-
gation of said river, the cause may be tried before
the circuit court of the United States of any State
in which any portion of said obstruction or bridge
touches.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that that is
not very plain and intelligible phraseology,
and I propose to modify it in this way  
Mr. RAMSEY. Ithas been heretofore "the
district court" usually. This is probably a
misprint.
Mr. CONKLING. My recollection is that
it has been the district court, and I think it
should be now. However, my suggestion at
this moment is different; I suggest the inser-
tion of the words, "the circuit court of the
United States iu or opposite to which any por-
tion of said obstruction or said bridge may
be." There is something wrong in this phrase-
ology, "in which any portion of said obstruc-
tion or bridge touches."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor suggest a change as to the district court
also ?
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend first
in line twenty-two, by adding, after the word
"in," the words " or opposite to;" so as to
read "in any State in or opposite to which
any portion of said obstruction or bridge;''
and then I move to strike out the word
" touches" and inseit the words ■' may be."
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator, is not every portion of the territory
of the United States within the jurisdiction of
some district or circuit court?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. For instance, the bound-
ary line between Iowa and Wisconsin is prob-
ably in the thread of the river somewhere.
Mr. CONKLING. That may be so.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1'heu where is the necessity
of saying " opposite to? " I think that will
only complicate the matter.
Mr. CONKLING. I think not. I think
when you say " auy State in which any portion
of said obstruction or bridge touches," you
have words which in the first place are very
awkward, and, in the next place, there might
be a good deal of doubt about what they mean.
It might not touch any State; it might be in
the center. There might be a great many
questions about it
UITCHI'n
Mr. HITCHCOCK,
the amendment.
I have no objection to
Mr. CONKLING. These words I, think,
make it entirely plain, that the case may be
heard in the court held in any State in which,
or opposite to which, this obstruction may be.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why not say "in which?"
Why the alternative ? Is not one sufficient ?
Why not in the district court?
Mr. CONKLING. It will be in the district
court. However, I do not care so much about
the words " opposite to which," as I do about
these other words. When you say " in which
auy portion of said obstruction or bridge
touches," Ido not understand what that means,
and I am afraid a great many people will not
understand it.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I am willing to accept
the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Therefore my proposi-
tion is to say "any State in or opposite to
which any portion of said obstruction or bridge
may be." If the Senator objects to the words
"opposite to" I will strike those words out,
and then I think it ought to be the district
court.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think it ought to be the
district court. All the other bills read in
that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be so amended.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Wis-
consin on my right, [Mr. Howe,] suggests to
use the words "any district or circuit court
of the United States," putting it in the alterna-
tive. There can be no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Nebraska does not object, and no divis
ion is demanded, that amendment will be
regarded as agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest that a" better
word than "opposite" would be "next;"
"in or next to which," because the inten-
tion evidently is that as a district immediately
adjoining the district in which the alleged ob-
struction is may be equally interested in the
removal of it, the circuit court in that district
also should have the same jurisdiction. 1
think "next" would be a better word than
"opposite." Still I do not care anything
about it.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no choicc about
it. I submit to the Senate, however, that
when you speak of an obstruction in a navi-
gable stream in or opposite to a certain State,
there can be no doubt what that would mean.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California does not move an amendment,
the bill will be reported to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no wish ever to
object to anything which the Senator from
Nebraska desires. I inquire, however, whether
this bili contains the various provisions sent
here from the engineer department, which, thus
far at least within rny knowledge, have been
adopted into every bill of this kind that has
passed the Senate?
Mr. RAMSEY. All the qualifications and
restrictions usual in these bills in the olden
time and the present have been incorporated
in this bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to ask what pro-
vision is made here in regard to the use of the
bridge by different railroads ?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. That will be found on
the sixth page of the bill, commencing on the
eleventh line.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary to
read that portion of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the fifth section as it stands in
the bill.
The Chief Clerk read the fifth section.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not know that those
provisions are exactly the same with those
adopted by the Senate iu the case of the bridge
bill presented and urged here by the senior
Senator from Iowaj [Mr. Harlan.] My pres-
