THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
ent impression, however, is that they are sub-
stantially the same and are sufficient. I do
not see the senior Senator from Iowa in his
seat; but in the absence of information to the
contrary 1 shall accept those lines as being
substantially the same as the provisions of the
other bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the bill passes I
wish to make one suggestion to the Senator
from Nebraska. This bill contains no regu-
lation touching the stationary spans of the
bridge as to the elevation to which they shall
be put above low water. It does provide that
they shall be fifty feet above high water, and
there is really an ambiguity, by the by, in that
statement as I heard the bill read. Now, at
Omaha, the Missouri, I think, cannot rise ; its
banks do not admit of its rising and falling
over ten feet. If I am wrong the Senator will
correct me. Supposing it to be ten feet, this
is a provision then which will set the station-
ary chords of that bridge sixty feet above low
water.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. The Senator will see
on page 4. line thirty-one, that "said spans
shall not be less than thirty feet above low-
water mark."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is as to
the draw-bridge, the Chair will say.
Mr. CONKLING. That relates, as 1 heard
the bill read, to the draw-bridge. My state-
ment is as to the stationary spans. I listened
in vain for a requirement placing them any
distance above low water, except so far as that
requirement would follow interentially from
requiring them to be fifty feet above high
water. As I understand that river at the
place where this bridge is to stand, I think it
would be difficult to deduce from this any re-
quirement that the bridge should be over fifiy-
eight or sixty feet above low-water. 1 doubt
whether the Senator wants that. I do not know,
however
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I will state that the
amendments of the committee are in the pre-
cise language of two bills already passed by
the Senate at this session for bridges lower
down on the same stream, and passed without
debate and without question.
Mr. CONKLING. I am glad the Senator
says that they passed without debate and with-
out question, because that may excuse some
of us for not having our attention called to it.
I do not make this suggestion in the nature
of an objection, and I do not intend to impede
the bill which the Senator has in charge ; he
knows much more about it than I do ; hut 1
cannot understand as to that river or any other'
river, except a river in which the rise and fall
is so great that gauging by high water is safe
as to low water, the propriety of providing
that the bridge shall be a certain number of
feet above high water, unless you mean to
reject all security touching on the low-water
gauge.
If there is a rise and fall, as there is in some
rivers, of twenty or thirty feet, and you pro-
vide that the bridge shall be titty feet above
high water, you have a certilicate that at low
water the elevation will be much greater. 11'
you take a stream like that, as dispersed and
sluggish, and the banks as low as the banks
of ihe Missouri, wherever 1 know it, then you
get but one. gauge ; it is substantially providing
that fifty feet shall be all the lee-way for vessels
at any stage of water, although it may fall so
that it is but little more than that at times.
Substantially that fixes it. I repeat, I do not
make this as an objection, but only as a sug-
gestion for the consideration of the Senator.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. If that be an objec-
tion, the clause which permits further amend-
ments leaves the whole matter with Congress
by future legislation in case any trouble should
arise.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see that we need
make any provision agaiust low water. If we
get the bridge high enough so that vessels can
go under it in high water, of course they can
go under it at low water. I do not understand
why we need make any provision for the
height of the bridge above low water.
Mr. CONKLING. I will tell the Senator,
if he will allow me, why I think 
Mr. POMEROY. One moment. We do
need a provision that a boat shall be able to
go under the bridge at high water. The smoke-
stacks are fifty feet high, we will say; there-
fore we provide that the bridge shall be high
enough to admit them in high water, and of
course they can get under at low water.
Mr. CONKL1NG. That is undoubtedly
true if you want the same boats in the same
condition to pass under the same span. If
with the same elevation of smoke-stack you
intend that the boat shall go through the same
span at all times, the Senator's argument is
perfect. If, however, you intend that in high
water boats shall resort to a draw, and to that
only, and if you intend your bridge to be so
elevated that in low water they can go regard-
less of the draw, the Senator will see that his
suggestion falls to the ground. I suppose in
making these bridges the design is to put a
swivel draw (although that is not what it is
called) in the center, some draw by which at
high water boats may pass, and to have such
an elevation that in low water they shall have
free course without resorting to the draw.
Now, I think the Senator from Kansas will
see that there is great force in the argument
about the low-water gauge. But if the inten-
tion is that boats shall lower their smoke-
stacks at all stages of water and resort to the
draw at all stages of the water, then, of course,
if you fix a high-water gauge you have the
whole thing.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator and myself
do not disagree at all. We merely misunder-
stand each other. If there is a draw in it, it
is a low bridge ; and if there is no draw in it
at all, then it is a high bridge, and it is fifty
feet. There is no draw in a bridge that is fifty
feet above high watvi ; there is no use of put-
ting a draw into a biidge that has fifty feet of
elevation above high water. But this bill is
so drawn that they can build either kind of
bridge: thoy may build a low bridge with a
draw, or they may build a high bridge with-
out a draw, that shall be fifty feet above high
water.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask the Senator if it is not the general fact
wiih regard to the construction of these
bridges uvcordiug to the recommendation of
the Secretary of War, that they shall be a cer-
tain number of feet above low water, which
was designed to accommodate the passage at
ordinary high water, and beyond that there is
to be a draw for extraordinary high water?
Mr. POMEliOY. No, sir. The design of
this bill is to allow the company to build either
a high bridge or a low bridge. If they build a
low bridge, they must put a draw in it ; if
they build a high bridge, there is no draw at
all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am speaking
of the general policy. Is not the whole ol it
predicated on this idea, that you provide, in
the construction of abridge, for ordinary high
water, and to that end you shall build a bridge
so high ; tat to provide against the contin-
gencies of extraordinary high water you put
in the draw. Is that not the theory of it?
Mr. POMEROY. That may be the theory
of the Department, but it is not the theory of
this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That may be.
Now, qucere whether, that being the theory of
the Department and our legislation based
upon it, it is not right to keep within that
theory, and not diverge from it?
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have no objection to
that.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to add to the last
section of the bill the following:
And all such changes or alterations shall be made
at the cost ot the owners of such bridge.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. If it is necessary to
have that in twice, I have no objection.
Mr. CORBETT. If the gentleman wiil
show me the provision in the bill, I will not
offer the amendment.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. It is already men-
tioned in the bill two or three times. If the
gentleman wishes it in again, I am satisfied.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the close of the sixth section, and
the Senator from Oregon will see whether the
provision is there.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And all changes in the construction of said bridge
th.it may bo directed by Congress shall be at theco>t
and expense of the owners thereof.
Mr. CORBETT. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 694) to prevent cruelty
to animals while in transit by railroad or other
means of transportation within the United
States, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Agriculture.
The bill (H. R. No. 1898) to extend the
time for providing a college under an act en-
titled "An act donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may pro-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts," approved July 2, 1862, in
the State of Indiana, to March 1, 1878, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor.
TERRITORIAL LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a copy of the general laws, memorials,
and resolutions of the Territory of Dakota,
passed at the ninth session of the Legislative
Assembly, 1870-71 ; which was referred to
the Committee on Territories.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of ship-
owners and others of Portland, Maine, pray-
ing for an improved ice harbor at New Castle,
on the Delaware river; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
citizens of New York, praying that the duties
on green fruits may be equalized, abolished,
or modified; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Prattville, Alabama, praying the re-
moval of their political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of James
W. Crawford and W. D. Caddell, of Bibb
county, Alabama, and of Luther S. Skinner,
of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, praying the removal
of their political disabilities ; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
J. L. Henry, praying compensation for the
use by the Government of his patent improve-
ment in projectiles; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying that duties on articles suc-
cessfully produced in this country may remain
unchanged, and the duties on tea and coffee
repealed ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of
citizens of ^ Pennsylvania, praying that distil
leries be licensed according to their actual
capacity ; which was rcferredto the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented papers
in relation to the claim of Hannah Charlton,
for the issue of new bonds in lieu of certain
bonds destroyed by fire ; which were referred
to the Committee ou Claims.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of Ed-
