1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3281
Mr. BLAIR. I did.
Mr. PRATT. The committee was clothed
with abundant authority to bring witnesses
before it.
Mr. BLAIR. I did make the application,
and the subpeuas were refused. I applied
forsubpenas for more than a dozen witnesses
from the State of Louisiana and the applica-
tion was refused. I applied also for a number
from Arkansas. I secured a few, three I think,
only two of whom were examined ; the third
the committee refused to examine. That is
the fact. I produced before the committee the
declaration of martial law on the part of the
Governor of Texas, who declared martial law
at the time the election was to be held, and
invited the committee to investigate Texas.
They refused to do it, and after that [ should
be surprised at no report they would make on
the subject.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to say that the
Senator from Missouri evidently misunder-
stands the report from which I read. This
Committee does not report these facts as the
result of its own investigation, but as quoting
from a former investigation made in Louis-
iana in regard to what took place before the
presidential election in 1808 by another com-
mittee.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Indi-
ana allow me?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. I was not in when this con-
troversy about Louisiana originated, but from
what I am informed as to what has been said,
and from the closing remark of the Senator
from Missouri, which I just heard, I deem it
necessary to say a few words in reference to
* the action of the committee which he, it seems,
has been arraigning, [ learn from his state-
ment that he charges that he made application
for subpenas for witnesses from the State of
Arkansas, and succeeded in having several
witnesses brought here ; that two were exam-
ined ; that there was a refusal to examine the
remainder. I do not remember how many
witnesses were asked for, but all who were
asked for from the State of Arkansas were
sent for. Two of them appeared ; two did
not appear ; and one did not appear, I think ;
but aiter two witnesses were examined, it
was apparent to the whole committee that
we were asked to investigate a subject that
had not been committed to us at all; and the
result of (hat investigation so far as we did
proceed with it is already before the Sen-
ate, and was reported to the Senate with the
concurrence of the Senator from Missouri, and
I never heard that there was the slightest
eomplaint on the part of any one that the
committee did not proceed further in that in-
vestigation. My recollection is that we had
the assent of the Senator from Missouri in dis-
pensing with further investigation into those
affairs in Arkansas, and in the report that was
made to the Senate, upon which action was
taken by the Senate. So much for Arkansas.
Mr. BLAIR. Let me remind the Senator
that I was perfectly satisfied with the course
taken by the committee with reference to the
particular investigation into the alleged elec-
tion of the Senator from that State in report-
ing it to the Senate for its action. I was not
satisfied, and never was satisfied, with the
refusal on the part of the committee to include
the State of Arkansas in its investigation, and
I made the motion in the committee, which
was voted down by a party vote, to send a
sub-committee to the State of Arkansas for
the purpose of making investigation. I did
not consider it necessary to express any dis-
satisfaction with the vote of the majority of
the committee.
Mr. SCOTT. I was coming to that part of
the charge that has been made also. It is made
now, I understand, with reference to Arkansas,
Texas, and Louisiana. It is well known that
that committee was raised for the express pur-
pose of investigating what were termed the
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 206.
Ku Klux outrages in the southern States ; that
that was the leading motive for raising the
committee. I he committee organized. It sat
here during the month of June. In the latter
part of June a sub-committee was sent to South
Carolina for that purpose, another portion of
the committee remaining m session here and
sitting during the month of July for that pur-
pose. At the close of the month of July tiie
committee adjourned to meet, again in Septem-
ber, if my memory serves ine aright. We met
in September, perhaps in the latter part of
September, I am not certain as to dates, and
when we came together the question came up
how much work could be done. Here were
the Spates of Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama,
and Florida, in all of which it was alleged these
disturbances had taken place, and in some of
which it was alleged they were continuing
down to that time. It was perfectly evident
that if the investigation was to be carried on
in the States in which the evil existed, and to
investigate which the committee was raised,
those^ States were the ones to be visited, and
that it would be utterly impossible, even if
there were collateral questions to be investi-
gated, that sub-committees should be sent into
all the States.
My recollection is that when this subject
came up, and it was determined that sub-com-
mittees should go into those States in which
the Ku Ivlux were carrying on their operations,
the resolutions which were offered to carry on
their investigations did not stop witli Louis-
iana and Arkansas and Texas, but they even
included Virginia, in which it was not alleged
that there was any disturbance. I think a
reference to the Journal will verify that fact.
Mr. BLAIR. That was done in a resolu-
tion offered by a member of the House. The
resolution as moved including Virginia came
from a member of the House, who then voted
•against the whole.
Mr. SCOTT. As it has been alleged that
the committee refused to go to Louisiana
because they were afraid to investigate there,
and the motive is attacked, I wish to state, so
far as I know, (and I feel that i can be sure
what my own motives were,) what the motive
was. The Ku Klux were to be investigated,
and the majority of the committee wore determ-
ined that they should be investigated. Wo
thought the minority of the committee desired
that they should not be investigated, and that
they preferred that t.ho investigation should
spread itself over other States where they
were pot operating, and go off upon collateral
questions, instead of directing our application
to the very question for which the committee
was organized.
I would not slate this were I not informed
that the Senator from Missouri had stated that
the majority refused to go to Louisiana be-
cause they were afraid to go there. I say that
no such motive actuated us, but that from the
resolutions which were offered in the commit-
tee we came to the conclusion that our primary
purpose was to carry out the object for which
the committee was raised—to investigate Ku
Klux outrages where they existed, and where
they had been perpetrated since 1868. So far
as "Louisiana is concerned, if the report has
been quoted correctly, I remember very well
the extract. I suppose it is from a report of
the committee of the House in 1869, of which
Mr. Stevenson, of Ohio, was chairman. There
is an extract from that in our report, not as
stating what the present condition of Louisiana
is, but as giving the history of the Ku Klux
organization from 1866 down to the present
time.
I only rose to make this explanation in
consequence of -what I have been informed
has occurred during my absence from the
Chamber.
Mr. BAYARD. I regret exceedingly that
because the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania conceived that an implication unjust to
himself and the majority of the committee
with whom he acted with regard to investi-
gating the affairs of Louisiana had been made
in his absence, he should here state to the
Senate-that it was the opinion of himself and
his colleagues forming the majority of that
committee that it was not the wish or inten-
tion of the minority that outrages committed
by the Ku Klux. so called, in the southern
States should bo investigated. I am surprised
that he should fee) himself warranted in com-
ing to such an opinion ; I am surprised that
he should express it, and I only can say, as to.
the action taken by the minority in this case,
that the testimony, voluminous as it is, is the
best answer to the fact that, so far as I know,
there was no truth kept back at any time or
sought to bo kept back and remain undevel-
oped by those who acted on the part of the
minority upon that committee.
I do not choose, and it is not necessary for
me, to enter into a comparison either of mo-
tives or conduct on that committee with the
Senator from Pennsylvania, or any ono else.
The record must speak for itself as to whether
or not there was a full and fair and honest
attempt at investigation, coupled with much
labor on the part of the minority. If 1 knew,
or if I ever have known yet of a wrong
against the right of any citizen or the violation
ot any law by any man, and sought to conceal
it, I call on the Senator or any other man
within the sound of niy^ voice to suggest it, to
name it, for when it is examined it will be
found to be false.
Mr. SCOTT. I certainty would be the last
person to impugn the motive of the Senator
from Delaware, or any one else with whom I
had the pleasure of being associated upon that
committee ; for while its duties were disagree-
able, L may bo _ permitted to say that through
the courtesy of tho members of all parties I
think they were made as pleasant as tho nature
of the subjoct would permit. But when ill-
formed that the motive of tho majority of the
committee had been arraigned and attacked,
I could not, in justice to myself and tlio other
members of tho committee, do less than give
our motive for doing as wo did. And now lot
me ask the Senator from Delaware in all can-
dor, at tho time those motions were submitted
to examine into tho affairs of Arkansas and
Louisiana, would it have been possible for
those sub-committees to enter upon those in-
vestigations, and also proceed with tho invest-
igations of Ku Klux outrages in the other
States to the extent that they did between that
time and the meeting of Congress ?
Mr. BAYAliD. Of course not to the ex-
tent that they did; but I mean to say that
there was before the minds of the committee,
so far as I know, as much knowledge that
Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas needed exam-
ination by the committee as any other of these
States. Nay, more than that, it would have
been exceedingly easy and required very
little time; because tho chief outrages in
Texas were by the officials upon the peo-
ple, doing all they could to destroy every-
thing liko government or security and to
turn the whole State back into anarchy and
confusion. All that might have been done,
in my honest belief, and it should have been
done.
Mr. BLAIR. And there were other mem-
bers of the committee who were unemployed.
Mr. BAYARD. I never have impeached
and do not impeach the motives of gentlemen
who act with me, whether they agree with me
or not. I merely refer to facts, and I do say
it was by the vote and by the choice of that
majority, of which the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania is the head, that the outrages in
Louisiana were not brought before Congress,
although they may say that if they had been
examined time would have been occupied and
it would have prevented the development of
testimony elsewhere.
Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to read a fur-
ther extract from the report of Mr. St-even-
