1872,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Morton.
Senate.
in the same situation that cotton has been
placed. Salt, for instance. Take away the
tariff and impose a tax of one cent per pound,
and the effect will be the same as upon cotton.
Or take sugar, and impose the prohibitory
tax of three cen.ts per pound upon it, and the
effect upon it will be the same as that upon
cotton.
According to the Constitution, I deny that
this tax is uniform, since it would have been
as fair to tax either of the just-named arti-
cles as it was to tax cotton, for custom and
the present status of civilization recognize
these articles to be the prime necessities of
life. Cotton is a necessity according to cus-
tom, decency, civilization, and under rules
and regulations of society. There are no
rules nor regulations laid down by law, neither
constitutional, statute, common, nor muni
cipal law, that compels any man to eat or
drink ; but^ton the other hand, municipal law,
moral customs, and influences of every civil-
ized community, compel every man to properly
clothe himself, making it a penal offense for
him to appear in the street unless his naked-
ness is thoroughly concealed ; nor does cus-
tom stop with a mere concealing of nakedness,
but even a superfluity of clothing is necessary,
so as to add to his personal appearance.
Cotton, therefore, being an indispensable arti-
cle of dress, and an absolute necessity to pro-
tect us from the many changes of weather,
should not be placed in the same category
with tobacco and whisky, recognized and
acknowledged poisonous luxuries of life.
Again I refer to the class of people who
make cotton. The statistics will show that
twenty-nine bales of cotton out of every thirty
made in the United States are made directly
by the negroes in thi southern States, and to
them, Mr. Speaker, this tax is due. I will
say for them, when they were set free, found
themselves without homes, without clothes,
and without bread, with all their means of
subsistence in the North aud northwestern
States, thousands of miles from them, slan-
dered and abused, said to be too lazy to make
cotton unless a will superior to their own were
placed over them to control, they united
themselves and determined to make cotton
under their own directiou in order that they
might refute the base slanders which had been
heaped upon them. And butfor this tax which
I have mentioned they would have been able
to purchase one eighth of the laud upon which
this cotton was made. Further, this three
per cent, per pound came directly from the
labor of the man who made the cotton. In
addition to this tax, he pays large freights
upon all substances, meat, bread, and other
articles, such as are shipped to him from the
great distances above mentioned. He must
pay the freights on cotton to and from the New
England mills, also the manufacturer's per-
centage and the merchant's profit.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I plead in behalf of the
poor people of the South, regardless of caste
or color, because this tax had its blighting
influence. It cut the jugular vein of our finan-
cial system, bled it near unto death, and
wrought a destructive influence upon every
line of business. It so crippled every trade
and industry that our suffering has been greater
under its influence than under that of the war.
That tax took away all the income and left us
no profit and very little of the circulating
medium. I therefore beg Congress to correct
the error and refund the cotton tax to that
class of people from -whom it was taken and
for whom I plead in my imperfect way.
And further, I had the honor to introduce
bill No. 2277, whici cannot be reached in the
regular order of business during this session
of Congress, and I therefore ask the indul-
gence of members for a few minutes, while I
njake some remarks in relation to this bill.
The bill purports to authorize the United
States Land Commissioners to bid for large
tracts of private land, when sold at public
auction, with the right to secure titles to these
lands in the name of the United States, in the
same manner as they are secured by private
individuals; and to subdivide these tracts into
small tracts containing not more than one
hundred and sixty acres, and as much less as
suits the convenience of the'purchaser. The
latter shall have the right to receive from the
Land Commissioner a certificate of entry, and
shall pay to the United Slates, at the time
of purchase, ten per cent, on the cost, and
shall continue to pay annually ten per cent.
On cost until the whole is paid. When the
final payment has been made the Land Com-
missioner shall be required to give to the
purchaser a warrantee title to the land pur-
chased.
Mr. Speaker, I ask Congress to make this
appropriation, and 1 ask it iu behalf of the
landless and poor people of our country. In
that section of country which I have the honor
in part to represent upon this floor the people
are extremely poor, having been emancipated
from slavery after hundreds of years of disap-
pointment and privation. These people have
struggled longer and labored harder, aud
have made more of the raw material than any
people in the world. Notwithstanding the
fact that they have labored long, hard, and
faithfully, thoy live on little clothing, the
poorest food, and in miserable huts. Since
they have been free they have not slackened
their industry, but have materially improved
their economy. While their labor has re-
warded the nation with larger revenue, they
have consumed less of the substance of the
country than any other class of people. If
dressing less, eating little, and hard and con-
tinued labor means economy, these people are
the most economical in the world. And, sir,
it is a universal understanding among them-
selves that they are not to live in any extrav-
agant way so far as eating and dressing is
concerned. They are laboring and making
every effort to secure land and houses. It is
next to au impossibility in this generation to
accomplish it without such aid as I now ask
from the Government.
Mr. Speaker, I am frequently met on the
floor with the argument that the Government
should be just before it is generous. Then, I
call the attention of the gentlemen of the
House to the fact that we should look to our
own interests before we eare for those of our
neighbors. What has been the result of our
legislation? We have subsidized for the peo-
ple of China; we have subsidized for the peo-
ple of Japan ; we have subsidized to feed the
wild Indians, roaming over the domains of the
West, pillaging, robbing, and murdering our
citizens. These subsidies are sucking vam-
pires upon our people, for not one of those
who are benefitted by them pay to the United
States a single dollar of taxes, while the
people in whose behalf I plead pay annually
$70,000,000 taxes to the United States Gov-
ernment.
While we pay gratuitously to Chinese, Jap-
anese, and Indians, millions of dollars an-
nually, we hesitate to even lend to the land-
less but peaceable and industrious citizens of
the South $1,000,000 annually to help them
aid themselves aud at the same time greatly
develop the resources of the co.untry. Nor
can this loan be attended with the least risk
to the Government, for it is secured by the
best of security, placing a small portion of the
surplus money of the Treasury to profitable
use, at the same time paying the Government
large interest.
I thank the gentlemen for their attention,
and again beg them to give us a united vote on
the bill to refund this cotton tax.
Extension of Ku Klux Act.
SPEECH OF HON. O. P MORTON.
OF INDIANA, ' ,
In the Senate of the United States,
May 21, 1872. ' ;
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No. 656) to extend the provisions of the fourth
section of the act approved April 20,1871—
Mr. MORTON said :
Mr. President : We have heard a speech
to-day lasting between five and six hours.
We heard one yesterday occupying nearly four
hours. I do not complain of the length of
these speeches. The task which these Sen-
ators had in hand was one that required much
time and great labor to its successful perform-
ance. Whether it has been successfully per-
formed, even with this great expenditure of
time and labor and pains, it will be for the
country to determine.
We have heard the President of the United
States impugned in his every act in regard to
the South. He has been charged with exer-
cising despotic powers for selfish and malig-
nant purposes, with abusing the power which
had been placed in his hands by the law of
Congress suspending the writ of habeas corpus,
without cause or anything to justify-the act.
His officers performing duties under him and
appointed by him have been assailed in their
motive and in their conduct. Congress has
been accused of passing, a law that was uncon-
stitutional, that was «. gross usurpation of
power ; and it is said that we are now trying
to extend the provisions of the act of Congress
passed last year for no other purpose than to
enable the President of the United States to
reelect himself; in the language of the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Blair] yesterday, to
enable the Republican party to maintain itself
in power for purely mercenary and selfish
purposes.
Neither the Republican members of Con-
gress, nor the President of the United States,
nor his subordinate officers have received
credit for a single good act or a single pure
and patriotic motive. The assault has been
upon Congress and upon the Executive in
every particular and upon every ground. The
attack has been made for political purposes.
These speeches have been prepared as cam-
paign documents to make an impression upon
the public mind ; and I must be excused if I
treat of the questions now before the Senate
frankly and freely—if I refer frankly to what
has been said. What I shall say I shall say
with no wish to hurt the feelings of any Sen-
ator or any person ; but I owe it to myself, I
owe it to the Administration, I owe it to the
Republican members of the Senate to speak
out boldly and to tell the whole truth, and I
intend to do it according to the best of my
ability.
Mr. President, wher. the war was over there
was general good feeling throughout the whole
country. There was a general feeling through-
out the North of forgiveness toward the South.
There was a strong feeling in favor of general
amnesty; to let by-gones be by-gonea;, to
shake hands in friendship and amity. That
lasted for some months. How did.that- feeling
come to pass away and fjeefaslgs of bitterness
to some extent take their jrfaee on each side,
especially iu the South ? To speak the truth,
I must say that the, Democratic party, that
political organisation known as the Democracy,
was chiefly responsible for this change of feel-
ing. I heard the Senator from Mississippi',
[Mr. Alcorn] the other day, in speaking oa
the subject, arraign the Democratic, party as
being responsible chiefly for this change of
feeling on the part of the South.
The Democratic party of the North advised
