594
THE OOIS"GBESSIOIOlL GLOBE.
January 25,
In the Territories, where new States are
growing up, the condition of things is most
saiarnjing.; , Of the number under the excln-
aive couirol of Cougress, being 819,452, only
42,559;are in school. In New Mexico, in 1856,
on ihfi.question of adop'ing a law for establish-
ing school systems, thevoteaiood37 for. to 5,01 (S
against. The .population is now 93,874, and
there is, not a public school in the Territory.
. It is expected the net proceeds of the lands-
will not fall far short of $1,000,000 per annum.
Now, this may be considered to be a little
matter, bat the experience of all education
shows that a very slight external stimulus
held out to the people will stimulate them to
large efforts of their own. The school funds
in many of the States have been trifling, but
they have stimulated and built up education.
The Pcabody lund, distributing but $100,000
a year iri the different States, has stimulated
the laising of $500,000 of private voluntary
effort, in consequence of the stimulus which
that fund held out.
Now, for myself, if I could see this measure
or some better one adopted, and see it secure,
through the entire limits of my country, edu-
cation to the whole people, I for one would
be contented, not only to go into obscurity, as
I shall soon (io, but I would be contented that
the wand of power might be held by my politi-
cal opponents for a century. With that one
safeguard, every other is needless; without that
one safeguard, every other is useless and impo-
tent. Upon the fate of the common schools
hangs the fate of America. No democracy
ever lasted long, no republic was ever built up
strong from the foundation, no republic ever
laid its foundations bolow the frosts, that did
not dig down to the hard-pan, to the rock, to
the granite of universal public education. 1
would write over the doors, not. of the college,
not of the cathedral or the academy, but over
t.he doors of the common school house, Hcoc
elcmslra cum yairia slant que cuduntque simiil.
So long as live these schools America shall
live; and they shall perish together. "The
learning of the few is despotism; the learning
of the multitude is liberty; and intelligent
and principled liberty is fame, wealth, wisdom,
and power."
Mr. BUROHARD. In my judgment, no
more important question is presented to Con-
gress than the one now before the House. The
policy proposed by this bill is one not only
beneficent in its present operation, but iu the
far-reaching future. It proposes to dispose of,
for all time, the proceeds of the public lands
for educational purposes. Wo have heretofore
made large grants of the public lands for in-
ternal improvements, for colleges, and for agri-
cultural schools. It is proposed now to devote
the proceeds of the public lands as a fund for
education, and the maintenance of free schools
throughout the United States.
The two questions which wo have to con-
siderate, have we the constitutional power, and
is it expedient for us to do this ? 1 propose in the
few minutes left of the morning hour to address
myself to those questions, because 1 lmve not
time to consider any others.
The power to dispose of the public lands by
the Congress of (he Uniled States, I do not
suppose will be questioned by any one. There
is an explicit gr.uif of power. In the tliird sec-
tion of the fourth article of the Constitution of
the United Status Congress is expressly empow-
ered to dispose of and make all needful rules
aud regulations respecting the territory and
other property belonging to the United States.
Under that or some other section of the Con-
stitution we have already disposed of one third
nt t he public domain. Tlie title to six hundred
million acres, or nearly ihat amount, hasbeeu
conveyed away, for only one hundred and six'y
million acres of which have v?e received an
equivalent. Three fourths of the amount dis-
posed of have been granted either in aid of
internal improvements, or for bounties to sol-
diers, or for the purpose of promoting educa-
tion Qiid the establishment of schools and
universities, and agricultural colleges. Mr.
Speaker, it seems to me that the constitution-
ality of the proposed disposition.of the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands for .educational
purposes must be conceded, and unless some
specific point be made that we have no con-
stitutional power, I do not propose to ad-
dress myself further to that question. The
letter of the instrument itself, and the unques-
tioned legislation of Congress since theorgan-
ization of the Government, in disposing of the
public domain, are sufficient warrant for our
action.
But is it expedient? .What better use can be
made of the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands than to appropriate them sacredly,
or, in the language of this bill, "consecrate"
them, if legislation can do this, for the pur-
poses of education? It is proposed, ito aid
those States and school districts that are will-
ing to use the amount contributed in the main-
tenance of free common schools. It is a plan
already tried and approved, under which free
schools have been permanently established in
many of the northern States—in Massachusetts,
in Illinois, in Wisconsin,and in other States—
where a general State tax was imposed upon
the people of the State, and the proceeds of
that tax donated, or apportioned, rather, to
such schools as should be kept up for three
or six months. That is the system by which
free schoolsw ere established iu southern Illi-
nois and iu northern Illinois, where the free-
school system did not prevail prior to 1856.
I have one objection to the bill; it does
not go far enough in its immediate benefits.
Instead of creating an educational fund with
one half, and appropriating annually the in-
terest on the other half of the proceeds of
the sale of the public lands, the bill ought to
appropriate for immediate use in each year
the whole amount of the net proceeds of
the sales of the public lands for. each preced-
ing year. The sales of the public lands
have from year to year averaged some two or
two aud a half million dollars, the expenses
being nearly half a million. The amount
each year to bo apportioned will be only
$2,000,000. Illinois, with two million fivehun-
dred thousand inhabitants, would receive one
sixteenth of the amount, ($12-3,000,) which,
apportioned to its eleven thousand school dis-
tricts, would give to each less than twelve
dollars apiece. A State like Tennessee, for
instance, will receive less than one hundred
thousand dollars, if the whole proceeds are
annually appropriated. If this amount is
apportioned to each school district that main-
tains a free school for three months, the aid
to each from the General Government would
not equal twelve dollars a year, and would not
suffice to hire a teachcr lor four weeks. If
half of the amount derived from the sale of
the public lands and the interest on the
remainder only is annually appropriated, the
amount contributed by the General Govern-
ment would only supply a teacher for two
weeks in the course of the year. In Illinois
the average annual expenditure in each school
district is $000 per jear, aud it is higher in
Massachusetts.
The ratio of contribution under this bill to
the necessary expenditures is too small. The
amount, therefore, which we propose to appro-
priate, it seems to me, is hardly sufficient if
we restrict the donation to one half of the
amount of the sales of the publie land. A
district would not be induced to make the
necessary expenditure for school-houses and
balance of teachers' salary, amounting to
from one hundred to several hundred dollars,
to gain six dollars, while double that amount
might be deemed a consideration. Then,
again, we need that amount immediately. It
is needed to help establish our schools, rather
than continue those already in existence.
In no State where free schools have once been
established is there danger that the system will
be overturned. In Massachusetts, for instance,
would any legislator dare to rise and insist
upon repealing the school law? I ask my
colleagues from Illinois, .who honor me with
their attention, if they would- consent to the
repeal of the school la-w of that State, where
there ia a school system which will compare
with any school system in any country in the
world? Let the southern States, which are
now without free schools or a free-school sys-
tem, once have that system fully established,
and no legislator there will rise and move to
repeal the provision. Let us, then, appropriate
for this purpose all of this -fund as -fast as
received.
I hope that the gentleman who has charge
of this bill, before he moves the previous ques-
tion, will withdraw the motion to recommit,
and submit it to the House for full consider-
ation in all its details.
I cannot believe that the Democratic party
or the gentlemen in this House who belong
to the Democratic party are opposed to a bill
to promote education. The gentleman from
Indiana who addressed the House the other
day, iu characterizing the state of society at
the South, said that the Republican party had
made the mistake of placing the pyramid of
government there upon its apex rather than
upon its base. The defect of the reconstruc-
tion law may be that it was based upon uni-
versal instead of intelligent suffrage. It is
not proposed, and it is too late to change or
restiiet the elective franchise. What, then,
in this respect shall we do'! If we have placed
the pyramid upon its apex, let us fill under,
widen, and support it as it stands, rather than,
attempting to reverse and overturn the pyra-
mid, overwhelm ourselves and all concerned
in irretrievable ruin. This can bo done by
diffusing education through the South, and
by passing such measures as will give a system
of free education to all the people of the
southern States.
There are some of the details of this bill
which I would prefer to have modified. I
introduced during the first session of this Con-
gross a bill similar to one I had presented in a
previous Congress, -differing from this princi-
pally in the fact that it proposed to appropriate
from year to year for educational purposes the
annual proceeds of the sale of public lands.
Thore are some points presented by this bill
which perhaps some gentleman might desire
to have discussed in Committee of the Whole.
For instance, some members from the new
States, those that have lately been Territories,
believe that the provisions of this bill may
operate to deprive a new State of the five per
cent, of the proceeds of the public lands
within the State always granted to it upon its
admission for educational purposes. 1 do not
think this bill would conflict with that provis-
ion, but I would like to have the question more
fully discussed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Gabfield,] chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, claims the floor, aud the
morning hour has expired.
estimates of deficiencies.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, reported back
from the Committee on Appropriations a com-
munication from the Secreiary of the Treasury,
transmitting letters from the Secretary of War,
Quartermaster General, and others, with esti-
mates of deficiencies ; which was ordered to
be printed and recommitted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield to the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] that
he may present a report.
south carolina and kentucky.
Mr. POLAND. ThejointCommittee on the
Condition of the Late Insurrectionary States,
to whom were referred a resolution offered by
the gentleman from-Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
calling upon the President for information in
reference to the State of South Carolina, and
