1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
trict of Florida, and to provide for the appoint-
ment of a judge to the same; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
768) to reimburse the tow-boat owners of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, for money paid by them
to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company
for enlarging the water-ways under the bridge
across the Ohio at Parkersburg; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 769)
to close the accounts of R. B. De Russy, late
colonel corps of engineers, deceased; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 770) to erect two new land dis-
tricts in the State of Nebraska; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
EXPLORATIONS IN NEVADA AND ARIZONA.
Mr. NYE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate for the information of tho Senate
areport showing the present condition of the ex-
plorations now being conducted under the direction
of the engineer department in Nevadaand Arizona,
and in the immediate charge of Lieutenant George
M. Wheeler, corps of engineers.
JACOB WEART.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Committee
on Finance reported the bill (H. R. No. 898)
for the relief of Jacob Weart, collector of
internal revenue fifth district of New Jersey,
adversely, and it was indefinitely postponed by
an inadvertence. My desire is to have that
vote reconsidered, that the bill may be referred
to the Commmittee ou Claims, to which it
ought properly to have gone.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the suggestion of the Senator from New
Jersey? If there be no objection, it will be so
ordered. The Chair hears no objection.
TREATMENT OV IMMIGRANTS, ETC.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a resolution
of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, asking
that further legislation be had by Congress to
protect immigrants, and likewise a resolution
of the Senate instructing the committee to
make some inquiries on that subject, have
directed me to offer the following resolution,
which I ask may be considered and passed at
the present time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
authorized and directed to make thorough inquiry
into the subject of immigration and the reception
and treatment of immigrants on shipboard and
after their arrival in this country; and also into tho
subject of quarantine and health regulations as they
exist at the chief ports of thet United States; and
that said committee be authorized to send for per-
sons and papers; to make said inquiry, if deemed
advisable, by a sub-committee, which is hereby em-
powered to administer oaths, to employ a steno-
graphic reporter and clerk, and to visit any points
that may be found necessary to visit for the purpose
of said inquiry.
Mr. COLE. I would suggest an amend-
ment, that the treatment of immigrants while
reaching their points of destination by railroad
be inquired into.
Mr. CONKL1NG. That is included.
Mr. COLE. I suppose it may be construed
so, but I want it made certain.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will accept the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves to amend specifically
by adding '• and while in transit to their
places of destination by railroad or other-
wise" after the word "country." The Sen-
ator from Michigan accepts the amendment,
the Chair understands, and if there be no
objection that will be incorporated.
Mr. FENTON. Let it be reported as mod-
ified.
The Secretary read the resolution as
amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think such a
resolution as that ought to pass. I think it
is unnecessary to have committees to go to
all ports of the United States with clerks and
stenographers making inquiry into the treat-
ment of immigrants. We can get all that
information without that expensive process.
I move to strike out so much as authorizes
the visiting of the different ports of the Uni-
ted States. It is a great deal less expensive
and troublesome to bring persons here if a
committee desire to examine any one, than
it is for committees to travel to San Fran-
cisco and to Oregon, and all over the United
States. I do not believe myself in organ-
izing committees of that kind unless there is
special reason for it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Of course the investi-
gation can be carried on here; but it is very
expensive to bring here so many witnesses as
it will be necessary to summon and keep them
here for so long a time. It is not probable
that this committee will be required to go to
more than perhaps two or three places on the
Atlantic coast. To bring witnesses here is a
very expensive operation, as the Committee
on Outrages in the Southern States will attest.
I preferred that tho Committee on Retrench-
ment should make this investigation ; but the
chairman, who is a member of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, informs me that it will be
utterly impossible for that committee to attend
to this investigation in season for legislation
at this session ; and it was the opinion of the
Committee on Commerce that it would be well
to send a sub-committee of three perhaps to
one or two of the large cities to investigate
this subject in order that we might act intelli-
gently in legislating. It is simply as a matter
of economy that we ask this.
Mr. CORBETT. The resolution, as now
offered, provides for the chief ports only. It
does not provide for all the ports, or any ports
but the chief ports.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What are "chief ports."
Mi-. CORBETT. Such ports as immigrants
arrive at—as New York, and perhaps Phil-
adelphia and Baltimore and Boston.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not San Francisco
one ?
Mr. CORBETT. I do not think it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think thousands of
immigrants arrive at San Francisco.
Mr. CORBETT. Not in very large num-
bers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I saw more than a thou-
sand arrive there on one ship myself at one
time.
Mr. CORBETT. It might be possible; but
it is in the discretion of the committee. I
have no doubt that the Senate have confidence
in the committee that they will examine this
subject with proper discretion, and will not
visit other ports than those that it is necessary
to visit for the absolute necessity of obtaining
this information, and presenting it to the Sen-
ate at the earliest possible moment. That is
the object of this resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the Sena-
tor from Illinois to apprehend that there may
be some unnecessary going or temptation to
go. I suggest to the Senator whether a better
amendment would not be to strike out the gen-
eral words and insert one, or two, or three
ports which it may be necessary to visit. The
great body of immigration comes to the port
of New York, and while I do not know that
an investigation at that port alone would be
sufficient, I suggest to the Senator that he say
"New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, or
either of them," although I hardly think that
any committee would be so hungry for labor
as to wander around to unnecessary places. I
only suggest that the whole object would be
accomplished by confining the power to cer-
tain specified places.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the words proposed to be stricken
out by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understand the Sen-
ator from Illinois will be satisfied with a
modification confining the investigation to
New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan moves to modify the provision
before striking out this part of the resolu-
tion, so as to give power to visit the ports of
Philadelphia, New York, and Baltimore. The
question is on that modification.
The modification was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on striking out the clause as amended.
Does the Senator from Illinois withdraw the
motion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I accepted the modifi-
cation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
strike out is withdrawn.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
CHICAGO EIRE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the appropriation
bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. Before the regular order
is proceeded with I wish to say one word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropria-
tion bill is before the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire tt> say that imme-
diately after the vote is taken ou the appro-
priation bill now before the Senate, I shall
press the Chicago relief bill, and I trust at
that time there will be no objection on the part
of the Senate to taking up that bill and con-
sidering it. I repeat, as 1 said the other day,
that there is no disposition on the part of my-
self or the more immediate friends of the bill
to engage in discussion. If there is discus-
sion it must come from those opposed to the
bill. I trust it will be taken up and that we
shall have action. The necessity for action
must be manifest to the Senate.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE ARKANSAS RIVER.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 245) en-
titled "An act amendatory of an act authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Arkansas river,"
having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the first and second amendments of the House,
and agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their third amendment.
Z. CHANDLER,
GEORGE E. EDMUNDS,
J. W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THOMAS BOLES,
SAMUEL HAMBLETON,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS IN TEXAS.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I gave notice a few
days since that I would call up to-day Senate
bill No. 564, touching the cession of some
lands by Texas to the United States. I hope
I have my friend's permission to do so. I
notified him several days ago. I believe he
will consent. I will be very brief. I have not
troubled the Senate before on any occasion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropri-
ation bill being before the Senate, the Senator
from Texas asks permission to call up a bill
in regard to lands in Texas, to make some
remarks upon, in accordance with a notice he
gave some time since.
Mr. COLE. I am sorry to object to any-
thing my friend from Texas asks, but I think
we shall be through the appropriation bill in a
little time, and in time to give the Senator an
opportunity to submit" his remarks. I wish
ne would let us go on.
