3282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10, J
son in the House in regard to the city of New
Orleans itself This is in reference to the
election in 18G8:
" In this part, including that part of Orleans com-
prised io this district, and St. iiernard and St. Hel-
ena and Washington, the Republican party had a
majority iu 1863 of over one thousand, receiving
eighty five hundred and sixly-iive votes. Over
three hundred leading and active Republicans,
white and colored, were killed, wounded, or other-
wise cruelly maltreated by Ivu Klux and other in-
struments ot violence and intimidation within
sixty days preceding the election.
" Tenor and dioad took possession of the unpro-
tected people; thousands of colored Republicans
and somo whites voted the Democratic ticket from
compulsion and fear, and the great mass lcwained
away from tiie polls, and the eighty-five hundred
and sixty-five Republican votes were reduced to
eighty-lour, eighty ol winch were received in Or-
leans, two in St. Bernard, two m St. Helena, (out of
Amite,) and in Washington none."
Now, f ask the Secretary to read from the
report of the Committee ou Elections 111 an-
other case, the case of Jones vs. Mann, an
election held at the same time, in lb'G8.
The Chief Clerk read us follows:
"The State Legislature had called ineffectually
upon the national Executive lor troops to uphold the
law, to put down Liwles.-uic-<o and crime, and to pro-
tect loyal citizens m their persons and properly.
"Mo. in while a sy.>toui.itu; course of intimidation
Violence, plunder, robbeiy, assassination, and mur-
der, was practiced in many portions of the State to-
ward the loyal Union citizens,especially (hecitizens
of color; their pioperfy and lives were in jeopardy
on account of their loyalty, and a large portion of
tho State, arid particularly the city of New Orleans,
was controlled by lawless partisans ot the late rebel-
lion, many of them anncil, rendering it unsafe and
perilous lor loyal citizens to freely speak their sen-
timents, participate in political meetings, or to at-
tend upon and vote at the election ; and on tile 2 lU
of October, 18b8, t he Uovei noi o t tho Si a t cannot'need I
to the dcpaitincut comminute) th,it thocivil author- i
ilies iu the parishes ol Orleans, Jclfctxm. and Sc. '
Bernard wore unable to picsei\o outer and piuuoc :
the lives and pro peri y of th e p<-oplr ; and i lu; condi- ,
tion of the city immediately ihcrealter may he in- j
ierred ttom a .statement made ni a amimimical ion i
from the Governoi to onooi Uie United States Sena- '
tors from I hut Stale, ot December 20, iSliS, winch '
was laid on the di^k-< ol tiie members ot the House |
in i ho em iy pail * i this m>>moii, wherein hes.iy> i
that 'aun.d wlnte men natroled tho streets nignt i
and day, .saeknii': Ui piihhe.it) club looms, the reM- I
deuces ot Union citizens, chmclie*. and school-
housts. Dining the week pi e<-eduiK the rhi'lnm
over MxU-en persons were KilKd in New Orleans.'
lie luithei adds I hill, not w ithst.imlnig an ordei ot ;
the eomoiu nding gcm-i al to tlui contr.ny, 'Demo- |
erat io (1 u 1)^ did have pi oee^Mons, and aa med bands I
eolidtiiied tlu-ii violeiieeup to tlioday ot election. :
i Iks w cek preceding t lie el eel ion wah one ot i n [ onso j
('Xeiteineni ; ihr wliole eily w.r, lillrd with alarm, j
Aly parlor was constantly iilied with men who
bi ought lc ports ol on I rages upon their porno ns and
piopciij. A constant,.sire,tin ol men 1.111 liom tho
gun si oi es ot iherily with aims and animuiiit ion,
tiudevi-iy e\ldene<) ol goneiai tumult and rioting
was apparent. Dining thus nmul was in dully com-
munication with t he, comma niliny genera 1, who ex-
pressed grc.it concern ami lamented tho meager
torce at ins dispoMtl. It was. sosmallthat General
Buchanan t tai.ed, in General Rou^cau'h pie>ence,
thut ho (.General It.) would ho as much justiiied in
retiring with his tioops as he would before an enemy
ot supenoi foiee.
"Tlie.se statement's «ive a sufficient explanation of
the vote ictuined lrom the pan-h ot Oilcans, and
us to this pan-h would .seem to ju^iily the conclud-
ing Mutenient m.idf bj tho ()ov«itu)r in said com-
munication a.-, to the eleclnni generally. " that the
reMilt was attained bv the mo?-t ;-h;iinr|<\«s resort to
iuurdei, asvis.-uii)tiuu. tumult, and intimidation, not
to apeak ol ])ro>ei iptioo, ilnir Has over known in
this counliy." Saui letter of Go\ei noi W.umoth,
With the reply ol Geneial linchainin, of January 20,
1M>J, and the lcjotndcr ot Governor W.ninoih.ut
January 2o, nie ajipended to tins i eport, and marked
A, B, and 0."
Mi. MORION. This evidence shows that,
the murder, assassination, and violence that ;
occurred in LouiManu just belore the late pres-
idential election, and that controlled that elec-
tion, amounted to a war. The same motives may
exist to bung about the same scenes again;
and I ask wheie there is any man who de>ires
peace, who desires honest elections and abhors
bloodshed, who can object to the use of the
means to pieyent the lepetition of these dread-
ful scenes / 1 he same combustible material
exists there now that existed then, and may
be put iu motion by the same instrumentali-
ties.
I might go through with the history of the
elections in several of the States in 1808, but
I shall content myself with a brief reference
to the election in Georgia. Iu June, 1868,
the Republican party carried the State of
Georgia by about nine thousand majority.
Mr. NORWOOD. I suppose the honorable
Senator refers to the election in April. There
was no election in June.
Mr. MOttTON. I should say April. Irefer
to the spring election. The Republican parry
carried it by about seven thousand majority.
They lost it in the November following by
about forty-live thousand majority. In seven
of the counties ot' Georgia, as shown by the
statement I have here—I think I have counted
them accurately—there was not a vote cast for
General Grant. In eight other counties there
were votes cast not to exceed twelve for him.
showing the influence of the reign of terror in
that State. I refer to this simply as a striking
instance 
Mr. NORWOOD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator please call over the names of the counties
where no vote was cast for General Grant?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; I will oblige the
Senator. It will take but a moment, I think.
The county of Bartow, I think, is the first one ;
that is put down 1. The county of Bullock is
the next one. In the county of Chattahoochee
then; were 8 votes for Grant; in the county of
Clinch, 75; in the county of Coffee, none;
in the county of Columbia, 1; in the county
of Colquitt, '2-3; in the county of Dade, 18;
iu the county of Dooly, 32 , in the county of
E.nly, none ; in the county of Elbert, 34 ; in
the county of Emanuel, 20; m the county of
Glascock, 10 j iu the county of Irwin, none ;
in the county of Jones, none; in the county of
Lincoln, none; in the county of Madison, 91 ;
in the county ot Miller, none ; in the county
of Mont^onieiy, none; m the county of Rich-
mond, 1; m the county of Schley, 0(J ; in the
county of i'atnall, none ; in the county of Tel-
iair, none; iu the county of Ware, (5; in the
county ot Wayne, 10, in the county of Wilkes,
7 ; and in others small numbeis that 1 do not
enuineiaie.
Air. President, I had not intended tosay any-
thing on tills subject in addition to what was
said the other d;iy in reference to it ; but what
was said ibis tnoining by the Senator from Del-
nwaie and the Senator from California made it
proper that 1 should advert, to what took place
in i.SUS in Louisiana and what might, transpire
again. Now. I repeat the question, what consti-
tutional mason or objection can be made to
placing Louisiana, so laras these elections are
concerned, mid so far as giving the presidential
elect 1011 the incidental protection of the law
protecting the congressional elections is con-
cerned, in the same condition with Illinois,
Georgia, Delaware, New Jersey, New York,
and ill fact over twenty-live States iu this
Union I
Mr. IIILL. I was about to interrupt the
Senator from Indiana with a question, upon
which 1 should like to hear his views, it may
not, bo improper that, he and I should talk a
little about tills bill, though we have talked it
over elsewhere. I notice (I do not know that
my attention has been cabed to it before) the
pmtieular language of the Constitution in
regard to the power of Congress in chooi-ing
I lie tune for the election of ulectors for Pres-
ident, and Vice President. This is the grant
of power to Congress :
" Tho Congress miiy determine tho time of choos-
ing the electors, and tho day on winch they sliaJl
give their votes, which day shall bo tho same
thiuughout tho united totates.''
Turning to the Constitution this morning, it
occuned to me for the first time that it was
not veiy clear that it was within the power of
the Congre-s to name different days upon
which electors might be chosen. For exam-
ple, if we can say that iu Louisiana the first
Monday in November shall be the day of
choosing electors instead of the first Tuesday,
wc might say that the State of Vermont might
choose on Wednesday, New York on Thurs-
day, Pennsylvania on Friday, and another
State on Saturday, and we might even have
the election in different months. The object
seems to have been to have a uniform day of
choosing electors.
Mr. KELLOGG. No, sir; if the Senator
will permit me 
Mr. HILL. I will come to thatin a moment,
I see that it is iu the disjunctive. I reads ia
this way :
" The Congress may determine the time of cbo c-
ing tho electors, and tho day on which they shall
give their votes;"—
Then comes a semicolon, and the' disjunct-
ive part of the sentence occurs—
" which day shall be the same throughout the Uni-
ted States."
Mr. KELLOGG. Now I will ask the Sen-
ator what that "day" relates to.
Mr. HILL. I answer the Senator, it relates
to the day ou which the Electoral College shall
assemble and give their votes ; there is no
doubt about that. But it will be observed
that it is in the singular number; the word
"time" is used. "The Congress may de-
termine the time of choosing the electors."
I fit had been the intention of the f'rainers of
the Constitution to give to Congress the lati-
tudinous powers that I have adverted to, of
selecting dliferent days lor different States,
would they not have expressed it by using the
woid "limes"—the limes of choosing? But
it, is limited to " the tune " There is biitons
time spoken of. That under the vvoi d "lime"
you may disci iininate and choose two different
days, I am not clear by any means, for cer-
tainly it follows, as a matter of course, that if
Congiess can piescube a day lor Louisiana
different fioui the general day it has pre-
sciibed for the choosing of electors, it may pre-
scribe any variety of time for other States.
That is too clear for question.
What, then, was meant by the frainers of
the Constitution iu using the word "tune?"
It is a specific designation, ns it stnlies my
mind, and is limited to one period, not to two
dift'eient, periods. It occurs to me that it is
not within the power of Congress to have
thirty-seven different days upon which elect-
ors lor President and Vice President may be
chosen. I know that the expediency Question
is the only one that, has presented it-eif heie-
tolore to my own mind as of any moment. I
know that I have suggested that the only ob-
jection to this particular measure that pre-
sented itselt to me was that it put it in the
power of voters to vote on .Monday in Louisi-
ana and of going into the adjoining States on
Tuesday, if they chose to do so, and casting
votes theie, theieby fraudulently increasing the
vote ol one parly or unoiher party 111 an ad-
joining Stale. That was the giavest objection
that occurred to me before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
from Gt'Oigia a question?
Mr. HILL. Certainly.
Mr. ED A1 UNL>S. I wish to ask him whether
it is not within his knowledge that the first
provision of law made by the lathers who
made the Constitution, under that clause of
the Constitution, did not provide a Variable
time running over thirty four davs?
. Mr. HILL. Let me understand that ques-
tion.
Mr. EDMONDS. The inquiry is, whether
it is not within she knowledge ol the Senator
from Georgia that the same men who tiained
that Constitution framed a law under it giving
it a practical construction on the very point
lie is talking about, allowing the election of
electors to run over a vaiiahle time of thirty-
four days?
Mr. HILL. No; that was not within my
knowledge.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have here the statute
of March 1, 17iW, which does exactly that
thing.
Mr. HILL. Read that statute, if you please.
I only want light.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will find
the same law in the Manual which he holds in
