1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3283
his hand ; but I will read it out of the Statutes-
at-Large :
"That except in case of an election of President
and Vice President of the United States prior to the
ordinary period as herein specified
That is, this act relates to the regular
elections—
"electors shall be appointed in each State for the
election of a President and Vice President of the
United States, within thiny-four davs preceding the
first Wednesday in December, 1792. and within
thirty-four days preceding the first Wednesday in
December in every fourth year succeeding the last
election, whicli electors shall be equal," &c.
Mr. HILL. That still does not come up to
the idea that while the time shall be within a
given period of days, it is not the sanction of
the framers of the Constitution who sat in
that early Congress of the principle that they
might designate different days for different
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was not that a delega-
tion of power to the different States to regu-
late it within that time according to their own
wishes, and does not the Senator know as
matter of history that they did not vote on
the same day ?
Mr. HILL. No; I did not know that. I
have not paid attention to that particular fact.
]f that be so, it would seem that the question
is settled. That was the only question that
was piessing upon my mind.
In view of what had occurred on former oc-
casions, and the great, question of peace, &c.,
in Louisiana, I rather gave my assent to this
bill. While 1 do not lilie the idea of having
two days upon which the election of presiden-
tial electors may occur, or one day in one
State and a different nay in all the other States.
I was willing to yield it for the convenience
of the people of Louisiana on this particular
occasion, but 1 was not very sure that under
the grant of power in the Constitution it was
within the power of Congress to give them
this relief. I do not know but that, it would
be better, I think it would, to have separated
these elections of the States and the Federal
elfClions anyhow. I think instead of.this sort
of Cmnpu'sory process with a ticket made with
a particular name tor Piesident and a partic-
ular name for member of Congress and the
usual routine of party, it would have contrib-
uted more to the freedom of elections to have
had two days, one tor the Federal election
and for the Stale election ; and were it left to
myself 1 would to day infinitely prefer having
separate elections.
In the Slate of Georgia, as I have elsewhere
stated, we have this peculiarity iu our election
laws: for the sake of puiil'ving the baifot box
and preventing fraud we number the ticket of
the voter wuh the same number as the name
" beaxs upon the election list. This facilitates
the scrutinizing of an election and arriving at
a corn ct ctiiiclusion as to whether it is a fair
or unfair election very accurately, and hence
the regulation was made. That, was the pur-
pose ot it. Now, I am not willing inyselt for
any body of men created by act of Congress,
appointed either by the judiciary or by any
otiiei functionary of the Government of the
United (States, to supervise the ballot box ot
the Mates, so far as the officials of the States
Me concerned in the election. 1 do not deny
the power, and the expediency even, of doing it
in relation lo the eleition ot Federal offic.aL ;
but 1 do not like the rule when it involves
an examination into the tickets upon which
appear ihe names of the candidates fot the
Legislature ot the State and county officers,
and oiher persons who may happen to be
elected on the same day. 1 was willing
though m the main to waive any particular
object ion in the case of Louisiana lor this one
year lor the sake of general convenience. I
do not know, I have not studied very dili-
gently the great frauds and interventions of
lawlessness t0 pievent a popular vote in the
Stale of Louisiana that have been referred to.
I am not familiar with that subject.
It is but, justice to some of the communities
in the State of Georgia that have been referred
to that I should say a word in regard to them. *
I will mention the county of Jones, which has
been referred to. There was no election poll
at, the court-house in Jones county at the
November election in 1868. They did not open
any polls whatever. The voters went almost
en masse over into the county of Bibb, only
thirteen miles distant, to the city of Macon,
and there voted. It will be found that in the
whole county of Jones there was a very small
vote, and that was a small number who went
to a remote precinct in the county near the
Jasper line. I am familiar with that locality,
because I live there. I know this was done
for the purpose of avoiding the large colored
vote that was in the county. They did not
open the polls at the town of Clinton, and the
colored voters were compelled to go to Macon,
where they augmented the Republican vote,
as will be seen by comparing the two elec
tions, the spring election and the election in
the fall.
There is a mistake in the table read by the
Senator from Indiana in regard to the county
of Richmond, where there is but one vote put
down as having been polhd for the Repub-
licans. The Republican party polled a very
considerable vote in that county in 1808 in both
the spring and fall elections. I know that
iu a great many counties theie were very few
persons who voted, and it was said at the time
it was because of apprehensions of violence.
I do i ot know whether they were well grounded
or ill-grounded apprehensions.
My only purpose in rising was to elicit in-
formation in regard to this particular point,
f would have preferred ihat there should be no
departure from the general rule of selecting all
the electors on a particular day, just as 1 would
prefer in the States that every election should
occur iti all the counties contemporaneously
instead of on different days. But probably iu
this case the game is hardly worth the candle.
If Louisiana were as great a State as New
York, and the result of the election there
might affect the result elsewhere, it might be
of greater moment. As it is 1 am rather indif-
ferent about it. I do not care much whether
it is adopted or not.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall vote against
this bill, and 1 desire to state the reasons why
I shall do so. I can well imagine that it might
oerhaps avoid some expense and inconvenience
iu Louisiana to have the two elections heid
on the same day. That is the evil which it is
said it is proposed to remedy by this bill. It
strikes me as somewhat singular that other
States similarly situated are not included in
lhis bill. The State of Pennsylvania, theSiate
of Ohio, the State of Indiana, and several
other States hold their elections for State oRi-
cersand lor Congressmen on differentdays from
that on which the presidential election is held.
If the only evil to be remedied iu this case is
that there shall be but one election held, I
cannot conceive why the law should not have
been made a general law extending to all the
States similarly situated. _ •
But 1 fear theie is something behind tilts.
I will not charge that there are improper mo-
tives actuaiinggentlernen who have introduced
this measure; but we know the influence which
party feeling has upon us all. I do not claim
to be exempt from it, and when I say that
Other Senators on this floor are actuated by
party feeling I attribute to ihem nothing but
that which I admit is true of myself. But it
leaked out in the debate on this bill yesterdiy,
I believe, that one of the objects was to extend
the protection of Federal authority to the
elections in Louisiana. As soon as I heard
that, my mind was made up that it was ail
improper bill to pass. _
Now, sir, the Piesident of the Lnited States
is to be a candidate, as is generally conceded,
at the next election for reflection, and it is pro-
posed in this bill to place in his hands the means
by which he may carry the election in the State
of Louisiana for himself in opposition to the
wishes of the people ofthat State if they desire
to vote against him. Is not that a dangerous
power to place in the hands of any man? I
am making no charges against GeneraJ Grant;
I am not saying that General Grant-will use
that power; but I say it is a sufficient objec-
tion to this bill that it proposes to place that
power in the hands of the President. Whether
he exercises it or not is a matter resting in his
discretion, but it is a dangerous thing for Con-
gress to invest him with such fearful power
that he may carry the State of Louisiana ill
favor of himself against all competitors.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senatorfrom
Delaware allow me to ask hitn a question?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. This bill, as I under-
stand it, provides for the election in Louisiana
the day before the general election. Now,
with the existence of the telegraph ail over
this country, I wish to ask my friend if he does
not believe that an attempt on the part of
Federal officers in Louisiana to use tins law
for any oppressive, unlawful, or fraudulent
purpose would be telegraphed all over the
country in six hours and would defeat General
Grant,?
Mr. SAULSBURY. So far as convening thai
information all over this Country is concerned)
if it was designed by the President of the
United States to use the power with which
you propose to invest him for the puipose of
carrying the election of electois in that State,
he wouFd take the means to prevent that, in-
formation being spread iu any quarter where
it might affect the election. Now, 1 submit
to the Senator from Wisconsin if he does not
believe that it is unwise legislation to invest
in the hands of the President of ihe United
States a power by which he can affect a single
vote in reference to the presidential election
if he himself is a candidate?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly; but there
is no such power placed in the hands of the
President by this bill. The only power con-
ferred upon the President by any law of Cou-
gress is to preserve order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Ah, sir, "you may
make a desert and call it peace 1" I have seen
in my own Stale something of this "preserv-
ing order." 1 have seen a military commander
deprive citizens, qualified under the constitu-
tion of the State, from voting by attempting to
prescribe additional qualifications by a military
order, and through that, very means 1 myself
was driven from the polls because 1 would not
recognize the right of a military commander
to determine my right to vote in my own
State. This matter of "preserving oid^r" is
the excuse. 1 would take ftom the President
the power to make any order; I would even
take from him the power to send the military
to any polls at a time when he himself was a
candidate, because that will be made the ex-
cuse for an interference with ihe elections in
Older to carry the elections. Such a fearful
power ought not to be placed in his hands
unless he is something beyond common
humanity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senatorfrom
Delaware allow me to read from a report that
is lying on our tables this morning to show how
power is used to preserve order?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I read as follows:
"Oa the day of election the town where the eleo-
tion was held was occupied by ao armed lorceunder
command of one Captain Richardson. Pickets were
st.Uioued on all the roads leading into town, and
persons coming in to vote were objiged to obtain a
pass from the military authorities."
That is the way they were permitted to vote
at the last election iu Texas, as it appears
from a report laid on our tables this morning.
Mr. SAULS BURY". . Yes, sir; and that was
the way they were permitted to vote id nay own
