1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1491
Mr. FLANAGAN. I do not ask any action
on the bill, but merely an opportunity to de-
liver some remarks.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is usually allowed to
every Senator, I think. I hope there will be
no objection in this case.
Mr. COLE. How long a time does the
Senator from Texas desire?
Mr. FLANA GAN. Thirty or forty minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the appropriation bill being informally
passed over for the purpose of allowing the
Senator from Texas to make remarks on a bill
interesting to his constituents ?
Mr. COLE. I prefer to leave it to a vote
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection. It requires unanimons
consent to pass the bill over, but a majority
can lay the bill on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose there is no
rule of the Senate that would prevent the hon-'
orable Senator from Texas from submitting
his remarks on the appropriation bill. That
would not be agreeable to him, however. He
wants to take up the other bill, in order that
his remarks may be more appropriate^' in
order. So I suggest to the Senator from Cali-
fornia that he cannot prevent the Senator from
Texas from making his remarks, and I think
courtesy requires that he should be allowed to
make them in the way he prefers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again ask if there is objection to passing over
the appropriation bill informally that the Sen-
ator from Texas may have the time he desires
to speak on a matter interesting to his constit-
uents. The Chair hears no objection, and the
regular order is passed over informally for the
length of time stated by the Senator from
Texas. Does the Senator desire to have the
bill read ?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I should like to have
it read.
The Secretary read the bill (S. No. 564)
providing for the cession by the State of Texas
of certain territory of that State to the United
States for Indian reservations, as follows:
Beit enacted, &c., That the President of the United
States he, and is hereby, authorized and directed to
submit to the Legislature of the State of Texas an
overture for the cession by the State of Texas to
•the United States of all that territory, rightly be-
longing to the said State, lying and being situate
north and west of a line drawn from the northwest
corner of Hardeman county, on the Red river, to the
mouth of the Pecos river, where the same emptios
into the Rio Grande del Norte.
Sec. 2. That the foregoing overture by Congress
shall be made upon the following conditions, to wit:
first, that the Legislature of the State of Texas
shall give its consent to the cession of said territory
for the present purposes of Indian reservations,
and also for the formation and erection therein of
new States, under the Constitution of the United
States, whenever the Congress may so provide;
secondly, that the United States shall pay to the
said State of Texas, at the rate of fifty cents per acre,
for all vacant and unappropriated lands within the
said territory, payable in four and one half per
cent, bonds of the United States, having not less
than thirty years to run, to be executed and issued
when the consent of the Legislature of Texas is duly
filed in the office of the Secretary of State, together
with certified transcripts of the maps and surveys in
said territory, showing the amount of vacant and
unappropriated land therein, one half of the total
amount of said bonds to remain in the United States
Treasury to secure any indebtedness already created
by the laws of Texas, the balance to be paid into
the State treasury and to constitute a part of the
public .school fund, as provided in tho constitution
of said State; thirdly, that the third paragraph of
the second section of the joint resolution for the
annexation of the republic of Texas, approved
March 1, 1845, providing for the formation of new
States, of convenient size, not exceeding four in
number, be, and the same is hereby, repealed, and
the State of Texas placed on an equal footing with
the other States in regard to the formation of new
States under the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, the
proposition I have had the honor to submit is
not entirely new, as will be seen by letters
written by Hon. L. D. Evans, who is now
chief justice of the supreme court of Texas,
written in the years 1867 and 1868, and which
will be placed upon the desks of Senators in
due time, and to which I invite the earnest
attention of the Senate, for this is a matter
of no small consideration.
I desire to say a few words upon the bill
which I have had the honor to present to the
Senate, providing for the cession of certain
territory by the State of Texas to the United
States for Indian reservations, and other pur-
poses. The subject presents a wide field for
thought and discussion. It may be said to
involve the history of our rise and progress as
a nation, the changes in our territorial pos-
sessions, the whole range of our Indian rela-
tions, the theories of parties as to the true
nature of our Constitution, and of the civil war
which grew out of these conflicting theories;
but on the present occasion it is only proposed
to touch upon those points more immediately
bearing upon the proposition.
When the Constitution of the United States
was framed the uftited colonies extended
along the Atlantic coast from Massachusetts
to the savannas of Georgia, this long line
being hemmed in by the British possessions
on the north, by those of Spain on the south,
and was shut up on the west by the Allegha-
nies, beyond which were to be found a cordon
of military posts of France. Thus the greater
portion of the present territory of the United
States belonged to the great Powers of Europe.
The Constitution made no direct provision for
the acquisition of any of this territory from the
European Powers, for the statesmen of the
Revolution foresaw but dimly, as in a glass,
the progress of the country and its future
necessities. It took but a short time, however,
to emerge from this darkness, and the dawn
of another era appeared, and with it began
our national development. Mr. Jefferson,
with a prescience and sagacity which place
him at the head of our American statesmen,
effected the purchase of Louisiana and the
Northwest Territory from France, sent Lewis
and Clarke on a voyage of discovery to the far-
off Oregon, and thus acquired the valley of
the Mississippi, and perfected our title upon
the shores of the Pacific. Florida was after-
ward acquired from Spain, thus completing
our possessions on the Gulf of Mexico from
the Sabine to Cape Sable.
These events established the acquisition of
territory as a principle of American policy.
Under this policy Texas was annexed to the
Union at the cost of a war with Mexico. The
war resulted in a still further " extension of
the area of freedom," to adopt the language
of that day. The attempt to violate this great
American principle by the secession of the
southern States met with deserved disaster.
No statesman nor party has been able to stand
against this principle. The Federal party
went down upon it in the days of Jefferson,
and Mr. Clay and the Whig party in our own
day. This is our Medean and Persian law
which cannot be changed. It is the living and
vital principle of otq> politics, and is to-day
looking forward not only toward Santo Do-
mingo, but to other isles and to other lands.
And it is to this principle that we can trace
the fact that throughout the South during the
whole period of the rebellion there existed a
body of intelligent, firm, and determined Union
men, who believed in their nationality and
who stood by it through evil and good report.
Great national ideas are necessary to the
existence of great nations; the one cannot
live without the vitalizing influence of the
other. We have established a Government
based on the fundamental principle that all
men are created equal, which principle has
been realized by the black man, as it may yet
be realized by the red man. We have rid our-
selves of European ideas of government as we
have of its territorial dominion, and our civil
as well as our territorial policy should be ruled
and controlled by American principles. We
have only one forbidden tree, the office of Pres-
ident of the United States, the fruit whereof
may not be enjoyed by any European or for-
eigner, and we are asked to pluck it up. Adam
was only forbidden the fruit of a single tree;
he violated the law and fell. Let us beware
the tongue of the serpent and not place our-
selves at the mercy of foreign intrigues and
ambition, but press onward with our American
civilization by means of the American princi-
ple of acquisition.
This American policy of acquisition has
been carried out in various ways. Virginia,
the mother of States as well as of statesmen,
made a donation of her northwest territory.
Louisiana, Florida, Arizona, and Alaska were
purchased from foreign nations. Oregon was
obtained by right of discovery, Texas was
annexed, and California was, in effect, a
conquest. Only in the case of New Mexico
has the nation acquired domain by purchase
from one of the States of the Union.
The only mistake then made was in not
paying a greater price and buying the whole
of the vacant and unappropriated domain of
Texas. All the vacant land in the Union
ought to be under the operation of general
and uniform laws, which can only be effected
by bringing them under the national jurisdic-
tion. By such a policy only can they be saved
from becoming the plunder of land specu-
lators and jobbers. Whenever the nation has
parted with its jurisdiction in public lands to
any of the States, they have become the prey
of speculators. An examination of the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office for the year 1870 will show that
60,317,586 acres of land have been selected
by the States under the acts of Congress
ceding swamp and overflowed lands to the
respective States within which they are situ-
ated.
These swamp-land laws were gotten up and
carried through by the sagacious southern pol-
iticians who then controlled the Congress and
ruled the destinies of the nation. A slight
sketch of the purpose of these laws and what
has resulted Irom them will illustrate the
genius of the Democratic party and the benefi-
cence of good old Democratic rule. It will
require but a casual glance at the map to show
that the great body of swamp and overflowed
lands, so called, are to be found along the
rivers emptying into the Gulf of Mexico, in-
cluding the Father of Waters and his tributaries,
and the greater part of these swamp lands are
upon the lower course of these streams, or in
the southern States. They aie the richest
lands m this nation, and the best cotton-pro-
ducing lands iu the world. Long ago, before
the purchase of Louisiana by Jefferson, many
of these lands had been reclaimed and culti-
vated. They are subject at times to tempo-
rary overflows, but it only requires cutting
down the timber and exposing them to the
sun, with proper drainage, to bring them into
full cultivation, with the exception of those on
the Mississippi, which river has to be leveed.
These are the lands which have been given
away with prodigal hand.
So long as they remained under the national
jurisdiction, it was difficult for the astute
Democratic politicians of the South to possess
themselves of them. It was a little too bare-
faced to ask them at such a figure as they
desired, and that might have produced unwel-
come competition. They were, therefore, rep-
represented as worthless unless they could be
reclaimed by a system of levees, and under
Democratic theories, the Government could
not aid in internal improvements, hence they
must be ceded to the States, where there would
be no constitutional prohibition to their recla-
mation. The Congress being composed of
representatives from all the States, with their
varied interests could not be manipulated, but
a State Legislature, composed of the leigemen
and henchmen ofthegreat southern Democratic
secession apostles, would be amenable to rea-
son. And so it proved. The Legislatures gen-
erally fixeid<a very moderate price on the lands.
Then they enacted laws providing for the issu-
ance of levee scrip, to-be sold to build levees,
