1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
also a resolution offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] calling for informa-
tion in reference to the State of Kentucky,
have had the' same under consideration, and
have directed me to report a resolution as a
substitute for both.
Mr. BECK. X desire at this point to make
a parliamentary inquiry. Both these resolu-
tions now reported upon were House resolu-
tions. Now I desire to inquire whether or not
it is proper for a joint, committee of the two
Houses to offer a substitute varying altogether
a resolution sent to them, and have it received
as a report, when in fact a majority of the
members of this House on the committee were
opposed to it;'in other words, whether a joint
committee can send a House resolution back
to ns by the votes of Senators?
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to ap-
prehend clearly the point made by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. Is it that a majority
of the members of this joint committee who
are members of the House are opposed to
this report ?
Mr. BECK. Opposed to the substitute.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The record of the com-
mittee shows that.
The SPEAKER. That raises a question
which is a very important one in legislation, as
to the proper mode of voting in joint com-
mittees.
M r. COX. I was about to make a suggestion
on that point. As the House knows, on joint
committees, constituted of course of members
of both Houses, there are generally a smaller
number on the part of the Senate, and a larger
number on the part of the House 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule upon
the-point.
Mr. BECK.- I merely wish to submit the
inquiry, as the question may comeup hereafter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules distinctly
that in, a joint committtee the members of one
branch cannot, by numbers, force upon the
members of the other branch a report. Other-
wise, the power of one branch would be entirely
subordinated to that of the other. As the gen-
tleman from New York was about to remark,
joint committees, as usually constituted, em-
brace a larger number of members from this
House (H being the more numerous body) than
from the Sena e. On any other principle than
that which the Chair has just stated, the smaller
number from the Senate might at any time
be outnumbered by the votes of the members
of the House. The Chair rules that where
there is no special rule to the conirary (such
a rule does exist in certain State Legislatures)
it is necessary that in a joint committee the
members of each branch should vote sepa-
rately, and that the vote of the committee
should be concurrent.
Mr. DAWES. Mr, Speaker, it seems to me
that it is impossible for one branch to instruct
a joint committee. That must be done by the
joint action of the two Houses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman tbat the resolution in this case was
not a resolution of instruction. It has not been
against the practice for either House, acting
separately, to refer a matter to a joint com-
mittee ; it ha>! been the habit in botli branches
to make references in that way, although the
Chair would perhaps agree with the gentleman
from Massachusetts that even a reference to
a joint committee is irregular, unless both
branches join in the reference. It would be
decidedly beyond the power of either branch
to instruct; but a simple reference by one
branch without the concurrence of the other
has been allowed, because, as members are
aware, a mere reference does not involve any-
thing very important. But as to action in a
joint committee, (if that be the point raised
by the gentleman from Kentucky,) the Chair
has 110 hesitation in ruling that it must be by
a concurrent vote, and not by a mere majority
of the whole committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose a joint commit-
tee consists of two members from one House
and one from the other, would it be within the
power of that one member to veto all action
that might be taken by the other two?
The SPEAKER. That one member, the
Chair reminds the gentleman, would represent
an entire branch. The case the gentleman
supposes does not affect the question. It is
for each branch to say how many members
it will have on a joint committee; and that
number, whether one or more, represents the
body appointing it.
Mr. A1AYNARD. Then the one member
could neutralize the action of the other two ?
The SPEAKER. As a matter of course he
could, subject, however, to review by the two
branches.
Mr. POLAND. I think the House may
labor under a misapprehension from what the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has
said. If it be proper for me to state what took
place in the committee in reference to this mat-
ter I will do so, and it will relieve this from
all difficulty.
Mr. BECK. There can be no objection.
.The SPEAKER. On the question of fact
the Chair has no knowledge.
Mr. COX. There is no objection to stating
the facts before the committee by any member
of the committee.
Mr. POLAND. In the committee this sub-
stitute, or something like it, was offered for
Mr. Beck's resolution by Mr. Stevenson, of
the committee, and the majority of the com-
mittee voted to make this substitution. The
yeas and nays were called on that motion,
but precisely what were the yeas and nays I
am not able to state.
Mr. BECK. I have the record of the clerk.
Mr. POLAND. After having adopted this
substitute, various motions to amend it were
made, upon which the yeas and nays were
called. But after it was amended in various
particulars by votes taken by yeas and nays it
was adopted without division, without calling
the yeas and nays, and I was, by unanimous
vote of that committee, directed to make this
report to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will advise the
gentleman from Vermont that wherever there
is a dispute between two members of a com-
mittee as to whether it be the report of the
committee, that is submitted to the House, and
the question will be, will the House regard
this as the report of the committee?
Mr. POLAND. I apprehend there will be
110 controversy in reference to the fact being
as I state it: that although there were several
votes taken by yeas and nays, (and whether on
those votes there was a majority of the members
of the House voting for them, I am not able to
state,) the vote was unanimous directing me
to make this report.
Mr. BECK. There was not a majority on
the other votes.
Mr. POLAND. On the final vote directing
me to report this resolution to the House, the
yeas and nays were not taken. It was the
unanimous vote of the committee. I apprehend
there will be no controversy in relation to that.
Whatever may be the fact in reference to any
preliminary vote is a matter of no importance,
because the committee, members of both
Houses being present, unanimously instructed
me to report this resolution.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. There was a vote on
the substitution.
Mr. POLAND. I have already stated, on
the substitution of this resolution, or some-
thing like it, in place of that offered by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] the
yeas and nays were taken. Precisely what
the vote was on that question I am not able to
state. Having adopted this substitute after
various amendments on motion of various
members of the committee, on the final vote
instructing me to report this resolution to the
House, the vote was unanimous, the yeas and
nays not having been taken.
Mr. DAWES. How does this question
come before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair Will state that
whenever a report is made, if a member of a
committee objects to its being received as the
report of the^committee he has the right, to
make that objection. The Chair understands
the gentlemau from Kentucky to object to this
being the legitimate report of the Committee.
Mr. DAWES. That does not reach my
inquiry. Can any member of a committee in
that way produce the proceedings of a com-
mittee before the House against the standing
rule of the House?
The SPEAKER. A member has the right
to make the point that the report is not the
report of the committee, and the Chair must
submit the question to the House. It is a
question which the rules do not allow the
Chair to decide.
Mr. DAWES. Are we to countenance the
idea here that at any time the proceedings of
the committee-room can be produced here
upon the call of any member?
The SPEAKER. Where there is no point
made as to the legitimacy of the report it is
contrary to parliamentary law to obtrude any-
thing from the committee-room before the
House; but if there be a difpute between two
members as to what is the report of a commit-
tee; it is a question for the House to decide
which is correct, and in order to do so it is
necessary to know the proceedings before the
committee.
Mr. RANDALL. Unanimous consent was
given.
The SPEAKER. It does not require unan-
imous consent; it is a right.
Mr. BKCK. I desire to make a statement
to the House, in the correctness of which I
think the chairman of the committee will
concur. When the question was taken in com-
mittee on reporting to the House the resolution
of the gentleman trom Ohio [Mr Stevenson]
as a substitute for tlwt offeivd in the House
by myself, the yeas and nays w,-re called, and
being taken, the yeas were 8 and the nays
6 ; they were so recorded by the clerk. Pour
members of the House and four of the Senate
voted to authorize the substitution. Five mem-
bers of the House and one member of the
Senate opposed it. The substitute was there-
fore lost, if the votes of members of the House
had the right to control it. In the substitute
there was a provision for an inquiry as to the
State of Kentucky. I moved to strike that
out. Five members of the House voted to
strike that out, four to keep it in. An amend-
ment was made to add the State of Indiana,
and for an inquiry into her troubles Four
members of the House voted against inserting
that amendment, and five voted to insert it,; ana
it was kept out by the votes of Senators. Then
amendments were put in extending the inquiry
over Louisiana and el-ewhere, as 1 thought,
going away from the object for which the com-
mittee was instituted. When the question on
the adoption and reporting of the siibslitut-e
was taken, I, for one, voted against it, aud
one Senator, I know, did so.
I therefore made the point, of order, desiring
to know what the powers of the members
of the other House, particularly in joint, com-
mittees, are—not so much to bring up this case
as to determine what, our rights are in all mat-
ters that may come up hereafter; for we may
have very important questions of this kind
before we get through. I make the point of
order on this really to settle the prac ice for
our future guidance, rather than to object par-
ticularly to this report. It is perfectly certain
that the substitute now reported by the chair-
man was lost, so far as the votis of members
were concerned, and all proceedings subse-
quent to its substitutiou for my resolution were
void if Senators had no right to determine or
