1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4179
found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed tbe same :
An act (H. 11. No. 2683) to grant addi-
tional compensation to tbe marshal of the dis-
trict of South Carolina; and
An act (II. 11. 2848,) authorizing the First
National Bank of Annapolis to change its loca-
tion and name.
sutro tunnel.
Mr, KENDALL. Mr. Speaker, I am in-
structed by the Committee oil Mines and Mill-
ing, to whom was referred House bill No. 1173,
to aid in the construction of the Sutro tunnel
from the proceeds of the sale of mineral lands,
to report a bill in lieu of the one referred,
together with ihe testimony which has been
taken bel'oie the committee, and also the con-
clusions of the committee as embraced in a
report.
Tbe committee have given the subject a full
and thorough investigation. The commission-
ers who examined the Sutro tunnel by author-
ity of a resolution passed at the first session
ot this Congress were examined as witnesses
before the committee in reference to the feasi-
bility and progress of the work, and its value
in facilitating and developing the mining in-
dustry and resources of the country. There
were also before the committee other gentle-
men repiesenting the best mming science and
expeiieiice, whose testimony taken in connec-
tion with that of the commissioners makes a
full and exhaustive statement of the facts.
This testimony is too voluminous for any
adequate examination by this House at this
late day of the session.
The committee therefore ask no action on
this measure at the present session of Con-
gress; but in order that the House may be in
possession of all the facts, and be enabled to
give the matter due consideration at an early
day ot' the next session, 1 am instructed to
ask that the bill, the report of the committee,
and the testimony and accompanying papers
be printed, and that the bill be recommitted,
not to be brought back into the House by a
motion to reconsider.
No objection was made; and accordingly the
bill CEl- 14- 2966) was received and read a
first and second time, with the report and testi-
mony ordered to be printed, and recommitted
to tbe Committee on Mines and Mining.
.removal of political disabilities.
Mr. SLOSS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce, for consideration at this time, a bill
to remove the political disabilities of George
S. Houston, Joseph Wheeler, John A. Camp-
bell, James L. Pugh, and Johu R. Bartwell,
of Alabama.
Mr. MAYNAED. nave those persons pre-
sented petitions to have their disabilities re-
moved '1
Mr. HAYS. They have.
Mr. WALLS. 1 desire to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. SLOSS. I have no objection to having
another name put in the bill.
Mr. WALLS. I desire to move an amend-
ment, which 1 send to the Clerk's desk to be
read.
The Clerk began the reading of the amend-
ment, which appeared to be the civil rights
bill now pending ou the Speaker's table.
Mr. BECK. 1 object to the amendment
being read.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I object to the
introduction or the passage of this Ml, if gen
tiemen are going to object to hearing an amend-
ment i ead.
Mr. WALLS. If thereis objection to giving
the colored people their rights, I am going to
object to the removal of political disabilities.
1 have voted heretofore for every bill for the
removal of political disabilities; yet, every
time there has been an attempt to remove
the disabilities of my people, there has been
objection.
Mr. SLOSS. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the bill.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes CG, noes 11; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sloss and Mr.
Maynard were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 75, noes 9.
Mr. BECK. I move a call of the House.
Mr. YOUNG. I move that the House now
take a recess until half past seven.
The SPEAKER. The motion to take a
recess does not take precedence of a motion
for a call of the House.
Mr. YOUNG. I will withdraw the motion
for a recess.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks there
is a quorum in the House if gentlemen will
only vote.
Mr. BECK. I will withdraw my motion for
a call of the House.
The tellers continued their count, and finally
reported that there were—ayesOG, noes 27.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill (H. R. No.
2967) was passed.
frederick P. dimpfbl.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask leave to report from
the Committee on Patents, for consideration at
this time, Senate bill No. 156, for the relief of
Frederick P. Dimpfel.
The bill, which was read, provides for ex-
tending the patent granted July 10, I860, to
Frederick P. Dimpfel for an improvement in
steam boilers, for seventeen years from and
after July 16, .1871, and provides that all
persons who have engaged in the manufacture
or use of the invention since the expiration
of the patent shall be authorized to continue
the same, notwithstanding the passage of the
act.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I understand that
this bill proposes the extension of a patent.
Is it reported from any committee?
The SPEAKER. It is reported by the
chairman of the Committee on Patents, [Mr.
L. Myers.]
Mr. L. MYERS. As gentlemen seem to
desire an explanation of this measure, I ask
the attention of the House while 1 make a
brief statement. This is a hill for the exten-
sion of a steam-boiler patent. During the
last Congress it, passed the Senate, and in the
House was unanimously reported by the Com-
mittee on Patents, who considered it one of
the most meritorious cases that had ever come
before them. But it was not acted on by
the House in that Congress because it was
not reached ; it lay upon the Speaker's table.
The Senate passed the bill again during this
session, and after consideration by the Com-
mittee on Patents of this House 1 have been
unanimously instructed to report it. The in-
vention is one of great value to the country.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a question of order :
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
L. Myers] is not in his seat, and that there
is so much confusion in the Hall that we
cannot hear him.
Mr. L. MYERS. Very well; then I will
call the previous question.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I hope the bill will
notpass, if we cannothave an explanation of it.
Mr. L. MYERS. 1 prefer to go on with my
explanation if the House is willing to hear me.
Mr. BECK. I insist the gentleman shall
not. proceed until the House comes to order.
Mr. L. MYERS, (after a pause ) If there
are no further inquines about the bill, I call
lor the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The bill can only be
passed under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. L. MYEUS. I move, then, to suspend
the rules and pass the biil.
The question being taken on the motion,
there were—ayes 41, noes 85 ; no quorum vot-
ing-
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. L. Mfers
and Mr. Fisrklxbuuq were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 82, noes 48.
Mr. L. MYERS. This is tlie unanimous
report of the Committee on Patents ; it is a just
case, and I deem it my duty to call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the motion to suspend the rules was
not agreed to.
promotions in staff departments.
Mr. COBURNT. 1 have heendirected by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report with
amendments, and ask the House to pass the
bill (S. No. 9!)6) to repeal so much of section
six of an act entitled "'An act making appro-
priations for the suppoit of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1870, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1869, us prohibits
promotions iu the staff departments of the
Army. The committee has struck out all of
the bill relating to every staff department ex-
cept the engineer department. The engineer
corps has an immense amount of work to do
in the survey of rivers and harbors. There
are fourteen vacancies existing in that depart-
ment, and this bill authorizes promotious to
be made and vacancies to be filled.
The engineer's corps is not only very efficient
and useful, but is one of the hardest, worked
branches of ihe Government. These officers
are thoroughly skilled and scientific, arc the
pride of the Army, and an honor to the whole
country. I know of no men more deserving,
none more capable, and none more useful.
The amount of work assigned tliein is daily
increasing, is of an important character, and
of great value to the whole country.
The bill was read. It provides for the
repeal of so much of section six of the act of
March 3, I860, as prohibits promotions in the
Adjnlant, General's department, ill the Inspect-
or General's department,, in the pay depart-
ment, in the quartermaster's department, in
the commissary department, in the ordnance
department, in tbe engineer department, and
in the medical department. But this act is
not to authorize-new appointments to places
made vacant by promotions under the act, nor
to authorize promotions above the grade ol
major.
Mr. COBURN". I ask that the amendment
reported by the committee be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the words " in the Adjutant General'3
department, in the Inspector tieuerur& department,
iu the pay department, iu tbe quartermaster's de-
partment, m the commissary department, hi tha
ordnance depaitinent,;" strike out also the words
"and in the medical department; " atso the words
" that nothing herein shall authorize new appoint-
ments to places m-de vacant by promotions under
this act: and provided also;" so that the bill will
read as to Mows ; .
JJe it enactf'd, ttc.. That so much of section six of an
act entitled "An act making appropriations for tha
support of the Army for the year emlinsr Juno SO,
1870, and tor other purposes." approved March 3,
lb&), as prohibits promotions in the engineer depart-
ment, he, and the same isheieby, repealed. 1'nmidvd,
That nothing herein shall authorize promotions in •
said departments above the grade of major.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
aik the gentleman a question I suppose
from the bdl as 1 heard it rend it, ought to
pass. I know the engineer corps have the
whole burden of river and harbor duty beside
the regular engineer duty of the Army proper
on then hands and n quire a larger lorce than
any other stall'corps, it I supposed tins were
gong to a committee of conference ot the
two Houses, and we ran art.sk ill giung up any
other part of the staff corps and opening it up
to promotion. I should feel it the duty of the
House to resist even this. I wish to say that
being familiar with the bill winch slopped
the-,e pr-mottons, being on the coofeience
committee which agreed to it, 1 have followed
the history ofthat bill, and nothing has enabled
us to bring down the staff corps of the Army
