3284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
State in the year 1862. Why, sir, I saw the
military force that was sent into the State of
Delaware, ostensibly for the purpose of pre-
serving the peace at the polla, when there was
no occasion whatever for the appearamee of a
single military officer or soldier there, charge
upon the polls in my own town and drive the
citizens from the polls. I saw one man
knocked down by the point of a Federal bay-
onet., who was taken up and brought into my
own office. Talk notthen to me about "preserv-
ing peace" by the presence of military power
at elections, when 1 have witnessed its opera-
tion in my own State and felt it in my own
person ! If you propose to carry the election
by military power say so.
The Senator from Indiana, I believe it was,
this morning referred to the dissensions in the
Republican ranks in the State of Louisiana.
Why was not your measure proposed before
Governor Warmoth seceded from his alle-
giance to President Grant? May there not
be something in the fact that Governor War-
moth, with a strong party at his back, was
represented in the Cincinnati convention, and
is there not a fear that because of that fact
thai State may not cast her electoral vote for
President Grant?
Air. CARPENTER. Allow me to inter-
rupt the Senator once more, for the purpose of
quieting his fears, for I know he is distressed
on this subject. Let mo say to him that my
recollection is that this bill in substance was
reported IVom t,bo Judiciary Committee months
ago, with the honorable Senator from Illinois
chaii'inar. of the committee. It never occurred
to him, it did not to me, it did not to any other
member of that committee, that there was any
"cat under the meal," or "nigger in the
fence." It seemed to us to be a perfectly
reasonable proposition, and 1 believe we were
unanimous in favor of it. The bill was moved
in December. So that I can say to my friend
the Cincinnati convention has not had the
slightest ell'ect on the friends of the bill. It
does seem to have distressed the SeualorlVom
Illinois in some way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think 1 ever
agreed to this bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think you did. 1
may be mistaken ; but I understood there was
no dissent in committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not think I ever
agreed to it.
Mr. CARPENTER. My impression is that
you reported it. 1 may be mistaken. 1 know
it was discussed in committee, and I never
heard any opposition to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I reported the bill
back and had it referred, according to my rec-
ollection, to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
Mr. KELLOGG. That was at this session.
The Committee on Privileges and Elections
was not, in existence at the last session.
Mr. CARPENTER. At tin; last session 1
understand this bill was reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary but never acted on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not remember it.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 may be mistaken,
but that is my recollection.
Mr. KELLOGG. It was.
Mr CARPENTER. So that my friend
from Delaware need not be alarmed on the
particular point which is distressing him at
present.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I confess to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin 1 have my fears excited
whenever 1 see an attempt made to interfere
with the fairness ot elections by interposing
military power at the polls, and let me say to
him that his statement has not proved a sooth-
ing sirup. I do not propose to accept as a
sufficient explanation the fact that this bill was
introduced in December, and was suffered to
lie heie still-born until alter Governor War-
moth seceded from the Republican party and
identified his fortunes with the candidate of
Cincinnati. Then it must have occurred to
Senators that something was necessary to be
done or Warmoth would carry Louisiana for
Greeley and not for Grant.
I have stated my fears in reference to this
measure. I shall watch during this campaign,
as the honorable Senator seems to think that
as a campaign approaches men's fears are
excited—I shall watch with a strict vigilance
every movement of the friends of the Presi-
dent, when I see them attempting to fix elec-
tions so that, if they have a disposition to do
it, they may control them in the interest of the
President of the United States.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is written in some
old book (I forget now exactly what) that
innocence is unsuspecting. If there be any
truth in that maxim, the suspicions that are
disturbing the Democratic party at present
are exceedingly discreditable to that party.
All the power that General Grant has to-day
he has had for months. This bill proposes to
give him no power whatever for any purpose
whatever. Now, in what instance has General
Grant abused the trust that Congress has
reposed in him? Why is it that my honor-
able friend who has just taken his seat is
alarmed for fear that this election in Louisi-
ana is to be carried by military force ? It is
an election that must precede the general
election, if this bill should pass, and the news
of any fraud or intervention on the part of the
Army, or of any military force except in such
a case as would be justified by every man in
the land, would be telegraphed all over this
Union, and if anything could defeat General
Grant's reelection, that would be certain to
do it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the honorable
Senator if he does not suppose that any action
of the President of the United States in that
regard would be apologized for, excused, pal-
liated, justified by his ..dheients, and denied
if necensaty?
Mr. CARPENTER. No, Mr. President.
The Senator from Delaware is losing his con-
fidence, not only in General Grant, but in the
intelligence of the American peojile and the
rectitude of human nature, as my friend from
Indiana [Mr. MoutoN ] suggests. I appeal to
my old Democratic friends not to give up
everything that was characteristic of the Dem-
ocratic party. Do not give upyonr confidence
in the sense of the people. The American
people are not in any danger of being deceived
or fooled.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will say to my friend
from Wisconsin that I have not lost all my
faith in the doctrine of the final perseverance
ol the saints, politically, and 1 hope the day
may still come when lie will be back among
his old friends. [Laughter.]
Mr. CARPENTER. If it ever does, it
will beat a lime when the Democratic party has
passed through such an absolution of the past
and opened its eyes to such glories in the
future as we can hardly conceive for it just
now. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. The baptism of fire.
Mr. CARPENTER. The baptism of fire
if is now passing through. What effect that
may produce upon it in future years I will not
predict, but it does seem to me that nothing
m this world but a chronic determination
that no business shall be done in this Senate
without a political discussion could ever have
started this discussion upon this bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
mo a word ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Always.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have remarked in the
Senator a considerable degree of care and of
fairness in his discussions. I ask him who it
was that gave a political character to the dis-
cussion ot this bill ? I ask him if it was not
the Senator from Indiana when he avowed
upon this floor that one effect of it, perhaps he
Said the object of it, was to give, as he said,
indirectly tile protection of the Federal laws
and the Federal power to a State election ?
Mr. CARPENTER. The drift of that ques-
tion would rather indicate that I was pursuing
an improper line of remark, and perhaps I
am. It would Took as though I was blaming
some Senators, and my friend desires to locate
it somewhere. I have no such purpose. I am
as fallible in this particular as any other man.
I do love a row just as well as anybody,
whether it be political or any other kind, and
I am just as easily switched into a political
discussion. I was rather apologizing for my-
self than blaming anybody else when I was
deprecating my own political remarks upon a
mere business question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before this question is
taken I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate and of the country, so that I shall oblige
my friend from Illinois, to this alleged inter-
ference by force in an election in Texas and
to this military surveillance of it which he
referred to in reading from a House report. I
do not wish to occupy time, but I wish to read
the whole upon that subject, which makes the
horse of a slightly different color so far as the
effect goes from that seen by my honorable
friend from Illinois. The report says:
'* The colored voters generally failed to vote, so
that only 28 votes were cast for Clark, to 1,153 for
Giddings. That a state of excitement and fear ex-
isted in this county about the time of the election,
is clear. A collision occurred between some colored
policemen and certain white men, which resultedin
the death of one of the latter, and the wounding of
one of theformer. This produced great excitement,
and was followed by a general uprising and arming
of both whites and blacks. On the day of election
the town whero the election was held was occupied
by an armed force under command of one Captain
Richardson. Pickets werestationed on all theroads
loading into town, and persons coming in to vote
were obliged to obtain a pass from the military au-
thorities. Although the witnesses say that all voters
wero permitted to come and go in peace, and that
(lie freedmen were urged to vote, yet it is clear that
they abstained from doing so for reasons which most
men would consider good and sufficient."
That seems to be brought forward by the
honorable Senator from Illinois to show that
the President of the United States, or some-
body acting under his real or supposed author-
ity, direct or indirect, had taken possession
of the voting place and set pickets around it,
and undertook to regulate who should come
in and who should go out; whereas when you
read the whole context you perceive that there
was a somewhat not infrequent action of a
State riot in Texas between the citizens of
Texas preceding the day of the election by a
little while, which resulted in a general up-
rising and arming of blacks and whites, and
in the necessity of the intervention, under the
Governor of the State, of the State militia for
the preservation of order, The militia occu- '
pied that town, and in the course of their
occupation this operation took place. Now,
what has that to do with this bill or any other
act that Congress has ever passed ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I re-
ferred to it to show what a condition of things
there was in Texas, and that the military had
been interfering there, and I understand that
the military authority there was upheld by the
United States, that Governor Davis, the Gov-
ernor of the State was sustained by the Fed-
eral Government in his action there, and in
giving certificates. I do not know what the
Federal Government had to do with giving cer-
tificates, but I understand that the Governor
down there gave certificates to men whose vote
was less by many thousands than those who
were elected. I read from that report to snow
what a condition of things existed, and how in
some localities the military had been used. _ I
care not whether it is used by State authority
or by Federal authority, no people can be said
to be free in the exercise of the elective fran-
chise that have to walk through bayonets and
obtain passes from the mili'ary before they can
vote. I am as much opposed to it on the part
of a State, if I had any power to control it, as
