4180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
until that bill was passed, We bad at the
end ot the war an enormous stuff corps in
proportion to the size of our Army. We had
a s aft' corps equal to an army of a million
men.' Rank had been increased all through
the corps, and the number ot staff officers had
increased, arid very properly, for a time of war
It was exceedingly difficult after the war closed
to find any means by which to shave down and
trim its vast proportions to a time of peace.
There was nothing but to cut off promotions
where vacancies were caused by death, resig-
nation, or ihe ordinary casualties ot the service
in order to bring this enormous staff corps
down to the proportions of peace. Not a ses-
sion since then but we have been appealed to
again and again to repeal that very just law
preventing those promotions.
Mr. BAYS. Is this debatable?
The SPJSA KEii. It is not.
Mr. HAYS. Then 1 object.
Mr. CO BURN. I wish to say a word.
Mr. HAY^. I object to debate.
Mr. C013QRN. This is a very much over-
wotked department, having the entire charge
of river and harbor improvements, beside
the ordinary engineer duties.
I am sure tliat ihn whole country appre-
ciates the services of the engineer corps. Their
labors extend all over the land, and their
sphere of usefulness is almost unlimited- The
present vacancies should be tilled by promo-
tion, and meritorious young officers be put in
these places. The duties of these officers are
semi-civil iti their nature, and their place Can
only be supplied from the Army. 1 wish it
were possible to put all the coast survey as
well as rivers and harbors under this corps,
and would if I could enlarge it to that
end.
The SPEAKER. Debate has been object-
ed to.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the bill was passed.
claims agknts and attorneys.
Mr, BKClv. 1 wish to introduce a bill to
regiilaietho compensation of agents and attor-
neys pro>eeuUng claims or demands before
Congress or the Executive Departments of
the Government, and for other purposes.
The bdl, wliicii was le.id, m thefiist section
provides that iruiu and after the passage of
the act no person shnll be permitted to appear
or act as agent or attorney for any individual,
body politic or corpora e, relative to any claim
or demand against the United States, culler
before Congress or any committee thereof, or
before any Department of the Government,
when either he or any other person lias any
iniriest, directly or indirectly, in said claim
'or ileinund, or any agieemeut for compensa-
tion for sei vices in obtaining payment of such
claim or demand, until such agent or attorney
shall file with thepioper committee of Con-
gress or the proper officer of the Departments,
a statement on oath, in writing, of the amount
and character of compensation, which the
claimant haw agreed to pay for service-* ren-
dered relative to said claim, and no greater
sum than the amount thus stated shall be col-
lectible out of or because of services rendered
concerning said claim or demand. All other
and further agreements for the payment of ad-
ditional compensation relative to t he collection
ot said claim or demand shall be null and
void. If any money or other thing of value
is paid, directly or indirectly, by the claimant,
or any one for him, to any person or persons,
beyond the amount so filed, or otherwise than
as stated in said paper required to be filed as
aforesaid, it may be recovered by any person
suing for t he same from the person so receiving
it, or from any person interested in the pay-
ment so made by suit in any court of the Uni-
ted Stales, one half of which recovery shall be
paid to the person suing therefor, ami the
oth< r half shall be paid into the Treasury of
the United SiHtes. And all persons duecily
or indirectly receiving any compensation in
excess of or otherwise than asset forth in said
statement, required to be filed as aforesaid,
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on con-
viction before any court of the United States
shall be fined not less than $1,000, and may.
in addition thereto, beitnprisoned for any tune
not exceeding one year at the discretion of the
court ; provided that no allowance for com-
pensation to agents or attorneys shall exceed
ten per cent, of the amount of such claim or
demand in any case whatever, either before
Congress or the Executive Departments of the
Government, and the amount of allowance,
under the amount of percentage above sta'ed,
shall be subject to the orders ot the Depart-
ments or of the Congress allowing oroideiing
payment of such claim or demand.
The second section provides that no officer
or cleik who has been, is. or may be employed
in any capacity whatever in atiy of the Depart-
ments or bureaus of the Government of the
United States shall, either while in such office
or for two years after his retirement there-
from, accept any employment from, render
any services, or give any information to any
person, body politic or corporate, relative to
any claim against the United States or other
matter which mtghr, have come before, or have
been considered by the Department, or any
officer or bureau therein, in which he is, has
been, or may be employed ; and all contracts
made or to be made whereby money or any
other thing of value is agreed to be paid to
such person, or to any one else for such ser-
vices, are hereby declared null and void; and
any money which may be paid to such person
or persons may be recovered by any person
suing for the same within fiv5 years after the
discovery of ihr; fact that such payment has
been made, which suit may be biought in any
court of the United Stales in the name of the
United States, at the cost of the paity insn-
tutmg it, one half of the amount so recovered
to be for the use of the party suing, and the
other half shall be paid into the L'reasuty of
the United States. Any person violating the
provisions of tins bill shall be guilty of a mis
demeanor, and on conviction thereof before
any court of the United States shall be lined
not less than $1,000, and may in addition
theieto be imprisoned for any time not ex-
ceeding one year, in the discretion of the
coui t.
The third section provides that from and
after the passage of this bill all persons filing
claims of any kind against the United States,
betorc any ot the Executive Departments of the
Government, shall be required to verify the
truth of the petition on which the claim is
based, and shall, unless when officii state-
ments ai e made, support it by written state-
ments sworn to by the witnesses. No objec-
tions to the payment of such claims shall be
received by any officer of any Department
other than official statements, unless such ob-
jection is in writing, signed and sworn to by
the paity making it, setting forth distinctly
the facta upon which such objection is based.
Wh^-n siu h objection is fouuoed on in tot ma-
rion of otht rs, it shall disclose the names of
the informants as wtli asiiie information. All
false statements made by any person, either to
sustain or defeat such claims, shall be deemed
perjury and punished as such. All i he papers
[>eitainiug to such claims .--hall be open tor the
inspection of the claimant or his or her
legally authoiized attorney, and any officer
in any Department who re.uses to allow &ueh
examination to be made shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor in office, and on c mviction may
may be fined not exceeding $1,000, in fhe
discretion of the couit.
Mr. BECK. I move to suspend the rules
and pass that bill.
Mr. 13! NGHAM. I hope it will be referred.
Mr. PE 1 ElIS. It was before the Judiciary
Committee and received no favor, and ought
not to pass.
Mr. BECK. There are just three points in
the bill. The first is 
Mr. PEliCE. I object to debate.
Mr. BECK. I do not expect any favor
for the hill from anybody who is a friend of
the lobby thieves.
A divison having been taken viva voce, the
Speaker announced that, in his opinion, two
thirds had not voted in the affirmative.
Mr. BECK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays weie ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 70, nays 04, not voting 76; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Barnura,
Beatty, Deck, Bell, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Au-ttu
ULur, James G. Blair, Bruxton, Blight, Brooks,
Canoll, Comingo, (Jrebs, Cntcher, Cropland, Dox,
l)u Rose, Duke, tfmkeluhurg, Porker, Henry D.
Foster, Garretr. Getz. Giddmgs, Goihtday, H;md-
Lcy. John T« Harris, liay, Hibbard, Holman, Ken-
dall, Kerr. King, Lauiison, Marshall. McClelland,
MoOormick,Meii?tyre,Merrick.Benjamin F. Meyers,
Moigan, Niblaok. tiose.i W. Parker, Poland.Potter,
Piiee, Randall. Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, Sion it. Rogers, Slater, Slosss, Stevens, Storm,
Swann, Terry. Van Trump, Warien, Weils, VVhit-
tborne, Wul.ird, Williams ofNew York, Wood, and
Young—-70.
if AYS-—Messrs. Adams, Averiil, Barber, Barry, •
Buckley, Bulhuton, ijurchard, Burdetr, Caldwell,
Conger, Conner, Crocker, Darruil. De Large,Bickcy,
Donnan.DueU, Dunn ell, Barnes, Elliott, Farnswoi ill,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Fo.-ter, Goodrich, tlajsey.
Hanks, Harper, George E. Harris, Hawley, Ha>s,
Gerry W. iiazottonv John W. llazelton. Hill, Hoar,
Kelley, Iiedogg, Ketcham, Lamport, Lowe, M.ty-
nard, MoCrary, MeGrew, Mclienry, McKee, ALer-
riarn, Monroe, Morcy, Morphia, Leonard Myeis,
Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters,
Piatt, Piindle, Jttainey, Ritchie, Ellis H Roberts,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Soober, H. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, Woitbington C. Smith,
Suyder, Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather, Stough-
ton, Sioweli, Strong, 6utheiiand. Sjpher, Taile,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Twicheil, Tyner,
Wakeman, Waldeu, Waldron. Wallace, Walls,
Whiteloy, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, and John T. Wilson—94.
.NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Banks,
Beveridjje, Bigby, Boles. Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Campbell, Oi.nke, Conb, Coburn,
CoghUn. Cotton, Cox, Creely, JLhivis, Dawe*, Eld-
redge, Ely, Farwell, Frye. Garfield. Griilith. Halde-
man. Hale, Hambleton, Hancock, Harrner, liavcns,
Hereluid, Herndon, Hooper, Houghton, Kulmgei,
Kmselta, Lansing, Leach, Lewis. Lynch, Maiwm,
MeJunkin, Mcknmey, MeWeely, Mereur, AlitchHI,
Moore, Neglfy, Eu Perry, Porter, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Roosevelt, Seo-
tield, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Sheilabarger. Shei-
wood, Saoemaker, Sloeutn. Suapp, R Mnton Speer,
Spragae, Stevenson, St. John, Dwight Tuwu^end,
Turner, Tuthiil, Upson, Vaughan, vourhees. Wad-
dell, Wheeler, and Winchester—76.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
Daring the call of the roll,
Mr. STORM said : My colleague, Mr. Grif-
fith, is sick. If he were here he would vote
ay."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
message from the president.
A message from the President by Mr. Hor-
ace Porter, his Private Secretary, informed
the House that the President had approved
and signed bills of the following tities :
An act (H. li. No. 2o92) granting the right
of way to the Dakota Grand Trunk Hailway
Company ;
An act (II. K. No. 270S) relative to the
cenreunial international exhibition to be held
in the city of Phil idclphia, State of Pennsyl-
vania, in the year 1870;
An act (li. ii. No. 2690) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish and protect na-
tional ceineteuesj'? approved February 22,
1867;
An act (H. R. No. 1552) relative to the con-
strilcnon of a new jail for the District of Co-
lumbia ;
An act (II. ft. No. 1070) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Dtpart-
ment lor the year ending June 30, 1873 ;
An act (H. U, No. 2938j granting right of way
to the Utah, Idaho, and Montaua Railroad
Company;
Anact{H. R. No. 2398) granting a pension
to Martha (i. Kudolph j
