1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3285
I would be on the part of the United States.
And inasmuch as it had been avowed in this
case that one object of changing the day was
to bring the election under the supervision
of an act of Congress which provides for super-
vising the elections by Federal authority, un-
constitutionally as I thought, that seemed to
me au objection to this change of the day,
because I do not think the Federal Govern-
ment should have anything to do with the
election of electors of President and Yice
President of the United States; and I referred
to this as much for the purpose of answer-
ing what had been said by the Senator from
Indiana as anything else.
He confined his remarks to elections which
occurred in 1868. If he had brought his
examinations down a little later, he would
have found that the election in Louisiana two
years later was quite as bad as the one in
1868, but on the other side, I think; but it is
immaterial to me on which side it was. I
have nothing to say about sides in regard to
honest and fair electious, and I do not care
where the cheating is so far as our institu-
tions are concerned and our Government is
concerned ; if we mean to maintain an elect-
ive and representative Government we must
have pure and fair elections upon all sides,
and the fact that one party in Louisiana prac-
ticed fraud in 1868. and another in 1870, does
not change it at all. I referred to this as much
as anything to show the disordered state of
things, and that the military power was being
used in reference to elections.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Illi-
nois was a little unlucky, then, in his first
observations if he did not mean to have the
Senate understand and the country understand
(because I never wish to make a reply to one
of his speeches without using that word) that
there had been a Federal interference by mili-
tary power in the election in one of the coun-
ties in Texas in October, 1871. If so, he was
very unfortunate indeed, and I confess I was
shocked when I heard him make the state-
ment out of this report which I had not then
read, at the idea that any officer of the Uni-
ted States should have undertaken to inter-
fere and do what he read he did do; but I
observed when l came to read it that he had
only read one or two lines, and therefore the
impression (which I am sure he did not intend
to produce, because he would not wish to mis-
represent anything even to the country, much
less to the Senate,) was produced upon my
mind, and I think upon every Senator who
heard him who had not read the report, that
there had been this kind of interference that
has been talked about upon the other side of
the Chamber, Federal interference under the
dangerous powers of a dangerous President
to do something about elections in Texas.
Now he says that he understands not that
this particular thing to which he referred was
done by any Federal officer or any Federal
troops, or that they had anything to do about
it, but he understands that Governor Davis
was bustained by the authorities of the United
States. In what? He could not quite say
what, except he believes in granting certificates
to men who were not entitled to certificates.
If the honorable Senator has any specific
information upon that point, I wish he would
tell us what it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You will find it in the
very report before you ; in that very case the
certificate was given to Clark.
Mr. KDMUNDS. My honorable friend is
extremely unlucky in understanding me, or else
Iaminunderstandinghim. Iam notnowonthe
pointasto whether a certificate was given to the
Wrong man, but whether the Federal authorities
sustained Governor Davis in doing it; that is
"what! challenge the honorable Senatorto pro-
duce the proof of, and there is not a particle, and
it is not true. If he has any proof lethim bring
it forward. It is very easy to assail the Presi-
dent of the United States or any other official
by assertions of misconduct, if you are not
particularly scrupulous about the amount of
proof that you have to sustain them. I could
almost do it myself, as humble as I am, but I
do not choose to.
Therefore, I say, I deny that there is any
evidence for, or any truth in the proposition
that the Federal authorities have sustained
Governor Davis in the supervising of elec-
tions by military power mentioned in this
report, or so far as I know in any other case.
Who have sustained him in granting certifi-
cates to men who received the minority of
votes? If the Senator will read this very
report "upon which he stands he will see
that the Federal authorities, if they are the
Republican House of Representatives, instead
of sustaining the granting of this certificate
condemned it and have reported against it.
There is the difference.
Then, if setting aside a certificate of the
Governor is sustaining it, then the Senator is
right; but if setting aside a certificate is not
sustaining it, then the Senator is wrong.
Neither the President of the United States
nor any other Federal officer, as the Senator
well knows, has anything to do with the cer-
tificate which a Governor furnishes of the
election of a member of Congress. It is not
sent to any Federal officer except to the Clerk
of the House of Representatives. It being
sent to that Federal' officer, it is laid before
the House, and the House of Representatives,
instead of sustaining Governor Davis in this
case, inquire into his conduct, inquire into
the truth, and report that the certificate ought
to be set aside. There is the fact on this very
question.
Now, the Senator saysyou cannot have good
elections without freedom. So you cannot.
That is a proposition which everybody agrees
to. But the question is what the honorable
Senator himself would have done—-although
that is nothing to the case we have in hand,
but it is pertinent to what he has said—had
he been Governor of Texas on the day pre-
ceding this election, and had been notified
of there having been a collision between the
policemen on the one side and other men upon
the other, resulting in wounding and death,
followed by great excitement and a general up-
rising and arming of both whites and blacks.
What would he have done if he had been the
Governor of the State ? If he had obeyed his
duty, as I have no doubt he would have done,
he would have exercised the executive au-
thority vested in him, and which he was sworn
to exercise, to exert the power of the State
in preserving order ; just as the Governors
of every State have done from the foundation
of the Government; Democratic Governors
quite as often as Whig or Republican Gov-
ernors, because generally the Governors of
the State, of whatever party, have striven to
do their constitutional duty manfully and fear-
lessly.
The Governor of any State under any cir-
cumstances, if he should have performed his
duty, would have occupied that town by mili-
tary force in order to keep the people of that
town from going into a butchery of one race
against the other, even if it had to result for
that occasion that there should be no election
at all; because, imagine for a moment what
would have been the result but for military
interference, as far as we can understand
it from this report. The whites were armed,
the blacks armed, in about equal numbers;
there was great excitement; men were going
with arms in their hands to the ballot-box in
that condition of affairs. Why, sir, the coun-
try would have cried out shame to any Gov-
ernor who did not exert the whole power of
the State to preserve order on that occaswn,
even at the expense of making the election
void, and setting it aside.
Mr. MORTON. I call the Senator's atten-
tion to the fact that that report says that no
man was prevented from voting, and every-
body was allowed to vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know that, but I am
going on the supposition that everybody was
prevented from voting. The question is
whether it would have been the duty of the
Governor on an occasion of that kind to turn
the two races loose, armed and excited on
both sides, to go to the ballot-box. I am sure
I am safe in appealing to my friend, for whose
judgment and prudence I have great respect.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. If the Sen-
ator will allow me, I will tell him what caused
the principal excitement that existed there at
that time. The killing was by the police force,
and it is not the first time, I believe, in the
history of the police there that parties have
been killed. I will not undertake to say any-
thing about the merits of the difficulty. I do
not know much about that. But the fact is
that a prominent man in the community was
killed by two policemen. They were of no-
toriously bad character, and had been bad
characters known in the country twenty years
before their freedom. They were Cherokee
or Creek Indian negroes. I knew the family
in Alabama, and theywere celebrated for mis-
chief and daring when they were slaves. These
men were attached to the police force, and I
believe one of them was put in command of
the police force of that county, and the opinion
was that he was wholly unjustifiable in the
attack he made upon a citizen of the place
there. Be that as it may, the man was killed.
The excitement was caused because the police-
men who did the act were not surrendered to
the civil authority. They defied the civil
authority, banded themselves together, and
the police gathered themselves around them,
and with the negroes, to the number of hun-
dreds, ensconced themselves in houses and
would not be arrested. The Governor of the
State, instead of arresting those parties and
satisfying the community, put the country
under martial law and gave the support of the
State authority to the men who had committed
the murder. That is the fact of the case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was a very unhand-
some thing in the Governor if that was his mo-
tive in interfering in this general uprising and
arming of both blacks end whites for the pur-
pose of sustaining the murderer. I am not
here to defend the Governor of Texas; I know
nothing about him. I am only speaking in re-
ply to my friend from Illinois, and stating my
reply to his misreading of this report as to in-
terference in elections, and I say that upon
the facts as they are stated here, in a town
where there were twelve hundred voters it ap-
pears who did go to vote, and where there
were probably two thousand men capable of
bearing arms, with both sides excited, both
sides arming and going to the polls, it would
be the duty of a just Governor everywhere
(and it has been done by Democratic Govern-
ors many a time ; I think I could soon refer to
the instances) to interfere for the preservation
of order ; not for the purpose of controlling
elections ; butif the prevention of a great riot
which is imminent, where the parties are arrayed
against each other with arms in their hands, is
to be accomplished, it must be accomplished
by prompt action. He cannot wait until the
day after the election to prevent a riot; and
if you fail to elect on that occasion, that is one
of the misfortunes of having a riot. That is
all there is to it. But as I say the point under
discussion is not the question whether the
Governor of Texas had a good motive or a bad
one.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. ^ If the Senator
will §llow me, I would say that if the Governor
of the State was not authorized and could not
suppress threatened hostilities in any other
way, I would justify even the course he took;
but the opinion of his own officer, who was
sent up there to investigate the matter, was
