1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2389
In the case of Samuel E. Smith vs. John
Young Brown, in 1868, the former rested his
claim to the seat solely upon what he alleged
was a legal result, following from the conclu-
sion to which the House committee arrived,
that Mr. Brown, who did receive a majority
of the votes, is not entitled to take the oath
of office or to hold the seat. Btitish prece-
dents were pointed out, but the committee
would not accept them as a binding or wise
rule for the government of the House.
There is a still later case in the House of
Representatives, and later than the fourteenth
amendment. I mean the Louisiana case of
Simon Jones vs. James Mann and others, in
18(39. Mr. Jonesclaimed that Mann wasineli-
gible because he was not a resident of Louis
lanabut of Maine, and that having received the
next highest number of votes he (Jones) ought
to have the seat, and that, in the absence of
any American precedent, which was admitted,
there should be one established in order to
enforce the faithful execution of the fourteenth
amendment. But the committee decided if
the evidence was held to be satisfactory it
would not aid Mr. Jones, nor entitle him to
the seat, but would only show there was a
vacancy. Here, then, where the Britishtpre-
cedents would apply, if anywhere, the ques-
tion was squarely presented and squarely
answered. Can we ask for more ?
These cases were reported upon while
Hon. Mr. Dawes was chairman of the House
Committee of Elections, and it is not too
much to say that there is not in either House
a gentleman more learned in the law of elec-
tions, or better qualified from long and labor-
ious experience to reach just conclusions in
the application of the law. But the Senate
has established its own rule, has done it early
and late, and will not be likely now to set it
at defiance. The first contested election to
the Senate, like the present, was a case of
ineligibility, and I refer to that of Ramsey vs.
Smith, in 1789. But no one then even thought
of claiming, on account of the ineligibility of
Smith who had received a majority of the votes,
the election of Ramsey, the minority candidate.
In 1793 Albert Gallatin was electcd Senator
from Pennsylvania before he had been nine
years a citizen of the United States, and his
seat was declared vacant.
In 1824 the seat of John Bailey, of Massa-
chusetts, was declared vacant from non-resi-
dence, and a new election had without any
claim on the part of any minority candidate.
In 1849 the seat of James Shields, of Illi-
nois, an elien by birth, was declared vacant
because of ineligibility, and the right of a
minority candidate was not even raised.
When the Legislature adjourns without
filling a vacancy, the Senate has decided, as in
1854 in the case of Senator Phelps, of Ver-
mont, that even the Governor of a Stale can-
not nil the vacancy, but that it must wait to be
filled by the Legislature.
These cases—and I know of none of an
opposite character, not one—unmistakably
establish a rule by which we must be gov-
erned, and which unmistakably excludes Gen-
eral Alibott. A foot out of joint on the part
of the person elected by a majority does not
put the staff into the hands of the person
having the next highest number of votes. In-
eligibility has no other effect than to sink the
person to whom it applies, and is not like
the bucket in the well, which cannot go down
without raising another.
Mr. Vance is no longer here. He once
knew the flag of the Union and loved it, but
at last he denied it, and, like Peter, "cursed
and swoic." It is enough that he has aban-
doned his own suit.
General Abbott is here and I hope may have
better luck at home another time. His record
is patriotic ; but in this place "if a man thinks
himself to be something when he is nothing,
he deceiveth himself." ilia judgment has been
.misled by the " much learning" of his attor-
ney and the hot zeal of personal friends. He
once submitted his case to the Legislature,
and if the judgment was against him he must
abide by that judgment, or the institution of
elections becomes a farce.
I am opposed to a declaration in favor of
the minority candidate, because it is not only
ethically wrong but grossly impolitic. We
cannot do it without reversing all of our own
previous decisions now imbedded among the
cardinal rules of our Government. We can-
not do it without setting up senatorial abso-
lutism against freedom of elections. Amnesty,
whether universal or general, may well divide
our opinions, but there ought to be no division
as to the impolicy of punishing the whole State
of North Carolina for sins predicated on the
acts of Mr. Vance. In enforcing constitu-
tional disabilities against offending individuals,
let us stop short of adding a gratuitous insult
to States. A State must go without represent-
ation so long as it perversely sends a person
here for its Senator who cannot make oath
that he has not been a traitor, or who may
otherwise be ineligible; but, let us restrain
that impetuous revenge which would add the
further and illegal penalty of confiscating the
right of the State to representation when even
"clothed and in its right mind," it shall
choose to exercise that right in the manner
prescribed for all other States. To force a
Senator upon a State against its own will
would be infinitely worse than a denial of its
equal suffrage in the Senate.
It is rather awkwardly claimed that a prece-
dent in favor of minority candidates may be
found in presidential elections on the ground
that it has sometimes happened that more
voters have voted for electors who sustained
the minority candidate than have voted for the
electors of the successful candidate, in conse-
quence of their distribution among the States,
some of which were carried by large majori-
ties and-others by small. "The people, how-
ever, do not vote directly for President, but
for such electors as they, with or without
pledges, are willing to intrust with the power
to choose a President. A majority of the elect-
ors is essential, nothing less will do. Should
they, by some oversight or in plain disregard
of constitutional requirements, cast a majority
of their ballots for au alien or a person under
the required age, would it be pretended that
the person having the next largest number of
votes, though only a feeble minority, would
thereupon under any American law or usage
become the actual President of the United
States? The bare statement of the case shows
its untenableness. Of course there would be
a vacancy to be filled as in any other case of
vacancy.
The last clause of article five of the Consti-
tution, which provides "that no State without
its consent shall be deprived of its equal suf-
frage in the Senate," has no relation whatever
to the present question, and most certainly
cannot be construed in any manner to force
upon a State a Senator without its consent.
When a State neglects or refuses to send Sen-
ators here in accordance with its rights and
duties under the plain provisions of the Con-
stitution, it does consent to the contingency
of being deprived of its equal suffrage in the
Senate. It foregoes its rights. If a State elects
a person asSenatorunderthiity yearsof age, or
an alien, or as in this case, a person ineligible
under the fourteenth amendment, it is simply
a nullity, for which the State is alone respons-
ible, and the State for the time being con-
sents to forego its proper representation. The
office is not filled, and there isno power lodged
in any other quarter to permanently fill ihe
office except in the Legislature.
The Senate of the United States cannot
select any of the rejected parlies thrown out
by the Legislature to breathe official life into
them, and then hold their own act t.0 be all the
work of the Legislature as to do so would be
to recognize and admit a Senator under the
dim color of a title solely derived from having
once been a candidate, and a candidate over-
whelmingly defeated. Therecouldbeno citizen
of a State eligible to the office who would not,
under these circumstances, have a more legit-
imate claim to the seat than such a defeated
minority candidate. He, aside from all others,
has been cast out. It may be unfortunate for
him and for us, but the Senate of the United
States, however generously inclined, must on
their oaths give to General Abbott no more
than he can claim as a clear and indisputable
right, and all his rights here have been extin-
guished by his own people. That decision
binds both him and the Senate. According to
the Constitution "the Senate of the United
States shall be composed of two Senators from
each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof."
The State, therefore, sends Senators chosen
by the Legislature thereof, and it would be
something worse than a subterfuge to declare
that a person had been elected exactly con-
trary to what the records of the Legislature
show. It would be au imposture.
Nor can the Senate punUh tne Legislature
of North Carolina for omitting to elect General
Abbott or for electing Mr. Vance. The only
punishment which the case admits of is that
which has been self-imposed, namely, the
temporary loss of equal suffrage in the Senate,
for the sufficient reason that their elected
favorite caunot make oath that he has not
been a traitor and perjurer, and cannot, there-
fore, be admitted to a seat. The Constitution
does not empower the Senate to inflict punish-
ment upon the Legislature of North Carolina
for what it may hold to have been, an error of
judgment, or even for an unpatriotic perform-
ance of duty, and for the Senate to accept here
for six years to come the person the State has
emphatically rejected—depriving the Legisla-
ture for that length of time of all jurisdiction
of the question, imposing upon the State a
person politically obnoxious—would be per-
haps a cruel (certainly an unusual) punish-
ment, which the Constitution expressly for-
bids, and would besides be a rasping and
gratuitous folly of the same magnitude as that
committed by the Legislature itself; that is to
say, it would be the admission of a person to
this body by our vote and favor who bears no
other commission. We may exact the pound
of flesh of Mr. Vance, but in taking that we
must take no drop of blood from the Legis-
lature. We may exile him, but we cannot
enthrone any pretender.
One more point in this case I will mention
and then I shall have done. Congress having
the full power as to the times and manner of
holding elections for Senators, has regulated
the same by the act of July 25, 18G6. I call
attention to this act, though it has been already
cited by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
in his opening speech, because it must be ad-
mitted that it supercedes any law of North
Carolina, whether contrary to it or in harmony
with it. Let me quote from this act:
" That the Legislatureof each State which shall be
chosen next preceding the expiration of the time for
which any Senator was elected to represent said
State in Congress shall, on the second Tuesday alter
the meeting and organization thereof, proceed to
elect a Senator 111 Congress in the placeof such Sen-
ator so going out of office in the following manner :
each house shall openty, by a viva voce vote 0f each
member present, name one person for Senator in
Congress from said State, and the name of the per-
son so voted for, who shall have a majority of the
whole number of votes cast in each house, shall be
entered on the journal of each house by the clerk or
secretary thereof; but if either house shall Jail to
"ive such majority to any person on said day, tnat
t.ict shall be entered on the journal. .
" At twelve o'clock meridian of the day following
that on which proceedings are required to take
place, as aforesaid, the members of the two houses
shall convene in joint assembly, and the journal of
■ each house shall then be read, and if the same per-
1 son shall have received a majority of all the votes
■ in each House, such person shall be declared duly
1 elected Sonator to represent said State in the (!on-
' gressof the United States; but if the same person
I shall not have received a majority of the votes cast
I in each house, or if either house shall have failed
! to take proceedings, as required by this aet. the
I joint assembly shall then proceed to choose, by a
