4182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June C
of expenses incident to the gathering of these
statistics.
Mr. 11A.NDALL. Then it creates no new
office, and gives this officer r.o additional
salary, ihough adding to his duties.
Mr. FARNSWOItl'II. I wish to inquire
of the gemleman from New York whether the
bill authori/.es this officer to go abroad?
Mr. E. M. ROBERTS. It does not; yet I
ought to sny, in justice to the officer to whom
releretice is made, that he goes abroad at his
own expense to gather statistics which some
gentleman some time or other will be using
upon this floor. I understand he had an hon-
orary mle as a delegate to the statistical con-
gress at, St. Petersburg.
Mr. FAUNS WOK I'll. There was a gen-
tleman a lew years ago who, in his Othcial
capacity, gathered valuable stutisiies «t home
and abroad, and who, for liavingobtaiued these
sta'isues, was turned out of otliee.
Mr. 1j. MY FIW. Almost all of us have
availed ourselves of the labors of this oIKcer
wiili prolit lo ourselves and I btdieve to the
country.
Mr. GAI! FIELD, of Ohio. Is there any-
thing in tins bid that restricts the free jndg-
meni ot the ollieer as 10 what kind of ficis lie
shall gather or the conclusions at which he
shall anive? I desire thai wc shnll hive the
beneiit of all the knowledge he may gather;
and I want the othcer to tie ubsolutely free
to utter Ins judgment upon whatever ho may
tiud.
Mr. KINKKLN'DUIKJ Is ih< •re not reason
to brlii' v e iroin our e Kpeneuce in t h <-  pnst
that. when sin ollieei does unfetter Ins judg-
ment upon jt 11ut-siiun of ih * kind Ins conclu-
sion will he ovi ituledaml insollirf abolished v
'J hat, ha> lit't-n ihi* c.isr linehdoiN' j ami 1 tear
Such will be ihe m-miIi hi tins msiam-e.
Mr. h II ROBERTS. 1' 11 f ■ 1e is nothing
in thi^bill ! Iia I l est r oi s tins freedom oi this
olh< er. 1 will «iO ijuiio sis Inr us J ho gentle
man trout Missouri | Mi. Kivkki.nui'UC [ or any
one else in order 10 insure thai the oilicer shall
be emir"iy ireo in the t xoioise of his duty.
Mi* K1 X K 1'jIjN 11UliU. 1 do iivii desire to
un'n^ou v.w this bill , I behove we onght. to
co i h ci e it t be ,sl i msi umI information i hat may
be a(.;iiiijiI)le. Hut I cannot allow the bill to
pass without « ailing attention to ihe i*ie( thai
WO have lnietoiotv had hvo Mimlar olhcer s ,
Mid because ihe intoi hi.iUoii thev giVe us did
mil. Mill cei I;un g<'ii111 men I hey utic a: tacked
and liutiieU (iou li and linalU, somehow or
other, jmi, out ol ollieo. While i am a friend
ol the gemleman to whom thi> bill inlets, I
til ink theie is loo uiu< !i t < a->ou lo lea r I hat. he
vvillsufroi ImtimI' ci (he miti ( l.iie, It seems
to me Congi r>s not y« i j>i« p u*od to receive
tie- truth in !ho tor>u ol Ma i ^f.cai informal ion.
.Mr. E. II, K(>H!0fL I'S. 1 Jt-siro lo say that
Ihe present ocetij) on ol t,hn oiliee has already
b''cii sni'C"^!111 pi giving us i'.trfv? wnch com-
mand the eonlideni e oi a i sides; th U be has
been courteous u> all sides ; ami that, his stale
ineiitK it,L\e commanded confidence iuespcct-
ive of {.arty lines.
Mr, UUkciJARI). I wish to .say thut this
hill does lint ieij-nre the othcer to repoit his
Cone Iu-uons, as was the case with the olliceis
to whom jeh'ience lias been made, but to
^a'lier statistics, ilence it seems to mo tuere
Is no jeasou ti  appiehend ibat he vvill bo sub-
jected to she assaults ol wuieh gent Semen have
spoken. J nre some sia'istics which were ,
ioini'.'rly ollicuiily ubiauied, nut which have jj
IioC been gathered for the l;sst ten years—
among ihein tiie wholesalu jinces oi* hading
truck's ol meroiiandiso m torei^u. cottnrrtes.
i wei \ e oi h L.reu > (; try a<;o sui'h Si a! isUcs wci ft
embodied hi the Treasuiy rep iris. ou^ht
to have ihem in our j n asurv reports now, s >
that they im^bt be .spread helore Congress, i
hope thaf i he authority proposed in this bill
Will be grained.
Mr. Ii A VS. T object to further dobnte.
The SPKAK'KK- The
*~('iesnon is on the
motion to suspend the rules, and pass the
bill.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
79, noes 43.
Mr E. H. ROBERTS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. E. II. IioB-
erts and Mr. Beck were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 86, noes 01.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the motion to suspend the rules and
pass the bill was not agreed to.
BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. BINGHA.M. I ask leave to report
from the Committee on the Judiciary and put
upon its passage a bill (S. No. 3'J'J) to amend
an act entitled '• An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States." This bill is supplementary to the
bankrupt law and gives to the reorganized
Siatps the same beneiits under that law as
are enjoyed by the other States. So far as it
goes, it is piecisely the bill which has already
been passed by the House at the present
session.
Air. DICKEY. I move the House adjourn.
Air. B1N(111 ,VM. No; let me puss this bill.
Mr. UlUlCE't*. Very well, I will yield to
the gentleman from Ohio.
Air. B1NUI1A.M. it is Senate bill No. 399,
to amend an act entitled "An act to estab-
lish a unil'iinn system ot' bankruptcy through
out tliti United Slates " I ask the bill be lead.
The bill, which whs load, provides that the
liist proviM) in Bee:ion louiti-en of ail act ap-
pioved March 2, 1 HO7, enti.h-d "An act to
cMablish a uiiitui-in system of bankruptcy
throughout I be United Stales," be amended
by sinking out "1801 " and insulting in lieu
Itiereol '• 1H71."
Ah. BIN till AM. -I d usire to say it is pre-
cisely the same amendment to the bdnktupt
law which in connection with o her amend-
meats passed this House without division
some wt-cks ago, but lias come b<ick from the
Senate, no' as an amendment, but as au ori-
ginal bill, riiiU jippheHonly to exemptions made
ny opeiauon of Siale luws as Uicy were en-
forced in ItfTl.
Mi. It v ND.VLL. Does this come from the
Cuiiniiittpf on iht* .Judiciary 'I
Mi. JliNGUAM. It. ha^ i he, concui rence of
fhe .J nd .ci.ny Commit' oe. The lirsi, proviso of
ihe ton11Oeu h secuo'i of th<a bankrupt aci has
its opei :it ions htuUed to 1. vSmCO I8b-i
nearly ail oi tlm insurrectionary Stales have
hern ieconst i ucted and ex^mpi.ions provided
by their law are constitutional exemptions
made since that date, and hence the necessity
ot this change. 1 demand the pievious ques-
tion.
i hti previous question was seconded and the
main question oideied ; and under the opera-
tion tticreo! the bill Wan ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly lead the thud
time, and passed.
iM r. BuNUliAM moved to reconsider the
voie by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that, the motion to reconsider be laid
On the table.
The lutier motion was agreed to.
lkayjc ov A HMCNCU.
l\r. PENDLETON", by unanimous consent,
wa*v i>iMn-ed leave of absence until Fiiday next.
Mr. AMBUiU, l.y uniuiunou.s consent,
granted leave ot absence for the remainder of
the sesvi m on account ot sickness.
Mr. SliOlvMAKIili, by unanimous consent,
was granted indefinite leave of absence.
JJH 8. GOFF.
On motion ot Mr. PECK, by unanimous
conseni. leave \va> granted ior the withdrawal
Irom the liles ot itn; House of the. papers in
the case ot J ob S. Got! applying for a pension.
And then, on motion of Mr. SPhER, of
Georgia, (at tour o'clock and twenty five min-
utes p. m.,j the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the mle, and referied to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of Miss Carrie King, of Tennessee, pray-
ing compensation for services rendered the
United States during the rebellion.
By Mr. SHANKS; The petition of the Cher-
okee delegation, for a court for the Indian
territory.
By Mr. STEVENS: The memorial of A.
Bowen, Samuel Edwards, and sundry others,
citizens of the State of Illinois, for a grant of
public lands to agricultural colleges.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 3, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by liev. E. 1). Owjsn, of Washing-
ton, Disuict of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of the proceedings of Saturday last.
Mr. NYE. I move that the further reading
of the Journal be dispensed with, and I desire
to move to take up a certain bill as soou as I
can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with, and that the Senate
consider a bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the hill?
The VlCE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know. Will the Senator from Nevada
state the nature of the bill?
Mr. NYE. I want to call np two or three,
and it is quite immaterial which one is taken
up litst. 1 wish to call up one or two Irotn
ttie Committee on Naval AtF.iirs, and two
from the Cotnm t ee on Tetruoiies.
Mr. UAMILTON, of Maryland, i'hat is too
many.
Mr. CASSERLY, I think the morning
business should tirsi be disposed of.
The VlCE PRESIDENT. The Senator
fi om California consents, il the Senator from
Nevada fields to the morning business.
Mr, NYE. Very well j 1 will do ^-o.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Vice President mis-
understood me. 1 (to not Obje t io suspend-
ing the reading of ihe Journal, but i insist, that
the morning business shall go on m the regular
wi y.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
consents to dispensing with the n ading ol the
Journal, but insists on proceeding with the
moinmg business. ]f theie be no objection,
the reading of the Journal will be dispensed,
with. Petitions are first in order.
PK1ITLONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. "WILSON presented live petitions of
late soldiers and satlois ot the United S ates
volunteer Army and Navy, piaym>£ thatindus-
ti ial homes and training schools be provided
tor the orphans of soldiers and sailors who
served the Eedeiai Government m the war of
the rebellion; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
.Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a memorial
ot Tisk Mills, scnlpioi, relative to a reso*
hition of Congress, approved July 14, 1870,
donating condemned oidnance to be applied
in the execution of an equestrian statue of
the la'e General Rawlins; whicn was referred
to the Committee on Appiopriations.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented a
petition of citizens ol Bridgeport, praying the
passage of the bid (li. R No. 1733) granting
a pension to partially disabled soldiers; which
was referred to the Committee ou Military
Affairs.
kb pouts op committees.
Mr. OSBORN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (II, R. No. 2109) to authorize the
issuance of college scrip to the State of Arkaa-
