■•.SXJfy
3286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
tliat there was 110 necessity whatever for mar-
tial law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the Governor abused
his power.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I think the
Governor himself was satisfied of that after-
ward.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say a word
about, the President of the United States, nor
make any ai tack upon Mm at, all. But there
are always persons to be found who are swift
to recommend themselves to favor by placing
themselves, if possible, in the position of de-
fending some one. It, seems to be a delight
to some persons to rush to the defense of those
high in auihoriiy, i suppose by manifesting
their zenl for then), and to seize hold of any-
thing lhat they can which shall show their
devotion, at least to persons to whom they
think it is agreeable or pleasant to recommend
themselves to. Of course the Senator from
Vermont was not governed by any such con-
sideration as that; but, he supposes that the
reading of a part of a report which was read
was an attack upon the President. He must
have understood so, or else, not being gov-
erned by any desire to recommend himself to
favor, he would hardly have voluntarily made
such a speech as he has made. Theiefore I
am ready to excuse him for flying t,o ibe rescue
of the President, supposing that he must have
thought that what I read from the report
related to the President, whereas it was, as I
believe I stated, a report laid upon our table
this morning made in the House of Repre-
sentatives 111 regard to the election in the
State of Texas, Irom which it appears that
military power had been used at, an election,
and that, the voters, before they wore permit-
ted to vote, were required lo obtain a pass. I
thought tliat was very objectionable.
The Senator from Vermont is no more for
preserving the peace than [ am, and no more
for preventing riot, and bloodshed than I am,
and he wants to know if I had been Governor
of the State if I would not have exerted the
whole power of the Executive to prevent blood
shed and riot. If 1 had done tho duty incum-
bent upon me, doubtless I should; but I do
not, think I should ever have, required voters
to obtain a pass from the military before
voting, and I do not believe the Senator from
Vermont would. The Senator from Delaware
was gpouking of militaiy interference with
elections at, the time I interrunted Itiin merely
to read a sentence from the report,, and the
Senator from Vermont thinks I did not read
enough. I read a portion of the report for the
purpose of showing that it had become no un-
usual thing for military authorities to interfere
with the elections, 'l'iie Senator from Dela-
ware was commenting upon the interference
of Federal authority in his own State. As
I.understood him, his remarks related to
the iiiictference of the Federal authority by
Unitt-d States troops, so lhat there was a case
where there was an interference, and I lnu'e
understood, although it is not necessary to
bring it into this debate, that in tho State of
Louisiana there has been some interference
of Federal authorities with political conven-
tions. Perhaps the Senator Irom Vermont never
beard of that. He would seetn not, from his
remnrks, to have heard anything about this
imeiference. What I read was io show the
danger to arise from these intei lerences by
military authority, that they will become com-
mon, and our elections, instead of being the
free expression of the people, will become by
and by but the expression of those in power,
whether as Governors or Presidents I care
cot. I ant equally opposed to interference
of the military power with the freedom of
elections by Governors or by Presidents, by
one party or by another party. Order should
be preserved, undoubtedly; but J think when
the time comes, as it is stated in that report,
that the electors in order to deposit their votes
have to obtain passes from soldiers, the free-
dom of elections is gone, because then they will
exercise the power of giving passes to such
persons as they please, and I think then we
may bid farewell to anything like free elections
among our fellow-citizens.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Illinois
has done me the compliment, to suggest that
some people, not 1 of course, fly to the defense
of executive authority and of the President
of the United States in order to curry favor,
to gain advantages. Well, I ain afraid that
some ppople do. But, whatever my disposi-
tion to fly may be to gain advantages, I think
I can safely say that so far 1 have never flown
to the defense of the President of the United
States or any of his Departments to be paid
for in cash, whatever other favors 1 may get.
There are two ways of doing things in respect
to executive authority. Of course this does
not apply either to my friend from Illinois or
myself. One is to be an extremely good friend
of executive authority as long as you do get
something about once a month of one kind or
another in the way of executive patro.iage
or control; and when you have drained ihe
fountain dry to turn around and curse the
rock that gave you drink. Of course my
friend Irom Illinois never did anything of
lhat kind. We know that from what has
taken place in the Senate. So that we stand
equal no doubt on lhat ground.
Now, sir, I have to say, as to the President
of the United States, that, I shall continue to
defend him whenever, by insinuation or other-
wise. he is attacked, and 1 find it convenient,
when 1 think he is attacked unjustly. And 1
will say lo my friend from Illinois that I have
been as often, perhaps a little mote often since
my short experience in this body, opposed to
measures which the President of the United
States has recommended and desired under
hi< constitutional privilege, as the Senator from
Illinois has, and that I have exerted myself
as featlessly as lie has, not. with the capacity,
of' course, not with the effect, of course, that,
he would have, but as learlessly and as faith-
fully as he has to defeat them. Sometimes 1
have succeeded ; sometimes I have failed;
sometimes I have succeeded against thehonoi-
ilbleSenaior; sometimes 1 have succeeded with
him, and somelimesl have failed with linn ; and
1 am glad to say as 1 do say (for the benelitof the
country again) lhat 1 have not observed that
it made any difference respecting the conduct,
of the President of the United States toward
me. I owe him nothing; he owes me nothing.
1 have asked him nothing; he has asked me
nothing. Wo therefore Ktand upon entiiely
independent grounds. Patronage has not been
dispensed upon my application to my friends
by the President of the United States outside
of the State of Vermont, where the delega-
tion, according to the usual course, make
formal recommendations when there is a va-
cancy in an oflice I do not think it will be.
i do not, mean by that to say that the Senator
from Illinois in pursuing a different course, if
it is different—1 do not say that be does—has
done anything wrong; but 1 do say that it comes
with rather a poor grace from a Senator of so
much experience as he is reputed to have in
that, particular line of public service to impute
to me (for saying what I did in lepelling an
insinuation which was fairly calculated, if not
designed, to be made as imputing to the gen-
eral commander of ihe Army of the United
Sta'es interference in this election) a selfish
and a base motive on ihe ground that I had
received or expected to receive favors as a
compensation. To be sure the honorable Sen-
ator disclaims anv such imputation, but it is
one of that species of disclaimers that of
course are very well understood. I am quite
willing, although 1 know the great disparity
between us, to have even the beloved country
in which we believe so much rake us over from
begiuuiug to end, and balance the scales upon
the subject of our relations with the Chief
Magistrate of this country or with any of its
Departments.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I regret that I feel itto
be my duly to say something, particularly
when my State is arraigned here to be thrown
into the scale to weigh down the Republican
party, thereby giving the preponderance to the
Democrats ; lor, sir, it is clear to every Sen-
ator that it has not been spoken of with any "
other view. I have not the ability nor the
vanity to suppose that 1 couhl poriray the dis-
tinguished Senator from Illinois as he has
ably piesented the other distinguished Sena*
tor, our friend fiom Vermont, from time to
time; but the Senator from Illinois speaks to
bun with that happy natural smile of his that
is always present and so elegantly used; and
so softly does it move into you that it is almost
irresistible. [Laughter.] I know he feels :
kind; it is his very nature to do so; but this .!
style of his bursis forth upon all occasions;
but I would just as lief he had not thought ;
proper to place Texas in a false position on i
this occasion. He is the encyclopedia, if you "
please, of political lore about, this lime, and I *=
discover that he has a peculiar fondness for
the other side of the House. [Laughter.] I "
lvtise no issue with him for that. Surely this
is tight; he is entitled to compliment for it,
perhaps ; but whenever there is u li tie matter
wanting on the part of our friends on the other
side of the House in their arguments, the Sen-
ator from Illinois lises and Says, ''Will the
Senator be so kind as to let me mteriupt hitn
for a minute ?" and then a document is handed
up directly, and he says, ''Here is the au-
thority ; tins nails them ' [lau^ll en] thu-'prae- '
tically s.iying, "Hit the Republican par.y."
For what? i'hathe ieavesit? Well lie may
smile upon that, ; be does it beautifully on
that branch of the subject. 1 understand iiim.
[L mghier.] #
What does he say, farther, when it is inti-
mated that this election bill implied a desire
on the part of the Senators from Louisiana to
enable the President of the United States
through his military to influence this election ?
Why, says he, 44 Most assuredly it has been
done; here is a precedent, and 1 give you Texas."
Now, it happens that I kno.w something about
Texas myself, Surely 1 know somethiugabout <
the difficulty that the -Senator alludes to. He
has presented to us the report of the commit-
tee of the other Hou>e. 1 raise no issue as to •
the correctness of that report, though I might
well do so in some instances; hut it is not my -
purpose to do that. I may safely say lhat it -
is an ex parte report; it is only one side of ;
the question. That i say in my place; and if
the facts were all known, the report would be ^
different, or there would be one that would
clear up this matter to a great extent. *
But, «ir, so far as the'United States troops
were invoked or employed on that occasion,
I have this to say: 1 happened to be in the v
city of Ausiin at, ihat time. There was great
excitement throughout the State of Texas. ^ I -
felt a deep interest in it. J deplored the cir- .
cumstances very seriously. While I "wasthere* .
General Reynolds in his vigilance went down
and visited this ground, he was upon the
ground to investigate the subject, and upon
his return from that investigation he vishod j
me at my room in the city of Austin at night, *
on Ins way to his headquarters at Sa'\ Anto-
nio. There he told me what the facts were, j
and said that he hoped it would all be satis-
factorily adjusted at an early period, and he
did not think there was any necet-si y bring ^
to bear the power that he bad under him 'as a --
United Sta'es commander. I .-^ay without fear "
of contradiction that there was no intimation r,;
of the use of the Federal troops there emanat- ,'j
ing from General Giant or from any other
source upon that occasion, because i had
directly from the general in command.^ : ,_
So far as the Governor of my State is con*
