54fi
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senats
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Morton.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Now, Mr. President, before passing farther
I want to consider very briefly the report
made by the minority of the committee to
investigate Southern outrages. I have said
on this floor upon more than one occasion
that if the Democratic party came into power
they would nullify the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments ; that they would undo the work
in great part that has been accomplished by
the Republican party. My statement here
has been scoffed at; I have been assailed
through the press for making tliat statement;
I have been described as one who is trying to
keep alive sectional fires, the asperities of the
war, the sentiments growing out of the war.
It is said that I have unjustly and wickedly
assailed the Democralic parly.
_ Mr. President, I am prepared to-night to
vindicate myself from all these charges. When
I made t.hein I believed them. 1 now have
such evidence upon my desk that cannot suc-
cessfully be controverted, and I want to say
right here that while I have been represented
in the South as being its enemy, I think I have
been one of its best friends. I am a better
friend of the South to-day than those me.i who
have urged her to take the course she has
taken. If the South had taken the course that
I wanted her to take, that I have often had
occasion to advise her to take, she would be
in a far better condition than she is to day.
1 never blamed the great mass of the southern
people for going into the rebellion. I knew
that rebellion came down from a few : it did
not go from the mass. I knew that compar-
atively few men were responsible for it morally
and politically, I knew that even the great
mass of her politicians were forced into it. L
knew that there were a few arch criminals, a
lew great ring-leaders who deserved nothing
at the hands of this Government, and should
never have had any consideration; but so far as
the great mass was concerned, I have always
been ready to recognize their sincerity, their
belief in the justice of what they were doing.
Sir, when this war was began the South was
not altogether responsible. The Democratic
party of the North had a laige share iu that
responsibility. There are distingushed south-
ern men upon this floor to whom 1 can appeal
on that subject, if they had not been told
iu I860 and 18G1 that they had a right to
secede, that the Government had no right to
coerce a State to remain iu the Union, if they
had not been told that the Democratic party
would never permit, the Government to coerce a
State to remain in the Union, we know from the
confession 1 may say of all of them they never
would have embarked in that war. They were
misled; they were cheated. They believed too
readily undoubtedly, but they were deceived,
and they fell victims to that deception. Their
punishment, I admit, has been great.
Air. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask a question?
Air. MOlli'ON. Certainly.
Air. 1HURMAN. Will he name one single
Democralic statesman living at the North who
told the South they had a right to secede?
Mr. MORION. Well, Mr. President, I
will answer that in this way : I think I can
Mr. THURMAN. Well, name him.
Mr. MOIllON. JL will. The Senator shall
hear it soou enough. I give him Jam«s Bu-
chanan. James Buchanan told the Congress
of the United States in his message on the
first Monday in December, 18G0, when the re-
bellion was just developing in South Carolina,
that while a State had no right really to secede,
yet the Government had no right really to
coerce her to remain in the Union. That was
in substance and in effect telling her she had
a right to go.^ What was the value of" saying
to ablate, u Irue, you have no right to Recede,
but n you do secede we have no light lo pre-
vent you?" There was the first great crime
committed in the beginning of this rebellion,
and that declaration of James Buchanan was
indorsed, as I understand it, by the Democratic
members of this body, and the Democratic
members of the House with a very few honor-
able exceptions, less than a baker's dozen.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the Senator from
Indiana if he can say in the face of this
Senate that that was the true position of Mr.
Buchanan, that he said there was no power to
put down an insurrectinn or rebellion against
the Government? Does he say that Mr.
Buchanan said any such thing?
Mr. MORTON. I do not know that Mr.
Buchanan used that expression. I think the
expression was that the United States had no
right to coerce a State.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator will only
look at his message, he will find that Mr.
Buchanan advanced a doctrinc that was just
as powerful to put down rebellion as any that
was ever advanced by the Senator from Indiana
himself.
Mr. MORTON. I do not know what that
doctrine was. My recollection is distinct that
Mr. Buchanan denied the power of this Gov-
ernment to coerce a State to remain in the
Union, and that that was backed up by the
opinion of Jeremiah S. Black, the then Attor-
ney General. Am 1 right? 1 think I am, and
that that opinion was sustained by the large
body of the Democratic party in both Houses
of Congress, and that that was exactly the
equivalent, was substantially the same thing as
saying that a State had a right to secede, for
to say that we had no power to coerce a State
and to say that a State had a right to go was
a distinction without a difference. There is
where the Democratic party stood, and it was
upou that doctrine that South Carolina and one
State after another, seven m all up to the time
he went out of office, went forward without
interruption, let, or hindrance in the work of
rebellion, had actually formed a government
at Montgomery and formed a constitution and
elected a presideut and vice president before
he passed out of office, and no objection was
raised.
Mr. NYE. I would call the honorable Sen-
ator's recollection to a declaration made in a
letter written by ex-President Pierce, that the
Republicans would have to march over the
dead bodies of the northern Democracy before
they got to the South, and I believe all the
Democratic press agreed with Mr. Greeley at
that time as to the right of States to secede.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Nevada
refreshes my recollection. There were a great
many declarations of that kind. Why, sir, in
the Legislature of Indiana at the regular ses-
sion in 1861 resolutions were introduced and
voted for by the Democratic members of the
house declaring that the Government had no
right to coerce a State to remain in the Union,
and the author of those resolutions declared
in a speech, which 1 remember distinctly for I
happened to be present, that before any army
should march to the South to coerce a State to
remain in the Union, they must first pass over
his dead body. 1 will give that mau the credit
of saying that he afterward repented of these
foolish words and went into our Army with a
commission in his pocket that I gave him as
Governor of Indiana. But that was the gen-
eral position of the Democratic party ; and
the South, relying upon that, went forward in
the work of rebellion, it is said that there
was one distinguished Republican—1 will not
name him—who advanced the same opinion,
and that the South relied somewhat upon his
opinion; but I think they did not rely very
much upon the authority of any Republican
at that time. They relied upon the Demo-
cratic party to stand as a stone wall between
them and the Government in the work of
rebellion.
Mr. President, I referred awhile ago to the
action of the Democratic convention in New
York in 1868, in the declaration that the re-
construction acts were null and void. They
were thereby educating the South. They were
thereby most powerfully and directly advising
the South to resist and to overturn those State
governments. We haveadopted certain amend-
ments to the Constitution, the thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth. It has been almost uni-
formly declared by the Democratic party, both
North and South, that the fourteenth and
fiftsenth amendments were not valid and bind-
ing. They have so declared in conventions,
by resolutions in State Legislatures, by votes
iu the other House more than once, that these
amendments were illegally ratified, and were
not parts of the Constitution of the United
States. I had occasion to refer to that the
other day upon this floor, and I was met some-
what indignantly by the Senator from Califor-
nia, and I believe by the Senator from Ohio,
and perhaps by other Senators, while they
failed at the same time to express their own
opinions upon the subject.
Now, Mr. President, I propose to read from
the minority report in vindication of what I
have said in regard to what the Democratic
party would do ; and I speak this in no feeling
of unkindness, I am not dealing with individ-
uals ; I have no personal warfare to make
upon members of that party; I am speaking
of the organization as a great entity, as a great
fact, one that has bad vastly to do with con-
trolling the destinies of this nation both for
good and for evil, of late years almost entirely
for evil. "I speak more in sorrow than in
anger" to-night in regard to what that party
has done and what its position now is. I shall
read an extract from the report of the minority
of this committee of investigation. It is signed
by names of distinguished gentlemen, Demo-
cratic members of the committee. Do you
know who they are? They include two Sen-
ators on this floor who have spoken, the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] and the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Blaiu] und
Democratic members of the House. Now
I ask the Secretary to read an extract from
that report. I take them as being repre-
sentative men. I take them as expressing the
sentiment and the attitude of the Democratic
party. There are exceptions, because there
are exceptions in every party ; there are men
who do not indorse these sentiments, some
prominent men who do not indorse them, but
they speak the sentiments of the mass of that
party.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"As we have just remarked, we do not propose to
discuss at large the question of negro government, in
these pages ; but we feel that it would be a derelic-
tion of duty on our part if, after what we have wit-
nessed in South Carolina, we did not admonish the
American people that the present condition of things
in the South cannot last. It was an oft-quoted po-
litical apothegm, long prior to the war, tliatno tti.v-
ernment could exist ' half slave and half free,' The
par.iphase of that proposition is equally true, that
no Government ean long exist 'halt black and half
white.' If the Republican party, or its alf-poweriul
leaders in the North, cannot see this, if they are so
absorbed in the idea of this newly dis^avcied politi-
cal divinity in the negro that, they cannot compre-
hend its social repugnance or its political dangers;
or, knowing it, have the wanton, wicked, and crimi-
nal purpose of disregarding its eonseq uenocs, whet her
in the present or in the future, and the great mass
of American white citizens should still be so mail as
to sustain them in their heedless careei of loicmg
negro supremacy over white men, why then 'fare-
well, a long farewell,' to constitutional liberty on
this continent, and the glorious form ot government
bequeathed to us by our fathers. Themmdot eveiy
thinking man is troubled about our future, lie
knows that a conflict of races must be the inevitable
result of such a policy. In a struggle for the politi-
cal power of the State this conflict is already as
clearly marked as white is from black. The line of
separation between parties there to-day is not only
one of color and distinctive races, naked and un-
broken, but it is a question of supremacy, of exclu-
sive tenure to office, of the light to govern, and a
separation of representation from taxation.
" Such an anomalous state of affairs as one race
