2390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
• viva voce vote of each member present, a person for
the purpose aforesaid, and a person having a ma-
jority of all the votes of the said joint assembly, a
majority of all the members elected to both houses
being present and voting, shall be declared duly
elected; and in case no person shall receive such
majority on the first day, the joint assembly shall
meet at twelve o'clock meridian of each succeeding
day during the session of the Legislature, and take
at least one vote until a Senator shall be elected."
Here, it will be seen, the idea of "a major-
ity" reigns paramount over all else, seven
times repeated in one brief section ; and yet
this national statute, so packed in definitive
meaning, requiring "a majority of all the
votes in each House," "a majority of all the
votes of said joint assembly, a majority of
all the members elected to both houses being
present and voting," has been disjointed, and
its plain and obvious intent tortured into the
support of a person as Senator who, at no
stage of the electoral proceedings, was any-
thing but a hopeless candidate, or who received
more than an extremely meager minority of
the votes cast. The constitution of North Car-
olina and the law of Congress both require
tte presence of a majority of all the members,
not for dumb show, not as idle lookers-on,
butfor the transaction of business. They must
be ''present and voting." That presence can
only be legally known by their voting, and
when they do vote we cannot separate a part
of the voters and say to them, in the language
of Rip Van Winkle, "This time your vote
shall not count." If a majority did not vote
for General Abbott, there is no process of
alchemy, no deviltry of logic, no discreditable
uncertainty of American law which can change
the fact. The law I have quoted, if every page
of congressional history was not in harmony
with the same theory, would contradict and
confound the claims of General Abbott. The
Senate will judge whether Mr. Vance is eli-
gible or not, and also whether Geueral Abbott
has been elected or not, but it cannot be
expected to change aud reverse the vote of a
State Legislature or to invade its privileges;
nor can Geueral Abbott, with all his loyally,
and Mr. Vance with all his votes, be rolled
into one to make a Senator.
The conclusions reached by what I have
said may be summed up as follows :
]. That the claim of a minority candidate
to an election 011 account of any inlirmity or
disability of the person otherwise leally elected
offends every idea of political propriety.
2. That, without a single exception, every
precedent of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives stands out against the doctrine of
winning minorities.
3. That even British precedents do not sus-
tiin the case of Abbott—as the ineligibility of
Vance was removable at the pleasure of Con-
gress, and the election was by a body where a
majority of all its members was necessary to
elect, and not a popular election by the, people,
of whom no such quorum can be required—
and if British precedents did sustain the case,
they would be at war with the whole theory
and past history of our form of government
and must be rejected, whether in whole or in
part.
There being no such congressional pre-
vo«ent as the admission of General Abbott
would make, the establishment of one now
•would be not only a gross wrong but highly
Impolitic, h'inally, it is our duty to declare
that—
5. There is a vacancy in the representation
of North Carolina iu the Senate ol the United
States.
Mr. THUIIMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Will the Senator give
way to me?
Mr. THURMAN. The duty assigned me
on the part of committee requires me to take
part in this discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska [Mr. Hitchcock] is claiming
the attention of the Senator from Ohio. Does
he yield to the Senator from Nebraska?
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I wish to proposethat
we adjourn over to-morrow.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
Mr. THURMAN. I am entirely at the
pleasure of the Senate. I should not like, I
confess, to proceed this evening at this late
hour, for I know Senators would be thinking
of their dinner rather than of the argument.
I wish not to occupy a very great while of the
time of the Senate, and I do hope I may have
the attention of Senators while I speak, and
that will very much abbreviate my remarks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to sug-
gest to the Senator from Ohio that the Senator
from North Carolina who sits at my side [Mr.
Pool] desires to take part in this discussion,
and he will not be able to be here next week.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senate adjourn
now I am perfectly willing that the Senator
from North Carolina shall take the floor for
to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I made the sug-
gestion in behalf of the Senator from North
Carolina, under the supposition that when the
Senate adjourn to-day, it would, perhaps, ad-
journ over to Monday. The Senator from
North Carolina naturally takes a deep interest
in this question, and desires to address the
Senate upon it; but his duties require him to
be elsewhere ; he is obliged to go to his State,
so that it will be very difficult for him to remain
here. I suggest to the Senator from Ohio
whether it will be agreeable to him that this
subject should be postponed until a week from
Monday next.
Mr. THUIIMAN and others. No; no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio declines to yield for a motion to
postpone.
Mr. STEWART. May I ask the Senator
from Ohio, if he does not wish to go on this
evening, to allow me to call up a little bill?
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to have an under-
standing before I give way to any one. I am
perfectly willing to do whatever is the pleas-
ure of the Senate, except that I am not will-
ing to agree to the suggestion made by the
Senator from Maine, that this matter be post-
poned until Monday week. I do not know
that it will be possible forme to be here theu.
Besides that, I want to reply to what has been
said at once or as soon as I can. I am
willing to do so to morrow or to do so on
Monday ; but I am told it is impossible to have
a quorum here on Saturday.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let us adjourn till
Monday.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not want to speak
to empty benches. If the matten goes over
until Monday, I want an understanding that
it shall be concluded on Monday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say,
on further consultation with the Senator from
North Carolina, that if it is the pleasure of the
Senate to adjourn until to-morrow the Senator
from North Carolina will speak to-morrow.
Mr. POOL rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield to the Senator from North
Carolina with that understanding?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly; I am willing
that he may take the floor now.
Mr. POOL. No, sir, I did not rise for that
purpose.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I believe the Senator
from Ohio undertook to give way to me to
make a motion that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 am willing that that
question shall be put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio being on the floor yields to the Sena-
tor from Nebraska, who desires to enter a
motion that when the Senate adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday next. Is there
objection ?
Mr. COLE. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest that
in view of the fact that the Senator from
North Carolina desires to address the Senate,
and cannot be here on Monday, the Senate,
under those circumstances, will be disposed to
sit to-morrow.
Mr. POOL. I shall not be able to be here
any day next week. If I should address the
Senate to-morrow, and the vote should not be
reached to-morrrow, I should still want final
action postponed until I could return, for I
might desire to take still further part in the
debate than simply addressing the Senate
once.
Mr. THURMAN. Then let us have final
action to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART and others. Yes, let us act
to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Ohio is still entitled to the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator from
North Carolina desires to take the floor now
for to-morrow, I will give way for him to move
an adjournment himself.
Mr. POOL. I have no such desire.
Mr. THURMAN. Then there is nothing
before the Senate, and I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion that I may call up a
little bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio withdraw his motion tempo-
rarily?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. I ask .the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 522.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks unanimous consent to call
up Senate bill No. 522.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pendency
of the resolution in regard to the North Caro-
lina case prevents the bill referred to by the
Senator from Nevada being taken up, except
by unanimous consent. The resolution, how-
ever, can be laid on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
- The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Ohio yields for that purpose the Chair
will entertain the motion.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not yield for that
purpose; but I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. COLE. Pending that motion I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion for an executive session, the Senator
from California moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. HOWE and others addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. HOWE. I do not propose to debate
it, but I ask the Senator from Calfornia to
withdraw the motion for a moment that I may
have au en or corrected in reference to a reso-
lution which was passed this morning.
Mr. COLE. Certainly, for that purpose.
Mr. HOWE. 1 reported this morning a
House resolution allowing the commissioner
on southern claims to make a report to Con-
gress during this session. By a mistake I
sent to the desk a copy of the Senate bill on
that subject, which was the same in substance
and almost the same in language.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate hav-
ing heard the explanation of the chairman of
the Committee on Claims, that this morning
by a mistake a Senate bill was passed relative
to the southern claims commission, instead of
a House joint resolution which he intended
to report, now asks unanimous consent to
have that error corrected and to have the
action of the Senate stand as applying to the
joint resolution. Is there objection ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I was not
