1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2391
present, when that passed, and I should like
to have the matter lie over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDES L\ The Senator
from Vermont objects. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator has no objection
to reconsidering the vote passing the Senate
bill, [ suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reconsider-
ation will be considered as ordered, and the
matter will go over until to-morrow.
Mr. COLE. I renew my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. STOCKTON. I appeal to the Senator
from California to withdraw his motion for a
moment.
Mr. COLE. I will do that if the Senate wish
to go into executive session for a few moments.
Mr. STOCKTON. We ought to have an
executive session. There are some matters
of the Naval Committee in executive session
that ought to be attended to.
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California withdraws his motion to
adjourn, and the question recurs on the motion
of the Senator from Ohio, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. •
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After thiriy-five minutes spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day. it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask for the yeas aud
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Chandler,
Clayton, Cole, Conkhng, Corbett, Cragin. Harlan,
Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine. Norwood, Nye, Pat-
terson. Robertson. Sawyer, Stewart. Stockton, Tip-
ton, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Me srs. Alcorn, liavurd, Blair, Caldwell,
Cameron, Casserly, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia,
Edmunds, Frelinghuysen, Groldthwaite, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Os-
born, Pool. Ramsey, Salisbury, Scott, Spencer,
Stevenson, Tburman, and Vickcrs—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Carpenter, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton. Ferry of
Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbort,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Kellogg, Lewis.Morrill
of Vermont,'Morton. Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice. Sohurz,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, and'West—25.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ala-
bama, that when the Senate adjourns to-day,
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
committee service.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Osborn a member of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. 11. No. 1866) tor the
relief of Mrs. Frances A. McKinuey, in the
place of Mr. Thur.max, excused.
On motion of Mr. SPENCER, (at five o'clock
and five minutes p. m.,) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 12, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, I). D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
tub late erastus corning.
Mr. PERRY, of New York, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolulion;
which was load, considered, and agreed to :
Ifr-olrnl, That this House has heard with pro-
found regret of the death of Hon. lirastus Corn-
ing, late a member of this House from the btato
of New York, who, while living, was recognized as
one of the most eminent citizens of that State, and
actively connected with the great improvements of
the whole country.
colonel burnside.
M-r. SMITH, of New York. I rise to a
matter of personal explanation. I am re-
ported in the Globe, of the 9th of April, as
having spoken of the claimant in a bill which
passed the House the day before, as General
Burnside. My recollection is quite otherwise.
I intended at any rate to speak of him by his
true title, as Colonel Burnside, a less distin-
guished but not less gallant soldier than his
renowned namesake. I make this explanation
in justice to General Burnside, who, while he
was engaged in suppressing the rebellion, had
but one iron in the fare. While I believe there
is no doubt about the justice of this claim, I
feel that this correction is due to General
Burnside, who, like all good soldiers, is jeal-
ous of his honor, and it is well he should be,
because his fame belongs not to himself alone,
but to his country. *
order op business.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I demand
the regular order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
waive his demand for the regular order to allow
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore] to
make a request in regard to reports from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The only
means I have of calling the atteniion of the
House to important resolutions is to insist
on the regular order.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called, the House resumes the consideration
of the report of the Committee of the Whole
on the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1060) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 187o, and for other purposes, on
which the previous question was seconded
and the main question ordered prior to the
adjournment last evening. Gentlemen will
now please to indicate on what amendments
they desire a separate vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire a separate vote
on amendment ninety-two.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire a sep-
arate vote on amendment ninety. There is
also another, that having reference to the
Pi-egister of the Treasury, on which several
gentlemen desire a separate vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. I also desire separate votes
on amendments forty-eight and forty nine.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I would like
to have a separate vote on the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Baxkr] in regard to taking up the railroad
track in front of the Capitol.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
that there shall be a separate vote on the
twenty-fifth amendment, on page 15.
The SPEAKER. A separate vote has been
ordered op that. If no other separate vote is
demanded, the report of the Committee of
the Whole oil the other amendments will be
considered as concurred in, where no separate
vote has been demanded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the report, as
regards those amendments, was concurred in;
and also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The first question in
order is on the amendment number twenty-
five, on page 15. The Clerk will report the
amendment adopted by the Committee of
the Whole, and also the amendment offered
by the gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] last evening. But in the meau time
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is
entitled to one hour to close debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
do not desire to trespass upon the attention of
the House, for I am anxious as they are to
get on with business, but I wish to call atten-
tion to one or two items which we are asked
to vote upon.
I "ought to say to the House that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations were surprised at
the vote of the Coinmiitee of the Whole in
regard to the squares proposed to be added to
the Capitol grounds. The committee had no
idea that'tbe Committee of the Whole would
be m favor of that amendment. I do not know
that they are yet for it, but an amendment was
adopted in Committee of the Whole which
seems to neutralize the meaning of the sec-
tions concerning this purchase. The amount
of money put in is so limited as to make the
purchase impossible or at leastto make itunfeas-
ible. Whether we are to regard the adoption
of that as instructions or not I can scarcely
say, but 1 hope that the House will non con-
cur in the amendment of the Senate, so that
if anything is to be done in this regard the
provisions may be looked over with more care.
One or two things which were mentioned in
the debate yesterday are worthy the consider-
ation of the House. The Senate amendment
does not provide for the condemnation of this
property by a jury, but provides for its con-
demnation by a court.
I very much doubt whether we have any
right under the Constitution to take private
property without having a regular assessment
by a jury. If we are going to make this pur-
chase at all I think we ought to have some
amendment put m which will provide for a
jury of assessment. If we concur in the Senate
amendment without change we leave all these
questions unsettled, and we also leave the
amendment without that amount of care that
the Committee on Appropriations would have
taken had they supposed there was any rea-
sonable probability of the amendment being
adopted by the House. For these reasons I
hope the House will non-concur in the Senate
amendments.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to expiess my hope against
his hope that the House will concur in this
amendment?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I tried to state
fairly aud justly the grounds for and against
this amendment yesterday, but I want what-
ever is to be done to be done with the utmost
care, aud if I were to indicate what ought to be
done, I should say that the suggestion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
made on yesterday, is the wisest suggestion:
that wc make arrangements for an assessment
and for a tiue report on the whole subject
with a view to condemnation of the property.
Twenty years ago when action was had upon
this subject it was taken in that foim. A
commissioner was appointed to go over the
whole ground aud find out at what late the
purchase could be had by piivate persons, and
make such estimates aud such report that Con-
gress would have the entire subject fully before
them. It seeing to me, sir, mat we should
take the same course now.
I yield tor a moment to the gentleman trom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say that I am very much iu favor of this
improvement, and wish it to be done in the most
economical and efficient way possible. But I
hold it to be a constitutional provision, the fun-
damental law, that you cannot take a man s
property without giving him a tiial by jury to
ascertain how much it is worth. If there is any-
thing in the Constitution, tUat is there. You can-
not take a man's property aud say that he shall
have so many dollars for it. The provision is
that there shall be adequate compensation, and
for that the common law-right is secuied by
the Constitution, and there is but one tribunal,
a jury of twelve men.
Now, what I wish should be done is that
