1872.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
599
Henry, Melntyre, McKinney, McNeely, Benjamin
I?. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, Niblack, Hosea V.
Parker, Eli Perry. Potter, Price, Randall, Bead,
Edward Y. Kioe. John M. Rice, Ritchie. William
11. Roberts, Rogers, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Slo-
cum, SIoss, Swann, Terry, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Waddcll, Warren, Wells, Whittliorne,
Winchester. Wood, and Young—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beattv, Beveridge, Bigby. Bingham, George
M. Brooks, Buckley, liuffinton. Burchard, Burdett,
Roderick ll.Butler.William T. Clarke.Cobb.Cobum,
Coshlan, Conger. Cotton. llarrall, Dawes,. Donnan,
Duell, Bunnell, Eames, Edwards, F<n-nsworth, Far-
well, Finketnburs, Charles Foster, Wilder D.Foster.
Garfield, Hale, iialsey, Harmer, Havens, If aw ley.
Hay, Gerry AY. Hazleton, John W. If azietori, Hill,
}loar. Hooper, Houprhton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketch am,
Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, JSfcGrevr,
McJunkin.McKeo.Mercur.Merriatn,Monroe, Moore.
Morev, Movphis,Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Pack-
ard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peek, Pendle-
ton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry. Peters, Poland. Porter,
Prindlo, Kainey, -Ellis H. Roberts, ltusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Sceloy, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shella-
barger, John A. Smith, Snapp, Snyder. Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stough-
ton, fcitowel!, Syphei, Taffe. Thomas, "Washington
'Townsend, Turner, Tyner. Upson, Wakeman. Wal-
den, Waldron, Wallace. Walls, Wheeler, Whitcley,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—115.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Benjamin F.Butler,
Campbell, Freeman Clarke. Creely, Critcher, Dc
Larsse, Dickey, Elliott, Ely, Frye, Goodrich, (JeorgB
1!. Harris. Hays, Kiilinger, Kinseila. Marshall, Me-
Crary, Merrick, Piatt, ltobinson, Roosevelt, Sco-
iield, Shoemaker, H. Board in an Smith', Worthington
C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Storm, Strong,
St. John, Sutherland, Dwisht Townsend, Xutbill,
Twiehell, and Williams of New York—40.
So the House refused tp substitute the reso-
lution offered by Mr. Beck for the resolution
reported by the committee.
The question was next on agreeing to the
resolution reported by the committee.
The question being taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; aud
also moved tliat the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FliOll THE S1SNA.TU.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerics, informed the House that
the Seriate insisted on its amendment's to the
bill (H. R. No. 1062)'to admit certain machin-
ery imported from foreign countries free of
duty; that it agreed to the committee of con-
ference asked by the House of Representatives
thereon, and that it had appointed Mr. Sher-
man, Mr. Kellogg, and Mr. Goldthivaite, as
managers of the conference on the part of
the Senate.
postal contracts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent. reported back from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post .Roads the communi-
cation of the Postmaster General of January
2i, 1872, and accompanying papers, in relation
to postal contracts, and moved that tbe same
be ordered to be printed, and recommitted to
the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
louisville aa'd portland canal.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of the 17th instant, in relation to the
Louisville and Portland canal; which was re-
ferred lo the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
public building at oshkosh, wisconsin.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution
of "the House of Representatives of April 14,
3871, in relation to the erection of a public
building at Oshkosh, Wisconsin ; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
CLAIM OF H. M. I'OSDICK.
Tbe SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to the claim of
ft. M. Fosdick on account of depredation!
committed on his property in 1864 by the
Arapaho Indians ; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. Hawley for ten days, on
account of sickness in his family.
By unanimouscoiisent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Sherwood for ten days, on
account of the death'of a near relative.
adjournment ovl'h!.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise lo a privileged
motion. I move that when the House adjourns
to-morrow, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 hope not. I
hope we shall be allowed to go on with the
appropriation bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, I hope wc shall
adjourn over.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that, lie shall wait until to-
morrow to submit his motion.
Mr. RANDALL, I have made the motion
to-day so that members may be.able to regu-
late their movements for Saturday.
Mr. DAWES. It must certainlybe import-
ant that gentlemen may be able to arrange
their business so as to leave the city as early
as possible, hut 1 suggest to the gentleman
that the public business had better lie at tended
to a little, and that we wait to act upon this
motion until to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Strictly speaking, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is not entitled
to the floor to make this motion. The gentle-
man from Ohio was upon the floor to submit a
motion, and the Chair interrupted him to lay
bufore the House the usual business
T, J. J0UI5.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before I move
to go into Committee of the Whole, I yield to
my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
who desires to ask the House to pass a bill.
Onmot.ion of Mr. MAYNA RD, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 524) to correct a cler-
ical error in the enrollment of an act approved
Mal-eli 7, 1870, entitled "An act to relieve
certain persons therein named from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United Slates, and for other purposes,was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
name of S. J. Jobe, of Catoosa county, in the
State of Georgia, which appears in the act
approved March 7, 1870, and which in the bill
that was passed by the Senate and House of
Representatives was written "T. J. Jobe,"
but was in the enrolled bill erroneously written
"S. J. Jobe," be corrected and changed to
"T.J. Jobe."
The bill was ordered to a third reading,
and was accordingly read the third time, aud
passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield for
a moment to my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, reported a bill (II. R. No. 1191)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 1878, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed, and made the special order for Tues-
day next, and from day to day thereafter until
disposed of.
Mr. BECK. I reserve all points of order
upon that bill.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred and made a
special order; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ndw insist
upon my motion that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the st$te of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill
No. 1060, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, aud judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose yesterday the paragraph of the bill had
been reached which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Assay Office at Boise City, Idaho :
For salaries of superintendent, assayer, melter,
aud clerk, $7,400.
For wages of worlcmon, $3,000.
Kor incidental and contingent expenses, $1,500.
Mr. SHOBER. 1 move to amend by insert-
ing after the paragraph in relation to Bois6
City, Idaho, the following:
Branch Mint at Charlotte, North Carolina;
For assayer, SI,500; for wages of workmen, $1,402;
for chemicals, charcoal, and incidental and miscel-
laneous expenses, SI,500.
The amendment, that T have proposed con-
templates the samp appropriation that has
heretofore beeu made for this purpose. I re-
gret very much that the Committee on Appro-
priations failed to report any appropriation for
this branch mint. I can .see no reason why
they did not do so. This establishment at
Charlotte is a very old one, one that has been
in existence for nearly forty years. The same
reasons which existed for it originally exist
to day. The region in which ihis branch mint
is located is one of the finest gold-producing
regions in the United States. Although the
mining interests there have been languishing
by reason of the disastrous scenes through
which we have just passed, yet the operations
of gold mining there are reviving and being
carried on to a greater extent every year. I
concede that during the last two years the
operations of this establishment, as an assay
office havo not been very great; but the mining
interests there are daily developing and grow-
ing, and we de=ire that this office shall be kept
np in order to afford facilities to the miners
there, aud to stimulate the mining interests in
that, region.
This branch mint is located in a mining
region abounding in mineral wealth, near a
railroad center, from which five railroads
diverge in every direction. The gold regions
of North Carolina, South Carolina, and Geor-
gia; in fact, the gold regions of the South are
interested in the maintenance of this estab-
lishment, and we desire it to be continued as
an assay office. It is the only one that we
have in tbe South. The building is there with
all the appliances necessary to carry on the
operations of the office. The appropriation
asked for, amounting to less than four thou-
sand five hundred dollars, is scarcely more
than would be required to keep the property
I in a condition of proper repair in ease it was
not occupied as ati assay office. I hope that
under these circumstances, in justice to out-
people, this Committee of the Whole will adopt
the amendment. 1 have olfeied, and incor-
porate this appropriation into this bill. Our
people are interested in this ancient establish-
ment, and I should regret, we all there would
regret, to see it abolished. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr GARKlELD. of Ohio. This appropri-
ation for a branch mint at Charlotte was struck
out las:, year, atid this fear the Committee oa
