1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3287
cerned and the charges that are made against
him, there has been serious difficulty between
Governor Davis and some of the citizens of
Texas. That is not very remarkable. It is
only what has pertained unfortunately since
the rebebion in most of the S.tates with their
Executives. It was impossible thatan exec-
utive officer. I care not though he may have
been Solomon with all his wisdom, could have
been placed down there and have given satis-
faction to all. There was a rebel spirit there
that could not be satisfied. It is there yet, I
regret to say. I am gratified on this occasion
that my colleague in speaking of the matter
does not attribute any thing improper to either
the Federal orthe State authorities. He does not
even condemn Governor Davis for his action,
yet he may arrive at the conclusion, and from
his remarks I think he does, that it would have
been better had the Governor not gone so
far in the transaction as he did. Sufficient it
is to say on my part that I verily believe Gov-
ernor Davis did nothing on that occasion that
he did not feel bound to do from necessity, and
if there had been occasion for Federal inter-
vention President Grant would have acted.
Evety man knows that he will promptly dis
charge his duty upon all occasions. You may
lug him in from time to time and charge him
wiih this, that, or the other; but I have not
seen anything j et that has adhesiveness enough
in it to stick when 3'ou throw it against the
wall. It all falls harmless at his feet. But
upon that occasion he did nothing improper.
1 have full knowledge of that fact, for I par-
ticipated iu the matter so far as I have inti-
mated to the Senate.
There was a police force inaugurated by
Governor Davis's efforts and sent broadcast
throughout the State, not directed to interfere
with elections or to have anything to do with
them one way or the other. They had been
established many months previously. They
weie distributed throughout the State, how-
ever, at the elections, and what were the con-
sequences? 1 speak now not at random; I
speak from what I saw and what I know. I
know that in that State, particularly as far as
I saw, and 1 traveled through the State directly
afterward, the police were appropriated by
the rebel spiiit, and instead of protecting the
ballot-box in its purity they were used. I
have a report in a paper or two in my trunk
that I have carried with me going to show
that, rebel newspapers were speaking in praise
of the police, saying how well they had con-
ducted themselves, particularly after they had
suffered themselves to be appropriated and
made the tools of the party that was in op-
position to the Federal and State governments.
These are the (acts. They are stubborn
things. I regret that they exist, but they do,
and 1 have 110 idea that there was any inter-
ference in any way, manner, or shape, either
directly or remotely, to prejudice the election
there by either Federal or State troops.
Mr. NORWOOD. Mr. President, I do not
rise to discuss this question, but simply to
muke a remark in reference to some election
Statistics that the honorable Senator from
Indiana quoted from touching my own State.
I find by casting my eye upon the heading of
the little book lie used, which the Senator was
kind enough to lend me, that these statistics
are compiled from the Tribune Almanac for
1869. Now, 1 would ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana in all kindness wnether he
desites the Senate to take the statement of
facts as true that is contained in this Tribune
Almanac? Are we to rely upon it, and is !
his statement as to the election in Georgia I
to go to the country as true based upon the j
Statistics that are given here in this tribune |
Almanac? 1 believe the editor of that paper I
is now a candidate for the Presidency^ of the j
United States; and if the honorable Senator
himself relies upon his s'atements as correct., |
he must inttoduce the witness as his own, as j
a truthful character. He must believe that I
the witness is truthful, or he would not in-
troduce him on the stand. Now, if he be
lieves him to be truthful in this instance, I
presume he will not attack his witness upon
any other ground or upon any other statement.
I would ask the honorable Senator if he be-
lieves all that this witness of his says in ref-
erence to the present Administration to be
true? If he believes all that Mr. Greeley says
in reference to the Democrats who were his
political opponents at that time, why should
the Senator not believe all that he says about
his political opponents at this time? I ask
him, therefore, most respectfully if he expects
us here in the Senate and the country to take
this compilation of statistics from the mouth
of this witness and believe them to be true,
and that we shall discard all that the same
witness says in reference to his own adminis-
tration, in reference to liis own candidate for
the Presidency as false?
Now, Mr. President, it happens that upon
an examination of these statis'ics I find that
they are not correct. I know that the honor-
able Senator from Indiana did not intend to
produce anything here that he did not believe
to be true as a statistical statement; but. he
knows himself, and he will find by looking at
these very statistics, that the statement is con-
tradicted. The Legislature of Georgia was
overwhelmingly Republican in IStiS, and yet
the very compilation from which he makes his
quotation gives the Democratic party in the
Legislature of Georgia, in that year, twenty-
nine majority. In the senate alone, the He-
publicans had a majority of ten, and they had
a very large majority iu the house. If these
statistics are lalse in any one particular, we
have no reason to believe that they are true in
any or in the main.
Again, the honorable Senator from Indiana,
in pointing out the counties where 110 vote was
cast for General Grant, gave us the county of
Bartow. Why, sir. there was 110 vote cast in
that county, according to this table, either for
Bullock or Gordon, in the election in April.
There was no vote cast for Seymour and there
was none for Grant. It would appear from
this table that there was no election held in
Bartow county at all, which is not the fact.
The county of Bartow was represented by
members of the Legislature who were clected
at the time this election was held.
Then the conclusion to be arrived at, Mr.
President, is merely this: that the statistics
from which the Senator from Indiana has
quoted are incomplete in the first, place, and
where they purport to state facts they are
untrue. Now, is it necessary to go further
in discussing the statistics in that compila-
tion? I take it the Senator from Indiana
will not urge the statements contained in that
document to be facts in reference to anything
that occurred in the elections in Georgia.
Mr. MORTON'. Mr. President, if I under-
stand my friend from Georgia his argument
amounts to this: that if I take the Tribune
Almanac as being reliable in regard to election
returns and mere matters of statistics, which
we may suppose are collectcd from official
sources, and ought to be, I therefore ought to
take ail that Mr. Greeley says about his opin-
ion in regard to the present Administration !
I think that is clearly a noti seqwitur.
Mr. NORWOOD. I simply state that they
are not collected from official data, because
the statement is palpably unttue as to the
Legislature. We know, everybody knows that
that was largely Republican ; and yet twenty-
nine majority is given here to the Democrats.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator argues that
the figures given here in regard to the vote iu
Georgia, county by county, cannot be relied
upon, because there was a Republican major-
ity elected to each branch of tne Legislature.
Now, I will say to my friend that I have the
understanding that the Legislature was elected
in the spring at the time the State government
was organized, when they elected their Gov-
ernor and Lieutenant Governor, and elected
members of the Legislature and put the ma-
chine of the State government in operation.
The Legislature was elected then, and was not
elected at the presidential election.
Mr. NORWOOD. That is correct.
Mr. MORTON. So that there was no Legis-
lature elected at the time the vote was given
for Grant and Seymour, and no inference can
be drawn that the figures in regard to the
presidential election are incorrect because a
Republican Legislature had beeu elected in
the spring before. I repeat the fact that in
the spiing election the Republicans carried
the State by seven thousand, and lost it by
forty thousand in the. fall, showing that some
extraordinary causes had been to work. The
Senator says that the figures in the Tribune
Almanac cannot be relied upon, and he proves
it by showing that a Republican Legislature
had been elected in the spring. Let me ask
the converse of the proposition. If these
figures in regard to the election and the vote,
county by county, cannot be relied upon, I
ask the Senator how he can rely upon the
opinions of Mr. Greeley in regard to the
present Administration ?
Mr. NORWOOD. I do not understand the
Senator.
Mr MORTON. I am putting the converse
of the Senator's proposition. The Senator
thinks if I rely on the figures in Greeley's
almanac as being correct, I must also take
the opinions of Mr. Greeley in regard to the
present Administration. lie says tnese figures
are incorrect. I put this question to him : if
he cannot rely on the figures of the almanac,
and they are incorrect, how can he rely 011
Mr. Greeley's opinions of the Administration?
Mr. NORWOOD. He is not my witness;
I do not rely upon Mr. Greeley.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says he does
not rely upon Mr. Greeley. That is another
witness. We had one yesterday from Dela-
ware substantially to the same purport; now
we have got one from Georgia. 1 am afraid
he is going to be disappointed in regard to his
support. [Laughter.] It is giving me deep
concern ! But it is very clear that, if I, because
I take his figures in an almanac as being true,
must also take his political opinions in his
paper about the Administration, if the Sen-
ator refuses to take his figures as correct he
cannot take his opinions about the Adminis-
tiation. I leave the argument right there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car
pester.) The question is 011 concurring in
the Senate in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third leading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I call for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr. BLAIR. I am paired with the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] on this question.
If he were present I would vote against the
bill, and the Senator from Illinois would vote
for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—jeas o3, nays 1G ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreoian, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clavton, Corbett, Ed-
munds, lAjriy ot Connecticut, Jj'erry of Michigan,
i'lanagan, lHelmghuy.ien, Gilbert, Hamilton ot
Texas, Hitchcock. Howe, Kellogg, Jlotnll ot Ver-
mont, Mo> ton. Osbnrn, Pomeioy, Pool, Pratt, Itnm-
pey, ilice, Scott, Spencer, Sumner. "West, Wilson,
Windoin and Wright—33.
NAYS—ales.-rs. li.ryard, Casserly, Cooper, Gold-
thw.utc, iiimniton ot Maryland, Johnston, KciJy,
J\Tm>voo<l, ltansom, Simtsbury, Stevenson, Stockton,
Thurmari. Tipton, Trumbull, and Yicker=—It).
ALSUNi'—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair,, Browmow,
Buckingham. Caldwell. Cote, Conklinr, Ciagin,
Davis ot' Kentucky, Davl* of West Virginia,
denton, Ilamhn, iiartan, 1111J, Lewis Logan, Morrill
of Maine, 2\,1 'j, Patteison, Robertson, _Sawyer,
Schuiz, Snenuan, Sprague, and Stewart—25.
So the bill -.vas passed.
The title of the bill was amended by striking
out the words '' an'd for other purposes," so
