3288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
as to make it read, UA bill to preseriba the
time for holding the election for electors of
President and Vice President in the State of
Louisiana."
OUDKR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
now resume the consideration of Senate bill
No. 791.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was going to ask the
Senator from Indiana if, before taking up that
bill, he would have any objection to allowing
me to call up the bill to establish a court in
the Indian country ? It is a matter that ought
to be attended to. I do not think it will take
long. 1 have tried to get it up several times.
The bill that he desires to take up will take
some time probably; I do not know whether
it will or not, but if he will let me call this bill
up 1 think we can dispose of it probably in
twenty minutes, and then it will be out of the
•way. It is a bill that ought to pass. I have no
other interest in it than the public service. Jt
is a bill that should be acted on, and it is not so
material whether his bill is disposed of to-day
or not.
Mr. MORTON. I should be glad to oblige
the Senator from Illinois, but I have already
refused similar requests made by a number of
other Senators. 1 therefore ask that the bill
betaken up, and then if the Senate choososto
go mi with other business it can do so.
The PRESIDING OPEICER. The motion
is to proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill 791, which was laid on the table by the
Senate a few hours ago.
The motion was agreed to.
KXHOtmVK SESSION.
Mr. &UMN10R. 1 wish to ask the Senate
to be good enough to go into executive ses-
sion for about live minutes. There is some
business on which it. ought to art, which re-
lates to a. committee with which I um con-
nected. I therefore move that tins Senatepro-
cecd to tho consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. MORTON. With the understanding
that Ihe doors shall be opened again directly
J make no objection, the election bill being
pending.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. A fier twenty minutesspent in exec-
utive session, t.he doors were reopened.
MKSKAdK PROM T1IK J101M15.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhkunon, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills }
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill (11. R. No. (152) granting a pension
to Hugh T. Ferguson, ;i private of the war
of 1812;
A bill (IT. R. No. to restore to the
pension-roll Nancy (Jloud, widow of William
Cloud, a revolutionary pensioner;
A bill {II. lb. No. i JU2) to lake away the
ciicutt court jurisdiction of the district court
of the United Stales for t.he northern district
of Georgia, to create a circuit court in said
district, and for other purposes;
A hul (II. R. No. *A1\'2) for the relief of
Jesse .MeC'oy;
A bill UI. Ji. No. 2130) granting a pension
to ttinwou b'arnsworth, of Danville, Vermont ;
A bill (LI. 11. No. Io70) directing that n
bounty-land warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres oi land he issued to Elislia Franklin for
military services m the war of 1812;
A bill (II. R. No. 23u9) granting a pension
to Sarah Fond ; and
A bill (JI. R. No. 1071) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the resolution of the Senate for
the printing of additional copies of the report
of the Smithsonian Institution for the year
1871, with amendments; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the resolution of the
Senate for the printing of additional copies of
the report of the proceedings of the conven-
tion of delegates from agricultural colleges,
State agricultural societies, &c., held in the
city of Washington on the 15th, 16th, andl7th
of February, 1872, and communicated to the
Senate by the Commissioner of Agriculture.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H, li. No. 204*2) for
the relief of Fannie M. Jackson, of Tennessee.
UNROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice Presideut:
A bill (S. No. 807) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to pay certain certificates issued
for fortification purposes in Lawrence, Kansas;
A bill (S. No. 030) relinquishing certain
wharf property to the city of New Orleans ;
A bill (H. it. No. 2042) for the lelief of
Fannie M. Jackson, of Tennessee j and
A bill (II. it. No. 2082) authoiizing the con-
struction of a public building at Fall River, in
the State of Massachusetts.
AMKNDATOKY KNFOKCKMENT ACT.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the Senate to take
up the House bill relative to holding terms of
the circuit court in the eighth circuit.
Mr. MORTON. 1 hope we shall go on with
the bill regularly before us. I think we can
finish it this evening. 1 should be glad to ac-
commodate my friend, but if I yield to him I
shall have to yield to others who will make
similar requests. 1 ask the Senate to proceed
with the consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate, and will be read.
The Senate, us in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 7UI) to
aiiK'nd an act entitled ''An act to amend an
act approved .May 31, 1870, entitled "An aet
to enforce the rights of citizens of tlm United
States to vote m the several States of the
Union, and for other purposes."
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Privileges and Elections with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section one to strike out the word Ck circuit"
wherever it occurs and insert "district;1' so as
to make the section read:
lie i( rn«c(f<{,d'c, Th lit see t ion two of an act approved
February US, 1871, entitled "An net to amend an act
approved May iU, 1870, onto ted 'An act to enfoioo
tin) r ights ofciti/ens ot flu; United Stales to vote in
the ,se\ oral States of the Union, and for other pur-
poses/ " shall Ik-, and the same is hereby, amended
so as to read as follows, to wit: " that whenever
in any eongiessional di.-tuct there shall he two cit-
j l/ons I hereof who, prior to any registiation of voters
i fni an election for RepieM>nt,itivc or Delegate in
I llie Congress of tiio United State*, or prior to any
I election at which a Repiescntative or Delegate in
! Congress is to bo voted for, bhu.il make known, in
j witting, to the judge of the district court of the
i United States for the distriet wherein such congres-
sional district is situate, their desiio to have said
respiration or said election botli guarded and scru-
tinized, it shall be the duty oi the said judge of
the distriet court, within not le^s than ten days
pi lor to said legMratiou, if one there bo, or, it no
registration be required, within not less than ton days
prior to said election, to open the said district court
;it the most convenient point in said district; ami
the said court when  o opened bv said judge, shall
ptoeeed to appoint and coiumi^ioii, l'rotn day to
day and from time to time, and under the hand of
the said district judge, and under the seal of said
j court, for each district or voting preeinctin said con-
gressional distiict, as shall, in the maimer herein
proscribed, have applied therefor, and to revoke,
change, or renew said appointment from time to
time, two citizens, residents of said district or vot-
ing precinct m said congressional district, who shall
'be of diifei ent political parties, and able to read and
write the English language, and who shall be known
and designated as supervisors of election; and the
said district, court, when opened by the said district
judge as required herein, shall, therefrom and theie-
after, and up to and including the day following the
day of the election, be always open for the trans-
action of business under this act; and the powers
and jurisdiction hereby granted and conferred shall
be exercised as well in vacation as in term time*
and a judge, sitting at chambers, shall have the'
same powers and jurisdiction, including the power
of keeping order and of punishing any contempt
of his authority, as when sitting in the court."
Mr. CARPENTER. The amendment rec-
ommended by the committee is really unne-
cessary, in consequence of a section in the
original act which was not before the com-
mittee and not called to their attention at the
time, and which provides that in casethejudge
of the circuit court is uuable to act he may
assign a district judge to perform the duties.
I hope, therefore, the Senate will not concur
in this amendment. I *say this because I was
on the committee that considered the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me it would
simplify it to adopt the amendment. Why not
let each district judge doit? The circuit judge
has a very large jurisdiction, and it seems to
rue the amendment is a proper one. It sim-
plifies the machinery. I do not wish to dis-
cuss it, although the law as it stands, the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin says—I have not looked
at it—allows the circuit judge to assign this
duty. The circuit judge cannot be present in
all the districts ; he has half a dozen States.
Mr. CARPENTER. He can make the as-
signment under the law as it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me that the
amendment is a good one. I do not see any
possible harm in it.
Ihe amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike out
the second section of the bill, in the following
words:
That section eight of an act approved February
28, 1871, entitled "An act to amend an act approved
May '61,3870, entitled 'An aet to cntorcc the rights
ol citizens of the United States to vote in the sev-
eral States of the Union, and lor other purposes/"
bo, and the samo is hereby, amended so as to read
as follow^, to wit: "that whenever an election at
which Representatives or Delegates in Congress
arc to be chosen shall be held in any congressional
district, the marshal of the United States for the
district in which said congression.il district is sit-
uated shall have power, and it shall be his duty, on
the application, in writing, of at least two citizens
residing in any such congressional district, to ap-
point special deputy marshals, whose duty it shall
he, when required, as provided m this act, to
aid and assist the supcrvisois of election in the
verification of any list of persons inado under the
provisions of this act who may have registered or
voted, or cither to attend in each election district
or voting prccinct at the times and places fixed for
tho registration of voters, and at all tiuies and
placcs whim and where said registration may by
law be scrutinized, and the names of registered
voters bo mark ed ior challenge, and also to attend
at all times for holding such elections at any ward
or voting precin ct in said congressional district;
and tho marshal and his general deputy and such
special deputies shall havo power, and it shall bo
the duty of such special deputies, to keep the peace
and support, and protect the supervisors of elections
in the discharge of their duties, preset ve order at
places of registration arid at such polls, prevent
fiandulent registration and fraudulent voting
thereat, or fraudulent conduct on the part of any
officer of election, and immediately, either at said
placc of registration or polling-place, take into
custody, with or without process, any person who
shall commit, or attempt or offer to commit, any
of tho aets or offenses prohibited by this act or
tho aet hereby amended, or who shall commit any
ollenso against the laws of the United States : Pro-
vided, That no person shall be arrested without
process for any offense not committed in tho pres-
ence ot the marshal or his general or special
deputies, or either of them, or ot the sup< rvieors
of election, oi cither of them ; and, for the purposes
of arrest or the preservation of the peace, the super-
visors of election, and cach oi them, shall, in the
absence of the marshal's deputies, or if icq.uired to
assist said deputies, have the same duties and pow-
ers as deputy marshals: And provided further, That
no person shall, on the day or days of any such
election, be arrested without process ior any offense
committed on the day or days of registration/'
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
That where any State is divided into two or more
judicial districts and a congressional district is situ-
ate partly in one and partly in another judicial dis-
trict, the judge of cach district shall have jurisdic-
tion for the performance of the duties provided for
in the preceding section over that part ot the con-
gressional district included within his judicial dis-
trict upon the filing before him, as provided in the
preceding section, of an application by two citizens
in said congressional district resident within bw
judicial district.
