4184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
Department to credit the account of Albert
D. Pierce, postmaster at Sumnerville, Ottawa
county, Kansas, wit,h the sum of $25 50, being
the value of stamps and stamped envelopes
stolen or destroyed by hostile Indians on the
12ih day of June, 1869.
The bill was reported to the Senate without,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
KISK UNIVERSITY.
Mr. POMEROY. I am directed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred the bill (11. R. No. 2862) to confirm
the purchase by the executive department, of
three acres of land, more or less, in the vicin-
ity of Nashville, Tennessee, known as the site
ot Fort Houston, and to donate and convey
the fame to the Fisk University, for educa-
tional purposes, to report it back without
amendment. It is a bill to donate to the Fisk
University three acres of land near the city
of Nashville in the State of Tennessee. That
institution being so well advertised and this
being so well recommended, I am directed to
ask the present, consideration of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire
whether that is land we have purchased there
for a public building?
Mr. POMEROY. It is land which was pur-
chased during the war by the quartermaster's
department to erect a lott, and has been aban-
doned since the war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. la not that land now
reserved for public buildings?
Mr. POMlflltOY. 1 think not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is some land at
Nashville reserved for that, purpose, and I
should like to have the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds see
this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. J will withdraw the report,
if tln-re is any objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is some land at
Nashville, I know, that has been retained with
a view to erect upon it a public building, and
this bill ought not to be disposed of without
our knowing whether this is the land or not.
Mr. POMEROY. This is in another part,
of the city. I withdraw the report.
MBSHAGK FROM TtIK IJOUSK.
A message from the llonse of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPher.son, itsCleik, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
m which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 2058) granting a pension
to Joseph Goer;
A bill (II. R. No. 2957) granting a pension
to Mary E. Cochran ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2950) to authorize the
building of the New Mexico and Gulf railway,
and for other purposes; and
A bill (II. R. No. 21)59) to regulate the
taking of testimony in certain cases.
TBItRITOIUAL CORPORATIONS.
Mr. NYE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Territories, to whom was referred the
bill (II. It. No. 2633) amendatory of an act
approved March 2, 1867, entitled "An act,
amendatory of atl act to provide a temporary
government for the Teriitory of Montana,
approved May 20, 1804,to report it hack
without amendment, and to ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider t.he bill. It provides that the first sec-
tion of an act approved March 2, 1867, en-
titled "An act amendatory of an act t,o pro-
vide a temporary government for the Territory
of Montana, approved May 26, 1864," so far
as relates to incorporations' which have been
or which may hereafter be created and organ-
ized for the business of mining, manufacturing,
or other industrial pursuits, or the construc-
etruction oroperation of railroads, wagon-roads
irrigating ditches, and tlie colonization and im-
provement of lands in connection therewith, or
for colleges, seminaries, churches, libraries, or
any benevolent, charitable, or .scientific asso-
ciation, and for all rightful subjects of legis-
1 at ion consistent wii h the Constitution of the
United States, under the general incorporation
laws of any Territory of the United States,
shall be construed as having authorized, and
as authorizing the L gislalive Assemblies of the
Territories of the United States, by general
incorporation acts, to permit persons t.o asso-
ciate together as bodies corporate for the pur-
poses named.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
COURTS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1982.
Mr. KELLOGG. Is the morning business
through ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has hardly
commenced yet. This is by unanimous con-
sent.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 1982) to provide for
holding a circuit court of the United Slates in
and lor the western district, of Missouri.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I think the bill had
better watt, until the morning business is over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That objection applies
to all bills.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not, know how the
Senator can a-dc that, any bill should be consid-
ered while the morning business is proceeding.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 ii.se wiiti morning
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, subject
to debate. If objection is made, that arrests
the bill.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 885.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall object.
Mr. ANTHONY. I rise with morning
business.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is in order and the Chair wilt first
submit the business on his table.
IIOU.SK IlU.t.S RHKEltttED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (11. R. No. 2072) for the relief of
'Thomas Burke, of Virginia—to the Committee
on Post OHices and Post, Roads.
'The bill (II. R. No. 2949) for the relief of
William B. Muse—to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The bill (II. R. No. 2950) for the relief of
Algernon S. Worth—-to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
'The bill (II. It. No. 2951) granting a pen-
sion to Mary J. Morse—to the Committee on
Pensions.
'The bill (H. It. No. 2952) for the relief of
Burke & Kutikel—to the Committee on Claims.
TUB YELLOWSTONE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to repoit the following
resolution and ask tor its present considera-
tion :
Keholved, That thirty-seven hundred and fifty ad-
ditional copies of the report of the chief of engineers
on the valley of ttie Yellowstone river be printed
for the use of the Senate, and that the resolution
passed April 22, 1872, ordering tho printing of &ix
thousand copies of the Sdtne be and is hereby
rescinded.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know about
that.
Mr. ANTHONY. It reduces the number
because it is necessary to bring the number
within the limits that the Senate can order the
printing of documents without the concur-
rence of the House of Representatives.
Mr. POMEROY. By one order we can
piint $500 worth, and this will necessitaie the
passing of two resolutions.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is perfectly competent
for the Senator to offer a concurrent resoluion
for a larger number; but this is as much as we
can print alone.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I will let, this go
through, and I give notice that we shall have
more copies than that.
Mr. ANTHONY. A Senate resolution or-
dered six thousand copies to be printed. That
is more than we can order. This brings it
within the number we can order alone.
The resolution was adopted.
STATISTICAL REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives;
which was considered by urn nimous consent:
llesoivd, (the Senate concurring) That there bo
printed in Germsm for the use of the Treasury De-
partment ten thousand copies of the report ol the
chief of the Bureau of Statistics on immigration,
and ten tbousaud copies of the same in French.
'The resolution was concurred in.
SALES OF ARMS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing report favorably on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Harlan] to print ten
thousand additional copies of the report of the
select committee in relation to the sales of
arms by the Government during the fit-cal year
ending June 30, 1871, with the views ot the
minority, without, the testimony, and two
thousand additional copies of tbe testimony.
The motion was agreed to.
PROOKI5IHNOS UNDER KU KLUX ACT.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I would ask if the
Senator from Missouri objects to the resolu-
tion for printing the message of the President
in answer to tbe inquuy of the House relative
to the proceedings under the Ku Klux law?
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then it must lie over
for the present.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That tile bill (H. R. No. 2935) to establish
certain post roads, be recommitted to the Committee
ou Post Oliiecs <md Post Roads.
1HLLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1186) directing the Secretary of
War to deliver to Fisk Mills, sculptor, con-
demned ordnance to be used in the casting of
the equestrian statue of the late General Raw-
lins, and making an appropriation for the
erection of the same upon the public grounds;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, aud ordered
to be printed.
MRS. F. 8. BUCHANAN.
Mr. OSBORN. I ask unanimous consent
to take up the bill (S. No. 1106) for tbe relief
of Mrs. F. Selina Buchanan.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'The Senator
from Illinois is in his seat aud makes objec-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from
Louisiana makes the objection.
There being tio objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 1106) for
the relief of Mrs. F. Selina Buchanan. It
provides for the payment, of $5,277 46, to Mrs.
P. Selina Buchanan, widow of the late McKean
Buchanan, paymaster in the Navy, in full sat-
isfaction of any claim of tbe estate of her hus-
band arising out of damages sustained in con-
sequence ot an arbitrary order ot the late Com-
modore Claxton reducing the emoluments
accruing to him during the cruise of the fiigate
Constitution in 1839, 1840, and 1841, of which
he was purser, below the amount to which he
was entitled by law and the usage and custom
of the service.
