1496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
yesterday, which can be repeated to-day if any
Senator desires it.
The proposition to send clerks from the
•Treasury Department, to the Interior Depart-
meat is certainly a new and strange one. I
do not know that there is a single clerk in the
Treasury Department who is not wanted there.
If there is one so employed there, the Secretary
pf the Treasury should have reported the fact.
As I understand from the Treasury Depart-
ment, they are short for help there; but £ am
aot on any committee connected with that De-
partment, and so I have no particular inform-
ation on that subject. If the Senator from
Maryland thinks that the Secretary of the
Treasury has got a surplus of forty clerks, and
is paying them without employment, it is a
condition of things in the Treasury which I do
not believe. I do not believe there are forty
clerks there to spare for any other Depart-
ment. I never heard of it.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Who has made
any such statement?
Mr. POMEROY. That is the amendment
sow pending.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Has any Sen-
ator made the statement that there are that
number of surplus clerks in the Treasury?
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mary-
land says the Senator from Pennsylvania made
that statement yesterdaj'. I do not make it.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I heard the
statement of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
and I think the Senator from Maryland entirely
misunderstood him.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania did uofc make that statement, then I
have nothing to contradict. I do not remem-
ber whether he made it or not. The Senator
from Maryland sat*I he made it.
Now I come to the exact question before us.
I have the report of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior in my hand. After referring to the laws
of Congress that have imposed additional work
opon that Department, after referring to the
gnaot >of lands for agricultural colleges, and
showing the great amount of work thrown on
the Department by that law, with no increase
of s&rvice, after showing that the Department
have live clerks less now than they had twenty
years ago, he says in this report:
"To meet this work without retarding the con-
stantly increasing current business does, in my judg-
ment, require an increase of the force of the office
of from iitty to sixty temporary clerks to be em-
ployed for the period of one year. I ha ve, however,
in the hill submitted, askod tor forty only, believing
that number wall, if Congress grams the reorganiza-
tion asked for, enable me to plaeo the office in such
condition as will render it practicable lor the per-
miuient force, at the expiration of tho year, to bring
up all the arrearages which may then remain."
Then, in the fore part of this report, is a
detailed account of the increased business that
has been thrown upon this Department for the
last few years on account of the increased
work upon the public lands ; that is, our sur-
veying has largely increased ; the immigra-
tion to the Territories has greatly increased ;
the number of patents that they have been
obliged to issue has more than "doubled dur-
ing the last year. The number of contested
cases is here given, showing that the Land
Office has been burdened, overwhelmed, and
yet they have five less clerks now than they
had twenty years ago. The Secretary wants
to bring up the arrears of that work. He
says the number of clerks authorized by law
can do the current business, and I will say for
the credit of those clerks that in doing the
current business the same number of them do
twice as much as they did formerly, because
you will see by reading this report that last
year there was almost twice as much business
done in the office with the same number of
clerks that-was formerly done.
Neither the Secretary nor the Commissioner
recommends any increase of the permanent
force. They think they can get along with
the number of elorks authorized by law, but
the work which has been in arrears for ten
or twenty years they are desirous of bringing
up to facilitate the public service.
That is the fair, distinct proposition of the
Department, and I ask that the amendment
may be concurred in. It was adopted after
considerable discussion yesterday, and I do
not want to repeat what was said then.
Mr. STEVENSON. This is an innovation
upon long and well-considered legislation. I
have great respect for the Secretary of the
Interior. I do not intend to comment upon
the fact whether this force is necessary or not.
I shall vote against this amendment upon
other grounds. The Secretary of the Interior
did not come before the Committee on Appro-
priations, or make known to them his wants
in this regard. After this bill had been pre-
pared, he goes to the Committee on Public
Lands, and that Committee on Public Lands
reported the bill which is now pending as an
amendment to the appropriation bill. Let
that bill be discussed in the Senate by itself
and decided. A discussion of the bill reported
by the Committee on Public Lands will show
the necessity for this increase of clerical force,
if there be any necessity for it. But the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands, with-
out any direction from this committee to ask
this appropriation, without any application
to the Committee on Appropriations by the
Secretary of the Interior, and without any
showing of a necessity for this increased cleri-
cal force, asks us summarily to put upon this
appropriation bill an item of $48,000 for forty
additional clerks, without any investigation by
the Senate, and without any discussion by
the Senate of the necessity for this increased
clerical force.
I do not wish to be misunderstood. This
increase may or may not be necessary. What
I protest against is its being done in this
indirect, summary way. If the Committee on
Appropriations are charged w,'th the duty of
recommending what is proper in regard to the
disbursement of the public money, they surely
should not do it without an investigation, and
if the Secretary of the Interior desired an
appropriation of this sort to be made, he ought
at least to have come before that committee
and made a statement giving them the reasons,
and a statement of the character of the busi-
ness which required this increase of clerical
force. The Secretary of the Interior was
before our committee, but he did not allude
to this subject. He told us of the necessities
of his Department, font, no allusion was made
to these forty additional clerks.
Not doubting what the honorable Senator
from Kansas has said, and not meaning to
discuss the question of whether this clerical
force is necessary or npt, 1 think the amend-
ment ought not to be adopted until the Senate
have passed upon the bill reported from the
Committee on Public Lands, which proposes
to give this additional force. Let me suggest
to the honorable Senator from Kansas if,
when his bill comes up proposing to give to
the Interior Department forty clerks at a cost
of $48,000 for a year, the Senate should de-
termine that forty clerks were too many, and
should refuse to pass the bill in that shape
and cut it down to twenty, he will already
have got by this amendment an appropriation
of $48,000 for forty clerks.
Outside of all this, it is hasty and ill-con-
sidered legislation in my opinion, and—I
speak it with great deference—I think the
Senate ought to be chary in adopting such
amendments and setting a precedent which may
be attended with bad consequences. Therefore
I shall vote against this proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. I am gratified to know
that the Senator from Kentucky does not ob-
ject to the thing in itself, but only to the
manner of doing it. I will try to show in as
brief a space as I can that the manner of
doing it is all right.
The Committee on Appropriations are not
charged, if I understand the duties of that
committee, with considering whether any bill
of this character is appropriate or not. The
Committee on Appropriations are charged with
the duty of seeing that the regular appro-
priations provided for by law and regularly
estimated for by the Departments are made
correctly in the appropriation bills; but our
rules provide that any other committee which
may be charged with the special duty of hav-
ing to do with the business of a particular
department may judge of the wants of that
department, and the rule provides that they
may move amendments on the appropriation
bill, but the Committee on Appropriations are
to have a day's notice, in order that they may
ascertain whether there is any existing provis-
ion of law on the subject, or whether it requires
a new act. Our system of doing things in the
Senate has been uniform, that the several com-
mittees take charge of the Departments appro-
priate to them; the Committee on Finance
moves its amendments relating to the Treas-
ury; the Committee on Patents moves its
amendments relating to the Patent Office, if
there are any; the Committee on Indian
Affairs considers what is necessary for that
branch of the service, not the Committee on
Appropriations. The Committee on Appro-
priations is charged with the regular appropri-
ations of Congress and such special appropria-
tions as are provided for by law.
Now, the Senator says here will be $48,000
appropriated, and possibly there may be an
amendment by which there will be only twenty
clerks. The fact is that in this proposition
legislation and appropriation are combined.
There is no $48,000 provided unless there are
forty clerks to get the money. It is all in one
bill; it is in one amendment as it now stands;
you make an appropriation of $48,000, and at
the same time you make a law to provide the
clerks as a means of expending that money.
Mr. HILL. May I interrupt t'he Senator
for a moment merely to call his attention to a
remark which I understood fell from the Sen-
ator from Kentucky ?
Mr. POMEROY. 'Certainly.
Mr. HILL. The remark was*that if the
Senator from Kansas Should succeed in get-
ting an appropriation of $48,000 for t'he forty
clerks on this bill, it was not certain that an-
other bill from the Committee on Public Lands
would not be reported asking for the clerks
again. Now, I ask the Senator from Kansas
if it is not his purpose, in the event of the
adoption of this amendment for the forty
clerk's appropriating $48,000, to forego any
other action in regard to that subject ? I take
it that, of course, there will be no further bill
on that subject reported from the Committee
on Public Lands. I wish the Senator to state
that he will not go any further with the meas-
ure if he succeeds here.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Geor-
gia is right, of course. If the bill reported by
me goes on to the appropriation bill, that is
the end of it. We do not propose to reenaet
the same thing twice.
Mr. HILL. But I thought the Senator from
Kentucky said something about twenty addi-
tional clerks being provided for.
Mr. STEVENSON. I said nothing about
any additional clerks in the event that the
amendment prevailed ; but what 1 meant to
say, and what I did say, and what I repeat, is
that no estimate that I know of was ever
made for these forty clerks.
Mr. POMEROY. I said there was none.
Mr. STEVENSON. I said there was no
estimate made for these forty clerks. I said
that tho Committee on Appropriations had
not been asked to make this appropriation. I
said further that the Committee on Public
Lands had reported a bill giving to the Secre-
tary of the Interior this increased force. In
that [ believe I am right.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the Senator.
Now, I only want to say that the Committee on
Appropriations must be aware that they are
