548
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents.
SPEECH OF HON. M. H. CARPENTER,
Ot' WISCONSIN,
In the Senate op the United States,
June 3, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the
motion to postpone indefinitely the sundry civil
expenses appropriation bill-
Mr. CARPENTER said ;
Mr. President: The subject of sale of
arms to France has been the occasion of sin-
gular and eccentric proceedings in the course
<3f this session. We were proceeding in a quiet
and orderly way when the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] introduced a pream-
ble and resolution which struck the Senate
and the country like a clap of thunder from a
clear sky. As that preamble and resolution
are the foundation of ail that has since oc
curred in relation to that subject, and because
I desire to furnish to the historian the mate-
rial necessary to place the real character of the
Senator from Massachusetts before posterity,
I ask the Secretary to read them.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Whereas it appears from a recent cable telegram
that the.commiueo of the French National Assem-
bly on war contracts has adopted a resolution flak-
ing the United States Government to furnish tnc
result of inquiry into the conduct of American
othcials suspected oi' pai ticipating in the purchase
of arms for the Fjouo.Ii Government during the war
with Germany; and
Whereas one .Squires, agent of Messrs. Reming-
ton Si Sons, at New York, in a dispatch dated ,i t N e\v
York October y, 1870, addressed to .Samuel Reminj?-
ton, at Tours, in France, near J lie government of
national defense, use* the following hmscu.igo : ' We
have the .strongest influences working for us, which
will use all their efforts to succeed;" ;ind
Whereas in a letterdated af Now York, December
13, 1871, addressed by Samuel Remington to Jules
Lo Cesne, president of the armament committee at
Tours, in Franco, the following language is em-
ployed:
NrW York, December 13,1870.
Sin: I have the honor to inform you L have re-
ceived your telegram ot the 10th and Hill, ordering
the number ot bat.oiies to be leduced in number to
filly, and informing me ol iiiJ-tructions Io the consul
regarding the last credit Lo him ot 3,000,000 ot trancs.
Although ,it the tune of tiie jeceiptol the tele-
gram I had bought the whole numbei, one hundred,
and had paid the advance required, S-0O,U.)0, the
Government veiy willingly i educed the number to
fift>. A * ■■ * «'
Regarding the purchase -of SpringticJda, Uians-
fonned,) Allen's system, 1 am sorry to say the
greatest number we limy hope loget will not, I fear,
exceed fori} thousand. The Government has never
nnide but ubout>cventy-liv o thousand all told, and
foity thousand is the Kro.uest numbei they think it
prudent to spare. 1 may be able to procure, de-
pending upon an exchange <>t our .irms at some
future nine, for the number of breech-loading
Spriugiieids over and above forty thousand they are
willing to let go n<n\.
This question ot an exchange, with the very
friendly reeling 1 find existing to aid France, I hope
to be able to procure more. (J,ufudges for these
forty thousand will m a gi eat measure rcqun e to bo
made, a  thcGoverumeut have butabout three mil-
lions on hand; but the Government has consented
to allow the icquisite number, tour hundred for
each gun, to be made, and tiie cartridg -woiks have
bad oiders (given yesterday) to increase production
to the lull capacity ot works. This question of
making tho c.irtiidjrc^ at theC*ovciumeut woi ks was
a ddlicult one to get over, but lti.-s done. Tne price
the Government will chaige tor tiie guns and car-
tiuUc^ will be , or as near that a.i possible.
J Ul,i:s Li. CkSN'H, esq.,
i'/exiucnt (JoinnuHxioti of Ai illumeni, <fv.
Whereas t he Secret a i > ol W.ii\ under date ot J.ui-
uaiy iy, 1S72. addicted the following communica-
tion to the ficci etaiy of State :
Wu{ -UfTMEN'T,
Washington City. Jutmnru 1\), lt>72.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a note ltom you ot the 4th instant, inclosing, by
request of Mr. dc Bellonnet, chaise d'affaires of
France, a copy o  a letter iiom Mr. Remington to
the president ol the commission ot armament at
Touis. containing asenos ot allegations in leguru to
the purchase of arms, &e.
The first ot these allegations whichseem to require
specific replies is, " cartridges for these forty thou-
sand wul m a great measure require to be wade, us
the Government have but about three million on
hand j but the Government has oopseated to allov?
the requisite number, four hundred for each gun, to
be made, and the cartridge-works have orders (given
yesterday) to increase production to the full capa-
city of the works. This question of making the car-
tridges at the Government works was a difficultone
to get over, butitis dooe."
In reply to that allegation, I have to say that'on
the 13th of December, 1870, cartridges necessaiy to
supply about two hundred rounds per tun to the
model 1866 breech-loaders sold Thomas Richardson
were ordered to be manufactured at the Frankford
arsenal, and this numberof cartridges was necessary
to effect the sale of the arms. The Messrs. lleming-
ton & Sons did not buy any arms or ammunition
from this Department after about the middle of
October, 1870. nor would any bid from them for such
articles have been entertained by the United States
subsequent to that date.
To the second prominent allegation which is con-
tamed in the paper purporting to be a. copy of a tele-
gram from Squires to Remington, and which is heie-
with returned, I have the honor to reply that this
Department has no knowledge of any influence ex-
erted in favor of, or for the success of, any transac-
tion between the United States and Mr. Squires, for
himself or Messrs. Remington & Sons.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
To the Hon. Secrktaky of State.
Whereas it appears from these several communi-
cations, not only that arms were sold, but that am-
munition was manufactured in the workshops of
the United States Government, and sold to one
Thomas Richardson, the known attorney of Messrs.
Remington <fc Sons, when the bids of the latter had
been thrown out for the reason that they were the
agents of the French Government; and,
Whereas it appears from the official report of the
Secretary of War chat in the years 1S70 and 1871 the
sale of ordnance stores reached the sum of $10,000,-
000, from which, according to the report, only a small
sum was retained to meet the expouscs of preparing
other stores for sale, while the official report of the
Secretary of the Treasury for the same year acknowl-
edges the roceipt of onlv $8,286,181 70, showing a
difference of over $1,70.>,000; and
Whereas a companson of tho accounts rendered
by the French Government for moneys expended by
it-: agents m the purchase of arms from the United
State-* and the accounts rendered by the Govern-
ment of the United States for moneys received in
the ttamo transaction show a large difference, which
seoms to have given rise to the suspicion abroad that
United States officials have taken an undue part
thei em; and
Whereas tho good name of the American Govern-
ment seems to bo seriously compromised by these in-
cidents, and a just regard to national honor, as well
as to the interests of the Treasury, require that
they snould not be allowed to pass without the most
thorough inquiry: Therefore,
ticotced, That a select committee of seven be
appointed to investigate all salesof ordnanco stores
made by the Government of the United States dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, A. D.
1S71, to ascertain the persons to whom such sales
were made, tho circumstances under which they
woie made, tho sums respectively paid by said pur-
chases to the United States, and the disposition
made of the proceeds of said sates; and that said
committee also inquire and report whether any
member oi the Senate, or any other American citi-
zen is or has been in communication oi collusion
with the Government or authorities of France, or
with any agent or officer thereof, in reference to the
said matters; and that tho committee have power
to send tor pes sons and papers; and that the invest-
igation be conducted in public.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, as
suming that tho Senator from Massachusetts,
in ottering this preamble and resolution, was
actuated by patriotic, not partisan motives,
assuming that he was anxious only to preset ve
the honor of our country, and that he was free
from any malicious impulse against the Admin-
istrat:on, lie was justified in saying that the
matter deserved the serious consideration of
Congress. The preamble recited the passage
of a resolution, by a committee of the French
Assembly, casting suspicion upon the good
Iauh of our Government; secondly, a sup-
posed discrepancy between the War and Treas
uiy Departments of over a million dollars;
from which he drew the presumption that
there liad been grossly corrupt jobbing in the
sale of these aims, in which officers of our
Government had participated, and that the
eales, in view of the circumstances under
winch they were made, flagrantly violated the
neutral duties of the United States pending
the great war between France and Germany.
Atid not a member of the Senate objected to
an honest aad thorough iavabtigation touching
this matter ; and the resolution, apart from
the preamble, might have been passed in the
morning hour of any day, without debate.
But many Senators were opposed to adopt-
ing the preamble, which substantially declared
guilt m advance of an investigation. There-
fore a debate took place. Indeed, the Senator
from Massachusetts seemed unwilling to per-
mit the passage of his resolution without a
previous debate, which would enable him, in
advance of investigation, to poison the public
mind ; thus demonstrating that he had in view
some end wholly different from an honest in-
vestigation of the facts. Therefore more than
two weeks of our session was exhausted and
worse Ihan wasted in apolitical discussion as
a prelude to an investigation to which no Sen-
ator objected.
Having been challenged by the Senator
from Massachusetts as incompetent to serve
upon the committee, upon the assumption that
1 was opposed to "the thing," I ask the Sec-
retary to read an extract from the remarks
made by me upon that Senator's motion to
postpone the consideration of an appropria-
tion bill and proceed to consider his preamble
and resolution.
The Chief Cietk read as follows:
"As a friend of the Senator from Massachusetts, I
amopposed to suspending him m this juncture of
affairs, with the fuse lighted, which at this period,
it he were to stop, would be very likely to burn his
fingers. No, let the proceedings go on ; let this
investigation be had; and I will vote for every
measure, 1 will vote for eveiy proposition that can
insure a thorough, speedy, stringent investigation
of this subject, and whereverguiltis established and
wroti" proved, there let censure fall and punish-
ment await the guilty."
Mr. CAUPENTEK. This pledge I fully
redeemed. 1 voted for every amendment
which was offered to the resolution enlarging
its scope and intensifying its purpose, and then
voted for the resolution as it passed the Senate.
After about two weeks' debate the Senator from
Massachusetts had become ashamed of his pre-
amble and attempted to withdraw it, to winch
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] objected
upon the ground that alter the Senator fiom
Massachusetts had wasted two weeks of the
session upon a wholly useless debate, he ought
not to be permitted to withdraw the preamble,
and thus conceal the ground upon which the
debate had proceeded. Afterwards, upon the
29th ot' February, the vote was taken upon the
adoption of the resolution, and I ask the Sec-
retary to read the yeas and nays by which it
wa* adopted.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Yk-vs—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair,Boreman,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Cusserly,
Chandler, Clayton, Conkhng, Corbett, Cragin, Davis
of West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, ilanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kellogg, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nyo, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice.
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sher-
man, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and Win-
dom—52.
"Nays—Messrs. Cole, Edmunds, Gilbert, Lewis,
and Wright—5."
Mr. CARPENTER. It will thus be seen
that the Senate selected this committee from
those who had voted for the investigation ; and
the Senators who voted against adopting the
resolution did so because they had become
satisfied, during the debate, that the whole pro-
ceeding was unfounded and malicious.
On the 29th of February the Senator from
Massachusetts again attempted to withdraw
his preamble, and on that occasion the Sena-
tor from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] stated the true
condition of the question before the Senate
and the reason why the Senator should not be
permitted to withdraw it. I ask the Secretary
to read.
The Chief Clerk read q,s follows :
. '.'Mr, Sherman. At the very outset of the propo?
gition J, with the assent of every Senator arouaci
