.2392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
there shall be a non-concurrence in this amend-
ment, not for the purpose of defeating the
project, but because if we say we will have this
property at all hazards, without any limit as to
the price to be paid except what may be found
as damages by the jury, this property will rise
to more than double its present value within
the next sixty days. But if we say that we
will have an appraisal and condemnation, and
a jury to ascertain what it is worth, then every
man in the city of Washington, except perhaps
the owners of the property, will be anxious to
keep down the appraisal and have reasonable
remuneration awarded, for fear Congress may
not take it. There would probably be only four
or five men who could not be agreed with as
to the price of their land, and require a jury.
And that appraisement being made, and
that amount ascertained, then that could be
reported here at the next sessiou, and we can
then appropriate the necessary amount, and
hundreds of thousands of dollars would be
saved, besides having the thing done regularly
and in order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I cannot
undertake to answer the law of the gentlemen
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler and Mr.
Dawes.] But I can say this in reply to them,
that if we should undertake to do anything in
this matter that is against the Constitution of
the country, the courts will arrest our action
and make it right, and thereby protect the
citizens here and the owners of the surround-
ing property here.
Now, the honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] and the honorable gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Moore] made some remarks
the other day approving tiiis improvement, but
saying that now is not the time, but that here-
after would be a more proper period for this
enlargement of the surroundings of the Capi-
tol than is the present moment. Let me say
that for full thirty years I have heard that same
speech exactly made at different periods in this
Capitol, and with the same arguments. For
this has been a struggle now of thirty years to
make more beautiful the surroundings of this
Capitol, and we have waited long enough.
Nor is the House, I hope, to be deterred by
the magnitude of the expense ; because our
fathers, during the darkest period of our late
war with Great Britain, or subsequent to that
time, when this country was impoverished by
the war, made the largest appropriation at
that time, or any time before, for the creation
of what was the Capitol before the wings were
put 011, and which made itthen one of the most
beautiful Capitols in the world.
The most proposed to be expended now by
the amendment before us is $400,000. And
if it should cost more, then more would be
appropriated by Congress when it was deemed
necessary. But now is the time, now is the
accepted hour, and I obtrude my remarks upon
the House here, because as a member of the
Opposition—though a humble one—I do not
intend, so far as I am concerned, that any
political argument- whatever shall be made
against this expenditure.
in conclusion, let mo say that I shall give
my vote for this amendment as a popular
vote. I believe the people of this country
approve and desire that their Uepresentatives
shall not only be in a beautiful Capitol but
with corresponding beautiful surroundings.
And wherever there has been a republican
people, or a republican or a democratic country,
in any age of the world, the democracy them-
selves, the people at large, have been most
liberal in appropriations for their representa-
tives, both in their Capitols and their surround-
ings. They have ever demanded to have their
beau ideal of government beautifully repre-
sented in the grounds or structures in which
they or their representatives assembled.
Democracy is not a coarse and vulgar thing,
but the ideal creation of the best and the most
beautiful. Thus in the Pnyx of Athens gath-
ered the Athenian democracy, where, from the
Bema, Demosthenes, Themistocles, or Peri-
cles pointed to the Areopagus, or rather to
the Acropolis, full of stately aud gorgeous tem-
ples, the Parthenon, the Erechtheium, and the
Propylasa, the creations of the government of
Pericles, or of the glorious art of Phidias and
Praxiteles. And thus from the Roman Forum
the Roman orators pointed to the Capitolum,
where was the Roman golden temple full of the
Roman sacred gods. Even so the republicans
of the Middle Ages in Florence, Pisa, or "Ven-
ice, decorated and adorned their capitols with
glorious statues or frescoes or noble parks ; the
people in all of them, the democratic people,
feeling that as they exalted their own chosen
governments they exalted the democratic prin-
ciple, and also exalted themselves.
It is a most mistaken idea, then, that the
people of this country, the voters of the
country, desire us to be niggardly or parsi-
monious in the surroundings of the Capitol,
which represents the people themselves. And
if there be anything that .is gratifying to the
people of this country it is this beautiful Cap-
itol, or anything mortifying to the people it is
the miserable surroundings which environ us
here on every side.
But 1 have risen, not to make a speech,
only as a humble member of the Opposition
to say that no political capital shall be made
against yon for this appropriation, at least so
far as I am concerned.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman is not
authorized by the Democratic party to say
any such thing here.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I spoke for
myself.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman mustspeak
for himself, not for the rest of us here.
Mr. DAWES. As is known to those who
have been here during past Congresses, I have
heretofore opposed this proposed enlargement
of the Capitol grounds, not because I did not
think the measure ought to be carried out, and
ultimately would be, but I have never seen the
time when we did not need for other purposes
the money which this purchase would require.
As it has always been said that the ground
meanwhile lies dormant and does not rise iu
value because of this discussion, I have always
felt that if this were so the Government was
not suffering by the delay.
I have, however, made up my mind that at
this time, perhaps, the purchase had better be
made. But I desire to have it so made as to
involve the Government in as little expense
as possible. The figures which have been
presented here are, when you come to look
at them, exceedingly delusive. Members who
may have any idea that $500,000 is going to
compass this expense may just as well aban-
don that idea now as wait and see themselves
within one year confronted with double that
amount as the valuation of this property, which
will be the case unless great safeguards be
thrown around this measure.
Now, draw this bill in whatever form you
please, the Constitution of the United States
will secure to all the owners of this property
who may desire it such damages aa-a jury of
twelve men may award them, and those dam-
ages you must pay. Now, Mr. Speaker, let
us not bind ourselves beforehand to take this
property at whatever valuation twelve men
may put upon it; but let us first provide for
obtaining that valuation; let us provide for
ascertaining the damages; let us provide in
the first place all that machinery, because
along with the cost of the ground must come
expenditures for grading, iron fencing, &c.
Let all this be submitted to a commission;
if the machinery provided in this bill be suf-
ficient, very well; but let there bo a report
at the next session of Congress. Then the
owners of this property will know that they
cannot go before a jury and swell their dam-
ages to an enormous rate, as they might be
disposed to do if we were bound to take the
property at any price twelve men may fix.
According to the plan I propose we shall
not move the buildings and clear the ground
during the coming summer; but we shall take
such means that at the next session we may
secure this property at a fair and reasonable
price. By this process the cost of the ground,
as well as the expense of grading, fencing,
ornamentation, &c., may be brought within
the limitation of $500,000. But I agree with
my colleague [Mr. Butler] that it would be
most unwise for us to bind ourselves beyond
revocation to pay the price which a jury may
put upon the property; for a condemnation
must carry along with it a trial by jury. I never
had a doubt on this point until the present
moment, when a doubt is suggested to me by
a shake of the head of my distinguished friend
from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.] The principle
has been so many times declared by other
learned judges that I thought it perfectly settled
that und.er the Constitution of the United States
we cannot take away a man's property except
in pursuance of a trial by jury.
But suppose you dodge a trial by jury and
have a commission appointed by a court to
settle this question, what is the difference?
The owners of the property will know that the
Government has bound itself by law to pay
whatever the commission may fix, and they
will have every inducement to swell the valua-
tion to an enormous figure. It is perfectly
delusive to expect that under such circum-
stances you could get this property for $500,-
000. If you appropriate in advance out of the
Treasury the aggregate sum which may be
fixed as the valuation by conseut, by appraise-
ment, by award of a commission, or by the
verdict of a jury, then you will never get this
property for §1,000,000.
I have made up my mind to support this
measure if it can be properly guarded so that
we may secure these two lots of ground with-
out involving the Government in an extraor-
dinary expenditure. Otherwise, I shall be
obliged to vote against the proposition and
endeavor to secure its postponement as long
as possible. Being myself, as a member of
ihe House, engaged in the work of trying to
reduce taxation, and constantly hearing the
cry as to the " burdens of taxation " and the
necessity for their reduction, I am not disposed
to impose on the Government any extraordin-
ary expenditure, however much it may en-
large and beautify the Capitol grounds and
commend this stately building to the eye.
Unless in securing this object we can pursue
proper economy, and throw suitable safe-
guards around the proposed expenditure, I,
for one, am not disposed to undertake the
project.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield for
five minutes to the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland.]
Mr. POLAND. I came in, Mr. Speaker,
while the first gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] was speaking. I understand
his objection to this to be—one objection, at
least, and that was suggested by the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]—that this
Senate amendment does not provide for con-
demnation by jury. Now, I have no doubt but
this amendment does provide for condemna-
tion by a jury if the laws require it. If the
Secretary of the Interior is not able to agree
with these owners as to the valuation of their
property he is to apply to the court, and the
court by proper proceedings is to proceed to
the condemnation of this property. There-
fore, if, in the judgment of the court, the Con-
stitution entitles the owners of these lands to
have their value assessed by jury, the court
will say so, and there will be a condemnation
of the property upon a verdict of a jury as to
its-value.
Mr. POTTER. And if the court does not
say so, then this proceeding is null and void on
that assumption.
Mr. POLAND. That is so, provided the
