1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2393
gentlemen are right in their idea of the extent
of the constitutional requirement; but the
supreme court of one State, at least, has
decided that the valuation of property is not
one of the "causes of common law" men-
tioned in the Constitution so as to entitle the
owner or the public appropriating it to a trial
by a jury. 1 understand that to be the pre-
vailing legal doctrine on the subject.
The SPEAKER. There is so much noise
and confusion in the House that it is utterly
impossible to hear the gentleman from Ver-
mont. Members will resume their seats.
Mr. POLAND. I was saying, when no one
could hear what I was saying, that if the Con-
stitution requires these damages should be
assessed by jury, the provision is ample to
authorize the court to say so, and to cause the
damages to be assessed in that manner.
But the last gentleman from Massachusetts
[ Mr. Dawes] who spoke seems to be afraid
of this same constitutional right. His great
difficulty is that the damages to be awarded
will be entirely too great—that a jury may be
obtained that will give a verdict for damages
more than they ought to give. I should like
to know when in the future, to which my friend
looks forward with so much hope, we will not
meet precisely this very same difficulty.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
state to the gentleman from Vermont that if
we are to take this at all hazards, then a jury
may fix whatever price they please; but if we
do not take it until we find what it is going to
cost, then we will have a right to expect the
jury will bring in a fair verdict for the damages
to be allowed.
Mr. POLAND. I endeavored yesterday to
answer the idea which my friend has just now
suggested. I do not know of any way until
we have passed a law by which we agree to
take the land, until we have sequestered it in
some legal mode, how we can get the question
before a jury. 1 do not understand we can set
up a sham proceeding, that we can make moot
court for the purpose of determing the value
of this property. We have to say in the first
place we will take the property, and institute
proceedings for its condemualion. If we take
it now we have to do it in that way. In the
far-distant future my friend from Massachu-
setts expects to reach some time when we are
to take it. We must do it in the same way
and encounter the same perils.
Mr. BUTLER, ot Massachusetts. In refer-
ence to the taking of land for road purposes,
we assess the damages by a jury, and if they
are too much then* the road is discontinued
and there is an end ol it, and no one is hurt.
If, however, the damages are what we think
right and proper, then the road is made.
Mr. POLAND. If we pass this bill, Con-
gress will be in session again long before the
proceedings will be gone through with for the"
condemnation of the land, and if there is any
such difficulty as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts supposes, the power in our hands is
entirely effectual to provide a remedy by repeal-
ing the law, which will be a very effectual dis-
continuance of the whole proceedings.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
says he is in favor of this. I have been hear-
ing the gentleman make this same declaration
for a great many years, that he was in favor of
it, but not in favor of it now ; and if that gentle-
man will remain here a great many more years,
as I hope he will, I expect to hear him still
making the same declaration so long as this
subject is before Congress. He is always in
favor of it, but in favor of it at some tuture
time, and never in favor of it when it has come
to be a thing to be done. We have already
lost time and money by not. doing this. Per-
haps it ought to have been done in 1861. This
property has increased largely in value since
thattime.
Mr. DAWES. The difficulty of my friend
from Vermont seems to be that he regrets
lost opportunities of taking large- sums of
money out of the Treasury of the United
States. I am sorry he has had such lost
opportunities.
Mr. POLAND. The lost opportunity I am
speaking of was the lost opportunity to get
this property at a much lower price than we
can now get it at.
Mr. DAWES. I ought to add to my friend
that this is not the kind of lost opportunity
which works eternal ruin. It is another kind
of opportunity, the loss of which by a man
does that.
Mr. POLAND. To the poetical reference
of the gentleman from Massachusetts I have
nothing to say, because I do not understand
poetry. I apprehend if it is postponed for
another ten years we shall make just as much
as we have made by the postponement of the
last ten years. The property will double in
price in another ten years, and if the improve-
ment is postponed for that length of time, it
will take twice as much money then to carry
it out as it would now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield three
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Coburn.]
Mr. COBURN. We have many and large
expenditures forced upon us constantly. There
is a great strain upon the people for the pay-
ment of the interest on the public debt, for
the regular expenses of the Government, and
for bounties, pensions, and the expenditures
of the war not yet closed up, a large amount
of claims and other demands pressing upon
the Treasury. And now with this tremendous
load upon us, members who profess to be the
fiiends of economy are insisting upon buying
two squares at an enormous cost, and, in addi-
tion, paying for the buildings situated thereon
and throwing them away. For what purpose?
For the purpose of making beautiful and
ornamental grounds about the Capitol. Not
for anything that is necessary; not for any-
thing that is demanded in the nature of things,
but for the making of a splendid surrounding
ground, as the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] says, " around the finest build-
ings in the world," vying with the architect-
ural displays of ancient Greece and Rome.
At this time, with this pressure upon a repub-
lican people, who have gone through the most
stupendous and costly struggle to maintain
their existence and pay their debt, yet known
in the existence of a free country, we are called
upon to do that. It strikes me that under the
circumstances this is one of the most unrea-
sonable propositions that could be submitted
to us.
Why, sir, what is the value of that property,
two hundred and fifty thousand square feet, as
lam informed? Property has been selling
on the other side of the square at $2 50 per
square foot, and that at a greater distance from
the Capitol than this is. At that rate the
cost of this property would amount to over
live hundred thousand dollars for the naked
ground, independent of the buildings, which
are worth several hundred thousand more. I
ask gentlemen if they are ready to go into an
expenditure of that kind at this time, and I
have risen now for the purpose of submitting
my most earnest remonstrance against any-
thing of that kind.
It may be possible, in time to come, this
ground will not be needed. It may be possi-
ble in some future day that the people will say
that this building here is not needed. It may
be that the Capitol of the countrylike the
center of population and power, will travel
westward. When this Capitol was put here it
was about the center of population. But the
mysterious and potent center of population
has been constantly traveling westward. It
has crossed the Alleghanies, it has crossed the
Ohio, it has crossed the State of Ohio and is
traveling toward what is the natural center of
the power and influence and wealth of this
country, the great Mississippi river. It may
be, Mr. Speaker, when that point is reached,
that the people of this country will not desire
to have this ground and these buildings here.
I am therefore in favor of postponing any
action of this kind.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield three
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Mooke.]
Mr. MOORE. I have been opposed to this
appropriation, as I said yesterday, not because
I am opposed to the adornment of the grounds
about this Capitol, but for the reason that it is
not an immediate necessity, and that the bur-
dens already upon the people are extremely
heavy. The people of this country have for
the last ten years borne such burdens as no
other people on the face of the earth perhaps
ever did, and borne them willingly. Under
Republican rule for the last ten years we have
accomplished vastly more in this country than
was ever accomplished under any other admin-
istration during the same length of time. And
as the people have responded to every demand
made upon them heretofore, they are now
looking for a careful administration of the
financial affairs of the Go.vermneut. They are
not demanding this expenditure at this time,
and the amount to be expended, and that will
certainly be expended in carrying out this im-
provement, is not a necessary expenditure.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield to
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Harris.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. On yesterday the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
offered, and the committee passed, an amend
merit to this bill providing that the railroad
track in front of the west entrance to the Cap-
itol should be taken up. By the courtesy and
kindness of the House 1 succeeded in pro-
curing an extension of the lime six months;
but I find upon examination of the law that
six months will not answer ; that no law has
been passed authorizing the railroad to make
any other connection. This amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts strikes down
the connection between the North and the
South. At present a man can get upon the
railroad in New Orleans and keep on it until
he gets to New York or Boston. He can get
on at Pittsburg and can pass through this city
without really disturbing anybody, for the
trains each way pass at night. If the amend-
ment be adopted, those 111 the sleeping-cars,
women and children and all, will be turned
out at ten o'clock at night on the north bank
of the Potomac and be taken by wagons or
omnibuses to the depot of the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad. This is the nineteenth century,
and efforts are being made to connect every
place by rail. The gentleman's proposition is
to retrograde to the position ot things years
ago, and separate the connection between the
North and the South. I have no particular
fancy for this route, but the point I make is
this: it is not right or pioper to remove this
road, which disturbs nobody, without providing
some other means of making this important
connection. Let me say further that they carry
cotton, cattle, and other products of the South
through this city to Philadelphia and New
York, disturbing no mortal man in their pas-
sage in the night. The gentleman proposes
to cut the road short. I hope his amendment
will not be agreed to, but that Congress
provide some other mode of connecting the
road and then require them to take up their
present track, but do not now destroy the con-
nection. . .
At a time when an earnest effort is being
made to fraternize the sections, to cultivate
mutual and kindly relations between them, to
promote the general welfare by connecting
them with rails of steel, the gentleman from
Massachusetts proposes to sunder the con-
