1872.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will arrest action on
the bill long enough to state that a few min-
utes ago a bill in which I had no interest at
all, to establish a circuit court at Jefferson
City, Missouri, was objected to by the Senator
from Louisiana, and the Senator from Louis-
ana took occasion to say that he objected
until the morning business was disposed of.
I merely want to call his attention to the fact
that bills are passing to show the course he
is pursuing.
Mr. KELLOGG. Now I object.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I ask both Sen-
ators in behalf of an aged woman that has a
perfectly just claim for money due her hus-
band, a paymaster in the Navy, who is old and
feeble and has been hanging around these
lobbies session after session, to do her justice.
I hope they will remit the objection in her
favor.
Mr. KELLOGG. I was not aware that any
bill was passing; and if any bill is passed I
must withdraw my objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 understand the Sen-
ator from Louisiana to withdraw his objec-
tion to the bill to establish a circuit court at
Jefferson City being read through, and 1 ask
that it be put upon its passage.
Mr. KELLOGG. I shall withdraw it if any
bills are to pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A dozen have been
passed, and one is passing now.
Mr. KELLOGG. Not since my objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One is passing now.
The VICE PRKS1DEN 1\ The power to
object is an absolute power, and not a con-
ditional one. If the Senator from Louisiana
objects to this bill, that is final,
Mr. KELLOGG. I insist on the objection
to the bit of the Senator from Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois object to the consideration
of this bill ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No. sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
AMERICAN FORK RAILWAY.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent to take up the bill (S. No. 1031) granting
to the American Fork Railway Company the
right of way through the public lands for the
construction of a railroad and telegraph. I
desire to say that this is a bill reported by the
Pacific Railroad Committee sometime ago, and
it simply gives the rij;ht of way through the
public lands up a canon in Utah, seventeen
miles, lo the smelting wot ks owned by Mr.
Aspiuwall, of New York. It is carefully
guarded and there can be no objection to the
bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It grants the right of way
through the public lands to the American Pork
Kailway Company, a corporation created un-
der the laws of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Utah, its successois and assigns,
for the construction of a railroad and telegraph
from a point on the line of the Utah Southern
railroad, in tbeTerritory of Utah, at or near the
town of American Fork; thence to the mouth
of American Fork c-non, in thatTerritory, and
up that canon to a point at or near the Sultana
smelting works, and the right, power, and
authority are given to the corporation to take,
from the public lands adjacent to the line of
the road, material of earth, stone, timber,
&c., for the construction thereof. The right
of way is granted to the extent of one hundred
feet in width on each side of the railroad,
where it may pass through the public domain,
including grounds for station-buildings, work-
shops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side-
tracks, turn-tables, and water-stations, to an
amount not exceeding ten acres, not mineral
lands, for each station, which statio'is shall
pot occur oftener than once in four miles.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad re-
ported the bill with an amendment, in section
one, line twenty-two, to strike out " four" and
insert "five" before the word " miles;" so
as to read:
Said way is gran tod to said railroad to the extent
of one hundred feet in width on each side ot said
railroad, where it may pass through the public
domain, including grounds for station-buildings,
workshops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side-
tracks, t.urn-tables,and water-station:,, to an amount
not exceeding ten acres, not mineral lands, for each
station, which stations shall not occur oftener than
once in five miles.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I ask if the bill contains
a clause allowing other companies to build an
extension.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. It is in the bill.
Mr. CASSEIILY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to come m at the end of the last section:
Provided, That such corporation shall be subject to
the acta oi Congress now in force or wtiich may here-
atter be passed,
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended and the amendments concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG. I withdraw my objection
to some judicial bill which the Senator from
Illinois desired to have passed. •
TOWING AND FREIGHT BOATS.
Mr. VICKERS. I report back from the
Committee on Commerce the bill (S. No. 1184)
relating to the limitation of steam pressure on
towing and freight boats on the Mississippi
river and its tributaries, and recommend its
passage.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that the bill just re-
ported by the Senator from Maryland, from the
Committee on Commerce, be now considered.
It is one relating to steamboats on the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers, and is so modified as to
meet the objection which was made when the
question was up on Saturday. I ask that it
be put on its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for informa-
tion.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (S. No. 1184)
relating to the limitation of steam pressure on
towing and freight boats on the Mississippi
river and its tributaries, as follows:
A bill (S. No. 1184) relating to the limitation of
steam pressure on towing and freight boats on the
Mississippi river and its tributaties.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the prov^ious ot' an act entitled
"An act to provide for the better security of life on
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,"
&e., approved February 2S, 1871, so far as they relate
to the limitation of steam pressure of steamboats
used exclusively for towing and carrying treiguton
the Mississippi liver and its tributaries, are hereby
so far modified as to substitute for such boats one
hundred and fifty pounds of steam pressure in place
ot one hundred and ten pounds, as provided in said
act for the standard pressure upon standard boilers
of forty-two inches diameter, an;l of plates of one
quarter of an inch in thickness; and such boats
may, on the written permit ot the supervising in-
spector of the district in which such boats shall
carry on their business for a term of twelve months
from and alter the passage of this act, be permitted
to carry steam above tho standard pressure ot one
hundred and ten pounds, but not exceeding the
standard pressure ot one huudred and fifty pounds
to the square mob.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make no objection to
that if they want it, but not because it is
right.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
LEAVJS OF ABSENCE.
Mr. SPENCER. I wish to state to the
Senate that my colleague [Mr. Goldthwaite]
is to sail for Europe on Weduesday owing to
ill health, and 1 ask leave of absence for him
during the remainder of the session.
Leave was granted.
OKDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask unanimous consent to
take up House bill No. 2850, which has been
reported by the Committee on Public Bill-
ings and Grounds, and I will state that as the
Senator from Illinois had a bill previously up
to which objection was withdrawn, I will give
way to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate must see
that the course pursued by certain Senators
prevents the transaction of business by a 'mi-
nority in the Senate. I have no interest in
a single bill from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ; they are public bills ; there is not one
that affects my State which is pending except
one in committee, I believe ; none in the Sen-
ate. I have no interest in any of them ; but
having got the floor once or twice to call them
up they are objected to by a single individual
and that carries them over. In a moment we
sball be through with the morning business,
and then it will be out of the power of any
Senator to prevent any business being done
from the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SCO IT. I wa3 proposing to give way
for the Senator's bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is only one Sena-
tor. The Seuator from Pennsylvania did not
object before. I shall not object to his bill;
but let us get through with the morning busi-
ness aud then one Senator will not have it in
his power to object. I think we had better
run through with the morning business.
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish to present a
memorial.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to the recep-
tion of that memorial. The time for memorials
has passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The point of order is
well taken. Reports from committees are in
order.
KDWIN M. STANTON.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to give notice
that I shall, at an early day, attempt to vindi-
cate the memory of a dead personal friend
from the foul aspersions cast upon h'm on this
floor. E. M. Stanton was, while living, my
personal friend, and I honor his memory, and
I shall attempt a vindication of it.
REPEAL OF A RULE
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I now
ask that the Secretary finish the reading of the
bill which I called up a few moments ago.
Mr. KELLOGG. Are resolutions!!) order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They are.
Mr. KELLOGG. Then I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood there were
no resolutions.
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the rule regarding appropriation
bills, adopted April 29,1872, and amended May 10,
1872, be, and the same is hereby, rescinded
-I ask for its immediate consideration.
Mr. COLE. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That resolution cannot
be considered now.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have a bill, if I can lay
my hands upon it, which 1 desire to report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall object to the
report. It is not. m order now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would not
be strictly in order as that order has passed by.
Resolutions are in order.
Mr. KELLOGG. Has the morning business
closed ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senator will
not try to hold the floor all the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morn-
ing business has closed, and the Seuator from
Illinois has the floor.
CIRCUIT COURT IN MISSOURI.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now ask that the bill
which was nearly read through, to which the
Senator from Louisiana objected, be taken up
and continued.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1982) to provide
