1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8289
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me that it is
the most proper tbing that the Senator who
introduces a bill of this kind should explain
first what changes are proposed in the existing
law, and next what is the necessity supposed
to exist for those changes. I suggest to the
Senator from Indiana, as he appears to have
charge of this bill, whether he will not oblige
some of us at least by making such a state-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President there is a
law on the statute-book now authorizing the
judges of the circuit court of the United
States to appoint inspectors of elections in
cities having twenty thousand inhabitants or
more ; these inspectors to be of opposite poli-
tics, to be present at the registration, if there
be a registration law in the State, to be present
at the election of Representatives to Congress,
at the reception of the votes; not to leave the
ballot-box until the votes are counted, and to
put their statement upon the certificate of the
result of the election. That law also author-
izes the marshal of the district to appoint
deputy marshals in such cities to a number
necessary to preserve public order and to insure
a fair and free election.
The object of this bill is to extend the first
provision of that law, of which I have spoken,
to every voting precinct in the United States,
to authorize the circuit judge, or to allow the
circuit judge, in case he cannot serve himself
to direct the district judge to appoint inspect-
ors of election in every voting precinct, to
serve without pay. to be present at the regis-
tration, at the voting, to remain with the box
until the votes are counted out, and to be of
opposite politics, to belong each to one of
the great parties. In case there should be
thiee parties I suppose the duty would be to
appoint one from the two principal parties.
That contingency is not provided for. The
object of the bill is simply to secure a fair
and honest election, to give nobody the ad-
vantage. The bill is in the interest of liberty,
in the interest of good government, in the
interest of justice. It is not in the interest of
any party or of any faction. It was presented
for the purpose of preventing the wrongs that
have been complained of in some of the States,
and to insure fair elections. This is the whole
purpose of the bill so far as 1 know.
Mr. THURMAN. I had intended to call
the attention of the chairman of the commit-
tee to the fact that the Senate having refused
to make the other amendment, striking out
"circuit" and inserting "district," this amend-
ment is not now consistent with the first sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I think the criticism is
correct.
Mr. THURMAN. There is no doubt about
it. The truth of it is that if the Senate intends
to have a bill that means anything, and if it
intends to have the most competent man to
make the appointments, who knows best who
would be the most suitable persons, then the
Senate ought to have concurred in the amend-
ment to the other section and let the district
judge make the appointments, who lives there,
and who is much more competent than a man
who lives perhaps six or seven hundred miles
off in another State. But the Senate did not
see fit to let the man make the appointments
who is best qualified to make them, and if the
Senate shall remain of that opinion then the
chairman had better modify this amendment.
But we can take another vote on that in the
Senate.
Mr. MORTON. In view of the fact that the
Senate declined to concur in the first amend-
ment submitted by the committee this becomes
unnecessary. However, there is another
amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. You can have another
Vote mi the amendment striking out "circuit"
and inserting "district." The bill is in com-
mitter now.
Mr. MORTON. That is true.
Mr. THURMAN. You can have another
vote on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment to the second section.
Mr. MORTON.. Suppose we go baekto the
first amendment submitted by the committee.
Let us take the vote again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana moves to reconsider the vote
by which the first amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I do not make any motion.
It can be acted on again when we come into
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then that
amendment stands disagreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 wish to inquire whether
the amendments on the second page of the bill
striking out "circuit" and inserting "dis-
trict" have been agreed to or disagreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have
been disagreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then what is the pend-
ing amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment is to strike out the second
section and insert what has been read.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. This second
amendment is now entirely inconsistent with
the first section.
Mr. MORTON. This amendment now be-
comes unnecessary—inconsistent in fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I understand it.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert as section three the following:
Sec. 3. That the several clerks of the districts of
the United States shall be entitled to receive the
sum of one dollar, to be paid by the United States,
for each certificate of the appointment of the super-
visors of election, as provided for in the preceding
section, and affixing the seal of the court thereto:
Provided, That they shall not receive pay for more
than one certificate for any voting district or pre-
cinct.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. It was in-
tended that the whole of the second amend-
ment should be disagreed to. That was an
amendment striking out and inserting. I sup-
pose the chairman of the committee intended
to strike out the second section. I can never vote
for the bill with that section in. The committee
reported to strike out the second section and
insert a substitute ; and the part to be inserted
being inconsistent with the first section as it
now stands, the Senator having the bill in
charge wished the Senate to disagree to the
insertion of the part in italics.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot divide it.
Mr. MORTON. The second section is
stricken out by the report of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
was to strike out and insert. That was disa-
greed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That leaves the second
section to stand, and it will require a separate
motion to get it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now as to the amend-
ment moved as a third section. I do not see
the use of giving these clerks a dollar. They
get fees enough. If they cannot perform this
service for the United States without getting
a special fee, with all the emoluments that
these district court clerks have, I think they
should be ashamed of themselves. My fiiend
from Maine [Mr. Hamltx] suggests that the
persons who are appointed serve without com-
pensation. and I think these clerks with all
their emoluments might give them a certificate
without compensation. I hope it will not be
agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN. The clerks will be clerks
of the circuit court, as I understand it, under
the preceding part of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes ; and that is another
reason for not agreeing to it.
Mr. BOREMAN. If so, this print is inac-
curate in calling them "clerks of the district
court."
Mr. CARPENTER. The better way is to
strike it all out. It is unnecessary.
Mr. MORTON. It involves a heavy labor
to the clerks.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment to
insert what has been read as section three.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CARPENTER. I offer an amendment
to the bill 
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Will not the
Senator agree to have the second section
stricken out?
Mr. MORTON. That the committee re-
ported to strike out.
Mr. THURMAN. As .1 understand it, all
the amendments reported by the committee
have been disagreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have
been.
Mr. THURMAN. But they can all be
moved in the Senate again?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They can.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out the
second section, in accordance with the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Connecticut.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now I offer this amend-
ment: s
That section thirteen of the act to which this is an
amendment shall be so construed as to authorize
and require the circuit court of ttie United States
in said section mentioned to name and appoint,
immediately after the passage of this act, the court
commissioners provided lor in said section in all
oa,sos where such appointment has not heretofore
been made in conformity with said section.
I will explain the objcct of the amendment.
The thirteenth section of the original act pro-
vides that the court may make this appoint-
ment prior to a certain day, I think May 1,
1871, or some other day named, and may
thereafter fill vacancies which shall occur. In
those States where the appointments have not
been made at all, it is doubtful whether they
can be made ; and this is simply to say that
in those cases where they have iiot already
made the appointments, they may make them
just as though one had been made and the
man had died, putting it on the footing , of a
vacancy.
Mr. THURMAN. I submit to my friend
that that is a singular provision, to say that
that section shall be construed to mean that
when it does not mean that.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is a fair way to
make it so.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it be "■ so amended."
Mr. CARPENTER. Then! say "shall be
so amended as to authorize ar$d require," &c.
The PRES1DIN G OFFICEjR. The amend-
ment will be so modified. /
Mr. BOREMAN. Imovetoadd "and that
the said court shall have power, in their dis-
cretion, to remove said commissioners and
appoint others."
There is a question, I understand, about
the power of the courts over these commis-
sioners, whether they have the power to re-
move them at pleasure, or not. It is claimed
that they may not remove them without some
proceeding against them. In our State courts
I believe commissioners of this sort are subject
to the pleasure of the courts that appoint tliem,
but it is not so in regard to these commis-
sioners.
Mr. CARPENTER. I suggest to my friend
that it is wholly unnecessary. I think it is
now provided for by the second section of the
act of 1870:
"And the said court, when so opened by said judge,
shall proceed to appoint and commission, from day
to day and from time to time, and under the hand
of ttie saul circuit judee, and under the seal of said
court, tor each election district or voting precinct m
eacli and every such city in said coiigicssional dis-
trict, as shall, in the mannerherein prescribed, have
applied theretor, and to revoke, clninge, or renew
said appointment from time to time."
Mr. BOREMAN. That is very clear. I
withdraw my amendment to the amendment.
