,2394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
necting links which bind them together. I
trust hewd! notsuceeed. I hope,Mr. Speaker,
the amendment adopted on yesterday in com
mittee will to-day be defeated by the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to say, in
addition to what has been said by the gentle-
man from Virginia, that the taking up of these
tracks would cost the people of the South a
$100,000 a year in additional freights.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield now to
my colleague, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the
House that so far as any question of law has
been raised here touching the validity of the
Senate amendment to this bill, gentlemen
ought to be satisfied when they look at the
provisions of the eighth section of the Senate
amendment in regard to the condemnation
of the property that may be taken. It is as
follows:
Sec. 8. That if the Secretary of the Interior shall
not be able to agree with the owner or owners of
any private property needed for the purposes of this
act upon the price to be paid therefor or if for any
other cause he shall be unable to obtain the title to
any such property by mutual agreement with the
owner or owners thereof, it shall be his duty to make
application to the supreme court of the District of
Columbia, which court is hereby authorized and
required, upon such application, in such mode, and
under such rules and regulations as it may adopt,
to make a just and equitable appraisement of the
cash value of the several interests of each and every
owner of the real estate and improvements thereon
necessary to be taken for the pub!ic use in accord-
ance with the provisions of this act, and to which
the Secretary has been unable to obtain the title by
mutual agreement with the owner or owners thereof.
It is enough to say that if gentlemen .are
right in their suppositions that there can be
no condemnation of real estate without assess-
ment of value by a jury, the court will be con-
strained, under the Constitution, to empanel
a jury to assess the value. Gentlemen will
bear in mind that years ago a question arose
quite kindred to that now raised here as to the
effect and meaning of the term "due process
of law" as used in the fifth aiticle of amend-
ments to the Constitution, which was passed
upon in the Supreme Court of the United
States. I refer to the case of Murray vs. The
Hoboken Land and Improvement Company,
18 Howard, 280. In that case land was seized
on a Treasury warrant issued to the United
States marshal, and sold. The question raised
and decided in the case was whether upon a
warrant issued by the Treasury land could be
seized and sold by the marshal without the
intervention of a jury. The validity of the
act of Congress authorizing such seizure and
sale was sustained by the Supreme Court and
stands to-day unchallenged, declaring that the
phrase "due process of law" meaus the law
of the land.
It seems to me that gentlemen must be sat-
isfied on the point of law here raised, and that
there is and can be no difficulty in condemn-
ing the laud taken, because the bill provides
that if there is not an amicable transfer, by
agreement of the owners of the property, to
the United States, the question of damages is
to be assessed by the supreme court of the
District of Columbia. Of course the obliga-
tion imposed by the Constitution rests upon
the court, and if the Constitution requires that
a jury shall assess the value, the court must
assess the damages accordingly, unless the
owner waives the requirement.
I have said about all I have the opportunity
to say in the limited time allowed me ; enough,
I thmk, to satisfy every gentleman in this
House that there is no difficulty of law in this
matter. I hope the House will not reject the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole.
It is utterly useless to talk about, this thing of
neglecting this beautiful Capitol and leaving it
exposed on every side because somebody con-
templates a removal of it in some future day
to some other place. While we have a Capi-
tol, I trust the Representatives of the people
■will consider it their duty to see to it that it
has the proper surroundings and adornments.
Mr. MORGAN. Honorable gentlemen have
said that they believed this to be the most
grand and beautiful Capitol building in the
world. I myself believe that such is the fact,
and am much gratified that it is so. I did
not intend, to say a word on this subject, until
I felt called upon to do so by the remarks of
the gentleman from New York city, [Mr.
Bkooks.] We are told constantly in both
branches of Congress that the people of the
United States at the present time are more
heavily taxed than are any other people on
earth. The amount of our debt, measured by
the interest they pay, is greater than that of
any other people on earth.
I therefore, rise, on behalf of the tax-payers
of the country, who are thus overburdened, to
put in my earnest protest on their behalf
against this wicked and inexcusable extrava-
gance of expending, at this time, one half mil-
lion of money to extend and beautify the Cap-
itol grounds. And I warn gentlemen that
they are pursuing the surest method of having
the Capitol removed. I have heretofore voted
against resolutions in favor of the removal of
the Capitol. But if this reckless extravagance
is to be checked only by its removal to some
distant point in the West, then I am for the
removal of the Capitol at the earliest practi-
cable period. I will not occupy any further
time on that point, but will reply to remarks
made on yesterday by the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Kellogg.] That honorable
gentleman held in his hand a copy of the
Washington Patriot newspaper of yesterday
morning, and read from it an article justifying
the conduct of the Secretary of the Navy in
taking from the Treasury, in violation of law,
the sum of $93,000 and making a gift of it to
Secor & Co. I refer to that now for the pur-
pose of saying that the Democratic party is
not responsible for this article of the Patriot.
When i read that article, not noticing what
journal it was, I supposed I was reading the
Washington Chronicle. That article does not
in any respect reflect the sentiments of the Dem-
ocratic party, but seems more like an emana-
tion from one of the many splendid fetes given
by the Secretary. I do not charge that the
Secretary seeks to stifle public sentiment by
the fumes which arise froin his sumptuous and
hospitable table; nevertheless the world so
believes.
Mr. SARGENT. I am glad to see the truth
from any source.
Mr. MORGAN". One word more. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] told
us the other day, and the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Kellogg] repeated yester-
day, that there was no instance in which one
dollar of the public funds had been wrongfully
appropriated by any officer of the Govern-
ment. The contrary has been proved. I hold
that when'the Secretary of the Navy in viola-
tion of all law takes $93,000 from the Treas-
ury, it makes no ditfereuce to the people
whether it goes into his pocket or into the
pocket of another man. When a gentleman
who occupies the high position of a Cabinet
officer wrongfully takes from the Treasury
such an enormous sum of money, he must not
be surprised if persons presume that he has
au interest of some kind in the act of wrong-
doing.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield four
minutes to thegentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargent.]
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
speak to the question before the House ; I
have no time to follow the gentleman into
general politics in four minutes. My friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] says that he
believes in this project, and will be willing to
make this appropriation when we have no
other use for the money. The position is
absurd. Why, sir, in the midst of the war we
completed this Capitol. We went on year by
year and expended millions in order to com-
plete this magnificent extension and make the
proportions and beauty of this building such
as they now are ; and about the close of the
war we erected the figure of liberty and put it
upon the Dome. The principle which the gen-
tleman would apply would have stopped all
improvements on the Capitol at that time.
Yet he voted for them. We certainly do not
need money now as we did when all our ener-
gies were taxed to carry on a great war.
But, says the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Coburu,] we may have no further use for this
building by and by. If, by making this appro-
priation, we can declare that the project of
capital-moving is dead, then I am, for that
reason also, in favor of this appropriation. If
the gentleman from Indiana speaks for the
West, I speak for a farther West. If his con-
stituents come a thousand miles to get to this
capital, mine come three thousand miles.
Upon the Pacific certainly, and throughout
the great West, I believe, there is a feeling of
reverence for this spot of ground, dedicated
by the father of our country as the capital of
the nation, and used as such for these many
years. There are holy memories connected
with it. There is an illustrious history asso-
ciated with this spot of our natioual territory;
and never, as I believe, will it be exchanged
for another with the intelligent consent of the
people of the United States.
Why, sir, if the capital were to be removed,
where should we go? To some city where
there are adequate means to supply the wants
of the people's representatives when they
meet there, and those of the various officers
who carry on the departments of the Govern-
ment? In such a city you would not have the
jurisdiction necessary for the protection of the
interests of the Government. You must have
at your seat of Government such jurisdiction
as the United States now exercises over this
District. Chicago, St. Louis, Cincinnati, or
any other great city of the West, if it could
supply the other necessary elements, would
not give us that jurisdiction.
If you go upon unsettled land to secure
jurisdiction you must start with shanties;
you must expend hundreds of millions of dol-
lars before you could have a Capitol building
fit for occupancy, a Treasury, and interior and
Post Office Departments, and public buildings
generally, ornamented public squares, &c.
You must .erect anew all necessary public
structures;! you must build up a city; you
must introduce water and gas, or dispense
with them until a city had grown up ; it would
be years before there would be any hotels
which would be inhabitable; and meanwhile
the representatives of the people and other
officers of the Government must put up with
accommodations entirely inadequate to enable
them to discharge properly the functions of
the Government. Besides all this, the removal
of the records of the Government would cause
confusion which twenty-five years of careful
labor would not remedy. No man can say
how long it would take the officers of the Gov-
ernment to get the records in such a condition
as they now are, when reterence can be made
to any year or month or day to any subject
extending back nearly a century. All these
documents would have to be huddled into
and trausported in boxes to a place where no
proper accommodations would be provided to
receive them. Many would be lost, and the
loss might be of evidences of payment of
claims that would afterward cost the people
untold millions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield
three minutes to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
House will sustain the vote of the Committee
of the WThole, and provide for the ultimate
removal of the railroad track now lying in
front of the Capitol. In my judgment it would
