@03
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
amendment than any yet offered , I h.ope it will
l>e adopted, so -ti at the records upon, which
these claimants, expect to obtain their, pensions
sjiall be, kept hi a, 9a,i'e place.
Mr. QARFIEjjl), of Ohio. I .will,simply
say,; in. answer to what has-been said by the
two gentlemen who have spoken, that the per-,
manent records of the Pension Bureau are not
kept &fc tbe-Seaton House, but only ,tha papers
for current, every-day, business; and this ia
the best , arrangement that is-possible under
the circumstances., rI.
... Mr. LYNOtL The gentleman is entirely
mistaken., , . : ,
. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Of. course, at
the Sexton House there-are valuable papers, the
burning of which would, be a very great loss.
Mr. LYNCH. . I was told in the Se&ton
House tbat there were papers there which, if
loat, could not, be replaced,; most important
papers, connected with, the Pension Bureau ;
evidence of claims which, had been pajd, and
that if they should be. lost, there would be
nothing to. protect, tlie Government against
the re-presentation and repayment of tlios,e
claims.
, Mr. McNEELY. I desire to say in support
of tlje statement just made by the gentleman
from Maine, [}fr. Lynch j—-
The CHAIUMAN. The Chair cannot per?
Doit this irregular discussion to proceed.,
The question being taken ou, the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Qabfujld, of,Ohio., it waa
agreed to.,
. The, .question then recurred on tjie amend-
ment offered ami withdrawn by Mr- Lynch,
and renewed by Mr. McNkki<X, to add. at the
end of the paragraph the following.:
Provided, Ihnt no building shall-be rented for the
use of the l'ojision Bureau which,is not ftro-prgof.
The amendment w«9 not agreed tu.
The Clerk read us follows:
For casual repairs of the' [Intorior] Bopartment
building, 810,000.
Mr. GARFIELD,of Ohio, l.movetoaulend
the clause just read so as to make the amount
of the appropriatioii'$15,0U0.
The amendment was agreed to.
• The Clerk read as follows:
For cash system, maps, diagrams, stationery, fur-
niture, and repairs of the aamo; miscellaneous
items, inoludtug two of tho city newspapers, to he
filed, bound, and preserved for tho use of the office;
advertising liod tolegra-phinft; miscellaneous items
on account of bounty lands and military patents,
Mr. GARFIELD', of Ohio. " I itioVe to
amend the paragraph just read by Striking out
"$20,000, and inserting "$80,000," as the
appropriation for "miscellaneous items on
account of bounty lands and military patents,
under the severalaets, and conlingentexpenses
under the' swamp-land act." I also move
to amend by changing the aggregate of the
appropriation from $244,560 to $25=4,560.
The mendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR,, of Missouri. I ask whether
the Committee on Appropriations have agreed
to all these amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of'Ohio. I report them
all from th^ committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
Pension Office:
For compensation of Commissioner of Pensions,
$3,000; chief clerk, $2,000; twenty-two clerks of class
four, forty-eight clerks of class three, seventy-six
clerks cjass two, seventy-eight clerks of class one,
sixteen female copyists at $900 each, one messenger,
five assistant messengers,' and fife laborers in his
office: 1U all, $343,800. .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
by adding the following as a new paragraph
after the paragraph just read:
For compensation of additional temporary clerks
m the Pension Office for the year ending June 90,
1873, as follows: , ,
For four elerks of class three, eight clerks of class
two, forty-eigfit elerks of class one, 'nine female
copyists at $900 each, seven' assistant1 messengers,
and five laborers:, in all, $91,940. , , , ,.
Mr. Chairman, I feel that- the Committee of
the Whole ought not to adopt so large a,u in-
crease as. this, without knowing precisely what
it is for. . The Commissioner of Pensions, has
said to the Committee of Appropriations that
the carrying out of the act of Congress to pay
pensions to soldiers of the war b.f 1812 renders
necessary this additional appropriation.- They
are, bow) employed,, and we have drafted the
paragraph permitting -this.additional forceso. it
will be good only- for the next current year,
therefore when this work is' done, no addi-
tional force will be employed.
' Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Is the, force
now employed ? •
Mr., GARFIELD, of Ohio; It is. employed
under-the deficiency appropriation bill of last
Congress. .
The amendment-was agreed, to. ■
The Clerk read as follows:
For-stationery, engraving, arid retouching plates;
for bounty tendrwarranta, printmg.and binding the
same, office furniture, nod repairing the same, and
miscellaneous items,including two daily newspapers^
to be filed, bound, and preserved for the use ot the
office, and fordeteotion and investigation of fraud,
$17,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am dirceted
by tho Committee of Appropriations to strike
out " $47,000,". and in -lieu thereof, to iusert
" $76,000."
Mr. BUTLER, of'Massachusetts.:.I ask the
chairman of the Committee oft Appropriations
why the amaunt is nearly doubled? Is it for
stationery, engraving, and retouching plates,
for bounty land-warrants, printing and bind-
ing the sapie, and miscellaneous items; includ,-
ing two daily newspapers ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio.- Read the last
clause, which is the one on wliich the increase
is asked. It is for the detection and investi-
gation of frauds. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior made to llie Committee on Apprbpriations
yesterday morning what was a startling state-
ment. lie expressed his confident belief, and
I wrote it dowri at the time, and have the sen-
tence here on,a slip of paper, that nearly one
fourth of tho pensions we now pay is a fraud.
I was amazed at his statement; but the Com-
missioner of Pensions, who sat by his Bide, said-
the statement was not an extravagant one,
and referred me to page 14 of his own report,
whero the gentleman from Massachusetts will
find a paragraph of nearly one half page, stat-
ing tho character of the frauds perpetrated on
the Pension Office in the form.of fraudulent
certificates got up by claim agents.,. To ferret
out these frauds,.-and to punish the perpetra-
tors oft them, the appropriation of this money
will, no doubt, be the very best economy. The
committee were amazed at the.facts brought
to their attention, and concluded the best-way
to remedy the evil would be to increase tthe
fund for the detection of these frauds.; and
that iB the reason for the increase of appro-
priation in this item.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
asked the question far the purpose of bringing
out-thes statement that has been made, and for
the further purpose of saying that from some
considerable examination of tho subject made
in the .course of my duty as president of the
board of managers of the National Asylum I
am inclined to believe the report of the com-
missioner is not exaggerated in tbat regard ;
certainlynot largely exaggerated. Ahdldesiie
to call the attention of the chairman of the
committee and the House iivthis connection
to the fact that these frauds are largely caused
by paying pensions through pension agents,
instead of distributing the money over the
country through tho various post offices where
the pensioners are individually known. As it
is now, the pension agents do not know the
individual pensioners at all. They come in
large numbers and form a line, waiting for
their turn to be paid, and therefore there is no
check of identification. I- call -the attention
of the committee.to the necessity of some'
change in maliingpayment of pensions and in
the identification of pensioners.
- Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is a very
proper suggestion to be made to the Commit-
tee on- Invalid Piensionsi <
Mr.- HALE, limove to strike out the last
word, si do not intend to take up the valuable
time,of ithe committee to any .extent.
Mr. HQAR- -With th-e gentleman's permis-
sion, I wish to call atteutioii. iu the line of. the
remarks of usy. colleague, [Mri.Huii.Sii,] to the
the fact that this condition of J hi ngs create not
only great fijauds upon: the. ipubli'c, b.ut also a
great annoyance on the .patt ofi honest pen-
sioners, because the constant suspicion causes
a great deal of delay to the honest,pensioners
in getting the pensions to which they arc
entitled. .• . • ,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That will
Sill, be prevented by paying them through the
post.offices.
Mr. HALE. I'wish tocall the attention of
the committee to one or two instances of start-
ling frauds.found out by the Pension Bureau.
They will show how the Secretary of the Inte-
rior and the Commissioner of Pensions have
made up the estimate that so;large ft number
of pensions is fraudulent; The Commissioner
of Pensions has found, in a singlfe instance
arising out, of the war Of 1812, 4ud the s.tal\i.tes
passed for the relief of the survivors of that
War, where between two and three hundred
fraudulent cases were presented by claim^
agents ill Ne* York city. Tho attention of
the Department was called to them, and, an
investigation being had, they were found to be
a complete fraud from beginning toend. 'Some
of these claims agents were indicted, tried; and
convicted, and some were chased from this
country into Canada. This appropriation,
increased from $47,000 to $75,000, is almost,
entirely in that direction for the detection of
frauds. There are still cases of this kind, as
the,Commissioner believes, all over the'coun-
try, and this increased appropriation is the eye
of his department; he cannot see, or if he
sees, he cannot work up'the investigations,
without it. I do not understand that, there is
any opposition to the amendment, but 1 wished
to call the attention of the committee to the
startling extent of these frauds.
Tlife question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Garfield; of Ohio, it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows.:
Unitcd States Patent Office:
For ootnpen jhtion of the Commissioner of the Pa t-
ent Office, $ft,500;.for Assistant Commissioner,$3,000;
for chief clerk, $2,500; three exaininers-in-chict', at
S3,0U0 each; examiner in charge of interferences',
$2,500; twenty-two" principal examiners, fit 5^,500
each ; twenty-two first assistant examiners, at $1,800
each; twenty-two second assistant examiners, at,
$1',600 each, two of whom may be females; one libra-
rian, $2,000; one machinist, $1,600; five clerks of
class four, eight clerks of class three, fifty clerks of
class two, and forty-five clerks of class pue; making,
in all. $300,700. " , , '
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. ' I move the
following amendment:
In line eight .hundred and seyenty-three strike
out " tWo" and insert *' four;" so that it will read,
"twenty-four principal examiners, at S-J.500 each."
The ame'ndment'.was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move, also,
the following.amendment to this paragraph:
In line eight hundred and seventy-three, after the
word "dollar?," insert the following; "trade-mark
examiner, $2,500."
Hie amendment was agreed to.
■Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohiol I also move
the following amendment':
Inline eight hundred arid s6vetitr-four strikeout
the word " two " and insert theword " four;" so that
it will read,'' twenty-four first assistant examiners,
at $1,800 &ach."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I also move
the following amendment:
I't> line eight hundred and seventy-nine strike out
the word " five" and.insert the wordsix;" so that
it will read, "six clerks of class/our."
The amendment, was'agreed to.
Mr: GARFIELD, of-Ohio. ''I'also move
