1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3291
and where the Republicans are in the majority
they have ihem all.
Mr. BOltEMAN. It is not go in ray State.
Mr. TH.HUMAN. ItiainOhio. Thetown-
ship trustees are the judges of election there.
Therefore that would not do. lly objeciion
to the whole bill is that which I had before
to the original act, that it is based upou the
idea llmt liere is an election for Representa-
tives in Congress, and that Congress having a
certain power in regaid to the mamierof elect-
ing Representatives, it is assumed that that
power sIj*iU be exercised in the modeprovided
by this bill. Now, tlie Representatives are
elected by the Stales; they are apportioned
to the States, and each State is interested
in sending men here who will j-epresent their
constituents, fur, however tnu8i a Represent-
ative may consider himself when he gets
here to be a representaiive not of his district
and not of his State, but a Representative in
Congress of the whole United States, how-
ever that may appear in theory to some men,
in practice the man sent here is a representa-
tive of his constituents of the State from
which he comes, or of congressional district
of the State from which he comes, and the
State is interested in seeing that tuat the peo-
ple have a fair election there.
I giant that if this law could be properiy ex-
ecuted, without improper interference with the
State authorities, it might have a good effect
in some places. 1 have an idea that some of
the frauds which have been committed in
some of the bouthern States that I could men-
tion could never have been committed if there
had been proper officer.-, of election there. 1
do not l ii i i. k that this bill, il it should pass and
become a law and go into operation, is likely
to benefit one par:y more than the other, so
far as I can see. What I object to is the prin-
ciple of lntei ference on the part of the Federal
Government in elections held under State au-
thority, where there does not appear to be any
such great flagrant outrage as requires such
imerierence, and the exercise of that power
winch is vested in Congress in regard to tiie
election of members of the Houoe ol Repre-
sentatives. I think we ought to be very caie-
ful how we exetctse that power. Certainly in
iny State there is no necessity for any such in-
terlerence ; nobody asks it, and the proof is
that under your law, although tnere are a
number of cities and towns in that State of
more than twenty thousand inhabitants, not
one single officer was appointed under thib law
that you passed : not one precinct or ward in
the whole S<ate asked lor any such thing.
I will say a word farther while I am oa my
leet, for I do not want to make a speech oil
the bill. I have ai ready manifested iny oppo-
sition to ir. at large when the original act was
up. If the Senate mean this bill to be any-
thing, they ought to have concurred in the
amendment reported by the committee insert-
ing ''district" instead of '' circuitand when
the bdl is reported to the Senate that amend-
ment ought to be moved, and ought to be
adopted. Take my own ciicuit, where the
ciicuit judge lives in Michigan; is he to ap-
point the*e men for southern Ohio right over
the district judge who lives in that very part
of Ohio? So Texas and Alabama are m the
same circuit, and the judge living m Alabama
is to Hppoim for western l'ex^s when there is
a judj;e hvmg right there, and a judge too, it'
you w«nt htm to be Republican, wno is a ilc-
pub ican, appointed by you; and so of every
one of them. There seems to me to be notu-
lng mote impolitic or unwise or unjust than
thai a judge living in another State, living
perhaps six or seven hundred miles oif, shall
toakv these appointments, instead of the dis-
trict judges.
&r. KlSLLOGG. Mr. President, I do not
Know thai I have anything to say in regard to
the amendment ieport«jd iioin the committee,
and which lias been disagreed to, giving the
power to appoint supem&ois of election to the
district judges, instead of the circuit judges.
Indeed, Irom the manner in which the debate
has been running, I do not know that there
will be enough antagonism to the bill to in-
volve any very extended discussion, such a
discussion as I had hoped might be had upon
this subject. I think it would have a very sal-
utary effect if there were ample discussion
upon this bill as full discussion as there was
upon the bill which has just passed fixing the
time of choosing electors in Louisiana.
As the Senator from Ohio has well said,
this bdl conveys upon its face clearly, as the
original law to which it is an amendment did,
that its intent is to secure a fair election where
Representatives or Delegates in Congress are
to be chosen. He well said that the people
had a great interest in seeing to it that they
were represented by men who were legally and
fairly elected, and who would fairly represent
them and their interests.
1 myself introduced this billsome time since,
and the press of New Oileans very generally
commented upon it, especially that portion of
the press which coincides in political senti-
ment with my honorable friend ftora Ohio. I
have beiore me several extracts from Demo-
cratic journals regardedas "dyed in the wool,"
and I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate
while I read a few ex'racts from one or more
ot them. Before doing so, however, let me
say that I believe the people of the State which
j have the honor in part to represent will very
generally hail not only the amendment to the
act of February 28, 3871, to protect all citi-
zens in the right to vote, which is proposed by
this bill, but even an extension ot the eighth
section of that act, which would give to the
Federal officers, the marshal and his deputies,
appointed in conformity with that act, partial
supervision of the elections, even putting into
the hands ot the Federal Government such
control as will insure a fair count, and they
will cheerfully abide by the result.
Sir, permit me to read an extract from the
New OileansBee, a journal of prominence and
influence, aud generally regarded as the organ
of the Democratic party. I ought here to say
that the Bee has latterly taken ground against
the Cincinnati movement, and would incline,
I think—though I admit I speak wiihout au-
thority—to favor the present Administration,
rather than the so-cailed Liberal movement,
believing it better, so far as the Federal Ad-
ministration is concerned, to
" Bear those ills we have.
Than fly to others that we know not of."
Now, sir, the original bill as I introduced it
proposed to extend not only the provisions of
the original act in respect to the appointment
of supervisors of election, but also the eighth
section, giving the marr-hal the right in cities
of twenty thousand inhabitants and upward
authority to appoint deputies, as the Senator
from Illinois said yesterday, with great dis-
ci etionary powers. It. hardly goes so far, I
think, however, aS the Senator stated. Now,
let me read the comments of the Bee on the
bill as I introduced it originally:
"The original bill became a law on the 28th of
February, 1871."
Section one declares—
"That all persons guilty of unlawful acts in nnd
concerning the registration of voters for an election
for Representatives iu the Congress of the United
States shall be liable to prosecution and punish-
ment. as provided in section nineteen of act of May
31,1870."
This section also dec-ares—
"That cv^ry registration made under the laws of
any State or Territory lor any State or other elec-
tion at which suc.i Repre- nt.iuve or Delegate in
Congress shall be chosen, aiad be deemed to be a
registration within the nieanin? of thl«? Jiet, notwith-
standing the same shall also be made for the pur-
poses oi any State, territorial, or municipal elec-
tion."
Scclion two provides:
" That in cities of over twenty thousand inhabit-
ants, upon written application of two citizens, the
circuit judges of the United States courts in the cir-
cuiis where such cities are situated, shall appoint
two supervisors of election.''
Section eight and other sections provide for
the appointment of deputy marshals to aid and
assist in securing a fair and peaceable election
in cities of twenty thousand inhabitants aud
upward.
The New Orleans Bee, after giving a synop-
sis of a portion of the hill, says:
41 TheobjectofSenator Kellogg'slatearaendment
is to remove the restriction as to population, and to
extend the power of the marshals overall congres-
sional elections without, regard to population.
"Although theoriginal bill and tbeameixhuentare
in conflict with the docriineot State rights, we do
not think it is the interest ot the southern people in
their pre?enf, circumstances to object to the inter-
ference of Federal officers in our State elections,
which this law authorize*. We have not advised
ourcitizens to sign the petition, nor to ask that any
sucft law e'nould bo enacted ; but no good southern
man is likely to find fault wirh the measure, if it
shall keep iu check such men as Governor Warmoth
and his officers, and shall secure fair and honest
elections. It is a law ofthe conqueror, like the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments and tbe re-
construction acts, which we have always held to be
destructive of the fundamental p> inciple? ot t lie Con-
stitution as formerly understood; butif we acknowl-
edge the latter to be the settled law of the land"—
And I believe our Democratic friends now
admit this to be the case—
"we do not see the sense of making a wry mouth at
lawscarryinginto effectand entorcmg these amend-
ments."
In the same article the Bee goes on to say :
" Wo have not had a fair and honest election in
Louisiana since Governor Warmoth came into
power; and we think that relief against his uiis-
government and oppressive rule t-hould be ac-
cepted Irom Congress, it that department is willing
to give it. Tliorc is nothing !ofr to us ol State inde-
pendence that we can see. Our present totate gov-
ernment has stood only because it was protected by
Feder 1 ba>oneis. Why should not ttio people of
Lo uisiana accept tbe measure of relief now proposed
to be given them under the bill and amendment
which we cite above?"
I might read an extract frorn another issue,
stronger still, if possible, more in detail and
more elaborate. I read especially flora the
Bee, and will confine myself to this journal
because it is the only accredited official organ
of the Democratic party in the ci?y. The
couutry press in many instances take tae same
position substantially. Sir, what the people
of Louisiana ask is a fair and- honest election.
The planters, the colored men, the people
irrespective of race or condition, ask it, and
petitions signed by hundreds are to day before
the Committee on Privileges and Elections
asking that this bill be passed. I stand here
to speak only for Louisiana. Other Senators,
I think, will make the same representation,
and I doubt not can truthfully say the same
regarding the desire of their people in this
regard.
It has just occurred to me that an hour or
two since, pending the passage of the Louisiana
presidential electoral bill as it is called, my
honorable friend from Delaware [Mr. Sauls-
bury] took occasion to speak of the evident
intent, as he denominated it, of that bid, to-
gether with the Federal machinery in force
now, alluding to the laws on the statute-books
and those likely to be enacted looking to the
same end, to so manipulate and control the
elections in Louisiana that, the result should
be in the interest of the Federal Administra-
tion ; and he said in substance, if I recollect
him aright, that the bill was a new measure
and had only been moved since the Executive
of our State and certain gentlemen who were
at h. shack, whom theSenatordenominated his
supporters, attended the recent convention
held at Cincinnati.
I do not like to speak disrespectfully of any
of the officers of my State, bat candor com-
pels me to say, and I speak for nine tenths I
believe of the people of the Slate, white^ as
well as black, that a poition of the delegaiion
that appeared at Cincinnati were enuiled to
the appellation of Liberals, and in their name
and on their behalf 1 claim the blue ribbon
for them as such. Some of" them have certainly
been very liberal with the people s money,
Aud, Sjr, I give it hs my opii.iun that it ever
an honest government is fairly established iu
