1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1499
do the business hereafter, he asks for this ad-
ditional temporary force. If the Senator will
read this report and then say that it is not just
and fair to provide the increase, then I will be
willing to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, I have no
particular interest in this matter; but as 1 am
called on to vote upon the question, 1 deem it
proper to give the reasons which induce me to
vote as I shall.
The Secretary of the Interior is employed
to discharge a certain trust. He is employed
on the presumption that he is qualified to dis-
charge the duties of that trust. He is there in
the position of an expert, understanding that
particular business. He comes here and de-
clares to Congress that it is necessary, in order
that he may discharge his duties properly and
satisfactorily to the Government, that a cer-
tain number of clerks shall be allowed for liis
use. Now, in the ordinary avocations of life,
in the business relations of life, wherever
agencies are necessary, what would be done
under circumstances ol this sort? The pro-
prietor would in all cases either award the
material necessary to the discharge of the duty
as set forth by the agent, or he would discharge
the agent and seek to get one that could do
the work more economically. Certainly no
one would contend that it would be proper to
refuse the agent the material he declares to be
necessary to enable him to perform the work,
and at the same time retain hiia in his place;
for, no odds what might result, what errors
might be committed, what omissions might
occur, it would be forever by him chargeable
to the fact that he was not, permitted to have
that assistance which was necessary to enable
him to discharge the trust confided to him.
In this case the Secretary of the Interior
declares that forty clerks are necessary; he
tells us so as an expert, as one who is ac-
quainted with the duties of his office and the
wants of his office. Presuming that he is qual-
ified for the discharge of his duty, for the place
that he fills, I would certainly give more cre-
dence to his judgment than 1 would to that of
any Senator on this floor, who, however wise
he may be in other things, is not acquainted
with the duties of this particular office. For
myself, and in my own behalf, I do not know
whether they are behindhand or whether they
are up with the business of the land depart-
ment, but I do know the fact that the Govern-
ment has increased its public domain by bring-
ing into market a vast amount of lands within
the last few years. At no time in the history
of this nation has there been such an immi-
gration and so large an amount of land offered
by the public as there is to-day. The West is
now being settled with a rapidity heretofore
unknown in this country. This officer states
frankly, fully, and plainly, historical facts with
regard to the Department over which he pre-
sides, and it seems to me that his statement
is unanswerable in the demand for additional
help in his office.
But the Senator from California [Mr. Cas-
serly] says that if you employ these forty
clerks you will never get rid of them. That
argument may do very well; but does it not
prove rather too much? If it be true that we
are not to employ a clerk for any specific pur-
pose, because if once employed he can never
be discharged, then it argues that we are at
our wits' ends with regard to the employment
of clerks and other officers of this Govern-
ment; but I think that we may presume upon
the honesty and integrity of the high officers
of this Government, and. may rely upon it,
when they find that a clerical force is upon
their hands which is unnecessary for the dis-
charge of the public business, that they will
promptly discharge the supernumeraries. This
is a duty that they owe to themselves, and a
sworn duty to the country.
But it is said—and such a proposition has
been made—that clerks shall be detailed from
other Departments for this particular business.
It suggests itself to my mind that that would
not be an efficient course of proceeding to
meet the ease. In this land department
clerks of a particular qualification and a cer-
tain knowledge with regard to the duties they
are called to perform will be necessary, and
their employment will be an economy. If you
detail a clerk from the Treasury Department
you may find when he "is there that he is to-
tally unacquainted with the land department,
and being detailed there but temporarily it
cannot be supposed that his labor will be very
efficient in the discharge of the duties. To
have a clerk for this purpose requires that he
should be more than a copyist. If you simply
desire copying to be done, you can detail or
employ any person who is quick with a pen
and ready in transcribing the pages giveuhim
to do. But there is indexing to do, as the
statement of the Senator from Kansas goes to
show, important work with regard to the
records, and this requires an acquaintance
with the books and with the records, and to
get the needful acquaintance with these books
will require more than a day or a week of
time. Therefore it is proper that these clerks
should be employed for a sufficient time, first
that they may become experts under the teach-
ings of the head of the Department in the
duty they are required to perform, and then
that they shall perform the duty in such a
way as may in after time be shown to have
been valuable to the country.
Then, I say that I shall vote for this proposi-
tion because the officer in charge says that it is
necessary for the discharge of the duty. I
will vote for it precisely as I would give a su-
pervisor upon my plantation, if you please, an
additional number of mules or plows or imple-
ments, if he were to write me that it was neces-
sary for the pioper cultivation of the place.
I would give it to him as I would to my mer-
chant who would write to me that it was neces-
sary for the posting of his books, for the sale
of my goods, that he should have an additional
clerical force ; but I would hold him respons-
ible for the discharge of his duty econom-
ically, faithfully, industriously. I will vote
for allowing these forty clerks; and if it
turns out that that vote is an error, it is
chargeable to the Secretary of the Interior
and not myself. 1 vote for it upon his judg-
ment, and I think that in this I am correct.
If I were to go to that Deparment and go
through the Land Office and spend a week of
time there, I should not be able to report to
the Senate what number of clerks would be
necessary, for the reason that I have no ac-
quaintance with that Department. I profess
to have some business qualifications, but not
in that particular line; and if I were to go
there and were to look through the depart-
ment of the Land Office for a week of time,
when I should be about to leave the Depart-
ment I would call upon the Secretary of the
Interior, who has been there an expert in his
place, and ask him what his judgment was
with regard to the clerical force, and I would
be very much inclined, if I had any confidence
either in his judgment or in his honesty, to
take just what he said to be the fact of the
case and give him the force that he demanded.
These reasons will induce me to vote for the
amendment now before the Senate. I should
not have said anything upon this subject but
for the fact that the range of the debate has
been such and the statements of honorable
Senators have been such as to rather indicate
that this was a piece of extravagance about to
be indulged in by the Senate. I have not
asked the appointment of auy clerk. I do not
know that I shall ask for the appointment of
any clerk. The State that I represent has no
clerks, so far as I know, in any of the Depart-
ments here. It is true that there are some
persons who claim to be from Mississippi that
have office in the Departments, I believe ; but
they are men from Mississippi whose acquaint-
ance I have made in Washington city. [Laugh-
ter.] That is the fact with regard to Missis-
sippi's representation in the Departments. I
trust there will be some changes made in this
behalf by and by; but whether they are or
not, that will not cause me to depart in any
degree from that line of right which I have
laid, down for myself to pursue while I am
here with the honor of a seat on this floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I lis-
tened with interest and attention to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Alcorn.] Hia
argument is that the Secretary of the Interior
is the officer at the head of that Department
of the Government. That is true. He also
contends that because that officer at the head
of that Department certifies to us that in his
judgment a single bureau of that Department
requires an increase of forty clerks, we should
vote that increase. He takes the instance of
a plantation, and of a recommendation made
by the manager of the plantation that the
force should be increased in a particular de-
partment. I put it to that Senator whether
that illustration docs not itself supply a strong
argument against the increase here proposed.
If his manager in a single department of his
plantation should all at once ask for forty men
in that department where for years one hun-
dred and fifty had been sufficient and had done
the work as well as could be desired, would
he consider himself bound as a prudent owner
by that recommendation ? That is the precise
case here. For years the business of the
Land Office has been done with the present
staff of clerks.
The Senator from Kansas (who is certainly
so well informed on this whole subject that 1
differ from him here, as I do m committee,
with a great deal of hesitation) speaks of the
growth of the Land Office business and the
growth of the clerical force requisite to carry
it on, and he cites the growth as between two
years in illustration. But that growth is not a,
sudden thing; it has not happened all at once.
The business has been growing for a great
many years. That is evidenced by the state-
ment of the Senator himself that the former
Commissioner of the Land Office, General Wil-
son, was in the habit of asking for an addition
to his clcrical force. Did he get it? I am
not aware that General Wilson ever asked for
any such addition as forty clerks in one year.
Mr. POMEROY. No; he did not. Ha
asked for additions, but did not say to what
extent.
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes; he did ask for
additional clerks. Whether he got them or
not I am not prepared to say, but if he did not
get them he got on without them.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me say to the Sen-
ator that during the war the business of this
office discontinued so much that clerks were
discharged ; the number allowed by law was
reduced more than half. We only had about
forty clerks there at one time during the war
when the law allowed one hundred aud fifty.
After the war the business increased, and the
full amount of clerks was employed, and now
they ask for forty more.
Mr. CASSERL5T. The Senator, I think,
answers himself. I am glad he has made that
statement, for it strengthens my argument.
He says that after the war the Laud Office was
put upon its full establishment, and the requi-
site number of clerks was employed to do the
business. They have been doing it, and I say
from my experience of that office, since I
came into the Seriate, it has been done with
promptness and efficiency. As a member of
the Committee on Public Lands, I know that
in the frequent course of addressing communi-
cations from that committee to the General
Land Office for advice and suggestions in re-
gard to bills before the committee, weobtained
the required answers and information always
with promptness and with fullness under the
administration of Commissioner Wilson, aud I
believe I may say the same thing of the present
Commissioner; at least, knowing nothing to
