1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2395
be a crime for us to appropriate $-500,000 for
[ho enlargement of the Capitol grounds while
we obstruct by this railroad the entire en-
trance to these grounds on the city side. While
I hope proper provision will be made for the
removal of this track, I am willing to grant as
much time as may be necessary for the work
to be done without unduly interfering with the
interests of the railroad company. But it is
necessary the removal should be provided for
by law before the company will take any steps
to provide for another route.
It is not altogether true, as the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Harris] has said, that a
Continuous route is absolutely necessary ; for
the company did not have such a route until
1863, when the war war going on. Gentlemen
on the floor of the House tell me this morning
that in the vicinity of Baltimore members of
Congress have been dumped off in the middle
of the night, or at two o'clock in the morning,
to gain a passage to the capital as best they
could. Yet the gentleman from Virginia says
it is necessary the company should have a con-
tinuous passage for cattle across the very
entrance-way to the nation's Capitol!
If more time than the amendment now pro-
poses is necessary to enable the company to
accomplish the removal of their track, un-
doubtedly such additional time will be granted.
It is not entirely true that this road is used
only in the night; for two or three days ago I
myself was interrupted in going to the depot
by the passage of a train on this road, and
other gentlemen tell me that the passage of
day trains has been frequent. It is very likely
that it may be used in the night, but it is a
structure obstructive and indecent in its char-
acter, standing at the very entrance of the
Capitol and cutting off hundreds who wish to
go into or pass out of the Capitol grounds. _ I
am willing to give them that time for its
removal, but I hope this House will insistupon
the fact being fixed iu this law that at some
time or other this work is to be removed and
cease to be the eye-sore it now is.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I would be
glad if the gentleman from Massachusetts
would withdraw his amendment asking the
House to do this thing at this time without
notice. I know something of the wants of the
people coming to and going from this capital.
I know this work ought to be removed. I
believe, however, when that is done it should
be done on consultation with the managers of
this road, and they should have plenty of time
to mature some plan for the purpose of trans-
porting freight around this Capitol so as to
meet the demands of trade and at the same
time answer all the purposes of convenience.
We should in common justice give these par-
ties an opportunity to determine what is to bo
done when the present track is removed. It is
so managed now lhat very rarely any one is
prevented from passing. To be sure there may
b i rare instances when some one has to wait.
It may be that it is sometimes inconvenient,
but it is utterly impossible to make any pro-
vision which will not at some time or other
incommode some one or other person. It is
a matter of the greatest convenience to the
country at large. It is very well known that I
do not like this Baltimore and Ohio Kailroad,
and indeed none of us in Pennsylvania are
very fond of it, because we have had from it
no favors to be thankful for; but I do say that
we ought not to destroy the present conven-
ience of the people in the facilities now afforded
for the carriage of freight, and if the track is to
be, removed it should be done after full notice
so as to give the managers of this road ample
opportunity to mature some plan to take the
place of the present one.
Mr. BANKS. I insist that the matter shall
be determined now.
Mr. AiiOHEll. I hope the gentleman will
agree to iix the time at two years.
Mr. BANKS. I think eighteen months are
enough.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I have given away all but fifteen miuutesof
the hour allotted me under the rules, and I
desire in the time left me to call the atten-
tion of the House to one other of the pending
amendments.
Some things have been said in the Com-
mittee of the Whole concerning the civil service
reform to which I wish to cali the attention of
the House. The subject has been before the
House several times this session, and the
country ought to know in what spirit it has
been treated by their Representatives.
Several weeks since the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. SnappJ made a speech on this
subject, which has been very generally read
throughout the country, aud in which he very
succinctly stated his views of the nature of
our civil service, and the uses to which it
ought to be put. He said:
" It is a fundamental principle embodied in our
glorious Constitution, tbat the machinery of this
Government may be pulled to pieces every four
years, and this principle has been put into practice
all through the history of this Government every
time a new administration came into power."
a*** A * * * * *
"General Grant to-day occupies the presidential
chair because the Republican party is the ' sucess-
ful' party, and because the offices belong to the
successful party."
I admire courage even in a bad cause, and
this is an example of undoubted courage. It
is the most frank, candid, and logical assault
that I have yet seen oil the civil service reform.
The gentleman declares that Grant was made
President not because the people wanted him
for the public service, but because of the
offices he would have to give to the party
which elected him. This will be startling
news to the great body of the American peo-
ple. In the debate yesterday the gentlemau
from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] calls the civil
service reform a "specimen of humbuggery.''
He says:
"It was got up in the interest of parties, whose
object it was to embarrass the operations of the pres-
ent Administration."
'* The President did not originate the measure; it
was originated m Congress."
Another gentlemau said that in an evil hour,
hastily, in the night, the men who stood guard
here in the Capitol allowed this monster to be
born and sent out to plague the nation aud
embarrass the Administration. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] said :
"It was originated by a Senator from Illinois.
Without one word of debate or explanation, the
provision was put on an~ appropriation bill and sent
here; and then, at four o'clock in the morning ot
the last day of tho session, we were obliged to pass
it or lose the bill.
"Now, sir, The President could do nothing else
than what he did in inaugurating this system: tor
I look upon this movement as the origin of the Cin-
cinnati convention. It was a shrewd politician s
trick to put the President in such a position that if
he did not inaugurate it he could bo attaekod, and
if he did inaugurate it and failed ho could still be
attacked. And we fell into that trap."
My colleague on the committee [Mr. Sar-
gent] used this language:
"Narrow-chested men say to us we must make
some show ot believing in civil service reform fur
fear of what they may say of us at Cincinnati,
****=•*** * *
"This outcry is fomented by a crowd of black-
mailers iu the city of Washington and around this
Capitol."
Another gentleman said :
"I believe tho civil service is much better, and
purer aud ireerfrom corruption.robbery,and fraud,
than it has been before during a period of thirty
years."
The gentleman from Minnesota [Mr, Dux-
xell] said:
"As I have no confidence in these rules for civil
service, then I will spit upon them and vote against
them" * * * " Tho gentleman from
Indiana called it humbuggery; I will call it a delu-
sion a mere farce, iu which 1 will have no part.
Now, Mr. Speaker, those of us who do
believe there is something in this effort for
civil service reform—who do believe that
something ought to be done to better that ser-
vice, are not willing to be set down as " hum-
bugs," as " black mailers," "as stirrers-up
of strife to disturb the Administration," as
" fomenters of treason to be concentrated at the
Cincinnati convention." I say we are not will-
ing to rest in silence under such imputations,
and allow our opinions to be despised, with-
out saying something in defense.
In the elegant language of two of the assail-
ants of this reform, they propose " to spit
upon it." One gentleman said lie would " spit
upon the idea." Just how that can be done
he did not tell us; butl remind gentlemen that
this business of spitting upon men and reform
is as old as the days of the crucifixion of our
Saviour. But "spitting" and reviling have
never put down any worthy thought or reform.
I ask the attention of the House for a few
moments while I tell when, where, and by
whom this civil service reform was inaugu-
rated. The first notice of it that appeared
since I have been in Congress was as far
back as the Thirty-Ninth Congress, when Mr.
Jenckes, a noble man from Rhode Island, no
" western humbug," pointed out the growing
evils of our civil service, and when, by a com-
mittee which had charge of the subject of re-
trenchment, facts were brought into this House
which no man ventured to gainsay, and the
attention of the country was called to the
necessity of reform. In the other branch of
Congress attention was also called to the same
class of evils. The first chief executive voice
heard upon the subject in modern times came
on the 5th day- of December, 1870, from the
chief Executive of the United States in his
annual message, in which the President said :
" Always favoring practical reforms, I respectfully
call your attention to one abuse of long standing,
which I would like to see remedied by this Congress.
It is a reform in the civil service of the country. I
would have it g(5 beyond the mere fixing of the ten-
ure of office ot clerks and employes, who do not
require 'the advice and consent of the Senate to
make their appointments complete. I would have
it govern, not the tenure, but the manner of making
all appointments. There is no duty whica so much
embarrasses the Executive and heads of Depart-
ments as that of appointments; nor is there any
such arduous and thankless labor imposed on sen-
ators and Representatives as that of finding places
for constituents. The present system does not secure
the best men"—
I invite the attention of gentlemen who say
that that system is the purest and best and the
freest from corruption that can be conceived,
to this declaration of the President—
"The present system does not secure the best *ncn,
and often not even fit men, for public place, ihe
elevation and purification of the civil service ot the
Government will be hailed with approval by the
whole people of the United States."
Over against what we heard on the Hoot*
yesterday I put that clear and manful state-
ment of the President of the United States,
and 1 call the attention of the House to an-
other statement by the President on the same
subject. When we had, in obedience to his
recommendation, passed a law providing for
a commission to aid in this work, and when
he had appointed that commission and they
had made their report, he sent us oil the 19th
December, 1871, a message accompanying that
report, in which he says:
" I ask for all the strength which Congress can
give me to enable me to carry out the reforms in tne
civil service recommended by the commissioners,
aud adopted^ to take effect, as before stated, on
Januaiy 1, 1872."
The President says:
"I ask for all the strength which Congress can
give me."
And this is the strength you give him in
the debate of yesterday on this floor!
Furthermore he says;
" I therefore recommend that a proper appropri-
ation bo made to continue the services of the pres-
ent board for another year."
Mr. SARGENT. That is just what we have
done by our amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And he goes
on to recommend that the three raembers of
the board who hold other positions in the
