1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the following amendment, to correct a clerical
error: •
In line eight Hundred and eighty, after the word
"fifty," insert the word "five;" so that it will read,
"fifty-five clerks of class •two."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For thirty permanent olarks, at SI,000 each; for
forty permanent clorks, at $900 each; for two skifled
draughtsmen, at $1,200 each for thirty-five copyists
of drawings, at the rate of SI,000 per annum each;
for one messenger and purchasing clerk, $1,000; for
one skilled laborer, 200; for eisrht attestants in
model-room, at $1,000 each; for eight attendants in
model-room, at $91)0 each; for thirty laborers, at
$720 each; for six laborers, at $600 each; in all,
$H6,00^.
Mr. GARFIELD) of Ohio. I move the
following amendment:
In line eight hundred and eighty-fire strike out
the -word "two",and insert the vrord " threeso
that it will read, "three skilled draughtsmen, at
$1,200 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For contingent and miscellaneous expenses of the
Patent Office, namely, for stationery for use of office*
repairof model-cases, stationery portfolios fordraw-
infcs, furniture, repairing, papering, painting, car-
pets, ice, advertising, books for library, moneys
refunded, printing engraved patent-heads, interna-
tional exchanges, plumbing, gas-fitting, extra labor
on indexes and abstracts for annual reports, fitting
rooms, temporary clerks, laborers, and other contin-
gencies, $90,000.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move to
amend by striking out "$90,000" and insert-
ing "$80,000, " for the purpose of inquiring
how this compares with the appropriation in
the bill of last year.
Mr. GARFI15LD, of Ohio, It ia the same
as last year. We have followed the bill of
last year, except where we offer amendments.
Mr. McCORMlCK, of Missouri. I with-
draw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveyor general of Oregon, $2,500, and for
clerks in his office, $4,000.
Mr. SLA.TKK. I move to amend the para-
graph as follows;
In line nine hundred and forty-nine strike out
"$4,000" and insert "$5,400.",
I desire to call the attention of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations,to the fact
that the estimaies for clerk hire in-the office
are $5,400. I wish to have the appropriation
in harmony with the estimates.
Mr. GAUFi,ELD? of Ohio. I hope the com-
mittee will allow the item to stand as it is.
We have taken the figures of last year.
The question being taken on Mr. Slater's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read,as follows:
Department of Agriculture:
For compensation of Commissioner of Agricul-
ture, $3,000; chief clerk, $2,000; entomologist, $2,01)0;
chemi&t, $2,000; a^aisraht chemist, $l,(>00;/superin-
tendent of experimental gardens andgrounds, $2,000;
statistician, $2,000; disbur^mgclerk, $1,800; superin-
tendent ot seed-room, $1,800; librarian,$1,800; bot-
anist, $1,800; four clerks of class tour, five clerks of
class three, six clerks of class two, seven clerks.of
class one; engineer, $1,400; superintendent of fold-
ing-room, $1,200; assistantsuperintendentofexper-
imental garden and grounds, $1,200; assistantsuper-
intendent of the seed-room, $1,200; three copyists, at
$900 each; two attendantsiu museum, at $1,000 each ;
chief messenger, $850; two assistant messengers; one
carpenter, at $960; three watchmen, and eight labor-
ers; making, in all, $74,670.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Obio. I move the
following amendment:
In line nine hundred and seventy-three, after
the word " thousand " first occurring in ,said line,
insert the words " five hundred;" so that it will
read, " chemist, $2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Obio. I move the follow-
ing amendment:
In line nine hundred and eighty-eight, strike out
"$850," and insert "$1,000;" so that it will read
" chief messenger, $1,000."
I desire to say that the Agricultural Depart-
ment is very short of clerks. Last year the
Commissioner asked for four additional clerks.
He was given two instead of four. He saw
proper to employ a competent young man to act
in tbe capacity of chief messenger; andinview
of the fact that the clerical force is so short
and so inadequate to the duties that must neees-*
sarily be discharged, that messenger performs'
a large part of the duties qf a first-class cleric
He is a most competent,' and accomplished
young man, has a small family-*—to his honor,
let it be said—and really cannot live upon
$850, I hope the committee will allow hiiii
an additional $150, thus giving him a salary
altogether of $1,000. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
ara well aware that chief messengers, as a rule,
do not, receive more than $860 a year.' I am
not prepared to refer to many 'instances in
which such persons do receive more, but f
have a very distinct recollection-thAt the chief
messenger in the Patent Office gets $1,000 a
year, and I hope it will bo the pleasure of the
committee to adopt this amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, I am always
glad to oblige my friend and colleague, but if
his amendment prevails it, will set an example
for all the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment, and raise the pay of nil chief mes-
sengers to $1,000 a, year. In all the various'
bureaus of the Interior Department, Post
Office Department, and the Treasury Depart-
ment, the chief messengers get $840 a year
and the assistant messengets $720. Now, if
we set this one example, and put the pay of
this messenger of the Agricultural Department
at $160 a year more than men doing similar
service receive elsewhere, then good-by to
any equality in the matter. I hope, therefore,
that my friend will not press this amendment.
I would much prefer to give an additional
clerk, rather than 'break the rule by increas-
ing the pay of the chief messenger.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment of Mr. Wilson, of Ohio, and it
was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
In line nine hundred and ninety, strike out
"eight" and insert " nine;" so that the clauso will
reau, "and nine laborers."
Mr. Chairman, I have to say that for all the
labors that must necessarily be performed at
tbe Agricultural Department they have but
eight laborers. Now, it will' be remembered
by gentlemen 'that scarcely five years have
elapsed since the building of the Agricultural
Department was taken possession 6f by (he
Commissioner. It was built within two years
in what Was absolutely a common, containing
about thirty-live acres. A very large amount
of work has already -been (lone, But a large
amount more must necessarily be done in
order to make the grounds creditable either to
agriculture or to the country. The Commis-
sioner asked for two additional laborers, hut
the Committee on Appropriations did not se'em
disposed to allow liira that increase of force.
He is willing to take one if he can get him. ' If
he cunnot get what he wants he will take what,
h« can get. N w,T hope the committee will
not deny the Commissioner one additional
laborer.
I desire to say fttrther, a;nd I direct my re-
marks especially to my colleague,, the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations-, that
there are sundry little appropiiations for the
Department of Agriculture left out of this bill,
some of which are absolutely indispensable for
carrying on the Department successfully. They
amount in toto, including the amendment
which has just been rejected by the commit
tee, to a mere fraction over $4,000. 1 believe
5)4,070 is the precise sum. Now, I beg leave
to assure the-committee and my colleague that
not one single dollar has been asked' for this
Department but what is a matter of necessity.
I hope that these few amendment? which I
offer will be adopted, and without any debate,
for I have no desire to consume the valuable
time of the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will simply
say that my colleague has submitted his rec-
ommendations and amendments to the fcoift
mitte'e on Appropriations: They are t'wo or
three in number. I'am riot authorized by the
committee to accept them. The first one [ felt
obliged to;resist. Wehave'repbrted these appro-
priations a little under the estimates setiVto
uS from the Department,' following the appro-
priations of last year exactly. My collfeagiie's
amendments would m'afie the 'appropriations
abdut half Way between the estiWtes'aft'd the-'
appropriations of last year. If the 'Hotise
chooses:to adopt them, I shall not resist:
The qneStioh was tnken upon Mr, Wij,soti?'8
amen'dmehti;; And it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragrapK:
For purchase  nd distribution of new and valuable
seeds and plants, 340,000; for expensesof puttingun
the same, for Iftbor.'lMUiging, paper;twine, gum, and
other necessary materials, $6,000.
Mr. WH1TTHORN15. I thove to afnend
that paragraph by striking out<l $40,000," and
inserting in lieu thereof'"$60,000," and by
adding to the paragraph the following:
Provided, That $20,000 of said sum shall be ex-
pended in the purchaso and distribution of sneh
seeds and plants as are adapted to the soil and xsli-
lnate of too southern States, and which shall be
distributed by the Commissioner thrtfush the officers
of the Bta'teand county agricultural sosieties in said
States. -- -
Mr. Chairman,! do not know that I can add
any force to the suggestions contained in the
amendment itself, it is well known to this
Hou->e that for a long period of time the south-
ern States were without the benefit of seeds
from this bureau, and it is well known also
that the southern States have been and are
now engaged in a system of labor new to them ;
and with that new system of labor I trust it
will receive aid and encouragement at the
hands of this Government. I trust that the
Government will give them the benefit ot new
seedsand new plants to aid them in divcrsifv-
ing their industry. I trust that Hv amendment
will receive the approbation of this Committee
of the Whole, and be adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I trust that this
amendment will not prevail. Our fiiends in
the South were too busy in another direction
during the time they were deprived of these
seeds to have made good use of them, even if
they had received them, and 1 really do- rfot,
know that we ought now to compensate tbein
for it. I hope the amendment will not pre-
vail.
Mr. RAINEY. I ask that the amendment
may be again read.
The amendment was accordingly read.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the amend-
ment has been exhausted.
Mr. WHITTHOKNli.- I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I'renew it, and will yield
to the gentleman from .South Carolina [Mr.
Rainey] for a short time.
Mr. RAINEY. I am opposed to this amend-
ment because, in my judgment, its effect will
be to deprive a class oi'poor men'in tbe South
of the facilities now accorded to them through
the Agricultural Department. Iu many por-
tions of the southern States we have no agri-
cultural societies ; that is to say, no societies
of which the poor men of that counti*y are
members. We have tig'ricultural societies
organized for the purpose of perpetuating
certain-sentiments in the South. Those agri
cultural societies are upheld by men who-:e
sentiments and spirit' are iu opposition to the
poor men of the country. I believe that if
the seedsand plants which are now distributed
by the agency of the Agricultural Department
were placed at the disposal of these agricul-
tmal societies of the South, the poor men of
that country would not get the quota of them
which they now obtain through th.'ir Repre-
sentatives. I am in favor oi increasing the
amount, of appropriation for the distribution
of seeds and plants, for I believe they are'rery
much needed by us in the southern States.
