3292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Louisiana they will upon short notice make
their exit from the State. [Laughter.]
These are facts well known. Why, sir, I
venture to say that as a whole they were the
dearest delegation that went from any State to
the Cincinnati convention. Not by the ties
of respect, affection, or gratitude, but because
they cost the State millions of dollars. Oh,
sir, they are very dear to Louisiana! If gentle-
men who sympathize with the Cincinnati con-
vention plume themselves upon the delegations
that went from the State of Louisiana and
some other southern States, I can say to them
in the name, I believe, of nine tenths of the
people of those States, "You are welcome to
them, costly though they be," [laughter;] and
if I had time I could read extract after extract
from the papers showiug the estimation in
which the people of the city of New Orleans
and the State of Louisiana hold many of the
gentlemen who professed to represent (I
should say misrepresent) them in that con-
vention.
Sir, I should not have said this much were
itnotthatlfeel thatl am amply justified by what
was said by the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware, when he said that the object of this kind
of legislation was to prevent a fair election
because certain State officials had recently
identified themselves with the Liberal move-
ment, as it is called.
Sir, I repeat, all that we ask is afair election,
and wherever there is a thief in office in the
guise of Republicanism, or wherever any man
or set of men under color of law, calling them-
selves .Republicans, Liberal or otherwise, pro-
pose to take from the people their right to the
elective franchise, their right to be represented
by honest officials, I say, in the language of
the Bee, and of the majority of the people of
Louisiana, let us, if we cannot remedy these
abuses otherwise, have Federal interference.
So it is, sir, that I am thus concerned regard-
ing the people 1 represent, to the end that they
may secure an honest government. I say to
Senators here, give us all the law you can to
secure this result, and the people of Louisiana,
and I believe of other southern States, will
hail such action with gladness. Give them a
fair election; if you will do so, rest assured
the people now will have honest officers.
And right here let me say, do not get the
idea that the people of Louisiana are intol-
erant. No, sir; in all this broad country
to-day there is not a State where the people
are more loyal, more generous, and more hos-
pitable than they are in the city of New
Orleans and in the State of Louisiana. Louis-
iana is without a Ku Jvlux, and peace reigns
in her borders. Charity should plead (their
grievances considered) a full acquittal and for-
giveness for whatever they may have done in
violation of law heretofore. The chariot of
Mars had swept over tliem. Their plantations
lay in ruins. Their gin-houses and their sugar-
houses were in rums. Many of them were
imbued with that sort of despair and reckless-
ness engendered by the war. But, sir, not-
withstanding the burdens that have since and
are still oppressing them under the guise of
outrageous laws, their plantations are begin-
ning to show the result of industry. The din of
commerce and the hum of industry are heard
in the city of New Orleans and throughout the
Stnte. The State, struggling under terrible
difficulties, has begun, I am glad to say, its
march of progress, and the people do not want
any more riots; they do not want any more
violence; but they desire to pursue such a
course as will invite northern capital and
northern immigration, which has stood so
long upon the borders of the State and said,
"There is a grand arena, a grand field for
investment, and we desire to go thither, but
first let us be assured of peace and an honest
government." Sir, what the people want is
peace. What they want is good laws, honestly
administered; but they know well they cannot
have this without a fair and honest election.
Last Monday night the people of New Or-
leans met ere masse under a call embracing, it
is said, a large majority of the capitalists and
tax-payers of the city, protesting against the
payment of any more taxes, because the taxes
imposed upon them were illegal, unjust,"and
oppressive. And in this they are supported
by the legal opinion of many of the best law-
yers of the city, who have pledged themselves
to defend them in resisting the payment of
such taxes without " fear or reward."
Sir, one reason why so many of the white
people of New Orleans and throughout the
State are favorably disposed toward the present
Federal Administration is largely owing to the
fact that they believe that it frowns upon that
class of men who have done so much to bur-
den them with a load of debt and taxation
under which they are reeling upon the very
verge of bankruptcy.
Why, sir, I think it is permissible for me to
state that during the discussion to-day on the
presidential electors' bill, a Democratic mem-
ber of the other House, who was a member of
the investigating committee which recently
visited New Orleans, spoketomeapprobatively
of that bill which met with so much opposition
from some of our friends on the other side. I
think I may say he gave me an assurance that
he would give any measure looking to securing
a fair election in Louisiana his most earnest
support. He will do it because he is a southern
Democrat and has their interests at heart.
And, sir, I cannot believe that any true friend
of the people of Louisiana desires to see them
tied to the tail of the kite of the northern
Democracy to help them, irrespective of their
own local interests. No, sir, I believe, as I
have already said, that the Federal adminis-
tration has in a very large degree the sympathy
of the whole people of Louisiana, because it
has done so much to frown down and dis-
countenance those in the State who have con-
trolled it so long and done it so much injury.
Mr. President, I did not intend to occupy
more than a moment or two, but I have been
led in this desultory manner to speak of the
condition of my State. If I had time and
opportunity, and felt justified in presuming
upon the patience of the Senate, I could
portray such a picture of the condition of
the people of that State and of the wrongs
inflicted upom them as would "stir a fever
in the heart of age and make infant sinews
strong as steel."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will the
honorable Senator from Louisiana tell me
what party has control of the State of Louis-
iana? [Laughter.] I should like to hear an
answer to that question. I have been waiting
half an hour to hear that.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Liberal Republican
as they call themselves under the auspices of
the recent Cincinnati movement.. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLZ. I will ask the Senator
from Louisiana whether those Liberal Repub-
licans whom he has been condemning so se-
verely committed the outrages upon the people
of Louisiana before they were liberalized, or
since. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG. Before and since. [Laugh-
ter.] It is because they did it before, that as
soon as they were discovered they were de-
nounced, and the liepublican party, as an
organization, set its face against them, and in
the language of Horace Greeley, in a lecture
delivered just after his return from his famous
tour through the southern States, and who
said to the people of the South and the honest
Republicans, that they should say to all these
men when their dishonesty was discovered,
when their true character was made manifest,
"Go back, thieves." The Republican party
of Louisiana said to these men, "Begone,
thieves." The Democratic party of Louisiana
said the same. The newly inaugurated reform
movement said the same. Denounced thus on
all sides, there remained no city of refuge, no
place of safety, until they found themselves
within the walls of the Liberal convention
recently held in Cincinnati. [Laughter.]
But other States that I might mention were
also represented by Liberal Republicans of the
same sort. Perhaps one of my honorable
friends from Georgia will tell the Senate who
the three men were that cast the twenty-two
votes of that State in the Cincinnati conven-
tion ?
Mr. HILL. I do not wish to interrupt the
Senator, but as he has asked the question, I
will ask him, who were those inen ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. KELLOGG. That is just what I ask
the Senator. Who were they? [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. I do not know who they were.
[Laughter.] jl
Mr. KELLOTJG. And yet my friend from
Georgia is intimately acquainted all over his
State.
I might ask my honorable friend from Flor-
ida [Mr. Osborn] who the men were that rep-
resented Florida. Who were the men that rep-
resented Mississippi? Who were the men who
represented Texas? Sir, I believe they were
men in buckram for the most part, and some
of those of whom I can speak three years ago
would not have been able, without borrowing
the money from some dupe, to have paid for
their ticket, even at half fare the round trip,
to go to Cincinnati as delegates. [Laughter.]
But, sir, those were the men who, when it ap-
peared that a majority of the votes were in
favor of a certain candidate in the Cincinnati
convention, like sheep followingabell-wether,
went where they thought success lay, and con-
sequently the spoils of office. They can fol-
low that scent with the avidity of the sleuth-
hound. It was those men, representing that
kind of constituency, all imaginary, professing
to represent Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana,
and other States, self elected, as my friend
from Alabama [Mr. Spencer] reminds me,
self-constituted, without any constituency,
without any proprietary interest, paying no
taxes, having no part or parcel in common with
the people. It was through the numerical
strength represented by just such adventurers
as referred to that the present paradoxical
ticket of protection and free trade was given to
the American people to discuss through the
recent Cincinnati convention.
Sir, I will occupy but little more time, but
I cannot forbear calling attention to a portion
of a letter written a short time before his
death by Oscar J. Dunn, late Lieutenant Gov- .
ernor of the State of Louisiana. I think I
risk nothing in saying that he was par excel-
lence a noble representative man of his race ;
a most able executive officer, and in every
sense of the word an honest man. Once an
apprentice, with no education except that
which he acquired by hard and assiduous ap-
plication, he came to be universally respected
in the State of Louisiana.
Just before he died, this representative col-
ored man wrote a letter to the editor of the
New York Tribune. Of the portion that I
have marked I might now and then omit a
sentence; but I will venture, with the indul-
gence of the Senate, to ask the Secretary to
read it all. Let it be borne in mind, however,
that this letter was written after what is pop-
ularly denominated the 9th of August conven-
tion, when it was said the military interfered
to uphold one party and break down another.
The New York Tribune, honestly and sin-
cerely, I doubt not, took occasion to animad-
vert severely upon the course of the Federal
authorities and of that portion of the people
who sympathized with their action. It was
because of those animadversions that Governor
Dunn penned the letter to Mr. Greeley of
which I will ask the Clerk to read a portion.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
In your lecture, delivered to the citizens of Slew
York, after your return from Texas, you rcter to a
class of men, found in all the southern States, as
elements of the Republican party, hurtful to lis
integrity and dangerous to its safety ; and you were
