2396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
public service be authorized to receive a fair
compensation for their extra services.
Mr. SA RGENT. That is exactly what this
amendment will do.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And now, when
we undertake to comply with this recommend-
ation, we are told that this effort is made by
enemies of the Aministration. If these gen-
tlemen convince the country that they are
carrying out the wishes of the President by
their opposition to this appropriation they will
have struck him and his administration a more
fatal blow than any yet delivered by those who
use their right to criticise him. If all this effort
at civil service is a mere piece of acting, it is
high time the country should knowit. If these
gentlemen who denounce civil service reform
so loudly will convince the country that the
President has been insincere in all this, they
■will thereby make the Cincinnati convention a
power to be courted and feared rather than
denounced and "spit upon."
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] himself says the plan is a
humbug.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Ohio says no such thing.
Mr. SARGENT. He says it has proved
futile and inefffciivc.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I beg the gen-
tleman's pardon. I said that many suggestions
on civil service reform were doubtless idle and
futile. But I did not say, and I never say, that
the pointing out of evils in the civil service sys-
tem, or that the demand for reform in the civil
service, was either futile or a humbug.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman was speak-
ing of the rules of this board.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On the con-
trary, 1 stated to my colleague on the commit-
tee, [Mr. Sargent,] in the course of the debate,
that I had not seen the new rules; and this
amendment refers to such rules as may yet be
perfected and adopted. I hold in my hand a
speech made in 1835 by no less a man than
Daniel Webster, in which he called attention
to the great evil which had been brought into
the public service by the doctrine that "to
the victors belong the spoils," and in clear
and powerful language denounced the evil. I
quote his language:
" The extent of tlio patronage springing from this
power of appointment arid removal is so great that
it brings a dangeious ma>s of private and personal
interests into operation in ali great public elections
and public questions." ** 1 " - ''The
unlimited power to grant office and take it away
gives a command over the hopes and fears of a vast
multitude < t men. It is generally true that ho who
^jontiols a man's living contiols his will." '• *
* * "Office of every kind is now sought with
extraordinary avidity, and the condition wel l under-
stood to be attached to every office, high or low, is
indiscriminate support of executive meabures, and
implicit obedience to executive will." 15 * !*
* "1 am for arresting the further progress of
this executive patronage, if wo can arrest it. I am
for staying the further contagion of this plague."
**=■•* " Sudden removals irom office are
seldom necessary ; we see how seldom, by reterence
to the practice of the Government under all admin-
istrations which have precoicd the present." *
* * Y "I desire only, for the present at least,
that when the President lui us a man out of office he
fchould give his rea>uns for it to the Senate when he
nominates another person to till the place." * *
* •• "The removing power, as recently exer-
cised, tends to turn the whole body of public officers
into partisans, dependents, favorites, sycophants,
and man-v/orthipcrs."
I hope gentlemen will not call this the lan-
guage of " humbug."
In the same debate, S. S. Prentiss, Senator
from Mississippi, a man of rare power, in-
dorsed Webster's opinion in even stronger
terms, and pointed out the great falling oft' in
the tone of the civil service of that day. He
said:
" Since the avowal of that unprincipled and bar-
barian motfo, that 'to the viotois belong the spoils,'
office, which wa> intended for the ui>e and benefit of
the people, has become but the {dander of parry.
Patronage is waved like a huge magnet over the
land, and demagogues, like iron tilings, attracted
by a law of.their nature, gather and cluster around
its poles, Never > et lived the demagogue who would
not take office.
"The whole frame of our Government, the whole
institutions of the country, are thus prostituted to
the uses of party. I express my candid opinion
when I aver that I do not believe a single office of
importance within the control of the Executive has,
for the last five years, been filled with any other
view, or upon any other consideration, than that of
party effect. Office is conferred as the reward of
partisan service.
"Do you not see the eagerness with which even
Governors, Senators, and Representatives in Con-
gress grasp at the most trivial appointments, the most
insignificant emoluments.
The gentlemen who framed the report which
has been forwarded to us by the President,
give this weighty testimony:
"During the early Administrations appointments
were made from considerations of character and
fitness, and removals took place for cause. This
practice, as it was the Yirisest and most reasonable,
was also to be expected, because Washington was
unanimously elected to the Presidency, and party
divisions, as we know them, were developed only
toward the close of his administration. He required
of applicants proofs of ability, integrity, and fit-
ness. 'Beyond this,'he said, 'nothing with me is
necessary or will be of any avail to them in my
deci ion.' John Adams made few removals, and
those for cause. Jefferson said that the pressure to
remove was like a torrent. But he resisted it, and
declared, in his famous phrase, that' The only ques-
tions concerning a candidate shall be, is he hon-
est; is he capable; is he faithful to the Constitu-
tion ?' Madison, Monroe, and John Quincy Adams
followed him so faithfully that the joint congres-
sional Committee on Retrenchment reported, in
18G8, that, having consulted all acccssible means
of infoiination, they had not learned of a single
removal of a subordinate officer except for cause
from the beginningof Washington's administration
to the close of that of John Quincy Adams."
Will any gentleman risk his reputation as a
student of political history by denying anyone
of the statements here made ? I think not.
They will not venture to say that Washington,
or John Adams, or Jefferson, or any of our
Presidents for the first forty years of the Con-
stitution was elected because of the offices
which the " successful party " would be able
to command for aiding 111 the election.
The people, the millions of our worthy
countrymen who look upon our system of gov-
ernment with reverence, who study its work-
ings with patriotic affection, have not yet
learned the lesson which during the last two
days has been so boldly taught on this floor,
that politics is a trade, and officers are the
mere tools and implements of the political
tradesmen. How will gentlemen dispose of
such weighty testimony as this of my honored
colleague, [Mr. Shetxararger,] not now in
his seat,j who not many weeks since challenged
the attention of the whole country by his pow-
erful arraignment of the civil service as it now
ivS '/ He said :
"A 4 civil service reform ' that shall end this con-
trol by the representative of the appointments of his
' district,'will rescue the Constitution from one of
its most threatening dangers. Of course, Mr. Speaker,
I am not by this forbidding the President to take
information as to the fitness of appointments from
any intelligent and virtuous citizen, although he
may be a member of Congress, but what I am dep-
recating and demanding to be reformed is that bad
usage now attaining the strength of law, by which
Senators and members are cxpccted, and oven con-
strained, to control the appointments of their States
and districts.
" This fratricidal war against the foundation quali-
ties of the Government was begun thirty years ago
by the Democratic party. The war took for its motto
and put upon banners this: 'To the victors belong
the spoils!' May Heaven make it so that it shall be
one of the new and crowning achievements of the
Republican party to efface that motto, and efface it
forever. And may there be written over it in letters
inextinguishable, ' To the people belong the offices,
for tree bestowment upon those most worthy to fill
them.'"
it will take a battalion of such assailants as
have praised our service as spotless, and de-
nounced all attempts at reform as "humbug,"
to controvert the truth of these weighty words
of my worthy colleague.
1 am proud to stand in the company of those
who favor a reform in this direction. In doing
this I denounce not men, but a system.
From the days of Jackson down to the
present hour, without the sole fault of any
une Administration, but by the process of
slow insidious growth, we have been going on
step by step until we have reached a situation
which is deplored by the most thoughtful
men in the nation. It is true our public ser-
vice is and has always been purer than that
with which Brutus reproached Cassius when
he taxed him with having
 " an itching palm
To sell and mart [his] offices for gold
To undeservers."
But it is the logic and the tendency of
our whole system to sell the public offices for
political favors and for aid to political par-
ties. It is this condition of things which
the President of the United States asks all his
friends everywhere to help him reform, and
which is rudely d-enounced by those who assume
to be his special champions.
I hope the House wiil vote down the amend-
ment made by the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and vote for the
amendment of the Senate, and I shall demand
a vote by yeas and nays, that we may see who
are willing to aid the President.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on
concurring with the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union in striking out
from the twenty-fifth amendment of the Sen-
ate, the words u on newspapers $50,000:
Provided, that;" so that it will read :
After the publication of the laws of the present
Congress the publication of the laws in newspapers
shall cease.
Mr. SARGENT. I offered an amendment
as a substitute for the action of the Senate,
and also for the action of the Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. That is true, but the
vote must first be taken on the amendment
reported by the committee. Should the
House refuse to concur in striking out the
$50,000 in the Senate amendment, then the
only question to be voted on in the amend-
ment of the gentleman from California would
be on his proviso. Should the House non-
concur with the Committee of the Whole to
strike out the $50,000 in the amendment of
the Senate, then the whole of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from California will
be presented, and may be divided into two
parts.
Mr. SARGENT. Of course, I do not de-
sire to debate with the Speaker on a point of
order. I yield to his superior knowledge in
such matters, but I understood last night that
the difficulty arose from the fact that the Com-
mittee of the Whole did not act on the Senate
amendment at ail, but on what it supposed to
be the Senate amendment. Now, I desire to
remedy that by my proposed substitute.
The SPEAKER. But the record is very
clear that the Committee of the Whole took
this action. They struck out the $50,000 fiotu
the Senate amendment. That is an intelligent
proposition reported by the committee, and in
connection with the amendment of the Senate
as it really stands.
Mr. SARGENT. But it was in connection
with the proviso, which was misprinted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will ob-
serve that not a word is said about the proviso.
That can be remedied by the gentleman's
amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. The Speaker remarked
last evening that although he did not know it
as Speaker of the House, he did know as a
member of the Committee of the Whole, that
the committee did not act upon the real
amendment of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will observe,
inasmuch as a question of fact is raised, that
the gentleman from California does not deny
that the Committee of the Whole voted to
strike out the $50,000.
Mr. SARGENT. They did under a misap-
prehension.
The SPEAKER. That is an inference of
the gentleman from California.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The $50,000
was in the Seriate amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not now
