4188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
will be entered.
PETITION
Mr. POMEROY preRpntpd the memorial of
Messrs. Koss, Adair, and Vatm, delegates of
the Cherokee nation of Indians, in favor of
the establishment of a separate court for the
Indian territQry ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
BILL INTKODUCRD.
Mr. JOHNSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to'introduce a bill (S.
No. 1187) to remove the disabilities of Daniel
Trigs': and others; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
sknatoit from kansas.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the Senator from Wis-
consin to allow me to submit a report with a
riew to have it. printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On what sub-
ject ?
Mr. LOCtAN. The Committee on Privileges
and Elections, who were directed by a resolu-
tion of the Senate to investigate the election
of the Senators from Kansas, have directed
me to submit a report in relation to one of the
Senators, fMr. Pomrroy,] which I ask belaid
on the table and be punted.
Mr. POMEROY. Is there a resolution with
the report?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas, who is interested on this subject,
desires to know whether the report is accom-
panied by a resolution?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; the committee
merely a^k to be discharged from the further
considerution of the subject.
The VICE Pit ESI I) EN r. The report will
be luidupon the t.ableand printed.
Thr report, was, on motion of' Mr. POME-
HOY, ordered to be printed in the Globe. [See
Appendix.]
tax and tariff Dlt.l..
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator fioni Wisconsin, 1 ask to present the
conference report on the tnrifT bill. It will
take but a few moments to dispose of it.
Ml- IIOVVE. The Se.mtor is not quite
coricct in saying h« has tny consent,
Mr. SiiKUM A N. I my with your consent.
J trust, lhe Senator wiil allow it, because I
wuiit to get tlx; report through as soon hs pos-
sible. It is a heavy bill, and will require a
grout deal of labor 1 <  enrol! it.
Tho VICK 1'UKSI OKNT. The Senator
from Ohio appvals to the Semilor from Wis-
consin to allow him to rual<<; a conferumu!
repoit, subject U> objection if it gives lise to
debate.
Mr. UOWK. Very well; I will do that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present, the repottfrom
the conference commit tee on thw tax and tariff
bill, and ask that, it be icad.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The eommittoo of conference on Hie disagreeing
votes<d the two Houses on the bit! (II R. No. 232J)
to reduce duties on iiupoitc, and to reduce internal
taxes, and lorother purposes, bavmg met, after hill
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend to their respective House?, as fol-
lows;
That the Senate recede frmti their amendments
numbered 37. 88. 10. oO, 01. 68, 1^0, lot, and 1,55
That the House recede hem their disagreement
to the amendments of the Semite numbered 2. 3, 5,
6. 7 8, 13, 14, 15, 17, U). 20, 21, 22, 'Si. 2i, M 30. 31, 32,
3(5. 39. 4(1, 41, -12. - 3, 44 4o, 18, 49,51, 52, 53. 56, 59. 60,
65. GO. 67. 69. 70, 72 73, 74, 75. 76. 77. 78. 7i>. 80. 81. 82.
83 Si 85, &>. 87 88 8U, 90. 91. 92, T>, 94. 95. <JG. 97. 98,
K n JOJ. K)2 103. 105. 106, 107. 103 112. 113. 114, 115,
rn 117.118. 11^, 1M, 122, 123. 124. 125. 1-6, 127, 128,
J Lit ]30,131, l.>2, 133, 13(3,137, 138, 147.
inat the House recede trom ttieir disagreement
tc J he first amendment of the Senate so far as it is
p opoped to strike out the word "January," and
avree to the same with an amendment inserting in
luii of the word proposed to be inserted the word
"August;"' and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment us follows: strike
out the word " ten," in said Senate amendment, and
insert in lieu thereof the word "fifteen;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the game with amendments as follows: strike out all
from line eleven to line twenty inclusive, on page 3
of said Senate amendment; and strike out of said
Senate amendment (line twenty-five) the word
"and," and insert in lieu thereof the words "five
cents per pound, and on;" aud the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eleventh amendment of the Senate, so lar as it
is proposed to strike out words, and agree to the
same with an amendment as follows: strike out the
words pioposed to be inserted, and insert in lieu
thereof the words "1st day of August, 1872; " and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tlie twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agr**e to
the same with an amendment as follows: on page 2,
line twelve of the bill, beiore the word " animals,"
insert the word "like;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixteenth amendmentof the Senate, am agree
to the same with an amendment us follows: after the
word "excepting," in line twenty, page 2, of the
bill, insert the words "percussion caps;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
Thnt the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out the word "including," in said Senate amend-
ment, and insert in lieu thereof the words " except-
ing unsized printing paper;" and the Senate agree
to the same.
That the House reoede from theirdisagreement to
the twenty-fifth amendmentof the Senate,aud agreo
to the same with an amendment as follows: stiike
out the word "kaolin" from said Senate amend-
ment ; and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows :
alter the word " except" in said Senate amendment
insert the word "wool;"and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recode from their disagreement to
the twenty-eighth amendment of the Senate so far
as it, proposes to strike out the winds "day and year
when this act ah.ill take effect," and insert in lieu
of the words proposed to be inserted the words
"1st day ot August, 1872;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recedo from theirdisagreement to
the tvventy-njnth .unendment of the Senate so far
as it is proposed to smUc out words, aud agree to
the same with an amendment as follows: insert in
lieu of the paragraph stricken out. the words "on
all burlaps, and like manufactures of fiax, jute,
or hemp, or of which flux, jute, or hemp shall bo
the component material of chief value, excepting
such as may be suitable for bagging tor cotton,
thirty per cent, ad valorem; on all oil-eloth
foundations or floor-eloth canvas, made of flax,
jute, or hemp, or of which fl.ix, jute, or hemp shall
be the .component material of chief value, toity
per cent,. <ul v'ttornn on .ill bags, cotton baps, and
bagging, aud all other like, manufactures, not
herein otherwise provided for, exceptcotton bagging
for cotton, composed wholly or in pai t of flax, hemp,
jute, Kunny-cloth, gunny-bags, or other material,
forty per cent, ad valorem and the Senate agree to
the same.
That tho House recede from their disagreement,
to the thirty-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
insert iji lieu of the matter proposed to be stricken
out the following:
On acids, namely, noetic, acetous, and pyrolig-
neou^s ot specific gravity ot 1.047, or less, five cents
per pound ; acetic, acetous, and pyrojigneons ot
specific gravity over 1.047. thirty cents per pound;
carbolic, liquid, ten percent, ad valorem ; gallic,one
dollar per pound; sulphuric, fuming, (Nordhau-
sen.) one cent per pound; tannic, one dollar per
pound; tartaric, fifteen cents per pound.
On acetates of ammonia, twenty-five cents per
pound; baryta, twenty-five cents per pound; cop-
per, ten cents per pound; iron, twenty-five cents per
pound; lead, brown, five cents per pound; white,
ten cents per pound; potass.t, twenty-five cents per
pound; soda, twenty-five cent* per pouivt; strontia,
twenty-five oents per pound ; zinc, twenty-five cents
per pound.
And t he Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede trom their disagreement to
the thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with amendments as follows:
insert in lieu of the words stricken out the wouta
" on blue vitriol, four cents per poundand on page
5, lines ten and eleven, strike on. 'he words " crude,
fifteen cents per pound ; refined, i weutv ;" and insert
in lieu thereof the words " refined, five;" and the
Senate agree to th*> same.
'J'hat the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out the word "ten" in said Senate amendment,
and insert in lieu thereof the word "twenty;" and
the Senate agree to ttie same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
after the word "dates," in said amendment, insert
the word " prunes;" and the Senate agree to the
fame.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: insertin
lieu ot the matter stricken out the words " on moide
iron, made trom sand ore by one process, fiiteen
dollars per ton ; " and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House reoede from theirdisagreement to
the fifty-fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out all of said amendment after the word "sun-
shades," and insert in lieu thereof the following:
" when covered with silk or alpaca, shall be sixty
per cent, ad valorem ; a ll other umbrellas shall be
forty-five per cent, ad valorem ; on saltpeter, crude,
one cent per pound ; refined, and partially refined,
two cents per pound and the Senate agree to the
sa me.
That the House recede from thMr disagreements
the fifty -seventh amendment ot the Senate,and agreo
to the same with amendments as follows: page 7,
line eighteen ot the bill, strike out the word "July,"
and insert in lieu thereof the word "August;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-eighth amendment of the Senate, and agiee
to thesamewith the following amendments: amend
said Senate amendment as follows page 10, line
one, strike out the word "citric;" page 10, line
twenty-eight, strike out the word " airow-root;"
page 12, line nine, strike out the words "bromide
and chloride of aluminium;" page 12, line twelve,
strikeout the words "carbolic acid;" page 12, line
twenty-two. strike out the word " butter;" page 12,
line twenty-three, after the word "coii" iutcrt
"and coir yarn ;" page 13, line twenty-five, strike
out the words "gold, oxide of;" page 13, strike out
lines twenty-seven and twenty-eight, and niseit in
lieu thereot the words "grease for use us soap stock
only, not otherwise provided for;" page 14, line tour,
strike out tho worus "and hog;" page 14, line six.
alter the word " mattresses," insert the words " and
not fit for bi ist les ;" page 14, line twelve, strike out
the words "of cattle;" page 14, line twenty-lour,
strike out the words "and crude rosin of;" page 15,
strike outall of line seventeen ; page 15,line twentj-
one, strike out the words "and crude rosin ot;'*
page 17, line lour, after ihe word "sassafras" add
the words " bark and root;" page 17, strike outall
of line seven; page 17, strike outline ten and lino
th'n teen ;page 18, hue eleven, after the word " whale-
bone" add the word "unmanufactured;" and on
page 18 stiike out line fifteen; and the Senate agrco
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-first amendment ot the Senate, and ag ee
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out the word " July," and insert in lieu thereot the
word "August."
Th.it the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-second amendment ot the Senate, andugiee
to the same with an amendment as follows: after
the word " lire-arms" insert the words "scales, bal-
ances and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-third amendment of the Semite, and agreo
to thesame with the following amendments : on pago
14of the hill, li ne seventeen, after the word "manila. "
insert the word " and," and alter the word "steel,"
in line seventeen, strike out the words "not ad-
vanced beyond;" and in line eighteen, same page,
after the word "bais" insert "spikes, nails," and
in sauie line, attei the word " bolts," insert the word
" andand the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede tiom their disagreement to
the ninety-nm tli amendment oi the Senate, and agiee
to the saiuo with an amendment as lollows: sutk©
out the matter proposed to be mseitcd, aud m-ut
in lieu thereof the following: that section foity-
eight be amended by striking out all after the enact-
mgelauseand insertingm lieu thereof the following:
That on all wines, liquors, or compounds known,
or denominated as wine, and made in imitation of
sparkling wine or champagne, but not made from
grapes grown in the United States, and on all liquois,
noimadetrom giapes, currants, rhubarb, or hemes
giown in the United btates, but produced by being
rectified or mixed vvitli distilled spirits, or by me
infusion of any matter in spirits to be sold as wine
or as a substitute for wine, there shall be levied
and collected a tax ot ten cents per bottle or pack-
age containing not more than one pint, or ot twenty
cents per bottle or package containing more than
one pint aud not moie thau one qua.it, and at tho
same rate tor any larger quantity of such merchan-
dise, however tne same may be put up, or whatever
may be the package ; aud the Commissioner ot in-
ternal Revenue shall cause to be prepared suitable
and special st tmpsdenoting the tax herein imposed,
to be athxed to each bottle or package containing
such uieicbaudise, by the person manufacturing,
compounding, or putting up the same, beiore ie-
moval iroiu the place of manufacture, com pounding,
or putting up; said sramps to be affixed and can-
celed in such manner as the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue may prer-enbe ; and the abseuce of
such stamp from any bottle or package containing
such merchandise shall ha prima Jacie evidence that
the tax thereon has not been paid, and sucti mer-
chandise shall be forfeited to the United States.
Any person counterfeiting, altering, or refusing
said stamps shall be subject to the same penalties as
are imposed for the same offenses iu relation topio-
pnetary stamps.
And the Senate agree to the same.
Ibat the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirty-ninth amendmentof tho
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: strike out the words proposed to be
inserted, and insert in lieu tbeieot the following:
" that on and alter the 1st day of October, 1872, all
