1872.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
4189
the taxes imposed by stamps under and by virtue
of schedule B, 01 bection one hundred and seventy,
ot the act, approved Jane 30,18o4, and tile several
acts ameudciLory thereof, be, and the Same are
heieby, repealed, excepting only the tax of two
cents on bank chocks, drafts, or orders: Provided
Xhat where any mortgage has been executed and
recorded* or m.iy be executed and recorded, before
the 1st day ot October, A. 1). 1872, to secure the pay-
ment of bonds or obligations that in.iy be made and
isoued from time to time, and such mortgage not
fceiug stamped, all such bonds or obligations so made
urid issued on or after the said 1st day ot October,
A. D. 1872, shad not be subject to anv stamp duty,
but only such of their bonds or obligations as may
have been madei and issued before the day last alore-
gaid: And provided Jut tker, Toat in the mean time
The holder of any instrument of writing of whatever
kind and description which has been made or issued
without beingduly stamped, or with adefuncrstamp,
may make application to any collector of internal
revenue, and that upon such application such col-
lector shall thereupon affix the stamp provided by
sucli holder upon such instrument of writing as
required by law to be put upon the same, and sub-
ject to the provisions of section one hundred and
Ihty-eight of the internal revenue laws:" and the
{Seriate agree to tile same.
That uie House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1-lJ, 141,
142,14o, 14-4, and 145. and agree to the same with an
amendment, as follows: stnke out the matter pro- j
l oM.d to bo inserted, and also all ot the proviso ttius
amended, being from the word " provided" in line
eleven, page 53, down to the word "establish" in
line nineteen, page 53, inclusive; and the Senate
agree to the
lh.it the House recede from their disagreement to
the one bundled and forty-sixth amendment of the
Source and agieetotho same with an amendment,
fallows: alter the woid "received" in said
amendment, inset t the words "from day to day;"
au>i tile senate agree to the same.
That the House recede Iruua their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-eighth amendment ot the
Senate, and agi ee to the same with an amendment,
as follows: in section lorry-three of said Seriate
amendment sii ike out the word "sixty," and insert
in lieu tbereoi the word "eighty and the Senate
agree to the same.
JOHN SHERMAN,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
I. h\ BAY Alii),
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
II. L. DAWKS,
WA1. D. K.KLLEY,
M. C. KUiK,
Managerv on the part of the House.
The Chief Clerk having read the recom
niendation of the conference committee on the
tlm'i\ -fillh amendment of the Senate,
Mr. CAS^iEltLY. 1 should like to know
something about these amendments. To what
dot s tha<. amendment relate?
Mr. SHERMAN. X think that amendment
leiers to quinine.
Mr. CASSEiiLY. I wish to give notice
that I shall have to debate that. Both the
Senate and the House agi eed to ten per cent.,
and I desire to know why the conference com-
mittee coribidt-ied itself authorized to reverse
the action of both Houses.
Mr. SHERMAN. When we get through
with the leading 1 will explain it.
The Chief Clerk having concluded the read-
ing of the report,
The V1CK PRESIDENT. The question is
on agret ing to the report.
Mr. CASSERLY. This report is an illus-
tration of the nr.ter nselessness of conference
reports, where the details are numerous, as a
matter of information. I desire to say now
that. 1 think we must all recognize by this time
the necessity of an entire change in the mode
of making these reports. They should at least
conform to the formula of the statutes, so that
when a change is made the section or the
clause should be set out so as to inform us
what has taken place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Calilornia that if
debate is to commence on this report, he must
protect the Senator from Wisconsin, who has
only this evening for the bnls reported from the
Committee on Claims, and only y>elued to
tins report on conduion that it could be dis-
posed of without debate, and already a quarter
of an hour has been occupied with it.
jVir. SHERMAN. 1 hope the Senator from
California will allow the report to be acted on
without, deba'e.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report can
be printed or laid on the table, and the Senator
will have ample time hereafter to discuss it.
Mr. CASSEliLY. That is a very trying
position in which to place anybody who has
taken any interest in this tariff bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair only
desired to say this now lest the point mightbe
raised, if this debate continued, as to whether
the Senator from Wisconsin would have the
right to take a Senator off of the floor in the
midst of a speech on the tariff. This evening
was assigned to his committee, and he gave
way on the express condition that this report
should not lead to debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not dissenting in
the slightest degree to what the Chair says. J
was replying to the Senator from Ohio, who
was appealing to me not to raise any debate,
and I said it was a very trying position in
which to place any Senator who has taken the
slightest interest in this bill. I would much
prefer that we were allowed to ascertain what
has taken place. 1 am merely anxious upon
those subjects 011 which from my position as a
Senator trom California 1 was obaged to take
especial interest. 1 do not know, for instance,
what, has become of the subject of bagging. I
do know what has become of the subject of
qainine, and it is a reversal of the action of
both Houses, as I understand it; yet I may be
mistaken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Wisconsin now claims the floor the Chair
must assign it to him. if he giws wav for
debate, debate will be open, subj-ci to the
rules of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly the Senator from
Ohio will not. insist on going on with this re-
port under the intimation of the Senator from
CVifbrnia.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. This is a very important
bill, and the House have been waiting in ses-
sion for it, and they have adjourned until to-
morrow in hope that they may go on with it
then. I will state generally that all the amend-
ments of the Senate ptactically have been
concurred in, except in regaid to tobacco,
where we were compelled to yield to the very de
terinined wish of the House to have a uniform
rate on tobacco at twenty cents. The subject
of quinine was entirely open, and we reduced
the duty from forty-five to twenty per cent.
That is the only case that I know of in which
we departed from the vote of the Senate. The
members of the House committee insisted that
by the action of the two Houses the whole
subject was open, and that a reduction from
forty-five to twenty per cent, was just as much
as the article would bear. My triend from
Delaware [,\lr. Bayard] knows very well the
pertinacity with whicli that item was insisted
upon. If the Senator from California wishes
to have another conference 011 that point,
and to engage in debate upon it, let it go over.
Ol the general amendments ot the Senate, as
the Senator will see by looking at the report,
all but five were concurred 111; some of them
with modifications. Nearly every Senate
amendment was adopted. It the Senator can
hope to get a better report out of six stub-
born men I should like to have him try it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
204B.
The VICE PRESIDNT. That bill will be
regarded as before the Senate if no division
is demanded.
Mr. SHERMAN. What has become of
the conference report?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That ■ report
was presented by unanimous consent, subject
to a demand for the regular order. The Sen-
ator Irom Wisconsin rose and demanded the
regular order, which is now before the Senate.
The Senate is now acting, as the Senator from
Ohio is aware, by the unanimous consent
which was granted to the Committee on Claims.
The Chair had no power to interfere with that
unanimous consent, though it may embarrass
business, and the Senator from Wisconsin is
therefore entitled to the floor.
CAUSES OF BOILKR EXPJ.OSrONS.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to appeal to
the Senator from Wisconsin to allow me to
take up a bill and pass it which ought to be
passed immediately, and if he will tive me a
minute to state what the bill is and its object,
I do not think he or any other Senator will
object. If it gives rise to the slightest debate.,
1 shall not press it.
Mr. HOWE. I trust the Senator from New
Jersey will excuse me. He sees that 1 have
been compelled to interrupt the Senator from
Ohio in reference to a report of a conference
committee 011 the tariff Dill. When I could
not yield to the Senator from Ohio, 1 lhmk
the Senator from New Jersey will not insist
on my yielding to him.
Mr. STOCK:TON. I cannot insist, upon if,
but will the Senator let rne name the bill to
him I wish to call up, and if be objects to it \
will take my seal? The title of the bill is a
bill (S. -No. 999) to authorize inquiries into
the causes of steam-boiler explosions. In
two minutes I can tell him the great impoit
ance of the passage of the bill.
After the bursting of the boiler of the West-
field and other steamers certain tailroad com-
panies in my State appropriated a large amount
of money to make experiments, and experi-
ments were made at Sandy Hook by the kind
permission of the President, who gave the uie
of the Government grounds there for that pur-
pose. They have arrived just at this point,:
they have exploded seven boilers, and ex-
ploded every theory that has heretofore been
brought forward as to the cause of explosions
This is a much more important matter than
the steamboat bill. We simply ask that, the
Government shall institute further inquiries to
ascertain what is the cause of the bursting of '
boilers. The bill will go through without
objection in three minutes if the Senator will
let me bring it forward. It' not, it may not
pass this session.
Mr. HOWE. I should be very glad to
accommodate the Senator, but ! think he will
excuse me now.
The VICB PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin declines to yield.
TIIBODOItE ADAMS.
Mr. HOWE. I now move that the Senate
take up House bill No. 2040.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee, of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. K. No. 2040) for the
relief of Theodore Adams.
The committee reported the bill with an
amendment, so as to make it lead :
Be it enacted, &c.. That there be paid to Theodore
Adams, out of any money nor, otherwise appropii-
ated, the sum ot £39,;i42 5t>. in lull tor ail claim
against the (Jovernuiuit ol' the United Slates for the
construction of thirty-eight mortar-boats and eight
sceam-tuffs.
Mr. POMEROY. I am opposed to that
amendment and desire to vote against ir.
Mr. Will GH C. 1 am very well aware it
not infrequently occurs wirh reference to these
claims that they receive but vtry little atten-
tion as they are passing, and for a very few
moments, iu connect ion with this bill, 1 would
ciave the attention of the Senate and the
attention of Senators as well.
Mi. HOWE. Will my fuend allow ine to
make a suggestion?
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir,
Mr HOWE. i see he lisos to d< bate this
bill, and i therefore ask permission to pass the
bill by for the present and proceed with i&owe
other matters.
Mr. WRIGHT. Of course I defer to the
wishes of the chairman.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
