1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had, according to order* had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
1060) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses ot the
Government for the year ending J une 30, 1873,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
c. w. denton,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior in relation to the claim of 0-
W. Denton for depredations committed on
his property by Indians, from the year 1854 to
the year 1860; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to, be printed.
CHRISTOPSpt WEIDNKR.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in reference to the
claim of Christopher Weidner on account of
depredations committed on his property by
Kiowa Ind.ians in 1868 ; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
henry iiegmar.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter fronj the
Secretary of the Interior, in reference to the
claim of Henry Hegmer for depredations
committed on his property by Cheyenne
Indians in 1870; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
JOSEPH IIEWSLEY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in reference to the
claim of Joseph Hewijley on account of dep-
redations committed by Navajo Indiana in
1868; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims, ^nd ordered to be printed.
THOMAS HBTLIKRINGTOS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in reference to the
claim of Thomas Hetherington on account
of depredations committed on his property in
1867 by Cheyenne Indians; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
bicktoud and stanley.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous cop-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in reference to the
claim of Bickford & Stanley on, account of
depredations committed by Kiowa Indians in
1864 ; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
CUIITIS AND COL.1S.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous eon-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
claim of Curtis & Cole for depredations com-
mitted on their property by Cheyenne and
Kiowa Indians in 1864>; which was-referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
session of saturday.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that when the
House adjourns to-morrow, it be to meet on
Monday. But while making this motion I am
willing to allow an amendment which would
look to a session on Saturday for debate only.
If gentlemen want the session on Saturday
merely for debate I would not object to that
arrangement.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
that several gentlemen desire to speak on gen-
eral topics, and I will therefore move that the
session of Saturday be for debate only, as in
Committee of the Whole, no businesswhatever
to be transacted.
The motion of Mr. Garfieid, of Ohio, was
agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to. reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
Iftid on the table.
The latter motion, was agreed to.
columbia deaf and dumb institution.
The SPEAKER. Under the statute relative
to the Columbia Institution for the Deaf and
Dumb, the Speaker of the B[o«se O.t' Repre-
sentatives is required to appoint two visitor^.
TheChairnominatestiefolipwipg-" Mr,
L. Dawes of Massachusetts, and Mr. Jambs
Brooks of New York.
harbor of savannah, gborgia.
Mr. McINTYRE, by unanimous, consent,
offered the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to ;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, requested, at his earliest convenience, to
furnish this House with a eopy of the report of the
«ngineer of the Deportment in rotation to the sur-
vey of the harbor of Savannah, Georgia, ordered in
the Forty-First Congress, with a copy of report made
by the engineer in charge of aaiij survey to the
engineer's department.
Mr. McINTYRE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post office special agents.
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from Hon. J. A. J. Creswell,
Postmaster General, to Hon. W. H- Barry,
chairman of the Committee on Expenditures
in the Post Office Department, asking an ap-
propriation to pay additional special ^getjts
of the Post Office Department; which _ was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
aud ordered to be printed.
state of alabama.
Mr. BARRY also, by unanimous consent,
presented a joint memorial of the General
Assembly of the State of Alabama; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS.
Mr. L. MYERS, I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution for- reference:
Be it resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there
be printed four thousand copies of the annual report
of the Commissioner of Patents for 1871 for the use
of the Senate, ten thousand extra copies of the samo
for the use of the House, and fivo thousand extra
copies of the same for distribution by the Commis-
sioner of Patents.
Mr. RANDALL. I cannot agree to that.
The House has done away with the publication
of that report.
Mr. L. MYERS. The gentleman mistakes
the object of this resolution. This is, merely
for printing the brief report, of the Commis-
sioner.
Mr. RANDALL. I h^ve no objection to
that.
The resolution was introduced, and, under
the law, referred to the Committee on Print-
° HILLYER VS. M'lNTYRB.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. I rise to
a question of privilege. The Committee of
Elections, to whom was referred the claim of
Virgil Hillyer for expenses incurred in the
contested-election case of Hillyer tw. Mclntyre,
amounting to $375 87, have had' the same
under consideration, and unanimously recom-
mend the passage of the following resolution :
Resolved, That Virgil Hillyer be paid out of the
House contingent iund the sum of §37o 87 m full lor
expenses incurred in the contested-election cuse ol
Hillyer vs. Mclntyre.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Are the com-
mittee unanimous in that recommendation I
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsion. They
are.
Mr, COX.
I think we-had better have till
to-morrow to think over it, and I" therefore
wave that the House do bow adjourn.
The motion was agreed to: and accordingly
(at four o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc,
The following petitions, &c., were- presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees;
By Mr, BARBER: The petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying an act giving to : all
soldiers, siailors, and Baarin.es, who ealisted in
tke serylce of the United States for the sup-
pression of $ie, late rebellion, $8 33J per
mouth for the entire time served.
By Mr. BIGGS : The memorial of John
R. Price, Benjamin F. Allen, and some 100
others, vessel-owners, of Mai*e, Pennsylva-
nia, Massachusetts, and Delaware, praying the
improvement of the harbor sit Neiy Castle,
..Delaware.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of 58 citizens for an appropriation for Ashta-
bula harbor, on Lake Erie.
By Mr. IJALSEY: The remonstrance of
employ<j of Gregory & Co., o-f Jersey City, New
Jersey, against a change of the existing taritf
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
oountry. ' .
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of the heirs of Joseph Moody, deceased,
of Kennebunk, Maine, for payment of French
claims.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Utah: The petition
of Edwin D. Woolley and fsaac Grew, admin-
istrators of John M. Woolley, for protection
of their rights to tlmr road iu Little Cotton
Wood canon.
• By Mr. KELLEY: The remonstrance of the
woi iters in the Saucon iron-works and others,
c foeiis of Lower Saueon township, Pennsyl-
vania, against the abatement or abolition of
duties upon such articles as are produced in
this country.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Ban-
dal Browne and Lucy Smith, citizens of Nash-
ville, Tennessee, prayiug compensation for
property captured by the rebels wbilu it was
iu the use of the United States.
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of B. C.
Eberly and: ^00- others, citizens of Oberlin,
Ohio, asking Congress to grant ene quarter
section, of land to every honorably discharged
sailor and soldier, without requiring, actual
residence.
By Mr. PEJJRY, of Ohio: The petition of
Henry Boremajn and 250 others, Union soldiers
in the late war, prayingan act giving all soldiers,
sailors,, and marines an- amount per month
therein mentioned, and an amendment of the
act of July 15, 1870, allowing the entry of land
therein provided without actual settlemeutand
cultivation.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Ellen
Burns, widow of Dame! Burns, late a, private
iu company K, sixth Pennsylvania cavalry,
asking relief.
By Mr. ROGERS: Two remonstrances from
iron worker.! in the sixteenth congressional
district of New York, against any change of
the existing taritf la.ws abating or abolishing
duties upon such articles as .are successfully
produced in this country, and praying the
repeal of all duties, upon tea, coffee, and the
necessaries of life not produced in the United
States.
By Air. SLOSS: The petition of citizens of
Morgan county, Alabama, asking that Samuel
Ilomines be permitted to sell goods, wares,
liquors, and merchandise in that coanty with-
out paying the United States internal revenue
tax.
By Mr. STO WELL: The petition of Samuel
G. Sheffield, H. .B. Burnett, W. D. Brengle,
and 55 others, citizens of Henry county, Yir-
