1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1501
pie of this country than those of almost any
other Department. The titles to land through-
out a very great part of this nation depend
upon the proper management of that depart-
ment, and there is nothing more important
than that its records shall be kept in such a
way as that they can be readily referred to
and that mistakes shall not occur.
If it be true that for nearly forty years we
have had such a statute as has been referred
to, and the indexes required by it have not
been kept, then it is time they were kept, and
if it requires a hundred instead of forty clerks,
let us vote them. I tell you that the people
want their titles cared for and kept in such a
way that there shall not be confusion and that
litigation maybe avoided.
I repeat, sir, that I take pleasure here in
bearing my testimony in favor of the fidelity
of this officer. I say again that I am sure
this recommendation would not have been
made if he did not believe it to be necessary.
I believe it to be necessary from my informa-
tion in connection with that office, aside from
what has been stated here. That information
has been confirmed by what has been stated
here, and I trust the Senate will not hesitate
iu voting in favor of this recommendation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask
the Senator from Iowa a question. What
possible benefit to anybody on earth is it to
make an index of all land patents? Are there
not plats that are accessible at any time by
which you can ascertain in a moment the
lands that have been disposed of? And what
good result is to come from an index in refer-
ence to these patents, when you can turn
directly to them without any index?
Mr. WRIGHT. I can explain my views on
that. If that suggestion is worth anything, it
would be an argument against indexing the
records in the counties of the several States.
Why do you want an index? To enable you
the more readily to refer to a record. You go
to a county where they have indexed the deeds
recorded. You can turn to the record and
find the deed; and what is the necessity for
an index? You want an index to enable you
to refer to the records more readily than yon
possibly could if you did not have an index.
Now, a word in reference to this matter of
indexes. I do not know that the Senator has
had that experience, but I am sure I have had
and others on this floor have had the same
experience. You go there for the purpose
of finding a patent, and it will be days and
weeks before you are able to find the patent
or a reference to it, because of the want of this
index. Not only so, but that question has
been settled by law; the law has provided
that there shall be an index; Congress has
determined heretofore that it was necessary.
We are, therefore, concluded on that subject.
Repeal that law if you think an index un-
necessary ; but if the law provides that you
shall have an index, why not comply with the
law?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a question what
the index is. I think they have all the indexes
at the Land Office now that there is any neces-
sity for. There is not one patent in a thou-
sand that anybody wants to hunt for. The
patents are issued and sent to the parties, and
axo recorded in the counties where the land
lies.
Mr. WRIGHT. Oh, no.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are in ray State,
I know, frequently recorded, and if they are
not recorded you can send and get a Copy at
any time from the books of the Land Office.
I do not know what benefit is to arise from the
kind of index that is proposed. There is an
index already in the Land Office made up of
the plats, and in the different States in the
different land offices. I never had the least
trouble, and I have had occasion perhaps half
a dozen times in my life to inquire after
patents.
I have never gone to the Land Office my-
self, or very seldom indeed, or to any of the
Departments, to obtain information person-
ally. Of course, it would take some time to
go and look up a patent whether you had an
index or not; but whenever I have had occa-
sion to obtaiu information of that kind, I have
addressed a note to the department and have
always received an answer, and I never expe-
rienced any considerable delay in it. The pat-
ents are arranged chronologically, and with
reference to certain ranges and meridian lines.
These patents are not all thrown into "pi."
There is no such difficulty as is supposed; at
least I have never experienced any such. Be-
sides, we have been selling off the public lands.
My State was composed almost entirely of pub-
lic lands ; so was Ohio: so was Indiana; and
this is a new discovery in the year 1872, that
forty clerks must be put into the Land Office
to make indexes.
Mr. COLE. I would remind the Senator
that the number of these patents is thirty two
hundred thousand. An index containing that
number of names would be as difficult to get
through as the records themselves.
Mr. WRIGHT. If that argument be sound,
we should not have any index in any county
or in any place in this nation, because it
might be a large index. That argument
proves entirely too much. We know that it
often occurs that these patents are lost. It
may be that iu some instances they are re-
corded, as the Senator from Illinois suggests,
and so it occurs in some instances in my own
State; but I venture to say that a majority of
the patents issued are not recorded in any of
the counties. They are lost frequently ; then
you want copies; you want to refer to the
Department records here for the purpose of
supplying proof; and it is frequently so in the
most important cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Iowa mean to say that there is the least diffi-
culty in the world in obtaining a copy of a
patent now under the present system ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I say you can obtain a copy,
but I say that the records ought to be kept in
such a way that they can be readily referred
to. I say also that if that law means anything
it provides for making these indexes. The
law was alluded to by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia just now. That is not all. The Sen-
ator from Illinois assumes that that is all the
necessity that exists for these clerks. It has
been shown already by the Senator from Kan-
sas that there are other reasons given iu this
report. This is only one item.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall vote against
the increase of the clerical force of the Land
Office, and I wish to state briefly my reasons
for that vote.
The Secretary of the Interior is, no doubt,
honest in his belief that the business of tho
Land Office in his Department requires this
additional force ; but the question is, how is it
to be paid? It is to be paid out of the public
Treasury. How is that Treasury supplied?
By taxation on the people of this country. We
have been promising the people of this coun-
try that we would reduce taxation ; and
throughout the whole length and breadth of
this land they are importuning Congress for
some relief against the onerous taxes now
oppressing them. Unless we take some steps
to curtail the expenses of this Government,
which now amount to about four hundred mil-
lion dollars a year, (including interest on the
public debt,) the people of this country are to
continue to be taxed most oppressively. I
think here is the very place to test this ques-
tion. We ought not to begin to increase the
expenses of the Government by increasing the
clerical force of any of the Departments unless
there 'be an absolute necessity for it; and yet
the Secretary of the Interior does not tell you
that he cannot get along as he has been able
to get along heretofore with the present force.
It is only to enable him to have his Department;
in better condition than he thinks it is at
present.
Therefore, sir, because the people of this
country are to be taxed to pay this $48,000, I
shall give my vote against it. I think the peo-
ple are sufficiently taxed. We cannot reduce
taxation if we increase the clerkships in the
various Departments.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not rise to discuss
this proposition, but only to correct an error
that has been made by the Senator from Del-
aware, a trifling one to be sure, in regard to
the expenses of the Government. He has put
them $120,000,000 too high. The expenses
of the Government all told are about two
hundred and eighty million dollars, including
interest on the public debt.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I think
the debate which has taken place on this meas-
ure shows that those who have opposed this
amendment are right. Ithas been thirty-seven
years since the law was passed requiring in-
dexes of these patents. The failure to provide
a clerical force for that purpose before shows
that there is no great necessity for it. If the
public or private interests of this country were
suffering, can it be supposed that the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office would not
have made an estimate for this additional force
in all this intervening period? The very fact
that the Secretary of the Interior and his sub-
ordinate. the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, failed to make any estimate for
these additional clerks, is prima facie proof
that no great injury is being done for want of
them ; and if we have waited thirty-seven
years for these indexes, and no estimate has
been made for this additional force to compile
them, why is it that all this work should be
done in one year? I have heard no reason.
A word now in regard to the argument of
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Alcorn.]
I have great respect for the estimates of the
various Secretaries; but I do not consider
that we are absolutely bound to follow them.
Prima facie they are right. The Secretary
of the Interior is my personal friend, and I
entertain the highest respect for him; but he
relies on his subordinates; and I do not think
we have any necessity for committees if the
recommendations of subordinate officials are
to be binding upon us. Besides, I think it is
the duiy of the committee to see whether this
labor might not be supplied from other De-
partments. Here is the Comptroller of the
Currency. Greatly increased labor has been
thrown on him not only by the mutilation of
the paper currency, but by the increase of the
national banks; but upon investigation we
found that this increased labor had been per-
formed by taking other clerks in the Depart-
ment at periods when they were not employed
to supply this want.
It is certainly no disrespect to a Secretary
when a committee attempt to see whether
tbey cannot reach what he desires without an
increased appropriation from the Treasury.
Without meaning any disrespect to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, I do think, as we have
waited thirty-seven years, so far as these in-
dexes go, there is no great public necessity
for expending at least thirty or forty thousand
dollars additional in order to have them done
in one year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have now
consumed nearly two hours on this single
amendment. I think it is important that we
should, if possible, get through with this ap-
propriation bill to-day; and for the purpose
of testing the question I move to lay the
amendment on the table. If it is not laid on
the table, of course there is a majority for it.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to raise a point
of order. The question now is on concurring
in the Senate in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole. Now, I wish to
ask the Chair whether, on the question of coil-
