1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2397
dealing with any printed bill. The committee
voted to strike out the $50,000.
Mr. SARGENT. That is very true, sir; I
admit that, end I withdraw my point.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose this is stricken
out, then what will the next vote be upon ?■
The SPEAKER. Directly upon the amend-
ment moved by the gentleman from California.
Mr. MAYNARD. And that amendment
will be divisible into two branches ?
The SPEAKER. It will be so divisible, as
it contains two distinct substantive proposi-
tions. There is no possible advantage to
either side of the question in the way the
amendment is voted upon.
Mr. SARGENT. Suppose the House con-
curs in the amendment of the Committee of
the Whole to amend the amendment of the
Senate by striking out the words "and in
newspapers, $50,000," as a portion of my
amendment is to insert those words, will not
a point of order be raised upon my amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. Not at all, because the
gentleman's proposition is to insert other
words, with the words "and in newspapers,
$50,000."
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of the Committee of the Whole to the
amendment of the Senate, and it was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill.
The question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Sargent to the amendment of
the Senate as amended, to make the Senate
amendment read as follows:
And in newspapers, $50,000: Provided, That after
the publication of the laws and treaties of the
pre?ent Congress the publication of laws and trea-
ties in newspapers shall cease.
Mr- BUTLER, of Massachusetts, I call for
a separate vote on that part of the amendment
providing $50,000 for publication of laws in
newspapers.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The House has just voted to strike out
the appropriation of $50,000 for newspapers.
Is it in order to insert those words a?ain?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] moves to insert other
words also, and the House has a right to a
division of his amendment, containing, as it
does, two substantive propositions.
The question was then taken on the first
clause of the amendment, to insert the words
"and in newspapers, $50,000and upon a
division there were—ayes 86, noes 78.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLM AN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and there
were—yeas 107, nays 85, not voting 48; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Banks. Barry, Beveridgre,
Bigby, Bingham, Boles, George M. Biooks, Buck-
Icy, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roder-
ick R. Butler, William!. Clark, freeman Clarke,.
Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Darrall,
Dawes, De Large, Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott,
Fai well, Charles Foster. Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Goodrich, Hale, George E. Harris, Havens. Hays,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar,
Hooper. Ketley, Kellogg, Kendall, Lamport, Lower
Maynard, McCrary. McGrew, MeJunkin, Melvee,
Mercur, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morey. Mor-
pins, Leonard Myers, iN'egley, Orr, Packard, Packer,
Pi liner Isaac C. Pinker, Peck. Pendleton, Perce,.
A-iron F. Perry, Peteis, Poland. Prindie, Ilainey,
Ellis II. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer,Seoley, Ses-
sions. Shanks, Sheldon, H. Boardtnan amitb, John
k. . * i .. it —J  TV* iv,   T Cnnav V  \^.l <*l, O
face,"'Wheeler. "Whiteiey, Willard, Williams of.
Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Beatty, Beck, Bell, Bird, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks, Burchard, Carroll, Comingo, Conner, Critch-
er, Crossland, Davis, Donnan, Box, Du Bose, Duke,
Eldredge, Ely, Finkelnburg, Forker, Henry D.
Foster, Garfield, Garrett Golladay, Griffith, Hal-
detnan, Hambleton, .Hancock, Handley, Hanks,
Harper, John T. Harris, Hay, Hereford, Herndon,
Hibbard, Eolman, Kerr, King, Lamison, Leach,
Lewis, Marshall, McClelland, McCormiek. Me-
Henry, Melntyre, Merrick, Benjamin F. Mevers,
Morgan, Hosea W. Parker, Eli Perry, Potter, Ran-
dall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, William R.
Roberta, Rogers, Scofield, Sherwood, Shober, Slater,
Slocum, Stevens, Storm, Swann. Terry. Tuthill, Van
Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Warren, Wells, Whit-
thorne, Williams of New York, Winchester, Wood,
and Young—85.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Averill, Barber,
Barnum, Biggs, Austin Blair, James G. Blair. Cald-
well, Campbell, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Crocker, Dickey,
Earnsworth, Getz, Halsey, Harmer, Hawley, Hough-
ton, Ketcham. Killinger, Kinsella, Lansing. Lynch,
Manson, McKinney, McNeely, Mitchell, Niblaek,
Piatt, Porter, Price, John M. Rice. Robinson, Roose-
velt, Shellabarger, Shoemaker. Sloss, Worthington
C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Stevenson, St. John,
Sutherland, Taife, Dwight Townsend, Waddell, and
Walls—48.
So the first clause of the amendment was
agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LEACH said: I desire to state that
Mr. Waddell, my colleague, has been detained
from the House for several days by indispo-
sition.
The question recurred upon the last clause
of the amendment of Mr. Sargent,
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to vote against
this portion of the amendment of the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Sargent,] as well
as that portion of the amendment of the Sen-
ate which has not yet been acted upon.
The SPEAKER. Should the amendment
of the gentleman from California be agreed to,
the next question will be upon the amendment
of the Senate as amended.
Mr. MAYNARD. On the other hand, if
we should refuse to adopt the amendment of
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,]
what would be the result?
The SPEAKER. There could be no sepa-
rate vote on the Senate proviso; it would have
to be voted on as a whole.
Mr. SARGENT. The motion I made was
to concur in the Senate amendment with an
amendment. The question on that proposition
was submitted, when a division of the question
was asked; and the question is now being
separately taken on agreeing to one part of the
amendment. There is only one further vote
necessary, as I understand, which will be on
agreeing to the amendment to the last part of
the amendment.
The SPEAKER. In the present position
of the question the amendment cannot be in-
telligently voted on except as a substitute.
The gentleman from California moves a sub-
stitute for the Senate proviso. Should the
House insert, this substitute, then the question
will arise, will the House agree to the proviso?
The Clerk will read the proviso of the gentle-
man from California.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That after the publication of the laws
and treaties of the present Congress, the publication
of the laws and treaties in newspapers shail cease.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
inserting the language just read in lieu of
the Senate proviso.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on
agreeing to the proviso as amended on motion
of the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On that
question I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 87, nays 94, not voting
59; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Aiabler, Archer, Arthur,
Beatty, Beck, Bingham, Bird, Braxton, James
Brooks, Carroll, Conner, Critcher, Crossland, Davis,
Dawes, Dox, Du Bose, Duke, Eldredge, Ely, Fink-
elnburg, Forker, Garfield, Garrett, Griffith. Haide-
man, Hale, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks,
Harper, John T. Harris, Hereford, Herndon, Hib-
bard, Holman, Kerr, King, Lamison, Leach, Lewis,
Manson, Marshall, McClelland, MeCormick, Mc~
Henry, Melntyre, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Moore, Morgan, Hosea W. Parker, Aaron F. Perry,
Eli Perry, Peters, Poland, Potter. Randall, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Rogers, Sargent, Scofield, Sherwood, Slater, Slocum,
John A. Smith, Steven?, Storm, Sutherland, Swann,
Terry, Upson, Van Trump, Yaughan, Warren, Wells,
Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of New York. Win-
chester, Wood, and Young—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Banks, Barry. Bell, Bev-
endee, Bigby, Boles, George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burdett, Beujamm F. Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, William T. Clark, Coourn, Coghlan, Con-
ger, Cotton, Darrall, De Large, Duel!, Bunnell,
Eames, Elliott, Farwell, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Goodrich, George E. Harris, Havens, Hays, Gerry
W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoat. Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Lamport,
Lansing, Lowe, Lyncb, Maynard, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, MeJunkin, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe, Morey,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Prindie,
liainey. Rusk, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, H. Boardman Smith, Snapp, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Sr.oughton, Stowell,
Strong, bypher, Taffe, Thomas, Wasmngcon Town-
send, Turner, Twichell, Tyner, Wakcman, Walden,
Waldron, Wallace, Wheeler, Whiteiey, Williams of
Indiana, Jeremiah M.Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—94.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Averill, Barber,
Barnum, Biggs, Austin Blair, Jauies G. Blair, Bright,
Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Crocker, Dickey,
Donnan, Farnsworth, Charles Foster, Henry D.
Foster, Getz, Golladay, Halsey, Harmer, Hawley,
Hay, Ketcham, Killinger, Kinsella, MuKee, Mc-
Kinney, McNeely, Mitchell, Niblaek, Isaac C. Par-
ker, Piatt, Porter, Price, John M. Ilice, Ellis H.
Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Shellabarger, Shober,
Shoemaker, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder,
R.Milton Speer, Stevenson, St. John, Dwight Town-
send, Tuthill, Voorhees, Waddell, and Walls—-59.
So the proviso proposed by Mr. Sargent
was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. DONNAN said: On this question I am
paired with* the gentleman from Mississippi,
Mr. McKee. If he were present he would
vote "no," and I should vote "ay.n
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon agreeing to the Senate amendment as
amended.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let it be read.
The SPEAKER. All that the action of the
House has left of the Senate amendment to be
voted on is 4'and in newspapers $50,000."
This question is simply on an appropriation of
$50,000 for the publication of the laws in
newspapers.
Mr. RANDALL. I .call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and itwas decided
in the affirmative—yeas 1U0, nays 77, not
voting 03 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry, Bell.Bcver-
idge, Bigby, Bingham, Boles, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamm F. Builer,
William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke. Cobb, Coburn,
Cognlan, Conger, Cotton, Darrall, Duell, Dauneil,
Eames, Elliott, Farwell, Cnarles Foster, Wilder D.
F\)f ter, Frye, Goodrich, George E. Harris, Havens,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John \V. Hazelton, Hill,
Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kuilej, Kellogg, Ken-
dall, Lampoit, Lansing. Lowe, Lynch. Maynard,
McOraiy, McGrew, MeJunkin, Mereur, Merriam,
Monroe, Mooie, Morey, Morphis, Leonard M>en>,
Negley, Orr, Packard, PacKer, Palmer, Peek, Pen-
dleton, Perce, Prindie, Ramcy, Ellis II. Rooerts,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley, Ses-ions, bhariks
OS.UU«ilLUU, kJlUWCil) uuw o  , , "n 
Warning ton Townsend, Turner, 1 wictiell. lyner,
W a fee ma n, Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Wheeler,
Whiteiey, Williams of Indiana. Jeremiah M. U il-
son. and John T. Wilson—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arthur, Leatty,
, T-. _. _ r......... n.,.vi1! i _
Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton. Ham;o,>k, llanuley,
Hanks, Harper. John X. Harris, Hay, Hereford,
Heriidon, Hibbard, lloiman. Kerr. lung, baciison,
Leaeii, Lewis, Manson, Maisijail. AlcCieiland, irlc-
Oormiek, ileJIem-y, JleHifyre, Merrick. Benjamin
F Meyers. Moigan, Hosea W. Parker, Aaron 1'.
ferry, Kli Perry, Poland. Potter, Randall, Read,
Edward Y. Ilice, William R. Roberts, Rogers, Seo-
