,106
THE 0(MGKESSK>KAL GLOBE.
January 26,
giniai.antf manufacturers of tobacco, asking a
uniform rate of t ax on all manufactured tabaeco
4x sifcteen cents per.ponnd. ■ -v
t sAls®,. the petation of William Crompton,
German Pace, E. W. Barksdale, Pi-B.Gravely,
J. H. Pedigo, and 180 others, citizens of Dan-
ville and vicinity, Virginia, and manufacturers'
of tobacco, asking a uniform rate of tax on
allrri anu fae t a r e<3 tobacco ati sixteen ccnts'per
peurid. :!■■■■-'>■ ■ ■ ■■ ■ '<
By Mr. SWANN:,The petition of Wash-
ingtonFrisbee, of Maryland, praying an invalid
pension. • ...
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Lewis W.
Jones and 8& others, workers in" the Late
Shore rolling-mill, of Cleveland, Ohio, against
a change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are suc-
cessfully produced in (his country, and for the
repeal of all duties on tea and coffee.
Also, the petition' of E. E. Clayvp rihd 43
others, worker^ in the foundery of Fettingill,
Glass & Co., pf Cleveland, Ohio, upon the
same subject. •   
POST-ROUTE HILLS INTRODUCED.
The following were introduced and referred
to ihe. Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads;
iBy, Mr. SL.0SS: A bill to. establish a post
.route from Tuscumbia. by the store of James
Saint., to Newberg, Alabama.
By Mr. WILSON, of Indiana: A bill to
establish a post route from Bethel, Wayne
county, Indiana, to Holansburg, in Darke
county, Ohio. i
IN SENATE.
Fhiday, January 26, 1872.
J?rja.ypr by the Chaplain, liev. J. P. Newman,
D. D,
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
KXKCUTIVJi COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with t he acts of July 11,
1870, and March 8,1871, coniesofthe examina-
tion and survey of different harbors; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ovdbreri to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in compli-
ance with the act of April 21,1808, a statement
of contracts made during 1871 by the various
bureaus of the War Department.; which was
relerred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Treasurer of the United States, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the act of September
2, 1789, quarterly accounts of the receipts and
expenditures of the United States for the fiscal
year ending June SO, 1870; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
INTERNATIONAL UXClIANfl ES.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a com-
munication from the Parliament of Brazil,
transmitting a copy of their proceedings; which
was referred to the Committee on the Library.
UltUDKNTIALS.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the credentials of
Hon.-William B. Allison, chosen by the Legis-
lature of the State of Iowa a Senator from that
State for the term commencing March 4, 1873 ,-
which were read and ordered to be filed.
PKXrriONS AND MEMORIALS.
I he VICE PRESIDENT presented reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Georgia in favor
of the removal of political disabilities ; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition', of -citizens of
Wisconsin,, late soldiers of tho Army,, praying
that soldiers, sailors, and marines who -seryea
in the late war and Were honorably dischtti^ed
may be allowed $8 33J per month, deducting
the bounty heretofore received which was
referred to the Committee oil Military Affairs.
■ Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of col-
ored citizens of Altoona, Pennsylvania-,- piray-
ing Congress tlo speedily pass the supplement-
ary civil rights bill j which was ordered to lie
t qn, the table. •
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AN  REl'ERKED.
' Oti motion of Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut,
rt was
Ordered, That th,o petition and papers of Eliza
Whitmg be withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Commifctee.on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. SCHURZ, it was
Ordered. Tliat R. H. Brown have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from tho files of the
Senate. • •
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,
it was ' ' ', 1
Ordered, That Simeon Farnsworfch have leave to
withdraw bis petition and papers from the flies of
the Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Gommittee on
t.hePistrict of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S No. 500) granting two million
.ftprea of public lands to the Districtof Colum-
bia for educational purposes, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the hill (H. R. No. 870) to fund
■the debt of the city of Washington," existing
June 1, 1871, reported it without amendment.
Mr. ICELLY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 383) to authorize the con-
struction ofa-bridge across the Missouri river
at or near St. Joseph, Missouri, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. WIN DOM, from the Committee on
Patents, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 476) for the extension of letters.patent
to Alexander Smith and Halcyon Skinner,
reported it without amendment, and submit-
ted a report thereon; which was ordeied to
be printed.
POSTAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am requested by the
Committee on Printing to offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present consid-
eration :
Iheolvid, That one thousand copies of Senate bill
No. Sll, an-d of tho accompanying report No. 20, be
printed in pamphlet form for the uso of tlie Sonate.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CALDWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 638) for the relief of Alfred D. Picrje,
postmaster at Somerville, Ottawa- county,
Kansas; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. MORION asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 539) authorizing the construction of a
railroad bridge across the Ohio river at or near
Evansvilie, in the State of Indiana ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee oil Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No
540) granting a pension to Eliza Bates; which
was read twice by its title, and with the ac-
companying papers referred to the Committee
on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 6-11) for the relief of Samuel A.
Wilkins ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CARPENTER. I introduce this bill
by the request of this person interested, know-
ing nothing of the saerits of the case, and in
'fto way- pledged to support the bill by intro-
ducing it: I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and that itbe printed.
The motion was agreed to.
. ohdkil of rustness.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the morning business
is through, I desire to move to take up a bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Senate resolutions are
in order.
Mr. MORTON. Have Senate resolutions
been called for? '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is now calling for them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 2. introduced by the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Fextok,] in regard to the
collection of customs, I should like to have
the amendments acted npou. I do not think
there will be serious objection to the amend-
ments. I desire to make progress with the
bill.
Mr. MORTON. • I inquire whether a Senate
resolution that lias been under consideration,
and went over on account of the expiratioji of
the morning hour, may not be considered as
morning bufiness beforeabil! can be called up?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Notaccord-
lug to the practice of the Senate. There is no
unfinished business in the morning hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the circumstances,
I will give way to the Senator from Indiana,
although I think it iss a waste of time to call u.p
now the resolution' he wishes to have acted
upon. ' •
Mr. WRIGHT. I asi the Senate to give
way for a moment. A local bill is on the Calen-
dar for a post route, that has been on the-Cal-
endar since April last,-to which I think there
will be no objection. It is House bill No. 434,
to establish certain post roads in the State of
Iowa. Tt was reported several months ago,
and I supposed it had passed until yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from I ndiana yield ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I am sure there will be no
objection to this bill; it is a local bill that
came from the House of Representatives last
spring and was reported favorably by the com-
mittee, and it is a matter of importance to
have it passed as soon as possible.
Mr. MORTON. I would yield with pleasure
to the Senator from Iowa, but that I have just
insisted on my motion against the Senator
frotn Ohio. If I yield at all, I should have to
yield to the Senator from Ohio.
Mr._ WRIGHT. I ask the Senator from
Ohio if he has any objection to my calling up
this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not make any objec-
tion to it.
Mr. MORTON. Will not the Senator let
that pass over until I get through with the
motion I have made? Perhaps he will have
time then.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the motion of the
Senator?
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to leave the Cham-
ber in a very few minutes on some business,
and would be very glad to get this bill through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana yield to the Senator
from Iowa?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
post routes in iowa.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then, I move to take up
House bill No. 434.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 434) to establish
certain post routes in the State of Indiana. It
establishes, as post routes, from Franklin, in
Winnesheek_ county, State of Iowa, to Wash-
ington Prairie, in the same county; also, from
Waukon, in Allamakee county, State of Iowa,
