1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
curring in an amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, in the Senate, that amend-
ment can be laid on the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read the rule which answers the question of
the Senator from Kansas. It is the last clause
of the thirtieth rale:
"Any pending amendment to a general appropria-
tion bill may be laid on the table without affecting
the bill."
This is certainly a " pending amendment,"
or it could not be debated.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment has been
adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and the question now comes
on concurring in it in the Senate, and to it
the Senator from Maryland has offered a sub-
stitute. He moved to strike out and insert.
A better parliamentary phrase would be to
move it as a substitute for the amendment
reported to the Senate from the Committee of
the Whole. The Senator from Vermont now
moves to lay the amendment and the substi-
tute on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Chair is right.
I merely want a vote on the question.
Mr. STEVENSON, and Mr. DAVIS of West
Virginia, called for the yeas and nays, and they
were ordered ; and being taken, resulted—yeas
28, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Cameron,
Casserly. Cole, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Johnston, Kelly, Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood, Pratt, Saulsbury. Sawyer, Schurz, Seott.
Stevenson, Stockton,Trumbull, Vickers, West, and
Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Clayton. Conkling, Corbett. Perry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Howe, Logan, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey,
Rice, Robertson, Spencer, Tipton, Windom, and
Wright—26.
ABSENT—Messrs.Anthony. Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of
Conuceticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, and Thur-
man—19.
So the amendment was laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next excepted amendment.
Mr. COLE. On page 32 an amendment was
proposed by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Spencer, ] to add $1,500 to the salary of the
postmaster at Tucson, Arizona. He was and
is under the law required to perform the duties
of depositary of public moneys at that place.
We have a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury on the subject, and I move that
amendment. I believe the Clerk has a copy
of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Was this
amendment reported from the Committee of
the Whole, or is it now moved ?
Mr. COLE. It was not acted on in Com-
mittee of the Whole, but we have received a
communication from the Department on the
subject since.
Mr. POMEROY. The first business is to
concur in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole which have been excepted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true.
Mr. POMEROY. We have not got through
with those excepted amendments, and the
Senator now proposes a new one. I move to
lay the amendment on the table.
Air. COLE. I withdraw it for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California withdraws the amendment until the
reserved amendments have been acted on,
which have priority.
Mr. COLE. I do not remember any others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was one
on page 02, reserved by the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Carpenter.]
Mr. COLE. Then I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin to withhold that amendment until I
can move som& pro forma amendments to the
bill and then he can proceed with that without
any interruption. 1 move on page 32 
Mr. POMEROY. I object to any amend-
ments being offered until they are offered in
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
finds on the list of reserved amendments two
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scott,] one on page 17 and another on
page 21.
Mr. COLE. They are but one amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. I will state why I reserved
that amendment as it has connection, as the
chairman has stated, with one in a subsequent
part of the bill. It will be recollected that
when the question of the compensation of the
Register of the Treasury was up, as provided
for by the House bill, this amendment was
suggested as a means of providing that com-
pensation for him. It turns out, however,
that this general fund has been one placed at
the discretionary power of the Secretary of the
Treasury for a number of years, and that he
has allotted it as he deemed just to certain
clerks in his own office. He feels that he can-
not disturb that allotment, although the discre-
tion is here given him to do so ; so that if this
amendment is permitted to stand, it will only
increase his. embarrassment and not accom-
plish the purpose for which it was intended. I
therefore reserved it so that there might be no
embarrassment to the Secretax'y of the Treas-
ury, and that the other matter of the compen-
sation of the Register of the Treasury, after
what has occurred, might be disposed of with-
out further debate. I do not propose to take
up the time of the Senate about it. I think,
however, it is due to the Secretary of the
Treasury that he should not be embarrassed
by this amendment which would bring upon
him applications from all the bureaus in his
Department for what has heretofo/e been
considered a settled usage in reference to
certain officers in his own office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the Secretary of
the Treasury, whom I am glad to count among
the most valuable of our public officers, is
bound to take the same responsibilities in the
Government as the rest of us are, and as long
as he is willing to have this excrescence (for
it is an excrescence) at his discretion to pay
people in his office, he ought to take the same
responsibility to pay people out of it in his
Department, because this subdivision in the
Treasury Department of one office from an-
other is a mere matter of form. Therefore,
I propose that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall take the just responsibility that belongs
to our giving him such a fund at all. We have
reduced it, as I said before, from $300,000 to
$22,500; but as long as it remains at all, he
must take the responsibility and not we.
Therefore, I hope we shall concur in the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SCOTT. I only deemed it due to bring
this fact to the notice of the Senate. I do not
propose to urge it any further. .
Mr. EDMONDS. Ido not complain at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. During the
pendency of the bill as in Committee of the
Whole, the appropriation on page 17, line
three hundred ninety-five, to the Secretary of
the Treasury " for additional clerks and addi-
tional compensation to clerks in his office,
$22,500," was amended so that, without in-
creasing the amount, the Register of the Treas-
ury should be included in it. The Chair does
not remember the formal words. The ques-
tion is on concurring in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment on pages 21 and 22, striking out the
proviso in regard to the Register of the Treas-
ury, will be regarded as concurred in, under
the vote just taken.
The only remaining excepted amendment
is the one excepted by the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Carpenter. ]
Mr. COLE. If the Senator from Kansas
insists upon our going on in precise order, of
course I shall have to submit to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to anything out.
of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, on page 62.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was on page 62, after line fifteen hundred and
twenty-one, to insert:
To enable the President of the United States to
perfect and put in force such rules regulating the
civil service as may from time to time be adopted by
him, $50,000.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is it in order to move
to strike out that amendment and insert other
matter in place of it?
Mr. COLE. The first question, I suppose,
will be on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is it in order to move
to strike out that amendment and insert ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly, to
insert a substitute.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then I move to insert
as a substitute for that amendment:
That all laws or parts of laws under which the
present civil service commission is appointed by
the President of the United States be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that amendment I
ask for the yeas and nays to begin with.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in order to move
to lay the substitute of the Senator from Wis-
consin on the table, by itself?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We decided last year, I
think, that that could be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the Senator could move to lay the amendment
to the amendment on the table for this reason:
the rule states that '|any pending amendment
to an appropriation bill may belaid on the table
without affecting the bill." The question is,
what is an amendment ? The Manual speaks
repeatedly—the Chair need not quote it, be-
cause it is familiar to all Senators—of amend-
ments in the first degree and amendments in
the second degree, and prohibits amendments
in the third degree. Consequently, an amend-
ment to an amendment is, in parliamentary
language, an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to lay it
on the table.
Mr. CARPENTER. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to make an inquiry.
While it is in order to make that motion, wilt
its effect be to carry the amendment which was
adopted in committee on the table, as well as
the substitute?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Oh, no; only
itself. This is under a new rule expressly
adopted, by which any amendment to an ap-
propriation bill can be laid on the table with-
out affecting anything else.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my amendment
should be laid on the table the question will
then recur, I suppose, on concurring in the
amendment appropriating $50,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Buckingham, Casserly,Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Davis of West Virginia, lidmunds, Flanagan, Fre-
linghuysen, Goldthwaite, Harlan, Hill, Johnston.
Kelly, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Schurz, Scott,
Sherman, Stevenson, Stockton, Trumbull, Vickers,
Wilson, and Wright—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn,Blair, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cooper, Hamilton of
Texas, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Logan, Osborn, Pom-
eroy, Pool, Ramsey, Bice, Saulsbury, Tipton, West,
and Windom—21.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brownlow, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
lin, Howe. Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nor-
wood, Nye, Patterson, Robertson, Sawyer, Spencer,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, and Thurman—23.
So the substitute was laid on the table.
