&10O
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juno 3,
jrom Wisconsin asks that this bill be passed
over,
Mr. SCOTT. I hope it will be called up
again during the evening,
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. PGMEROY. If we $re going to pass
over this bill for the night, I shall desire to
'object to'all these bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
State that when an evening is given to a com-
mittee for private bills if, has been the custom
to allow the chairman, if a bill gave rise to
debate, to pass it over temporarily, so that the
unobjected bills may be disposed of. If there
be no objection, this bill will be passed over
for the present.
D. C. FARRKIX.
Mr. HOWE. X move to take up House
bill No. 1942.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
agin Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. II, No. 1942) for the
relief of D. C. Piirrell, of Peoiia, Illinois.
The preamble recites that it is alleged that
the distillery, together with distillery bonded
warehouse No. 0. of I). 0. Farrell, in the fifth
collection district of Illinois, were destroyed
by fire on the 27th of duly, 1870, without any
neglect, fault, fraud, or evil practice on the
part of Farrell, lits agents, of employ6s, mid
that in the warehouse ami by the tire were de-
stroyed, before they had been sold or removed
from tlu> promises where they had been manu-
factured, iwo thousand barrels of high wines
or distilled spirits, and upon which the tax per
gallon had not been paid. The bill therefore
miilioiizes the Oomuilssionei of Intern,il Rev
emie to inquire inio, and determine ihe amount,
of high wines or distilled spirits contained in
the warehouse of D, U. Fundi, on the 27th
of July, 1870, and which were destroyed on
that day by lire; and the Commissioner is
authorized to abate and remit, the direct tax
of iitiy cents per gallon due and unpaid upon
all such distilled spirits or high wines as he
shall find weto destroyed by the lire on that
day. except so far as the owner inuy be indem-
nified against the tax by a valid claim for
insurance.
The bill whs reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third lime, and passed.
CltAIli.HS uil l>.
Mr. IIOWU. I now move to take up House
bill No. 1202.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. It. No. 1202) tor the re-
lief of Clurles Ilipp, of St.. Mary's, Auglaize
county, Ohio.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with amendments, so as to make it read as
follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be. and he ii
hereby, directed to puy to Churles llipp, postmas-
ter to, til. Mory's, Autdnize county, Ooio, the sum
of $]2! 58 ot Siint sum i,oui(f postage stnmps <>n
hand deported with him assueh postmaster for siito,
arid S'J8 12, beuitf cash on bund denved trom the
lnonej-oider business of s.mj otfu-e ; which was
fetoleu on the liieht of the Itilh ol .June, 1S71, by
some pers-on <-r persons uuktioivn, w ho burglariously
eniered said otliee ai.d forced an entrance into the
Iron sate in which said money was deposited, by
blowing said s.tte open vvuh gunpowder; and wllieh
snid sum ot money has been accounted tor by said
Hipp,
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and ihe amendments were concurred
in. It wasordered that the amendments be en-
gros-ed and the bill read the third tune. The
bill was read the third tune, and passed.
JAMS A, GtiKISN.
Mr. HOWE. I now move to take up House
bill No. 63'J.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the biit (H. ii. No. 039) for the relief
of Jane-A.. Green. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue to Jane A. Green, or
her representative, a duplicate ten*forty cou-
pon bond. No. 5359, for $1,000, iti lieu
of the original destroyed by fire, and he is
directed to pay the in'erest due thereon; but
the owner of the destroyed bond is to file in
the Treasury a bond in the penal sum equal
to the amount of the destroyed bond, and the
interest which would accrue thereon from
September 1, 1864, until the principal thereof
is due and payable, with two good and sufficient
sureties, residents of the United States, sub-
ject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, with condition to indemnify and
save harmless the United States from any
claim because of the destroyed bond.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
IIORACB B, SUBPART).
Mr. nOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House hill No.
357.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. It. No. 337) for the re-
lief of Horace li. Shepard, ot' Indiana. It
directs that there be refunded and paid to
lloiace B. Shepatd, late collector of internal
revenue for the first collection district of Indi-
ana, $1,000 75 for beer stamps, amounting to
that, sum, lutilisted to him for sale while act-
ing as such collector, and destroyed by fire
by the burning of Ins office on the 2'Jlh of
Maicli, 1807, and which were charged to and
have been accounted for by him in the final
settlement of his accounts with the Govern-
ment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
REt'OltT OF SOUTHERN CLAIMS COMMISSION.
Mr 110 WE. I move to take up House bill
No. 2682.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committeo of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. 11. No. 2582) making
appropriations for the payment of claims
reported allowed by the commissioners of
claims under the act of Congress of March
3, 1871.
Mr. IIOWE, There are two or three
amendments reported to the bill and one or
two more that I wish to move, and I ask that
they may be acted upon as the bill is read.
The bill in pretty long.
The VIC15 PRESIDENT, If there be no
objection that course will be pursued.
The Chief Cleric proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the committee was
to strike out in lines thirty six and thirty seven
the words " to Lewis Bailey, $1,225."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
sixty and sixty-one in the words "to Lewis
Bailey, $1,200 50."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and four, one hundred and five,
one hundred and six, and one hundred and
seven, in the words "Ambrose Cock, jr., $203.
To Ambrose Cock, sen., $620."
Tile amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
four hundred and twenty and four hundred
and twenty one, in the words "to Lorenzo
Thomas, jr., and Henry C. Thomas, $0,500."
'The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HO WE. On page 10 I move to strike
out lines two hundred and seventeen and two
hundred and eighteen, in the words " to Caro-
lina Heater, $5,105."
'The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. ■ I move to insert after line
four hundred and eighty-seven the words
" to Robert Hamilton, administrator of the
estate of Joseph E. Edsall. $1,8-15 20."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amendments
be engrossed and the bill be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
CLAIM Oif CONNECTICUT.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 2709.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. II. No. 2709) for the
relief of the State of Connecticut, and other
States. Tbe preamble recites that the Treasury
Department, has decided that vouchers pre-
sented by the State of Connecticut tor reim-
bursement, under the act of July 27, 1801, of
amounts paid to second assistant and other
surgeons, for services rendered in connectiun
with raising and organizing volunteers wuhin
the State during the rebellion, are not admissi-
ble under the law, for the reason that the em-
ployment ot' those officers was not authorized
prior to the act of July 2, 1802; and that it
appears that the officers actually rendered the
services, and were paid in good faiih by the
State, and were subsequently mustered as
employed in the service of the United States.
The bill theretoie directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to continue the settlement of ac-
counts presented under the act of July 27,
1801, to pay to the Governor of Connect tout,
or to his duly authorized agents, any amounts
advanced by the State in payment of extra
surgeons or assistant surgeons for services ren-
dered prior to their muster into the service of
the United States; the claims to be settled
upon proper vouchers to be tiled and passed
upon by the proper accounting olficeis of the
1 reasury. Where the vouchers ot otherStateS
for payments made to extra surgeons or assist-
ant surgeons of militia or volunteers accepted
into the service of the United States are situ-
ated similarly with those of Connecticut, the
Treasury Department is to adjust and settle
them according to the provisions of the fore-
going seciion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
THOMAS D. WEST.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up House
bill No. 1201.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as ill Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1201) for the re-
lief of Thomas I). West, of Sandusky, Ohio.
Ij directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Thomas D. West $910, in full compensa-
tion for his losses sustained, occasioned by the
occupancy of his three story stone building in
Sandusky, Ohio, by the one hundred and
twenty second New York volunteers, during
the months of January, February, March, and
April, 180-1.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
THOMAS F. SPENCER.
Mr. IIOWE. I now move to take up House
bill No. 127*1.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (11. 11. No. 1274) for tbe
relief of Thomas F. Spencer, of Indiana. It
proposes to direct tbe Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Thomas P. Spencer $100. for
one horse taken and appropriated to the ser-
vice of the United States by troops under the
command of General Hobson, on the 13th
day of July, 1803. '
The bill was reported t.o the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
