8294:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SECURITY OP BASK RESERVATIONS.
Mr. MERRIAM. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency, for present consideration,
the bill (H. R. No. 18(39) for the better se-
curity of bank reservations, and to facilitate
bank clearing-house exchanges.
The SPEAKER. This bill was debated
some time ago. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Merriam] is under the impression
that it will not cause further debate, but that
it will pass by unanimous consent. If not, it
will not be entertained. The bill will be read
for information, after which objection, if any,
will be in order.
Tbc bill was read.
Several members objected to its present
consideration.
BARK AZALEA.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
■ unanimous consent to introduce a bill grant-
ing an American register to the Ameiican
built baik Azalea, with a view to its being put
on its passage.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. CONGER. Does this bill come from
a commit,recV
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a single statement, which I think will
obviate any objection. 'This bill would come
under tin- general law except that it is an
American-built batk and was transferred to
foreign register since it was wreckcd, and
rebuilt.
Mi. CONGER. There are two or three
hundred Mich eases before the Committee on
Cominei Ce. I do not see why a special excep-
tion should be made in lavor of this bill. I
object to its present consideration.
GENEItAL llAKlill.
Mr. SARGKN 1'. 1 ask unanimous consent
to icport hick from the Committee on Appro
ptiatioiis, with the locomim-ndation that it do
pass, On* bill (11. R. No. 2i8li) pioviding for
a life M/.' <l in.irblu statue of the late Senator
Edward Dickinson Baker.
The bill was read. 11 appropriates the sum
of $10 001) lor a lil'e-size marble statue of the
late Senator Edward Dickinson Baker, from
a lilatble model in the possession of the family
of I lie dec used Senator, and directs the Libra-
rian of Congress to make a contract with
Horatio Stone to carry out the provisions of
this act.
Mr. SLATER. I object.
JAPAN KSI'l MILITARY CADETS.
Mr. L MYIiltS. I ask unanimous consent
to ititioduce st bill authorizing the Secretary
of War lo admit six -Japanese youtlis to the
West Point Military Academy for reference
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object.
CONNECTICUT AND OTIIlilt CLAIMS.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
introduced a b.lt (11. R. No. 270!)) for the
relief of the State of Connecticut and other
Stales; which was read a first and second
time, refened to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
AMERICAN REGISTRY F0K VESSELS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Thegen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] says he
will not object to my introducing for reference
to the Committee on Commerce a couple of
bills to grant American registers to some ves-
sels.
Mr. W. It. ROBERTS. I object.
Some time subsequently Mr. W. B. Roberts
withdrew his objection, and no other objection
being made,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
„ bill (H. li. No. 2710) granting an American
register to the American-built bark John
Matthews.; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2711) granting an
American register to the American-built bark
Azalea; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled, bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 347) granting a pension to
Sarah McNana;
An act (S.- No. 448) to establish a system of
deposits, to prevent desertion, and elevate the
condition of the rank and file of the Army ;
An act (S. No. 449) authotizing the issue
of clothing to certain enlisted men of company
B, fourteenth regiment infantry ;
An act (S. No. 071) to authorize the West
Wisconsin Railway Company to keep up and
maintain a bridge for railway purposes across
Lake St. Croix, at the city of Hudson, in the
State of Wisconsin ;
An act (S. No. 3G7) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to correct an Army officer's record ;
An act (S. No. 955) granting a pension to
Mary Ann Montgomery, widow of William \V.
Montgomery, late captain in 'Texas volunteers ;
An act (H. R. No. 8;!8) to provide that
minors fdvall not be enlisted in the military
seiviee of the United States without the con-
sent ot' parents or guardians; and
An act (H. II. No. 1GGG) to establish certain
post roads.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. PORTER was granted leave of absence
from yesterday until the 22d instant.
Mr. NEGLEY was granted leave of absence
for three days.
Mr. HALSEY wasgranted leave of absence
for one week.
Mr. M ERCUR was granted leave of absence
for ten days.
Mr. McllENRY was granted leave of ab-
sence for ten days.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS
Mr. McKlNNEY obtained leave to have
withdrawn from the files of the House the
papers in the application of Job S. Golf for a
pension.
Mr. ARCHER obtained leave to have with-
drawn from the liles of the House the papers
in the case of Catharine Barry, for reference
in the Senate.
Mr. L. MYERS obtained leave to have
withdrawn from the files of the House the
pension papers in the case of Isabella Swan.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same be adopted, the following con-
current resolution of tlic Senate:
Html veil, (the IIouso of Representatives concur-
ring,) Tiiat twelve thousand five hundred additional
copies of the report of the Smithsonian Institution
for the year 1871 be printed; two thousand fivehun-
dred of which shall be for the use of the Senate, five
thousand for the use of the House, aud five thou-
sand fur the use ot the institution: Provided, That
the aggregate number of pages ot said report shall
not exceed four hundred and fifty, and that there
shall be no illustrations except those furnished by
the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope there
will be an increase of the number of these
reports to be printed. I move that the sev-
eral numbers be doubled.
Mr. liANDALL. I think five thousand
copies will be enough for the institution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Well, I will
move to doub le the number for each House of
Congress, but not for the Smithsonian Institu-
tion ; that is, to have five thousand copies for
the use of the Senate, and' ten thousand for
the use of the House.
The amendment was agreed to ; and the
resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL CONVENTION, ETC.
Mr. PRICE also, from the Committee on
Printing, reported back the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed twenty-one
thousand additional copies of the report of the pro-
ceedings of the convention of delegates from agri-
cultural colleges, State agricultural societies, &c.t
held in the city of Washington on the 15th. 16th,
and 17th of February, 1872, and communicated to
the Senate by the Commissioner of Agriculture, of
which five hundred copies shall be for the use of the
Senate, six thousand for the use of the House, and
fourteen thousand five hundred copies for the use of
theCommi*sioner of Agriculture, of which onehun-
dred copies shall be supplied to each delegate to the
convention.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MItS. FANNIE >1. JACKSON.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, submitted the fol-
lowing report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ot the two Houses on the bill (II. It. N".2042)
entitled "An act tor the relief of Mrs. Fannie M.
Jackson, of Tennessee," having met, after a full
and free conference h«ive agreed to recommend to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the House reccdo from its disagreement to
the amendment of the Sennte and concur with an
amendment striking out " {>028 ov" and inserting
"SI,400;" and that theSenato agree to the same.
AUSTIN BLAIR,
JOHN T. HARRIS,
li. HcJUNKIN,
Managers on the part oj the House*
TIMOTHY O. IIOWU,
JOHN .SCOTT.
IIKNRY COOP12R,
Managers on the part oj the Senate,
The report was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vole by which the report was agreed
to; and aiso moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the tariff
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks]
whether he will not consent to an arrangement
by which one hour, some time dut ing the nine
we are in Committee of the Whole, may be
given to cany through the fortification bill?
That bill really has precedence iu Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, this is piivata-
bill day; and if the House will waive the
morning hour and go into committee now, I
shall be willing that about three o'clock the
tariff bill may be laid aside, that we may pro-
ceed to the consideration of the fortification
bill.
The SPEAKER. Would it not be better to
take up the fortification bill first and give one
hour to it?
Mr. DAWES. I should be content with
that; but the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Niblack,] who has charge of the fortification
bill, is not here.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House go into Committee of the Whole
on the fortification bill. 1 see the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] is juat coming in-
