1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1503
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment re-
ported from the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole-
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not intend, after
having been indulged at considerable length
on this subject on a former occasion, to take
up the time of the Senate .in debating the
question again to-day ; but I do hope that
that appropriation will not be made. If it
can be ascertained and pointed out to the
Senate that any particular grievance exists,
if there is any abuse in any Department, if
there are too many clerks, too high salaries,
or any other existing abuse that, can be pointed
out, there is no one in the Senate who will
vote more cheerfully to correct it than I will
myself. But, sir, to take up the report made
by the commissioners who have sat to con-
sider the subject, which denounces our Gov-
ernment and every Department of it and every
officer of it, from the President of the United
States down to the humblest subaltern in the
service as rotten and corrupt, and to legislate
upon the assumption that such is the fact,
strikes me as being rather a remarkable spec-
tacle.
I am not aware that there is any evil exist-
ing in the civil service that is to be corrected
by the appropriation of this §50,000. The
question is, what is the evil to be corrected ?
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
says he cares nothing about competitive ex-
aminations ; the trouble is that these men are
appointed upon the recommendation of mem-
bers of Congress. He does not- claim that
there are too many men employed ; that they
have too high salaries; that the service of
any one can be dispensed with, but he does
not desire to have them appointed upon the rec-
ommendation of members of Congress, which
reminds one very much of what Macaulay
says of the old Puritans, that they ubol-
ished bear-baiting, not because it was painful
to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to
the by-standers. [Laughter.] So far as I can
see that is the philosophy on which this objec-
tion rests. Assuming that to be the evil to be
corrected, namely, that the President wants to
get rid of the importunity of members of Con-
gress, how is this $50,000 to be applied ? A
Senator suggests, to buy them off. [Laugh-
ter.] The question recurs whether $50,000 is
enough to do it, whether it would not take a
million.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only question I have
about this appropriation is whether the amount
is not excessive. I have been trying to think
in my own mind how they could spend $50,000
for this purpose. If they propose to organize
boards all over the United States, to travel all
over the country and examine into the merits
of applicants for post offices and the like, then
instead of $50,000 it ought to be $1,000,000.
But I take it, these boards will be confined to
three or four great cities.
Mr. POMBROY. Oh, no ; there is to be
one in every State.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I supposed that under
color of civil service reform they intended to
establish a board in every State of this Union,
to travel all over the country and find out
whether John Doe or Richard Roe ought to
be dismissed in some insignificant town in
Ohio, I think it, would be money wasted. Like
the story told by Ben. Franklin of the whistle,
we should spend too much for this humbug if
that is the extent to which it is proposed to
be carried.
Sir, I do believe in civil service reform ; but
this should be confined to the great cities.
Nearly all the expenses of our Administration
are confined to New York, Washington, and
three or four great cities. The amount paid
for clerical and other service in Washington
is greater than in all the rest of the country
besides. I have seen it so stated—although I
think that probably is an over-estimate—that
there is more money paid in the city of Wash-
ington than in all the country besides for ser-
vice by the United States, if you exclude the
very large sum in the Post Office Department
paid to subordinate officers. But if it is pro-
posed to start these gentleman on examina-
tions all over the country, to examine the
fitness of men for minor offices, I think it
would be a great mistake, a great failure.
1 hope, therefore, while I intend to vote for
an appropriation to try this experiment, that
it will be confined to Washington and New
York, where the customs revenue is mainly
collected, and some few other of the great
cities. That is about the extent to which I
believe any attempt at civil service reform can
be carried. If they go beyond that, the thing
will break down by its own weight. At all
events, the President by attempting to carry
out civil service reform and Congress by pass-
ing the law a year ago have committed them-
selves to a fair trial of this experiment. There
ought to be reforms brought about. I think
we ought not to withhold a reasonable sum of
money to let the experiment be fairly tried, if
for no other reason, to demonstrate by its fail-
ure the impossibility of perfecting this theory of
civil service. I am willing to vote for a rea-
sonable amount, but I cannot conceive or think
how they can require $50,000 to try this ex-
periment. They could organize four or five
boards which, spending the whole year round
at a reasonable and fair salary, could probably
examine into the fitness of applicants for office
in the cities, and 1 should think $20,000 would
be all that would be necessary.
Mr. CONKL1NG. How can that be? What
, salary would they receive, and what number?
j Say three or four boards.
| Mr. SHERMAN. Not over four.
I Mr. CQNICLING. How much salary would
i thev receive?
I Mr. SHERMAN. At $50,000 it would he
$6,000 a year, which is more than is neces-
sary certainly to examine who ought to be a
custom-house officer. That is about the pay
of the Chief Justice of the United States.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to make an
inquiry of the Senator from Ohio, who prob-
ably is somewhat familiar with this civil ser-
vice reform.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not much.
Mr. RAMSEY. Probably much of this
money is intended to pay the expenses of those
who come from distant States to compete with
others here for places. [Laughter.] Is that
so or not? Or is it expected that they are to
pay their own expenses?
Mr. SHERMAN. If you are to pay all the
office-seekers who come to Washington to get
office you had better appropriate five or six
millions.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is nothing dispar-
aging in being an office-seeker, whether he
comes from the District of Columbia or the dis-
taut State of Minnesota. Do you propose
to ask a man from Minnesota to pay his own
expenses to meet a man here in competitive
examination? Probably much of this money
is intended to pay that expense.
Mr. SHERMAN. If you give every man
seeking office a free pass to come to Wash-
ington you will have every constituent of the
honorable Senator here seeking office. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. They are not so fond of
office. There are very few of them here that
have office.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am quite sure that if
you were to say to the people of Ohio that
you would give a free pass and free quarters
at the hotels to all who chose to come and
apply for office in Washington, I could find a
great many of my constituents here on my
bauds. There is no doubt about that.
Mr. RAMSEY. They are here without that.
[Laughter.] But I merely meant to suggest
that possibly this large sum of money was in-
tended for that purpose, so that there might
be fair play between the District of Columbia
and the convenient States and the remote
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. To come back to the
question, upon what basis is this $50,000
asked? I think the amount is excessive.
While I will vote for the $50,000 or any other
sum that is necessary fairly to try this experi-
ment, I think $25,000 is enough for all the
practical good that I see is likely to result
from it, and to pay for the number of persons
that I think ought to be employed under it,
and I therefore move that the amount be
reduced to $25,000.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, some few
years ago we had this question before the
House of Representatives, and I then took
ground against it. In that discussion I tried
at least to come to a conclusion as to what the
effect of a civil service of this character would
be, and my mind arrived at this conclusion :
that a civil service established on this basis,
on competitive examination, and the right to
promotion after appointment on competitive
examination, would naturally tend to organize
the civil service department of this Govern-
ment pretty much as the organization of the
Army is to-day. I then stated that I thought
it was calculated to form an aristocratic class
in this country, and I will not say that the
Array is an aristocratic class, but that it
would form a class of that character, and we
should then have the Army organization and
the civil organization upon nearly the same
basis. I opposed it upon that ground.
However, I do not wish to go into a discus-
sion of it now. I merely rose to put myself
right in reference to it. When this law was
passed I voted for the appropriation of $10,000,
merely to test it, to see whether or not it would
turn out as I thought it would when I first
heard the proposition mentioned in the House.
The proposition under which this commission
was organized was introduced by my colleague
here. I have no idea that he thought at the
time, or that the Senate thought, that the pas-
sage of the law would produce the result it
has, or that it is likely to do. I did not sup-
pose then that any commission that might be
organized or called together by the President
would produce such a set of rules as this com-
mission has presented. Those rules are in
accordance with the view I had originally, that
this measure would naturally lead to such an
organization of the civil service as I have
indicated.
Now, let us see for a moment whether the
carrying out of this proposition is going to be
beneficial to the country or not. 1 was sorry
when I saw it recommended by the President.
Though I said nothing about it, it was the only
thing in the President's message that I recol-
lect now that I objected to. That objection
I did not make known in my place here, but I
thought it was a mistake, and I think so now.
Believing it was a mistake then, 1 think it is a
mistake now. The commission, sofarasithas
gone, has shown that it is a mistake; and I
will illustrate it.
In the city of Washington we find the clerks
in the different Departments who are to have
a right to promotion on competitive examina- •'
tion. If you will examine the statute of 1853
you will find that under it the heads of the
different Departments have'the right to appoint
a committee within their Departments for the
purpose of examining clerks as to their quali-
fications to perform clerical duty. That was
the law before the provision in regard to this
commission was passed, and it is the law to-
day. They have the right to make these
organizations within their own Departments
for the put pose of examination as to the qual-
ification of persons who apply for office under
them. That was all that I thought necessary,
and it is all that I think neeessary now. But
the carrying out of the recommendations of
this commission has resulted about as follows :
in au examination in the Treasury Depart-
ment—I could mention names, but I do not
