556
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
should be made to Remington. The Secretary
of War in taking that position was, as I say,
doing what he was not required to do. He went
far beyond the requirement of international
law, because the Government had a perfect
right to sell these arms to either of the belli-
gerents, as I have shown by the authorities
which I have read.
After the 13th of October the Government
made no sales whatever to Remington, or to
any person known to be an agent of lieming-
ton or acting in his interest; although subse-
quent to the 13rh of October the Government
did execute the contract which it had made
on the morning of that day, before the Secre-
tary had seen ihis telegram, by a delivery of
the arms. That is all the Government did.
Now let us inquire whether llemington was
in fact an ageut of France on the 13th of
October.
Mr. 8C11UHZ rose.
Mr. (JAUPIiiNfTEli. I am not on a ques-
tion of law now, and I must decline to be
interrupted.
Mr. SCliURZ. On a question of fact.
Mr. CALiPiiNTEil. 1 do not yield on a
matter of fact. 1 decline to do so because it
would lead to an interminable debate, and I
am too ill to endure it.
Now, was llemington au agent of Prance?
This investigation clearly shows that he was not
at the time tiiesc sales were made. The house
of Remington & Sons had been for years
engaged in tho manufacture and sale of arms;
thf-y had been contractors with various nations,
as shown by the testimony of Squire, and had
been for many years ; and in October, 1870,
they were contractors of arms Lo the French
Government. They were not the agents of the
Froncli Government in any proper sense. The
contract between them and the French Gov-
ernment was that they should deliver arms to
France for a certain percentage above what
the arms cost them in this country. From
that the Senator infers that they were agents
of France ; but that is not a legitimate infer-
ence. Merchants dealing with each other
upon commission sustain the relation of prin-
cipal and agent or not, according to tho facts
and circumstances of each ease. The nieie
fact thataepmmtssion is paiddoes not determ-
ine the question.
To make out that Remington was an agent
of France, it must be shown that if Remington
had bought a portion of these arms in Wash-
ington upon credit, and had promised to pay
in thirty days, and yet, after he had purchased
these arms and taken possession of them, he
had sold them to somebody else, or thrown
thein away, France would have been liable to
us, because her agent had contracted with us,
and his contract was her contract, and whether
she ever got the arms or not was a question
between her and her agent. No such relations
existed between France and Remington. Rem-
ington bought the arms here undoubtedly for
the purpose of fulfilling his contract with
France; but he bought them in his own right
as an American citizen and not as an agent of
Franc*', and the testimony of Mr. Squire upon
this siilject, found at page 2;i of the report, is
perfectly conclusive. He also testifies that
later in the year, in December, 187U, long
after the sales had been made, one of the Rem-
ingtons did become an agent of France, com-
missioned by letters from the French Govern-
ment, and that he thereupon received the
French funds in New York, and acted openly
as their agent.
This subject of the sale of arms, under the
legal aspect of the case, may be summed up
as follows: in the first place, I maintain, as
established from these authorities, what the
report contends for, that if these sales had
been made by our Government directly to an
agent of the belligerent or to the sovereign
of either belligerent in person, .in the city of
Washington, the law of nations would not
have been violated.
In the second place, I maintain that this
proof shows that our Government never did
sell a gun to a man known to be an agent of
the French Government.
In the third place, I maintain that the men
to whom they did sell were not in fact agents
at the time the sale was made.
The next subject treated by the committee
was whether the sales of arms were fairly and
advantageously made. There is no question
in regard to this point. I do not understand
the Senator from Missouri to attack it at all.
The testimony is entirely conclusive. There
was a sale of what amounted to about ten
million dollars of property which in a series
of years would have become worthless or
would require for repairs and preservation a
sum equal to their value. They were sold by
our officials taking advantage of the market
and exercising their skill as tradesmen. They
were sold on advantageous terms and at prices
far higher than they would command to-day,
and the Government received $10,000,000 for
them.
The Senator from Missouri made a calcula-
tion, dividing this sum between the inhabitants
of the United States, and reached the conclu-
sion that what would be received by each inhab-
itant was too trifling to induce him to consent
to a sale made under what he denominated
such "fearful risks." What fearful risks?
There was no danger of losing the good will
of Prussia. Iler officials had too much sense
to suppose that we were doing anything wrong
by selling our own property m our own coun-
ty to any purchaser. Upon the former dis-
cussion of this subject the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wilson] read a latter from
Mr. Spinner, Treasurer of the United States,
from which i ask that an extract may be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Treasury of thk United States,
Washington, February 1(3,1872.
"MyDjsaii Sir: lthas occurred to my that thefol-
lowing tacts might be of interest to you, in connec-
tion v. ith tho debiltc which has taken place iu regard
to thesaloof arms by the United States to alleged
agents ot tho French Government during the iate
witr between Franco and Germany.
" During my Europe,in tour last -summer. Is:uv in
several German newspapers a statement substan-
tially as follows:
"Baron Goroit, it was said, had called the attention
of Prince Bismarck to the fact that age'nts of the
French were large purchasers of arms andmunitions
in the United {States, which ho iv«i  mfouned were
intended for the use of the French army of t he Loire.
Believing this to bo 111 violation of both the law of
nations and treaty stipulations between Prussia and
tho United States, lie deemed it his duty to call the
attention of his Government to the facts and to ask
for instructions as to the course which he should
pursue. Should it, however, be concluded that his
judgment as to the violation of law and treaty
stipulations was erroneous, he desired to say that he
had been assured that ho could prevent the arms in
question from going to France and obtain them for
his own Government, upon pavment of an advance
of fifteen per ceut. upon tho price which tbo French
had agreed to pay.
"To this communication the German chancellor
was said to have replied that in his opinion, after
due examination and consideration, the reported
sales of arms to France weie in violation of neither
the law of nations nor any treatv stipulations with
the United States, and that, as to the purchase of
tho arms at an advance ot fifteen per cent, or at any
other rate, he saw 110 reason for authorizing it, sinco
the German troops would doubtless be shortlv able
to obtain them for nothing by picking them up on
the banks of the Loirel "
Mr. CARPENTER. Upon the question of
the legality of these sales 1 quote the chan-
cellor of Germany against the Senator from
Missouri. Bismarck was informed by the
German minister at Washington of what was
being done by our Government, and was in-
quired of, first, whether he should make any
objection to it 5 and second, whether Prus-
sia desired to purchase any of the arms ?
Bismarck, after due consideration, replied
that the sales were legal, were not in viola-
tion of the law of nations nor of any treaty
between the United States and Prussia, and
that Prussia did not desire to purchase any
of the arms, preferring the chance of picking
them up on the banks of the Loire. What
risk, then, did we run? Possibly the Admin-
istration ran the risk of losing the support
and friendship of the Senator fiom Missouri.
That was, however, no risk at all, for he was
lost to the Administration long before. But
if it were still an open question whether the
Government should realize $10,000,000 by a
perfectly legal sale of property that would
soon become worthless in order to retain to
the Administration the support of the Sena-
tor from Missouri, I should vote against paying
that sum for that purpose. [Laughter.]
What risk, then, did we run? None what-
ever. We exercised an undoubted right and
performed a clear duty. We put $10,000,000
in the Treasury, thus relieving to that extent
the tax-payers of the country.
Another subject investigated by the com-
mittee was whether any officer of the Govern-
ment had behaved improperly or profited per-
sonally in connection with these sales. No
time need be devoted to this point, because
the charge is now abandoned. Since the evi-
dence was taken it is not pretended by any
one that there was any improper or corrupt
conduct in these sales, or that any officer of
the Government derived any profit from them.
Every dollar that was received was paid into
the Treasury, and it is now admitted on all
sides that the supposed discrepancy of ac-
counts between the War and Treasury Depart-
ments had 110 existence in fact.
The com mitt.ee were also instructed to inquire
•4 whether any member of the Senate, or any
other American citizen, is or has been in com-
munication or collusion with the Government
or authorities of any foreign Power, or with
any agent or officer thereof, in reference to
the matter of said sales." it was in that
branch of the investigation, I imagine, that
the committee incurred the wrath of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts and the Senator lrotn
Missouri. It appears that the Marquis de
Chambrun, who does not shine so brilliantly
in the light of this testimony as he did in the
speeches of those Senators preceding the invest-
igation, had been in Washington for some time
and exceedingly anxious to have an investiga-
tion into litis subject. It appears that he first
applied to the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Patterson,] and requested him to intro-
duce a resolution. After considering the
subject, Mr. Pattersox informed him that
he had determined not to do it and for the
following among other reasons:
"Besides I thought, as a friend of the Adminis-
tration, if any subordinates in the employ ot tho
Government had been connected with such fraud-
ulent transactions, it was my duty to state the case
to the President and to the Secrotaiy ot War, aud
let them tako the initiative, and c<ury through any
investigations ot this kind."
That was the very proper conclusion of the
Senator frotn New Hampshire. Thereupon
the Marquis de Chambrun applied to the Seo-
retaiy ot War, who testifies upon that subject:
" 1 would further state, in reference to these pri-
vate interviews,, that <>n both those- occasions, De-
cember 27, 1871, and January 20, 1S72, the Marquis
de Chumoruu informed me that lie was satisfied that
a resolution oi investigation would bo introduced
in Cungies-?, investigating the matters concerning
these sales of arms: that he was a friend of the
Administration ; that he was attached to the Adtmn-
istiation; that he was anxious that this resolution
should be offered by some person who was a friend
ot the Administration; and that he thought Iliad
better use my miiuence to that end."
The Secretary of War declined to have any-
thing to do with it; told the Marquis de Cham-
brun he cared nothing about au investigation;
there was nothing to be concealed, the invest-
igation was already made; for he had made
the reports, and the books of the Department
were open to everybody. Having failed in his
