2400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My propo-
sition was that all proceedings in regard to
that amendment be regarded as set back to
the time when the call of the roll was con-
cluded upon it.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BANKS. I think I must object to that.
The one thing to be done is to correct the
J ournal when it comes to be read. According
to the statement of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] the Journal is not
correct
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule upon
the point presented. The roll having been
called upon the question of concurring in the
Senate amendment as amended, no motion
having been made that the reading of the
names be omitted, the names of those who
had voted were read, and then the announce-
ment was made by the Chair of how the vote
stood. Shortly after that announcement, and
after the House had proceeded to the consid-
eration of other business, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] arose in his
place and alleged that his vote was not re-
corded, although he had voted in the negative.
Now, the right of the gentleman to make that
assertion, and of the Chair to recognize it and
rule upon it, arises absolutely upon the journ-
alization of the record of that vote; and
when the Journal is read the gentleman can
raise that point of order, and the Chair can
rule upon it. It will not require unanimous
consent, because a correction of the J ournal
is within the purview of the Chair to that
extent; but by unanimous consent it may be
done now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It would be
far better to do it now.
Mr. BANKS. If it does not take up too
much time to do it now, I will not object.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose it could be done
by unanimous consent, and in no other way.
That, is what led me to make the inquiry if any
gentleman objected to correcting a mistake.
I understood the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sarqknt] to object.
Mr. SARGENT. I have not said anything
of the kind, and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] by his inquiry casts a
slur upon the members of this House, and if
he refers to rne ho does me an injustice. As
the gentleman interrupted me before when I
rose to make an inquiry of the Chair, I desire
to make it now without impertinent interrup-
tions from him or from any one else. I wish
to inquire whether the correction of the Jour-
nal would affect the declared action of the
House upon the question? In other words,
has it not been frequently adjudicated in this
House that while a person has the right to
state how he has voted upon any proposition,
yet the result of the vote after it has been
declared is not thereby affected?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest
one mode (and it is a very direct one) by which
the House can extricate itself from the diffi-
culty. It is a mode perfectly fair toward every
member of the House, and one against which,
in tbe judgment of the Chair, no objection can
be alleged, except that of occupying time just
now; and if that point be raised the question
can go over for the present. The vote on con-
curring in tbe Senate amendment has not been
reconsidered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I was just going
to say that if unanimous consent be not given
to the course I suggested, we may have a
reconsideration.
The SPEAKER. That motion had better
be made.
Mr. PETERS. Then I move to reconsider
the vote on concurring in the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to have an answer
to my parliamentary inquiry. It is pertinent.
I wish to know what the rule is where a mem-
Der subsequently to the declaration of a vote
rises and states that he voted differently from
what is recorded on the Journal?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
the gentleman that one of the most vexatious
and least settled questions of parliamentary
practice is that involved in the point now
raised by the gentleman from California. It
is a very delicate matter, involving oftentimes
questions of correctness of statement, and
where the House, as in this case, has within its
power the means of overcoming the difficulty
by a simple vote of reconsideration, the Chair
suggests that such a course is decidedly advis-
able, and hopes that it will be adopted in this
case, because thereby no one will lose any
right.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
that. I was only asking what has been the
adjudication. The question has been adjudi-
cated.
Mr. DAWES. I believe the gentleman from
California does not want to take advantage of
the mistake.
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; but I thought I
had a right to information on a point of parlia-
mentary law directly presented to the House.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
fiki.d,] to reconsider the vote on concurring in
the Senate amendment with reference to the
extension of the Capitol grounds.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon concurring in the ninety-second amend-
ment of the Senate, as amended, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered. The Chair
will not allow one name to be called upon this
vote unless order be obtained. The Clerk
states that on the former vote he did not hear
the response of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield,] and this was not because
the gentleman did not speak audibly, but on
account of the noise made by other members.
Mr. BANKS. I ask for the reading of the
Senate amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is an amendment of
five sections, with the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] and
the amendment limiting the expenditure to
$400,000.
Mr. BANKS. I do not insist on hearing the
amendment read.
The question was again taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 89,
not voting 50 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Banks, Barry,
Bingham, Bird, Braxton, George M. Brooks, James
Brooks, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler, Carroll, Wil-
liam T. Olark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan,
Critcher, Darrall, De Large, Duke, Dunneli, Eaines,
Eidredgc, .Elliott, Ely, Fanvell, Forker, Charles Fos-
ter, Frye, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale, Hanibletun,
Hancock, Harper, George E. Harris, Hays, Gerry
W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, llibbard, Hoar,
Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall. Lam-
ison, Lamport, Landing, Lynch, Maynard, McClel-
land, McJunkin, McICinney. Merriarn. Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morey, Leonard Myers, Neg-
ley, Packard, Packer, Peck, Pendleton, Perce,
Peters, Poland, Porter, Prmdle, Rainey, Rogers,
Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Sherwood, Slo-
cum, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stowell, Sutherland, Swann, Washington
Townsend, Turner, Twichell. Waldron, Wallace,
Warren, Whiteley, Willard. Williams of Indiana,
Williams of New York, Winchester, and Wood—95.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Auies, Beatty,
Bell, Beveridge. Brigby, Biggs, Bright, Butfinton,
Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Coburn,
Comingo, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Cros&land, Davis,
Dawes, Box, 1)u Bose, Duel!, Finkelnbur^, Wilder
D. Foster. Garfield, Garrett, Golladay, Goodrich,
Handley, Hanks, John T. Harris. Havens, Hay, Here-
ford, Herndon. Holman, Kerr, King, Leach, Lowe,
Manson, Marshall, McCormick, McCrarv, McGrew,
McIIenry, Melntyre, Mercur, Monroe, Moore, Mor-
gan, Morphis. Orr, Palmer, Ilosea W. Parker, Isaac
C. Parker, Eli Perry, Randall. Read, Edward Y.
Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, William 11. Roberts, Scofield,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shober, Slater, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson. Storm, Stoughton,
Strong, TaiTe, Terry, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump,
Vaughan, "Wakeman, Walden, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitthorne, Jeremiah M. "Wilson, and John X.
Wilson—89.
NOT "VOTING-Messrs. Acker, Averiil, Barber.
Barnum, Back, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boles,
Caldwell, Campbell, Cox. Crebs, Creely, Crocker,
Dickey, Donnan. Farnsworth. Henry D.Foster, Getz,
Halsey, Harmer, Hawley, Hill, Ketcham, Kiliinger,
Kinsella, Lewis, MeKee, McNeely, Mitchell, Nib-
lack, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Porter, Price, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Shelia-
barger, Shoemaker, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, St. John. Sypher,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Voorhees,
Waddell, Walls, and Young—56.
So the Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
During the vote,
Mr. DONNAN stated that he was paired
with Mr. PlatTj who would vote in the affirm-
ative, while he would vote m the negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House request a conference with the Sen-
ate on the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move to
reconsider all the votes taken to-day on the
Senate amendments; and also move that the
motion to reconsider he laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. Hie last vote cannot be
reconsidered, as there has been one reconsid-
eration already, and all the other votes had
been reconsidered, and the motion to recon-
sider laid upon the table.
saturday's session.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that when
the House adjourns to-day, it be to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest that
there be a session to-morrow as in Committee
of the Whole for debate only, no business
whatever to be transacted.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. If there be any
considerable number of members who desire
to address the House to-morrow, I have no
objection to that modi6cation of my motion.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to a
session to-morrow for debate only, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, no business whatever to
be transacted ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I made the
suggestion because one or two members asked
me to do so, but if there are no members who
wish to address the House to-morro-w, of course
I will withdraw the suggestion.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew it. I know there
are gentlemen who desire to address the House
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
there being a session to-morrow for debate
only as in Committee of the Whole, no busi-
ness whatever to be transacted?
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
message from ti1e senate.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Stmfson, one of its clerks, notifying
the House that the Senate had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 1323) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic service of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes, with amend-
ments ; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
It further announced that the Senate had
adopted the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1228) for the
relief of R. Nelson Gere.
It further announced that the Senate had
adopted a concurrent resolution of the House
that House bill No. 2031 for the relief of
Peck, Van Horn & Co., of Harrison county,
State of Kentucky, be corrected and enrolled
"Peck Van Hook & Co.," that being the
proper name and style of the firm for whom
the relief is intended.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 881) to provide for the abate-
ment or repayment of taxes on distilled spirits
in bond destroyed by casualty ; and
