1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2401
A bill (S. No. 828) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
opposite to, or within the corporate limits of
Nebraska City, Nebraska.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. 11. No. 864) to extend the
time of payment for their lands by persons
holding preemptions of the public land in
the State of Minnesota, with amendments;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the House of the following
titles, without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 1802) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to make certain negotia-
tions with the Ute Indians in Colorado ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 578) to extend the time
for the completion of the military road from
Fort Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, in the State
of Michigan, to Port Howard, at Green Bay, in
the State of Wisconsin.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio,
by unanimous consent, the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1328) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
service of the Government for the jear ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, were
taken from the Speaker's table, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found duly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 770) to erect two new laud
districts in the State of Nebraska;
An act (H. R. No. 535) for the relief of Asa
M. Trimble ;
An act (H. R. No. 622) granting a pension
to Richard B. Crawford ;
An act (H. R. No. 1180) to extend the time
for filing claims for additional bounty, under
the act of July 28, 1866 ;
An act (H. R. No. 1203) to amend the first
section of an act emitted "An act to provide
for the disposition of useless military reserva-
tions,'' approved February 24, 1871 ;
An act (H. R. No. 1238) to remove the
charge of desertion against Daniel Orner, late
private of company H, ninety-first Pennsyl-
vania volunteers ;
An act (H. R. No. 1337) to authorize Wil-
liam C. Jardine to make application to the
Commissioner of Patents for the issue of a
patent for his improvement in brake aud rest
for carts *
An act(H. R. No. 1670) for the relief of
Isaac B. Kinkead ;
An act (H. R. No. 1720) to confirm the
title of John Boyer to ceitain lauds therein
described;
An act (If. R. No. 1781) authorizing tne Sec-
retary of War to deliver condemned ordnance
to certain soldiers' monumental associations;
An act (H. R. No. 1782) in relation to
bounties;
An act (H. It. No. 2205) for the relief of the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Ix6&rSHr£?6 j
An act (H. R. No. 2246) for the relief of
James T. Johnston, of Alexandria, Virginia;
and
.Joint resolution (H. It. No. 108) granting
condemned cannon for the erection of a sol-
diers' monument at Mound City, Illinois.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BANKS. As the time which has been
occupied, since the morning hour commenced,
in having a new roll-call on the amendment
to the legislative appropriation bill, will not
be counted as part of the time allotted to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and as at this
hour the House, I presume, is not disposed
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 151.
to enter upon business, I shall move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. COBURN. Before that is done I move
to go to the Speaker's table for the purpose
of having referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs a number of bills from the Senate,
which are on the table. The Committee on
Military Affairs will probably be called in the
course of three or four days, and it is very de-
sirable that these bills should be now referred.
Mr. BANKS. 1 withdraw the motion to
adjourn in order to allow the gentleman from
Indiana to move to go to the Speaker's table
for that purpose.
Mr. COBURN. Before doing so I yield to
thegentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
who desires to offer a resolution.
MEXICAN BOKDKK OUTRAGES.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit and have adopted now
a preamble and resolution which I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas a presentment of a grand jury in the
United States court at Brownsville, Texas, declares
that since 1865, Mexican armed bands, under Mexi-
can officers, have invaded the United States, and that
General Cortina, an officer of high rank in the Mexi-
can army, has levied war upon the United States,
murdered citizens and robbed mails, and stolen
cattle, horses, aud other property; and whereas there
are like outrages upon the State of California, and
the Territories of New Mexico and Arizona: There-
01Je it resolved, That the President be requested to
communicate to this Ilouse this or any other like
grand jury presentment in Texas, and also all in-
iormation he has, or communications made to him,
respecting Mexican outrages upon or in the States
of Texas and California, and the Territories of New
Mexico and Arizona.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is that an extract from
one of Polk's messages?
Mr. AMBLER. I would ask that the pre-
amble and resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have no
objection to that.
i'lie resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. IIOAR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SKNATB BILLS REFEK11ED.
Mr. COBURN. I now ask that, by unan-
imous consent, a number of Senate bills, of
which I have piesented a list to the Chair, be
taken from the Speaker's table, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
There was no objection ; and bills of _ the
Senate of the following titles were taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs:
A bill (S. No. 778) to provide for the pay-
ment of women nurses during the war ;
A bill (S. No. 59) authorizing the Secretary
of tlie Treasury to settle and pay the accounts
of Colonel James F. Jaques ;
A bill (S. No. 946) to remove the charge of
desertion against Harry B. Cloud from the
records, and to give him an honorable dis-
charge ;
A bill (S. No. 607) to establish the pay of
the enlisted men of the Army;
A bill (S. No. 711) explanatory of a joint
resolution approved July 11, 1870, entitled "A
joint resolution amendatory of a joint resolu-
tion for the relief of certain officers of the
Army," approved July 26, 1866;
A bill (S. No. 446) to amend an act enti
tied "An act to establish and to protect
national cemeteries," approved February 22,
1867; . . , „
A bill (S. No. 807) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to pay certain certificates issued
for fortification purposes in Lawrence, Kansas;
A bill (S. No. 609) to reduce the limits of
the military reservation at Fort Stanton, New
Mexico;
A bill (S. No. 618) authorizing compensa-
tion to the members of company B, fourteenth
infantry, for private property destroyed by fire
on the Nashville and Chattanooga railroad ;
A bill (S. No. 44fc>) to establish a system of
deposits, to prevent desertion, and elevate the
condition of the rank and file of the Army ;
A bill (S. No. 559) for the relief of California
and Nevada veteran volunteers discharged at,
points distant from the original place of enlist-
ment;
A bill (S. No. 769) to close the accounts
of R. E. De ltussy, late colonel of corps of
engineers, deceased ;
A bill (8. No. 626) to authorize the sale of
certain public property at Augusta, Georgia ;
A hill (S. No. 486) for the relief of Brevet.
Colonel Emeric Szabad;
A bill (S. No. 841) for the relief of James
A. Way mire, late a second lieutenant of com-
pany M, first cavalry, United States Army ;
A bill (S. No. 645) to confirm the title to
certain lands in the Fort Kearney military res-
ervation in Fremont couuty, Iowa ;
A bill (S. No. 530) to provide for the dis-
position of that portion of the military reser-
vation at Fort Ripley, Minnesota, which lies
east of the Mississippi river; and
A bill (S. No. 647) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to issue clothing to enlisted men
in place of clothing destroyed by accident.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. COBURN. There are two House bills
returned from the Senate with amendments.
; that they be taken up and referred to
the Committee on Military Afi'airs.
No objection was made; and the Senate
amendments to House bill (H. R. No. 838) to
provide that minors shall not be enlisted in
the military service of the United States with-
out the consent of parents and guardians were
taken from the Speaker's table and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The amendment of the Senate to House bill
(H. R. No. 1776) declaring the lands constitut-
ing the Fort Collins military reservation, in the
Territory of Colorado, subject to preemption
and homestead entry, as provided for by exist-
ing law, was also taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. COBURN. I will state that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs considered that bill
this morning, and are in favor of its adoption.
Unless, therefore, objection be made, I will
ask that it be considered now.
The amendment of the Senate was read
for information. It was to insert, after the
word ''entry," in line five, the word '-only;"
so that the bill would read:
That the lands constituting the Fort Collins mili-
tary reservation, in the Territory of Colorado, so fur
as the same have not been lawfully disposed of since
their reservation, are hereby restored to the United
States, and made subject to preemption and home-
stead entry only, as now provided for by law.
Mr. STEVENSON. There is not time to
consider that bill now.
Mr. CONGER. I object to its present con-
sideration.
The bill, with the amendment of the Senate,
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE MISSOURI.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 696) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river at Boonville, Missouri, was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, aud referred to the Committee ou Com-
merce.
REVENUE STEAMERS UPON THE LAKES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution
of the House of January, 1872, in relation to
United States revenue marine steamers upon
the lakes during the past season ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, ana
, ordered to be printed.
