1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■4JM
without amendment, and recommend its
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
'Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay $555 to' John W. Phelps, of
Vermont, in full for the rent of certain lands
owned by him in Alexandria, Virginia, occu-
pied by the commissary department for a
bakery from 1862 to 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DAVID BRADEN.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 166.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 106) for the relief of
David Braden. It is a direction to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to David Braden,
late captain and assistant adjutant general of
volunteers, for commutation of quarters ahd
fuel, and three months' extra pay,- under act
.of March 3, 18C5, the sum of $1,058.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the thix-d time, and passed.
R. B. WILLIAMSON.
Mr. WRIGHT. I call up the bill for the
relief of Levi J. Powell. The Senator from
West Virginia has the number of it.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to suggest to my col-
leagues the .propriety of passing House bills
first. It is the law which I have observed
myself and which I have been solicitous that
my colleagues should observe. There is very
little use in passing Senate bills now,
Mr. WRIGHT. I believe there is no other
bill at present to be considered coming from
the House.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from West Vir-
ginia has some bills to report.
Mr. BOREMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2807) for the relief of
Robert B. Williamson, to report it with an
amendment. I ask for its present consider-
ation.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides for the payment to Rob-
ert B. Williamson of $2,817. in full discharge
of all claims against the United States on
account of property belonging to him taken
from his farm in Fauquier county, Virginia,
in the years 1862 and 1863 for the use of the
Army. '
The amendment of the committee was in
line six, to strike out ''$2,817" and insert
"$2,567."
The amendment was agreed to.-
The bill wasreportedto the Senate asamend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred iu. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
W. T, BOWKKS.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Iam directed
by the Committee on Claims; to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 1899) for the relief
of W. T. Bowers, to report it back without
amendment. There are only thirty dollars
involved, and I trust it will be acted on at
once.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which directs the proper ac-
counting officer of the Post Office Department
to credit W. T. Bowers, postmaster at Liberty,
Union county, Indiana, with the sum of thirty
'dollars on his accbunt as postmaster with the
Department, that sum being the amount of
postage stamps stolen from that post office
on the 21st day of December, 1871, while the
building in which the office was kept* was
threatened with destruction by fire.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 263.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
RICHARD E. BOLLING.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I am di-
rected by the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 2788) for the
relief of Richard R. Boiling, to report it back
without amendment, and to ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which is a direction to the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, in adjusting
and settling the accounts of Richard R. Boil-
ing, late surveyor of customs and United States
depositary at Louisville, Kentucky, to credit
him with the sum of $28,838 77, being the
amount of Government funds embezzled and
stolen from him without his default while
holding those offices during the years 1867
and 1868.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CHILDREN OP J. 51. BAKER.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I am direct-
ed by the same committee to report back the
bill (H. R. No. 2948) for the relief of Lucy
A. Baker and Mary A. Baker, children of
John M. Baker, deceased, and to ask for its
present consideration. It is perhaps proper to
say that a similar bill was once vetoed by the
President, but there 'is a letter there now
from him stating that, if returned to him, he
will sign it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay Lucy A. Baker and Mary
A. Baker, children of John M. Baker, de-
ceased, late consul of the United States at the
port of Rio de Janeiro, $1,660 67, for diplo-
matic service rendered by their father while
acting as such consul. "
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
A. G. BOOTH.
Mr. SCOTT. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Claims to ask action on the bill
(H. R. No. 1241) for the relief of A. G.
Booth, late assistant assessor in the twenty-
first revenue district of Pennsylvania. This
bill was not actually referred to the commit-
tee, but was sent here with a multitude of
other bills which came from the House. It
has not received its second reading, but the
Committee on Claims authorize me to ask
that it be read the second time, and put on its
passage. •
There being no objection, the bill was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the .Whole. It provides for paying
to A. G. Booth, late assistant assessor in the
■twenty-first revenue district of Pennsylvania,
the compensation payable to assessors in that
district, from the 15th day of January, 1868,
until the 8th day of April, 1869, being the
period during which he acted as assessor,
after deducting the amount paid him as assist-
ant assessor during the same period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
"WILLIAM L. UTLKY.
Mr. IIOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
1090.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 1090) for the relief of William L. "Utley
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The Secretary
of the Tieasury is by the bill directed to pay
to the attorneys of record of George Robert-
son, of Kentucky, the amount of the judgment
rendered for Robertson against William L.
Utley^ which judgment was rendered in the
circuit court for the eastern district of Wiscon-
sin, on the 6th day of October, 1871, for the
sum of $908 06 debt, and $26 40 costs, to
gcther with interest on such sums from the
date of recovery, and o.iuse the judgment to
be discharged of record.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed lor a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARGARET,B. FRANKS.
Mr. HOWE. I move to proceed with the
consideration of Senate bill No. 983.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill '(S.
No. 983) for the relief of Margaret B. Pranks,
heir-at-law of Thotaas L.' Franks, of Green
Bay, Wisconsin, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole,
It provides for the payment to Margaret B.
Pranks, heir-at-law of Thomas L. Pranks, of
$1,754 66§, in discharge of all claims upon the
Government of the United States for services
rendered and supplies furnished as set forth iu
her petition.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LEVI J. POWELL
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 1172.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 1172) for the relief of Levi J. Powell was
read the second time, aud considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides for the pay-
ment to Levi J. Powell of $104 50, in full for
his bill for printing done and furnished by order
of the military authorities at Clarksburg, West
Virginia, during the late war.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, aud passed.
A. w. MOSS.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 1021.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 1021) for the relief of A. W. Moss was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for the
payment to A. W. Moss of $480, in full com-
pensation for ninety-six days' services, at five
dollars per day, sendered by him under the
appointment of General Rosecrans as a mem-
ber of a board to take charge of the military
custom-house at Nashville, Tennessee, from
March 20, 1863, to July 1 in the same year.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and ptlssed.
A. GORDON MDLLIN.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 1074. _
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 1074) for the relief of A. Gordon Muilhi
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCOTT. I would say to the Senator
from Wisconsin that that bill is covered by
a general bill which has been passed, authoi-
izing the issue of new bonds for lest bonds of
the United States, and T have withdrawn the
papers. I have no desire that the bill should
pass.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the bill be in-
definitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
DAVID L. WRIGIIT.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 663.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No". 663) for the relief of David L. Wright, late
captain of company E, fifty-first regiment In-
diana volunteers, was considered as iu Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Paymaster General of the Army to pay,
out of any money appropriated or hereafter
