1872.]
APPEHDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms io French Agents—Mr. Carpent&r,
Senate.
application to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire and to the Secretary of War, and, as far
as the Senator from New Hampshire is con-
cerned, because he was a friend of tjiie Admin-
istration, the Marquis turned his attention to
Senators who were known not to be friends of
the Administration; and henceforth we find
lnm in daily communication with the Senator
from Massachusetts down to the time when
this preamble and resolution were introduced.
It also appears that he furnished the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts with the copy of the
letter from Remington to Le Cesne, which
constitutes an essential part of the Senator's
famous preamble, although he denied having
done this to Secretary Boutwell, and pretended
that he had given a copy of the letter to Sen-
ator Patterson to show to the President, and
that Patterson had delivered it to the Senator
from Massachusetts. The latter Senator, how-
ever, testifies that he received the copy of this
letter from Chambrun himself; thus positively,
while under oath, contradicting the testimony
of his friend Chambiun, whom he lauded so
highly in his former speech upon this subject.'
Indeed poor Chambrun as he is exhibited in
the testimony is entitled to commiseration.
Mr. President, one remark more upon the
pretended discrepancy of accounts between
the two Departments. The Secretaiy of War
was an officer ot honorable service during the
rebellion, and the Secretary of the Treasury
is an honored citizen of Massachusetts. This
suspicion east upon the honored heads of
two of the Executive Departments by this
intriguing Frenchman might have been dis-
pelled by an examination of the published
documents upon our table, or at the trifling
inconvenience of walking to the Departments
to ascertain the truth. But Secretaries Bel-
knap and Boutwell are personal filends of tile
President. This cancels all their excellence
in the estimation of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and he was willing to arouse and con-
firm popular suspicion against their integrity,
to secure reflected discredit upon their chief,
the President ot the United States; and to
that end the Senator introduced his piearn-
ble, not knowing, and apparently not caring,
■whether it recited truth or falsehood, and made
it the foundation of an acrimonious aitackupon
the Administration. These facts reflect a strong
light upon the motives of that Senator in all
this business.
1 have spoken to all the principal subjects
embiaced in this report. Its statement of
facts is abundantly sustained by the accom-
panying testimony, and I have referred to
the authorities which suppport the principles
of international law which uie report adopts.
And here I leave the report to the dispassion-
ate judgment, of the people.
But, sir, the present debate, begun by the
Senator from Massachusetts on Friday and
continued by the Senator from Missouri on
Friday evening, was not intended to discuss
the question of the sale of arms. That was
the pretext for thrusting another political de-
bate upon the Senate prior to the Philadelphia
convention. I have already shown you how
the Senator from Massachusetts glided by this
subject with only a passing and angry glance,
and devoted columns ot personal abuse to the
Chief Magistrate of the nation. The subject
was originally introduced for mere partisan
purposes, not to ascertain the facts, and this
new phase of it is in full keeping with the
primary design. The object is to prejudice the
Administration with calumny and falsehood,
rn tht; vain hope of thwaiting the manifest
purpose of the people to renominate and reelect
General Grant. The late speech of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, with two paragraphs
upon the subject and twenty columns^ ot
calumny upon General Grant, fully justifies
tifiii suitemuiit.
Mr. President, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has assumed a position which not
only invites but compels an examination of
his motives, and after his deliberate aud mer-
ciless attack upon General Grant, who by the
proprieties of his station is precluded from
replying, the Senator cannot complain if the
friends of General Grant accept the war he
has declared and carry it into the Senator's
own camp.
The Senator from Massachusetts has long
been in public life. He was associated early
with measures which finally triumphed, chang-
ing the policy of this country from a protection
of slavery mio a vindication of freedom. When
this great consummation was accomplished, it
was natural that its leaders and champions
should be held in honor and regarded with af-
fection by colaborers in the same field, and
by the enfranchised race. The Senator en-
joyed the flattering and dangerous encomiums
which a grateful people always bestow upon
real or supposed benefactors. But it proved
true of him, as of many others, that the forti-
tude which can survive opposition,is not always
distinguished by the steadiness that can endure
success. The adulation of thousands, and the
constant burning of incense before him, have
so completely turned his head that he seems
incapable of considering any subject apart
from himself. He has, as it is reported, long
been not only an admirer, but an imitator of
Burke ; and it is clear that in the elaborate aud
malignant philippic upon the President, which
be read m the Senate on Friday, which was
composed at great expense of midnight oil,
printed in pamphlet form, and partially dis-
tributed before its delivery in the Senate, the
Senator had m mind Burke's terrible arraign-
ment of Warren Hastings, which was so vin-
dictive as to provoke the following epigram :
" Oft have we wondered that on Irish ground
No poisonous reptile has ere yet been fouud ;
Revealed the secret stands ot Nature's work,
She saved tier venom to create a Burke."
Imitators are always more successful in
copying the vices than the virtues of the old
masters ; and the Senator's philippic as far-
excels its model in malice and meanness as
it falls short of it m grandeur and eloquence.
Aud there are many reasons for fearing that
the Senator will meet the fate of Burke, who
late in life turned away from his early princi-
ples and died in the embrace ot his early
enemies, detested by his early triends.
1 propose to consider several of the articles
of impeachment which are set iu array by the
Senator's speech against the President. And
first let me consider the charge that the Presi-
dent has turned the Executive Mansion into a
military headquarters. What are the facls?
Three officers of the Army may be fouud in
the White House. Babcock, a major of engin-
eers, detailed in pursuance of an act ot Con-
gress to act as commissioner of public build-
ings and grounds; and Dent and Porter,
officers belonging to the staff of General Sher-
man. Three more modest and courteous gen-
tlemen cannot be found in the United States,
They were members of General Grant's mili-
tary family during the war, and they love him,
as do all those who have ever served with liim.
In so far as tliey can assist the President, it is
with them a labor of love to do so, and only
a labor of love, for neither one of theui re-
ceives one cent ol compensation for such
service. If they were all dismissed from the
White IIou3e to-day Babcock would have an
office in some other public building, and re-
ceive the same salary as at present. Dent and
Porter would be occupying rooms in the War
Department, dividing with other assistants of
General Sherman labor not very severe iu those
piping times of peace, aud which would bo
lighter still when still further divided. It has
heeu attempted by the Senator to exult tiisssa
gentlemen into some official importance ; but
they are merely clerks at the White House,
assisting the President, with the permission of
General Sherman, their official chief; and here
let me repeat that neither ot them receives a
cent for such assistance beyond his pay as an
officer of the Army.
Now for the precedents. General Washing-
ton appointed General Knox, his old comrade
in arms, Secretary of War ; General Jackson
was assisted by Major Donaldson; General
Taylor by his son'-itt law, Colonel Bliss, and
President Johnson, by lour officers ot the
Army, detailed for service at the White House.
When General Giant, took possession of the
White House it was patrolled by sentinels day
andii'glit; so was the War Department; so was
the residence of Mr. Seward. The first night
General Grant slept at the President's House,
after retiring, he heard the tramp of soldiers
in the hall below, and presently the command,
''Halt; order arms," aud tire crash of mus-
kets on the floor. The General, not knowing
what it meant, ran down stairs to ascertain.
There he found an officer in command ot a
squad of soldiers ; and on asking an explana-
tion, the General was informed that it was
the night guard of the Executive Mansion,
which for a long time bad been stationed there
every night. But General Grant informed the
officer 1 hat he could take care ot himself, and
ordered him to take his soldiers to their quar-
ters. He waited till his armed friends had
left, then locked the door and went to bod.
The next day the whole business of sentinel
service was discontinued, and not a soldier has
been on duty at the White House since. Gen-
eral Giant also ordered away from Washington
all the companies of soldiers which were on
duty here when he was inaugurated; and not
a company of troops caii now be tound in or
around Washington city.
Now, in the light of these facts, let me turn
to the Senator's speech and read what he says
auout the turning of the Executive Mansion
into a military headquarters, it is a fair sam-
ple of the monstrous exaggerations of file
Seti.itoi's speech:
"U.I.KCAL MILITARY KING AT EXUCUT1VK JIANslOM.
" The military spirit which failed in the effort to
sot aside a fundamental iaw an if it were a tr.m-
■sieut order was more suceusstui at the .Exeeu'.ive
Mansion, which ,it once assumed the charai ter o_l'
miiilarj lie,idijiiai teis. To the dishonor ot the civil
service, and m toi.il disregaid of precedent^ tho
President, surrounded himself with oliicers of the
Army, and substituted military loims ior those of
civil'ui'e, detailing ior this service members of his
fate staff"
Allow me to call attention again to this pre-
cise language ; aud here let me repeat that
this Speech ol the Senator from Massachu-
setts is not to be estimated as you would esti-
mate a speech thtown off in the heat of an
extempore debate. This wrath was carefully
distilled ; this speech was prepared with great
and protracted labor.
Here is a deliberate arraignment, and what
is here is either deliberate truth or deliberate
falsehood; one or the other. When he alleges,
as he does here, that "to the dishonor of the
civil service and in total disregard of prece-
dent, the President surrounded himself with
officers of the Army, and substituted military
forms for those of civil life, detailing for this
service members of his late staff," the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts penned, revised, cor-
rected, printed, published, sent to the world a
deliberate truth or a deliberate falsehood.
Which was it? Was there no precedent for
his being served by a few clerks who were
willing to aid him without pay, from mere
personal affection? Did not Andrew Johnson
have four Army officers detailed for service in
the White House? Had not Andrew Johnson
been surrounded with sentinels and the White
House guarded like a military fortress j and in
all the complaints that were made against
