2402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
SURVEY OF RIVERS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the survey of
certain rivers; which was referred to thepom-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
WAGON-ROAD IN WYOMING TERRITORY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous eon-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, iti relation to House bill No.
1512, for the location and construction of a
Government wagon-road from Laramie Cit.y to
Fort Fetter man, in Wyoming Territory; which
was referred to the Committee on the Territo-
ries, and ordered to be printed.
CRIMINAL OASES IN UTAH.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the At-
torney General, in answer to a resolution of the
House of February 21, 1872, in relation to
criminal cases now pending, or brought within
the last year, in the Territory of Utah ; which
was l-eferred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
BLACKB'EIST AND PIEUAN DEPREDATIONS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
claim of Hugh Kuykendall, for depredations
alleged to have been committed in 1869 by the
Blackfeet and Piegan Indians; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
03AGM DEPREDATIONS.
The SPEAKER aho, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre
tary of the Interior, in relation to the claim of
Samuel Bridgman and others for depredations
committed upon their property by the Osage
Indians; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
IMPROVEMENT OF CONNECTICUT 1UVHR.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of February 8, 1872, in relation to the
improvement of the Connecticut river below
Hartford; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
EDUCTION CONTEST N (BLACK VS. WALLS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Mouse
additional papers in the contested election
case of Niblack vs. Walls, from the State of
Florida ; which were referred to the Committee
of Elections.
JOIINM. BAIIEK.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following veto message of the President
of the United States:
To tile House of I'cpresentntivet :
I have received and have taken into consideration
the bill entitled " An act tor the lelief ot the chil-
dren of John M. Biker, decayed." and pursuant to
the duty required ot me by thoCon.stitutioii I return
the same with my objections lo the House ot Repre-
sentatives, in which it origlliated.
The bill proposes to (>:iy luurn of money to the
children of John M. Baker, deceased, late United
States consul at Rio Janeiro, lor services of that
person as acting charg6 d'affaires of the United
States in the year 1834. So lavas it can bo ascer-
tained it is apprehended that tho bill may have
received tho sanction of Congress through some
inadvertenco, for upon inaniry at the proper de-
partment it appears that Mr! Baker never did act
as charge d'affaires of the United States at, Kio
Janeiro, and that ho was not authorized so to act,
but on the contrary was expressly forbidden to enter
into diplomatic correspondence with the Govern-
ment ot Brazil.
The letter of the 8th of February, 'IS.31, a copy of
which is annexed, addressed by William L. Marcy,
then Secretary of State, to James M. Mason, chair-
man of the Committee on l^orei^n Relations of the
Senate, specifies objections to tho claim which it is
believed have not since diminished, and in which I
fully concur.
U. S. GRANT.
WASHINGTON, April 10, IS72.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the message of the President, together with
the accompanying letter, will be referred to
the Committee of -Claims, and ordered to be j
printed.
Mr. BANKS. Ought it not to be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs?
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported
from the Committee of Claims by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Harris.]
Mr. BANKS. Very well; then the subject
should now be referred to that committee.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, re-
ported the following papers back from the
Committee on Commerce, and moved that the
committee be discharged from their further
consideration, and that they be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations:
A letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
relative to the erection of a light-house on the
south end of Block Island ; and
Report of Captain Faunce, of the United
States revenue marine corps, respecting the
establishment of life-saving stations on the
coast of Cape Cod.
The motion was agreed to.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial in respect of a general
reduction of postage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be ptinted.
WIIAltF HROL'ERTY IN NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. SHELDON. I ask unanimous consent
that the House take from the Speaker's table
for consideration at the present time the bill
(S. No. 936) relinquishing certain wharf prop-
orty to the city of New Orleans.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of War and the Secretary of the Navy to
relinquish possession of the wharf and land-
ing now occupied by the Government of the
United States in the city of New Orleans, and
to turn over the same to the authorities of said
city.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the consideration of this bill at the present
time ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. SHELDON. The gentleman will allow
me to say  
Mr. STEVENSON. This bill ought to be
considered by a committee.
Mr. SHELDON. 1 ask, then, that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
object to that.
There being 110 objection, the bill was read
a lirst and second time and referred to the
Committee on Miliiaiy Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be understood that
the bill is not lo be brought back by a motion
to reconsider.
Tho SPEAKER. That will be the under-
standing.
RKCONSIDKKATION OK REFERENCES.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to re-
consider ail references made to-day, and to lay
the motion to reconsider on tho table.
The SPEAKER. That, motion is unneces-
sary. The numerous bills which have been
referred to-day were referred with the explicit
understanding that they should not be brought
back bv a motion to reconsider.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I with-
draw the motion.
GOODS IMPORTED IN A DAMAGED COSDtTION.
Mr. COGHLAN, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish to this House,
at his earliest convenience, a statement of the amount
of drawback paid on goods and merchandise im-
ported in this country at the port of New York in a
damaged condition from the Pacific, from the 1st of
January, 1866, to the 30th of June, 1871.
It nelson gerio.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, presented the fol-
lowing report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. ii. JNo. l£>$)
for tho relief of R. Nelson Gore, having met, sitter
full and free coherence, have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
iollows:
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same. , . , ,
That the Senate recede from their second amend-
ment" CHARLES FOSTER,
W. E. LANSING,
JOHN T. HARRIS,
Managers on the part of the House.
R. E. EENTON.
JAMES W. NYE,
II. G. DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
lbavk Of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Biggs
till next Wednesday ; to Mr. Thomas for live
days from next Monday ; to Mr. Cobb and Mr.
Hill for ten days from next Monday ; to Mr.
Platt for one week; to Mr. Caldwell until
the 26th instant; to Mr. Foster, of Pennsyl
vania, for one week ; to Mr. Barber until next
Tuesday.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers of Thomas H. Mules.
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House papers in the case of J. W. Quinm
Mr. BELL, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House
papers relating to a bill authorizing the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to audit and
pay the claims of cities and towns of New
Hampshire for national bounties advanced.
FRANCIS A GIBBONS.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (S. No. 873) for the relief of
Francis A. Gibbons be taken from the Speak-
er's table and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
There being no objection, the bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, i^oved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISSISSIPPI LEVEES.
Mr. MOREY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Mississippi Levees, sub-
mitted a report which was ordered to be
printed and recommitted, not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The House will meet
to-morrow as in Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union, Mr. Merkiam, of New
York, in the chair, for debate only, no busi-
ness whatever to be transacted.
And then, on motion of Mr. Garfield, ol
Ohio, (at four o'clock and twenty minutes,
p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ACKER: The petition of citizens
of Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, calling atten-
tion to the unfair and partial character of
the laws by which the distillation of whisky
is regulated, complaining of their injustice,
&c., and suggesting changes, and praying for
the passage of an act in compliance with the
suggestions indicated.
By Mr. AMBLER: The memorial of Hall
& Connell, of Steubenville, Ohio, praying to
be indemnified for goods taken from their store
at New Alexandria, Ohio, 111 1803, by the
