4194:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
to be appropriated for the payment of the
Array, to David L. Wright, late captain in
the tiftj-first regiment of Indiana volunteers,
the pay and emoluments of a captain of
infantry, from the 30th day of June, 18G3,
tlx' date of his commission, to the 14th day
of March, 1865, the date of his discharge as a
returned prisoner of war, as if lie had been
miL-iered as captain on the date of his com-
mission, first deducting whatever sum may have
been paid hitn as lieutenant during the same
period.
Mr. COLE. I do not think a bill should
pass ,in that form. Apprppriations for the
Army are made in pursuance of estimates and
for specific objects. The money ought to be
paid out of the Treasury.
Mr. HOWE. If it is, going to lead to de-
bate, I ask that the bill be passed over.
Mr. PRATT. What is the objection of the
Senator from California?
Mr. COLE. That it directs payment to be
made by the Paymaster General of the Array
out of impropriations for the military service.
The appropriations lor the Army are made in
pursuance of estimates and for specific pur-
poses.
Mr. HOWE. It should be directed to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir.
The VIC 14 PRESIDENT. The bill will he
amended by sinking out the words "Paymas-
ter General ol'the Army" and insert " .Secre-
tary of the Treasury" if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred ill.
The bill was ordeied to be engrossed for a
third readiug, was read the third time, and
passed,
ItUFUS M. PICKBL.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up Senate bill
No 403.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 403) for the relief of
Itul'us M. PicUel. It diieets the proper
accounting ollicers of the Treasury Depart-
ment to credit Rufus M. Pickel, late internal
revenue stampngenfc at Mount Pleasant, Iowa,
will) $572 50 in his account, being the value
of revenue stamps mailed to him in the ordin-
ary couise ol business and never received by
him, on be.ng saii'-liod that the stamps were
irrecoverably lost without fault on his part.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
OKOIKIK wrigu'c.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 23;).
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 239) for tha relief of
George Wright.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with an amendment, to strike out all afier the
enacting clause, and to insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That out of any money in tho Treasury of the
United Stales not otherwise appropriated tho Sec-
retary of the Treasury pay to George Wright the
aura of ¥1,500, in futt cousideiation lor the entire
fird! execute suid deposit with tho War Department
a full, sufficient, and legal transfer and license to the
ijovei Eimont to use said linch-pin for Government
purposes, free of all charges or royalty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in- Ihubill was ordered io be engrossed lora
third readiug, read the third time, and passed.
JA.MUS AND EMMA. 8. CAMfihON.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 953.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
| No. 953) to pay James and EmmaS. Cameron
j for property taken and used by the Army
| during the late war was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole,
it appropriates $10,000 to James and Emma
S. Cameron for the use and damage b^ the
Army of the United States during the late war
of their properly, situated near Chattanooga,
Tennessee, now known as Fort Cameron.
The bill was reporied to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
S. E. WARD.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 1142.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 1142) for the relief of S. E. Ward was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for the
payment to S. E. Ward of $445 35, in full of
Ilia claim against tho United Slates for sup-
plies furnished Big Ribs and his party, Sioux
Indians, in October, 18G5, pursuant to the
Special Order No. 22 of General Wheatou,
commanding officer of the district of Nebraska.
The bill was reported lo the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NhVADA TKRUrrOlilAL EXPENSES.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 1089. _
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 1089) to reimburse the State ot' Nevada
for expenses incurred while a Territory in pur-
chase of a prison and in support of United
States courts was read the second time, and
considered as in Ctminiitiee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
$ti0,000, to be received in full payment of all
claims against the United Slates for expenses
incurred by the Territory of Nevada.
The bill was reporied to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reauiug, read the third time,and passed.
MiciiAKL f. Gannett.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate re-
sume the consideration of House bill No. 2040.
Mr. PR A l'T. As that bill will lead to
debale, I wish to take up another case.
Mr. llOWE. Very well.
Mr. Pit A IT. 1 move the reconsideration
of the vote by which the bill (fl. R. No. 1419)
lor tho relief oi Michael P. Gannett was
passed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to;
and the vote ordering the bill to a third read-
ing was reconsidered.
Mr. PRATT. I am satisfied that the com-
mittee committed a mistake in making the
amendment to the bill th.it was made. They
assumed that the hospital money should go to
tlmseamen oftbis vessel rather than t.oMr. Gan-
nett; but [ atn informed by the Senator from
Maine that Mr. Gannett paid the seamen this
hospital money, and that it slionld in equiiy
go 10 him rather than I he seamen.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is undoubt-
edly the fact.
Mr. PRATT. The bill therefore should
pass in the form in which it came from the
House of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Indi-
ana moves to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment was adopted.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment, which was
ia the nature of a substitute to the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The title
will remain as it was originally.
JOHN 3IIL0NE.
Mr. BORE MAN. I am authorized by the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
t.he hill (H. R. No. 2885) for the_ relief of
JohnMilone, postmaster at Uhricksville, Ohio,
to report it back without amendment, aud ask
for its present considers ion.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Who e. proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It direcis Ihe proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury, in settling the
accounts of John Alilone, postmaster at
Uhricksville, Ohio, to allow and credit to him
the sum of $210, the amount of postage-stamps
stolen from bis office by burglars on the night
of October 6, 1808, without fault or neglect
on his part.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
personal explanations.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, on Sat-
urday evening the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Bi.air] made some remarks in regard to the
steamboat bill which seemed to reflect inju-
riously upon me. Coming from a Senator
with whom a long acquaintance had never
been unpleasantly interrupted before, they
surprised me; and under the supposition,
which I may say was shared by Senators
around me, that au affront was intended, I
replied at the time with some warmth. I am
assured now by a friend that the Senator from
Missouri did not refer to me, and did not
intend any imputation or reflection upon me,
and will so state. I therefore wish to with-
draw my remarks, made on the occasion to
which I refer, in regard to the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. BLAIR. I am very glad to embrace
the opportunity now afforded me by the Sen-
ator from New York to say that I had no
intention whatever, in the remarks I made on
Saturday, to allude to the Senator from New
York at all.
theodore adams.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate now
resume the consideration of House bill No.
2040, for the relief of Theodore Adams.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill. It provides for the
payment to Theodore Adams, out of any
money hereafter to be appropriated for that
purpose, of $112,740 70, in full for all claim
under his contracts with the Government of
the United States for the construction of thirty-
eight mortar-boats and eight steam tugs.
The Committee on Claims proposed to
amend the bill so as to make it read :
That there be paid to Theodora Adams, out of
"pt otherwise appropriated, the sum of
S-i'J,242 5b, hi lull for all claim against the Government
of tho United States for the construction of thirty -
eight inortar-boats and eight steam-tugs.
Mr. WRIGHT. I took occasion to say
when this bill was first called up that we
know how apt we are to pass these bills with-
out reflection and without examination, tailing
it for granted that when a bill has passed
through the hands of a committee, and espe-
cially this Committee on Claims of which tho
Senator from Wisconsin is chairman, it must
be right. I therefore almost know that it is ihe
next, thing to idle for me to say anything against
this bill. 1, however, desire the attention of the
Senate to the question I shall present in connec-
tion with it, lor the reason that the amount in-
volved is not so much, in my judgment, as the
principle involved ; and I desire that the Senate
shall settle the question definitely and under-
standing^' upon this case, that we may know
whether, taking it as a precedent, we shall
hereafter pass like claims. I am sure I need
not say that so far as this claim is concerned I
have no kind of feeling, none whatever, as
against the claim. On the contrary, my feel-
ings are most friendly, and I would do him a
kitidly act as readily as any other man I know
of. I desire to say that so far as I am con-
