1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
and \ ice President of the United States in 1852 shall
be equal to the number of Senators and Represent-
atives to which each of said States would be found
entitled by the apportionment under the enumera-
tion of 1850, as provided by the act for taking the
|®venth and subsequent censuses, approved March
MOJ loyvt
That resolution was considered In the Senate
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, which, after investigating it, made a
report, and, as it is very short, I will ask the
Secretary to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the joint rosolution(S. R. No. 22) in relation
to thenumber of electoral votes which each State will
be entitled to in the presidential election of 1852,
made the following report:
" The Constitution provides that' each Stateshall
appoint, in such manner as the Legislature thereof
may direct, a number of electors equal to tho whole
number of Senators and Representatives to whioh
the State may be entitled in tho Congress.'
"The act of Congress of March 1, 1792, passed be-
fore any election of President had been held under
a new apportionment, gives a construction to this
clause of the Constitution in these words: ' Which
electors (of President and Vice President) shall bo
equal to the number of Senators and Representatives
to which the several States may by law be entitled
at the time when the President and Vice President
thus to be chosen should come into office.' The new
apportionment under tho first census took effect
from and after the 3d of March, 1793, (act of 14th
April, 1792.) Accordingly, in 1792, in 1812, and 1832,
the Statesgavo anumber of electoral votes for Presi-
dent and Vice President equal to the number of
their Senators and Representatives respectively,
from and after the 3d of March, 1793, tho 3d of March,
1813, and the_3d of March, 1833; and the act of 1850
having a similar provision to that of 1792, so it must
be in tho next election next fall. That is, thcStates
will vote under the new, and not under the old
apportionment. Under these circumstances, the
committee arc of opinion that no further legislation
on fhe subject is necessary; and therefore report
back the resolution with an amendment, changing
it from a joint to a single resolution. This is dono
by striking the word' joint' out of the title."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state that the
resolution reported by the cammittee subse-
quently passed tho Senate without a division,
after some little discussion was had upon it,
the Senate coming to the conclusion that no
legislative action was necessary, as the act
of 1792 had settled the matter, and if any
question could he settled by legislation and
by a long line of precedents reaching almost a
century, I should think this was settled so as
not to be raised again. The election of 1792, the
election of 1812, the election of 1832, and the
election of 1852, all took place upon an appor-
tionment based upon the census immediately
before; not according to the number of mem-
bers which the House had in the then Congress,
but according to the number it would have in
the Congress when the person elected became
President. I should not have alluded to this
matter at all, but I had heard the question
mooted, and took the trouble to look up the
law upon the subject, so that if there was any
doubt about it, it might, so far as statutes and
the action of Congress and the action of the
people were concerned, be put at rest.
Having explained the two bills, I have no
more to say in reference to them, unless it
should be to answer any question that may be
asked in regard to the tables which have been
prepared. I shall be ready to give any inform-
ation that any Senator may desire so far as
I can from the examination I have given the
subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I agree
with the Senator from Illinois that there can
be no reasonable doubt on the constitutional
point as to the number of presidential elect-
ors that will be elected in each State. It will
be governed by the provisions of this bill when
passed. But it does seem that it would be well
enough to declare that the members elected
under this act shall take their seats on the 4th
of March next. I would avoid all doubt on a
matter of that kind, and declare by the express
provisions of the bill that the number of elect-
ors to be elected this fall shall conform to tho
number of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives under this bill, adding, of course,
the number of Senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has never been
done before.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only allude to it because
in a question of this kind, whioh has to be
acted on by a great number of people without
any opportunity of conference, itiswell enough
to avoid all ambiguity.
But, Mr. President, I am opposed to the
amendments reported by tho Judiciary Com-
mittee. I believe the House of Representa-
tives have passed a bill as nearly perfect as in
the nature of things can be passed on this sub-
ject. The objections to the amendments pro-
posed are radical, and to my mind absolutely
conclusive. The House of Representatives
proposed to increase the number of members
of the House to two hundred and eighty-three.
The number now is two hundred and forty-
three. This bill mainly relates to the number
and organization of the House of Representa-
tives. It does not affect in any way the char-
acter, or organization, or composition of the
Senate of the United States. Bv one provis-
ion of the Constitution of the United States
each House is the judge of the elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members.
It is true that provision does not affect this
question; but from the comity between the
two branches, which has prevailed from the
beginning of the Government to this time, each
House has been left to regulate pretty much
at its own will everything that relates to its own
organization. The regulation of the pay of its
officers, of the pay of its employes, of the num-
ber of its employes, has by courtesy been left
to each House. Thus, when the House of
Representatives increase the number of their
messengers, or the pay of their messengers, or
the pay of their clerks, although it must be
done by law, yet by custom that courtesy is
usually extended to the House. And when
the Senate have heretofore increased the pay
of their employes, the courtesy of acquiescing
in the action of the Senate has always been
extended to us by the House of Representa-
tives.
It is true that this bill is not precisely a bill
of that character, but it bears an intimate
relation to a bill of that character. This bill
does not affect the general public law of the
land except so far as the members of the Elect-
oral College will be increased or diminished
by the apportionment under it; but that is
rather a resulting consequence from a consti-
tutional provision than the immediate effect
of the law. The law intends simply to fix the
number of the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives. Now, is it not wise, and is it not
better to leave to the House of Representa-
atives to fix that number, unless they make
such a gross mistake by their action as to indi-
cate a want of attention and consideration to
the subject-matter ? So it seems to me. There-
fore, unless I can give some good reason for
changing the number of members fixed by the
House, I would abide by their judgment.
But that is not all. In this case we have
this singular anomaly presented : the House
of Representatives two years ago passed a bill
fixing the number of members of the House
of Representatives at two hundred and seventy-
five ; it was debated for days ; the debate was
participated in by the members of the House
generally. It was there a matter of general
interest. The very fact that this bill now is
being considered by less than a quorum of
this body shows that this house is not paying
any attention to thi3 important bill. And why?
Because it does not affect the organization of
the Senate as it does that of the House. In the
House the subject was considered with the
greatest care, reported upon by a select commit-
tee, and debated day after day, and two years
ago the House of Representatives of the last
Congress sent us a bill fixing the number of
members at two hundred and seventy-five.
Now they have reconsidered in another Con-
gress this same subject-matter and fixed the
number of members at two hundred and eighty-
three, showing an agreement and considera-
tion by two separate Houses upon substantially
the same number. How is it with us ?
Two years ago the bill for two hundred and
feIelJjy"five wa* -sent here' and then> lo  "><!
behold! the Judiciary Committee reported that
instead of two hundred and seventy-five, we
ought to have three hundred members of the
House of Representatives, and the bill was
passed in theJjenate in that form with scarcely
any debate, without much consideration, mem-
bers of the Senate feeling, each one for him-
self, that this was a matter that the House
could judge of better than we. The Judiciary
Committee, composed then mainly of the same
gentlemen as now, reported that three hundred
members of the House ought to be elected,
thus increasing the number of the Represent-
tatives of the people. The argument that was
made was, that the more Representatives you
had from the people the more direct would
be the influence of the people on the House.
The large number of the House of Commons
was adduced, the large number of the Cham-
ber of Deputies of France was adduced, and
the argument was employed which has always
been made when the effort has been to increase
the power of the people over the Represent-
atives, that by bringing the Representative to
depend upon a smaller number of constituents
you brought him more directly under the in-
tluence of and under responsibility to those
constituents. Now, however, when the House
of Representatives have practioally sent us the
same bill as before, fixing the number at two
hundred and eighty-three, lo and behold the
Committee on the Judiciary report that only
two hundred and forty-three are nccssary!
With quiet submission to their decision two
years ago, we passed the bill reported by them
to fix the number at three hundred, thus dif-
fering with the House, and leading to the
defeat of that bill. Now we are called upon,
with no consideration and for no sufficient
reason, in a thin Senate, where the subject
does not excite attention, to reduce the num-
ber to two hundred and forty-three.
Mr. President, unless there is some pretty
plausible reason for this change of opinion, 1
think we ought not to follow the Judiciary
Committee on this occasion; but we ought to
make the action of the Senate consistent with
itself, or if we cannot do that and pay duo
attention to the subject-matter by giving it a
patient investigation, we ought to follow the
matured and careful judgment of the House
of Representatives.
My attention is called to this matter more
by its practical effect upon the people of Ohio,
and I say to the Senate now, that if this bill
passes as reported by the J udiciary Com mittee.
the probable effect will be that Ohio will have
no Representatives in the next Congress of the
United States. Why? By the terms of this
bill as reported by the Senate committee,
the number of Representatives from Ohio is
reduced from nineteen to seventeen. We do
not complain of a reduction of representation,
because we have not increased in proportion
to the western States, and therefore cannot
expect to keep our old number of Representa-
tives if the old aggregate number is retained.
We do not complain of that, but we complain
of the effect it will have in another way. It
so happens now that the Senate amendment
will require an imperative reapportionment of
our State, so that without an apportionment
bill passed by the Legislature of Ohio, the
people of Ohio will not be represented in the
House of Representatives of the next Con-
gress. The Legislature of Ohio is now in ses-
sion: and we know that the probability is that
there can be no apportionment bill passed by
the Legislature of Ohio at its present session.
It is true that this is a consideration which
ought not to control the Senate of the United
States or Congress in passing an apportion-
