1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2403
rebel troops under command of John Morgan,
then raiding through that State.
By Mr. BEVERIDGE: The petition_ of
John V. Farwell & Co. and others, against
the extension of Wilson's patent on sewing-
niachin es 
By Mr. BIGBY : The petition of William
Whatley, asking the removal of his political
disabilities.
By Mr. BOLES: The petition of Captain
F. C. Kendall, for compensation for property
destroyed by the Army during the rebellion.
Also, the petiiion of Isabel Jane Richie, of
Crawford county, Arkansas, asking that a pen-
sion be granted her as widow of James A.
Richie, late private companyD, first Arkansas
cavalry.
By Mr. BRAXTON: The petition of H. C.
McCarty, asking to have his political disabili-
ties removed.
By Mr. BUflCHARD: The petition of New
York merchants for reduction of duties on
sugar.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of P. Anderson and 31 others, work-
ers in woolen and iron, of Chelmsford, Massa-
chusetts, remonstrating against a change of
the existing tariff laws abating or abolishing
duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country, and praying for the
repeal of all duties upon tea, coffee. &c.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Alexander
C. Moore and others, of Harrison county,
West Virginia, praying the passage of House
bill No. 1738
By Mr. DUKLL: The petition of George
H. Gilbert, D. 11. Bruce, B. L. Higgi.ns.__ and
82 others, citizens of Syracuse, New York,
praying the passage of a bill allowing totally
and partially disabled soldiers and seamen
increased pensions.
Also, the petition ofErastus 0. Herrick, of
Syracuse, New York, prayingan invalid pen-
sion for services in the war ot 1861.
By Mr. ELY : The petition of workmen of
M. Quenzer, of New York, lor legislation con-
cerning the manufacture of earthenware.
By Mr. HAZELTON, of New Jersey: The
application of citizens of Gloucester county,
New Jersey, asking that the provisions of the
Constitution guaranteeing religious liberty may
be preserved inviolate in their present form.
By Mr. HOAR.: The petition of Henry T.
Cheever and others, of Worcester Massachu-.
setts, for prohibition of sale and manufacture
of intoxicating liquors within the national
jurisdiction. . .
By Mr. PACKER: The memorial^ of citi-
zens of Uarrisburg, Pennsylvania, asking Con-
gress to make an appropriation to the Amer-
ican University, &c., for the blind, signed by
F. C. Brewster, attorney general State ot
Pennsylvania; R. W. Mackey, State treasurer ;
F. Jordan, secretary of State ; J. F. Hart-
raft, auditor general; J. R. Eby, George Berg-
ncr, J. H. Bomberger, J. V. Wickersbam,
State superintendents common schools, and
many others. „
Bv.Mr. WALDEN : The petition ofnuraerous
citizens of Prairie City, Iowa, for an increase
of pensions to pariiaiiy disabled soldieis.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 13, 1872.
The House met at twelve o clock m., Mr.
merkiah in the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D" 1 T i ,
The Clerk having commenced to read the
Journal of yesterday,
Mr. DOX. 1 ask that by unanimous consent
the further reading be dispensed with.
There was 110 objection ; and the limner
reading of the Journal was dispensed with.
ORDER or BUSINESS.
The SPEAIvE R pro tempore. By order of
the House, the session of to day is tor debate
only, as in Committee of the Whole, no busi-
ness to be transacted.
restoration ob' specie! payments.
Mr. MERRICK. Mr. Speaker, I do not
propose to detain the House wiih reading the
remarks which I have prepared for thi s occasion
on the restoration of specie payments, but I will
merely ask that they be printed as if they had
been delivered.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
SUPPLEMENTAL CIVIL RIGHTS BILL.
Mr. McHENRY submitted remarks upon the
supplemental civil rights bill, which will be
published in the Appendix.
tennessee public buildings.
Mr. GOLLADAY. Mr. Speaker, I avail my-
self of the opportunity now presented to say a
few words in behalf of a proposition now pend-
ing before Congress, which 1 had the honor of
introducing, and which asks an appropriation
for the construction of suitable buildings in
Nashville, the capital of Tennessee, for the
accommodation of the courts, customs, post
office, pension, internal revenue, and other
necessary offices in our midst of the great Gov-
ernment of the United States. Indeed, when
reflecting over the proposition and considering
what has been done on this subject in other
States and at other points, I am astonished that
this measure of justice and ntcessity has been
so long deiajed and denied to one of the oldest
aud most honored capitals in the Union ; lor
Tennessee has been a State since 1796, and
was the third added under the immortal com-
pact fashioned by the original thirteen, Ken-
tucky and Vermont being but little in advance.
I trust, sir, we have now readied a period
of time when something reasonable and just
will bo done in behalf of our growing, beau-
tiful, and thriving capital; a capital famous
m the national history of the country, and at
which are buried two of our most illustrious
Presidents, Andrew Jackson and James Knox
Polk, pure and incorruptible statesmen. It is
high time the Government should be in our
midst with its temple of justice, and with
suitable buildings adapted to the wants and
commercial-interests of our people. \V e sin-
cerely hope we are to be no longer neglected.
We are a pant of the great Federal Union,
and we are so in spite of storm and war, and
we hope so to remain under the Constitution
of our fathers for all coming time. We need,
we -want and require the emblems and sub-
stance of our common Government in our
midst, perpetually reminding us we are the
worthy and remembered children of a great
Republic. Such peaceful evidences, substan-
tial and useful in their character, would be
worth far more to us than all your martial
laws and soldiery to enforce, for they would
be emblems of nationality, and substantial
indications of growth, thrift, worth, and of a
care on the part of the General Government,
teaching us to forget unhappy memories of
war, waste, and ruin.
We ask and demand, as a child put upon lite
may ask and demand of parental love and
care that which it is able and ought of right to
grant. We are entitled by every showing of
wealth, population, growth, and commerce,
and we leally are much in need ot what we are
asking—public buildings of the United States
in our capital. The dignity of this great Gov-
ernment,"its absolute business wants, and our
necessities, all appeal to the Congress to re-
member the interests of a Statewhich has here-
tofore received the merest pittance: a btate
which has furnished three Presidents of the
eighteen who have presided over the uesthiy
of tins great Republ.c, and has given two uis-
tuiguisbed Speakers ot the House ot Repre-^
setftatives, aud four of whose sons were called
to grace aud honor, Cabinet ollices, to_ say
nothing of a roil-call of honored and national
names in other fields.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not ask this appro-
priation because Nashville has great names and
illustrious tombs, nor altogether because she is
the great focal point midway between the north
and south limits of the Union. Neither Mount
Vernon, Monticello, Marshfield, Ashland, or
the Hermitage, are entitled to public build-
ings because they are classic spots of earth,
for, without such evidences, they must ever be
" the Delphic vales, the Palestines, the Mec-
cas of the mind." No, sir, I ask the passage
of this bill in the name and interests ot com-
merce, business, necessity, and merit. The
Government of the United States to-day holds
her courts, collects her customs, assesses
aud receives her internal revenues, pays out
her pensions to sons she loved in our capital,
and yet owns not a building to shelter the
heads of her officers. Her courts are held
alone by the courtesy of our Legislature
within the walls of our own beautiful capital,
while for all her other necessities she rents
from year to year as a thriftless tenant with
no ambition to become his own landlord.
In rented buildings she assesses and collects
her revenues and customs; in rented buildings
she manages one of the largest distributing
post offices in the South, and in rented build-
ings she settles with her pensioners, objects
of love in every Government; while for the
conducting of her courts, filled with many
important causes, she sponges from year to
year upon the politeness and courtesy of our
Legislature. The revenues collected by the
General Government in the Nashville district
for one year would be ample to erect a struc-
ture creditable and useful alike, and filling all
wants, and yet leave a large surplus for the
Treasury. From the internal revenue she
gathers upward of 3325,000; fiom customs,
$80,000, to say nothing of §40,000 realized
from sale of stamps and from other sources,
amounts not known, making a grand total of
near five hundred thousand dollars. 1 he
designs and plan ot a building adapted to all
the wants of the Government have been made
by the architect of the Treasury Department,
Hon. Mr. Mullett, who was sent a year or two
ago into our midst for this business, and the
whole cost will be $876,000.
We have had some legislation on the part
of Congress, which resulted in providing us
with splendid grounds for the buildings, and
which grounds, costing $20,000, are now worth
$50,000. In the year 1856 a bill passed Con-
gress appropriating 595,000. (See Statutes-
at Large for 1855, 1859, page 95, section eight-
een.) Out of this sum a lot was purchased
on the 17th of February, 1857, but no work was
ever undertaken. Looking to the grovvth of
this city, and its business demands, it was
determined that the lot was inadequate lor
the purpose sought, and so, by a resolution
of Congress approved February 24, 1S70, the
first site was exchanged in June, 18<0, under
the supervision and approbation ot the becre-
tary of the Treasury, for one larger and better
adapted for public buildings, so that we i,ov^
have, at a cost of §20,000, a lot one hundred
and sixty-five leet square, with a protecting
alley of some fifteen Sect. It was decided by
the powers that be, after the close of the war,
that the remainder of the appropriation or
$95,000 had lapsed, under a resolution ot Con-
gress passed in 1866, and so nothing has been
accomplished in the way of buddings. ur
iug the last Congress (Forty hirst) this prop-
osition received the favorable consideration
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and he rec-
ommended the appropriation then asked lor
this enterprise, as did the committee having
the auestion before them. An appropi latiou
of some $80,000, which had been pm on the
deficiency bill, was m some fit of economj,
(and a most improper one,) about the lustdaj
of Congress struck out ; and now we uie here
again, urging and pressing for an act ofjustico
and necessity to our people and section.
Mr. Speaker, something over thirty mil-
