560
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Juno 3,
Senate.
Soles of Arms to French Agents—Mr'. Gar Renter.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
He makes Mr. Stanton say "I know General
Grant better than any other person in the
country can know him. It was my duty to
study him when I saw him and when I did
not see him," &c. And he makes him say
"that he was not consulted about the nomin-
ation " of General Grant for the Presidency,
and that in the speeches which he (Stanton)
made during the campaign he never intro-
duced the name of General Grant.
The Senator from Massachusetts has been
very unfortunate in ail this business. He
waded into this investigation chin deep upon
the strength of letters of very eminent individ-
uals, whose names he refused to disclose, and
whose testimony, therefore, we could not ob-
tain. But upon this occasion he evidently
intended to support his charge against Gen-
eral Grant by witnesses who could not be
callcd to impeach him. So he violated all the
delicacies of friendship and invaded the sanc-
tuary of the grave and called lidwin M. Stan-
ton back to bear testimony against the Presi-
dent of the United States. Sir, it is a little
difficult to keep strictly within parliamentary
decorum and say what ought to be said on such
an occasion. I shall attempt to do it, and I
hope I shall succeed.
In the first place, I am speaking to men who
will know whether I am right or wrong in what
I say; and 1 assert that if Mr. Stanton made
that declaration to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts under the circumstances detailed by
him, if there is a word of substantial truth in
that whole paragraph, if it be not an infamous
fabrication from first to last, then Mr Stanton
was the most double faced and dishonest man
that ever lived; and 1 call upon Senators
around me to bear testimony upon this point.
There wcie accidents brought me to know
Mr. Stanton very well. I came here to attend
to an important lawsuit, occupied a room in
the War Department, and for several months
saw Mr. Stanton daily. I went to the Supreme
Court in the morning at eleven o'clock to
watch the progress of its business, and 1 was
at leisure for the rest of the day. I was much
of the time at. the Department, and therefore
frequently with him. lie was at that time, as
you all know, imprisoned in the Department
in consequence of troubles with the President,
and he used to come into my room to sinoke
and often invited me to walk with him. In
the course of our conversations I heard him
refer to General Giant a hundred times, and
never but with the highest respect and the
kindest feeling.
I eaine here a Senator at the session at
which Mr. Stanton died anil was frequently
at his house dining Jiis last illness. I saw
him just before he died, under circumstances
which gave me an opportunity to know more
than I should otheiwise have known of his
ft-eling towaid General Grant. I had charge
for the first time in my life of a bill in the Sen-
ate, the bill which we passed for the recon-
struction of the Legislature of Georgia, after
the colored members had been expelled. , Wo
sat luleat night to pass it. At about, half p. ist
eleven, while in my seal, it occurred to me
soniet hing nily;ht be done t,o insure the appoint-
menr of Mr. Stanton as judue of the Supreme
Court.. Jt had been talked iibout for some
weeks. It bad been expected by many of us,
and vet his nomination did not come. I then
and there drew tip a letter to the President
recommending Mr. Stanton to be appointed
judge of that eouit. 1 took it around this
Chamber and in less than twenty minutes
obtained thirty-sewn signatures of Republican
Senators. That was Fuday night, and before
leaving the Senate Chamber I agreed with the
Senator fiom Michigan [Mr. Chandler] to
meet me at the White House the following
morning, Satuiday, at ten o'clock, to present
tha leitci' to the President.
The next morning at ten o'clock I rode to
Mr. Stanton's and showed him the letter, and
as he glanced over it the tears started down his
cheeks. He said not a word. He did not
even say, thank you. Witnessing the depth
of his emotion I bowed myself out, telling him
that I was going to present it to the President.
I carried it to the President and found the
Senator from Michigan with the President,
awaiting me. Said the President:
" I am delighted to have that letter; I have de-
sired for weeks to appoint Mr. Stanton to that place,
and yet. in consequence of his having been Secre-
tary of War and so prominent in thereeent political
strife, I have doubted whether it would answer 'to
make him a judge; that indorsement is all I want;
you go to Mr. Stanton's house and tell him his name
will be sent to the Senate on Monday morning."
This was on Saturday. I then drove back
to Mr. Stanton's house and told him what the
President had said. Mr. Stanton's first reply
was: "The kindness of General Grant—it is
perfectly characteristic of him—will do more
to cure me than all the skill of the doctors."
And, sir, I know that in the serious illness
which terminated so disastrously he trequently
had occasion to refer to the course of the Ad-
ministration, to matters that were pending in
Congress, and I do know, and I can testify,
and I hold it to be my solemn duty to testify,
that in all those interviews, from first to last,
from the time I first made his acquaintance
down to the hour of his death, 1 never heard
him say of General Grant anything that was
not of the kindest nature and" of the highest
praise.
My friend from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
reminds me of a difficulty that occurred alter
the name of Mr. Stanton was sent to t.be Sen-
ate. He was appointed to succeed Mr. Justice
Giier who had retired, to take etfect on a
future day, the 1st of February 1 think, that
he might be present, at the decision of some
causes that had been previously argued. Mr.
Stanton's name was sent here; he was con-
firmed by the Senate, and a commission made
out and ready to bo delivered. The President,
then suggested this difficulty: Mr. Justice
Grier still being in office could the commis-
sion be delivered? Thereupon several friends
were consulted by the President, and they
advised him that there was no difficulty oil
that mound ; and thereupon the commission
was sent to Mr. Stanton, to take effect on the
clay when the resignation of Mr. Grier should
take effect. The President continued to call
upon him at his house, day after day, during
his last illness, up to the day of his death, and
followed his remains to the grave.
The circumstances of the appointment of
Mr. Stanton to the place were very rematk-
able. Mr. Justice Grier, an old man full of
honors and full of days, had sent in his resig-
nation or announced his disposition to retire
on a certain day. Mr. Stanton was nominated,
Cunlinned, commissioned, and ready to take
his seat. He was then taken sick, died, and
was buried, all before the 1st, day of February,
and on that day good old Justice Grier le-
turned, took his place on tliebench, and helped
to decide causes after his successor had been
appointed, commissioned, and was dead and
buried. The circumstances show the anxiety
of the President in this matter to do this kindly
act to his friend Stanton ; and I tell you, sir,
what 1 do know and what, no statement could
shake from my belief for one moment, that
there is not one word of truth in the whole
paragraph which has been read from the desk.
In the paragraph quoted from the Senator's
speech, he represents Mr. Stanton as saying
that although in the campaign of 1868 he took
the stump lor the Republican party, he did not
mention the name of General Grant. 1 have
here the report of a speech made by Mr. Stan-
ton at Steubenville, Ohio, where he had for-
merly resided, and I read from it, beiug a
report in the Daily Chronicle of September
27, 1868, as follows :
" Friends and Fellow-Citizens: The time is rap-
idly approaching when you will be called upon to
choose whom you will^ trust with the chief execu-
tive power of this nation for the next four years,
who shall exercise the law-making power as your
Representatives in Congress during the next con-
gressional term. You have never made a choice so
important to yourselves, to your country, and to
mankind; for upon it may rest the choice of peace
or of war, of domestic tranquillity or civil discord,
freedom or slavery, in short of all the blessings that
can follow good government, or the evils that bad
government can inflict upon the human race. At
the last presidential election the country was in the
midst of a bloody war, and had for three years been
struggling in resistance against rebellion. The for-
tune of war was so varied that some patriots began
to feel doubtful as to the result; others were hope-
less. While on the one hand tbe rebels strove in
military power, and, encouraged by sympathetic
league with friends in the northern and western
States, were bold, defiant, and boasted that they
only needed for the final success that their friends
m the northern States would carry the presidential
election, these friends, who had resisted the war at
every stage, were equally bold and confident in their
expectation that their hour of triumph was at hand;
but these hopes and expectations were doomed to
ignominious overthrow at the polls by the election
of Abraham Lincoln, and on the field of battle by
our armies under the command of General Grant.
[Apnlause.]
" Overwhelmed by these disasters, political and
military, the rebels gave upin despair, declared their
cause the 'lost cause,' and humbly sued for life,
liberty, and property, professing to bo deeply grate-
ful for the generous terms that were offered. Of the
causes that led to the rebellion and a justification of
the nation in prosecuting the war, it is needless here
to dwell. They are still fresh in your recollection.
The graves of three hundred thousand patriot sol-
diers slain in battle by the rebels are still green, the
tears of orphans, widows, and bereaved parents still
flow, and the maimed and. wounded soldiers around
us are living memorials of the cruelty of the rebels
in their war against the United States Government.
You will bear in mind, however, that the rebellion
was occasioned by a thirty years'conspiracy of those
whom Mr. Johnson boldly termed the slaveholding
oligarchy of the southern States—an oligarchy based
upon land monopoly and slave labor. This slave-
holding aristocracy thirsted to extend their territory
and political power, and by extending their system
into the free State* to obtain a monopoly of the fer-
tile lands and rich mineralsof those States, and ulti-
mately obtain control of the Government, Expe-
rience has shown that the systems of free labor and
slave labor are hostile, and cannot exist together,
so that the foot-hold of slavery is an impassable bar-
rier to free emigration, and would give to the slave-
holders not only a monopoly of lands, products, and
minerals, but would command all the great channels
of commerce with the Pacific and the nations of the
East, and make them the lichest people on the face
of the globe. This ambitious aim was sternly re-
sisted in the northern States.
"Mindful of the fortune of war, and fearful of
delay, the first election of Mr. Lincoln was deemed
by the slaveholders a fitting occasion for the out-
break of this rebellion. On the day after the presi-
dential election the flag or the United States was
hauled down and the Palmetto flag run up m
Charleston. Conventions tor secession were called
in ail the slaveholding States, and very soon ten
States organized a so-called confederate govern-
ment. hostile to the Government of the United
States, at Montgomery, and transferred its capital
to Richmond. Immediately afterward forts, arsenals,
magazines, arms, ammunition, ship-yards, ships of
war, and the public money were seized and con-
verted to the purposes.of the rebels. The naviga-
tion of the Ohio and of the Potomac were closed.
Northern men and northern women were impris-
oned or banished. The slaveholding States' armies
were levied. The forts and troops of the United
States were besieged, bombarded, and captured,
and the capital of the naison at Washington was
beleaguered and threatened by a hostile force.
" In cms condition oi things the first troops were
called out in defense of this nation, and the first war
loan negotiated; and for every life that has been
lost, every drop of biood that has been expended,
every dollar that has been laid out, evory bond or
note that has been issued, every tax that has been
collected, the slaveholding aristocracy are respons-
ible. 'Ihey and their sympathisers in the northern
and western States urged them to hold on, to carry
ou the war until they could obtain control of the
Government at the next presidential election. The
measures of Mr, Lincoln to defend the Government
received the highest sanction. The Governors and
Legislatures of loyal States vied with each other in
urging enlistments. Congress at its first sesbion voted
an army of five hundred thousand men and §500,-
000,000 to support them. The people flocked from
then homes ^>y thousands and thousands to join the
Army. The soldiers in every camp from the Missis-
sippi to the llapulan, from every corps brigade,
regiment, arid company, shouted to tueir brethren
at home to stand ny the Government and rally round
the flag.
'* These measures of defense were not without
