612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
ment bill; but yet it does control my action,
and compels mo to call the attention of the
Senate to the practical effect of this bill if it
shall be passed. The House of Represent-
atives, where the matter has been carefully
matured and considered, have looked on the
subject as it effects every constituency ; and
the Representatives of Ohio there carefully
looked to it to see that a bill was provided
which, under the circumstances that exist,
will give to Ohio its fair and no more than
its fair representation in the next Congress,
What is the provision here made? We are
reduced from nineteen to seventeen by the
amendment of the Judiciary Committee. Sup-
fose that on account of the state of facts that
shall mention in a little while the Legislature
of Ohio should fail to pass an apportionment
bill this winter, for it must be done this winter,
how can any Representative bo elected from
the State of Ohio for the next Congress? It
cannot be done. We have now nineteen
Representatives, and the existing State appor-
tionment is made on the basis of nineteen
members; but if the number is reduced to
seventeen we cannot elect at all unless tho
Legislature of Ohio is coerced by the provis-
ions of this bill into making an apportionment
of the State. On the other hand, if the House
bill should prevail, and our numbor should bo
increased to twenty, making one additional to
our present number, then by the provisions of
the House bill the present apportionment will
continue until a new apportionment is made,
and the increased member given to the State
of Ohio will be elected ou general ticket. And
what is true of Ohio is true of several other
States.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Of Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now let us look at it.
I am myself honestly in favor of the Legisla-
ture of Ohio meoting together, and without
regard to political divisions sitting down and
as a mere business matter making a fair divis-
ion of the State into districts, lint what is
the condition of affairs in Ohio? We have a
senate composed of thirty-six members, eight-
een of whom are Democrats and eighteen of
whom are Republicans. Iiy the provisions of
our constitution the Lieutenant Governor has
no casting vote on thepassago of a bill, although
he lias on every other question where there is
a tie between the antagonistic parties. It is
claimed by leading lawyers, and is probably
the correct construction, that under the con-
stitution of Ohio it requires a majority of the
members elected to each body to pass a law ;
so that unless the Lieutenant Governor can be
construed to be a member of the senate itself,
uis vote cannot pass a law in Ohio in case
there is an equal division.
In the passage of an apportionment or dis-
tricting law in a State there are many difficul-
ties from tho nature of the topic. There are
local troubles, local controversies, local jeal-
ousies, local divisions; there are strifes of
candidates of both parties; there are inter-
ested views always to be represented in mak-
ing suuh a bill. Then, behind all that, is the
great division into political parties; and it is
therefore almost impossible to frame a bill
that even one party can agree upon, much
less to pass a bill where the two parties are
equally divided in the senate of a State. The
practical effect will be, if the Legislature of
Ohio are coerced by the provisions of your
apportionment bill to make a reapportionment
of the State, that in all human probability,
without attributing any fault to either party,
without attributing any wrong to either party,
the Legislature will fail to pass such a bill,
so that my State, at least, will be without
representation m the House of Representa-
tives at the next Congress-; and other States
are in the same condition.
Is it not better, then, to follow the carefully-
considered House bill, which has looked to all
those possible contingencies, and has made
provisions to guard against every possible con-
tingency of that kind, rather than to adopt a
new and. hastily-considered measure, because
I must eall it so when the Judiciary Committee
has changed its mind within a year or two on
the subject? Is it not better to follow the
House of Representatives on a question which
they have carefully considered, and in which
each member there has an individual interest?
It seems to me that it is clear that under those
circumstances we ought not to make this rad-
ical change %vithout having some very strong
reason l'or it.
Mr. President, there are one or two other
objections to this billwhieh I will state, and
then submit the matter to the Senate as far as
I am concerned. The second section, which
is the House section unaltered by the com-
mittee, provides:
That in the election of Representatives to the
Forty-Third Congress in any State which by this
law is given an increased number of Representa-
tives the additional Representative or Representa-
tives allowed to such State may bo elected by the
State at large, and the other Representatives to
whioh tho State is entitled by tho districts as now
proscribed by law in said State, unless tho Legisla-
ture of said State shall otherwise provide before the
time fixed by law for tho election of Representatives
therein.
That provision, according to tho House bill,
has somothing to operato upon, bocause very
many of the States have an increased number
of Representatives by it; but under the Senate
bill it has no States to operate upon except
throe or four. Only four States, I believe,
have an increased representation by it, and
it would operate in their favor, while that pro-
vision intended to guard against a probable
contingency' would operate under the House
bill upon something like seventeen or eighteen
States—perhaps my friend from Vermont can
tell me the number. 1 think at least sixteen
or seventeen States get increased representa-
tion under tho House bill, while under the
Senate bill but four got increased representa-
tion.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I will state to my colleague
that fourteen get increased representation
under the Senate bill instead of four.
Mr. SHERMAN. Fourteen?
Mr. TIIURMAN. Yes, sir, fourteen. If
my colleague will turn to the tables we have
published, he will see it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The table will show that
there is a gain of fourteen and a loss of four-
teen members by various States. I do not
know that all the States lose the same number.
Mr. THURMAN. The total representation
according to the amendments of the Senate
committee is given iu the fourth column, on
page 0 of the tables printed by order of the
Senate. Then follows the representation in
the present House. Then follows the gain and
loss of each State. My colleague will find that
there is a gain of fourteen members and a los3
of-fourteen on the other side.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I see that fourteen
members are gained by eleven States accord-
ing to that table. Then, instead of four States
gaining, eleven gain by the amendment, while
in the House bill a much larger number of
Slates gain, and this provision, therefore, is
much more extensive and much more benefi-
cial in its effects under the House bill, because
it avoids the possible contingency of a failure
to agree on an apportionment bill in a State
Legislature at this late day.
It must be remembered that the act of 1850
was passed two years before tho apportion-
ment took effect. Tho law of 1850,commonly
known as Mr. Vinton's bill, which originated
in the House of Representatives, and was not
materially changed in the Senate, provided a
permanent rule for the apportionment; but it
gave the States at least two years in which to
make their apportionments. But now, owing
to the delay caused, as I think, by the action
of the Senate two years ago in increasing the j
number fixed by the House bill from two
hundred and seventy five to three hundred,
the States are hurriedly called upon to make
their apportionments right on the eve of a
presidential election with all me excitement
induced by a presidential election ; and if
they fail to agree, then all those States whose
number of Representatives is not increased
are left practically, in fact absolutely, without
representation in the next Congress.
Another thing, Mr. President: the amend-
ment proposed in section three will be a mat-
ter of inconvenience to the people of Ohio,
Indiana, and several of the other States. By
the third section of the House bill the time
for the uniform election of members of Con-
gress is postponed until the Tuesday next after
the first Monday of November in 1876. Those
of us who watched the debate in tho House of
Representatives know the reason of that.
Many of the State constitutions fix the time
for holding their fall elections on the second
Tuesday of October; I believe Kentucky in
August, and in other States thore is a diver-
sity as to the time fixed by the State constitu-
tions for the local elections; and usually, as a
matter of convenience, the election of mem-
bers of Congress occurs at the same period of
time. It so happens that these constitutions
cannot be changed hurriedly. By the pro-
visions of the constitution of Ohio it cannot be
changed for a year or two, and it will probably
now be changed by the action of a convention
callcd by the people of Ohio within a year or
two. Therefore the Houso of Representatives
allowed four years within which the people of
the several States might change their organio
laws so as to conform to the law of Congress fix-
ing a time for the uniform election of members
of the House of Representatives on the same
day in all the States. If now they are suddenly
required to elect members of Congress this fell
on the same day everywhere, what will be the
effect? By the constitution of Ohio it cannot
be changed before that time. An election
occurs on the second Tuesday of October for
State officers and, as the law now is, for mem-
bers of Congress. They will have, therefore,
this fall to mingle the election of their mom-
bers of Congress with the election of presiden-
tial electors ; and two years after that, in 1874,
probably before the constitutions of some of
the States can be altered, they will have two
elections, one in October and one in Novem-
ber. The very carefully-considered provision
of the House bill postpones the operation of
this new provision until a time when the States
can conform their constitutions to it, and it
seems to me that in that the House have acted
wisely.
Then as to the amendment to be called sec-
tion six, what does that do? The honorable
Senator from Illinois read it. It is nothing
but a reenactment of the Constitution of the
United States; that is, that where any man is
deprived of the right to vote at any election
named in article fourteen of the Constitution,
the number of members from that State shall
be ratably decreased. There is tio provis-
ion to carry this into effect. It is nothing
but a naked reenactment of the constitutional
amendment itself. There is no provision made
to carry it out; no provision made to designate
and enumerate and provide for the contingency
pointed out in article fourteen of the Constitu-
tion. If this section is needed at all, it ought
to be accompanied with-detads to carry it into
execution. As it is now, it is simply a reen-
actment of the provisions of the Constitution
without any operative bearing.
Mr. President, I again come back to the
point that this bill has been fully and fairly
considered by the House of Representatives.
Every provision of it is just. Each State is
by it entitled to representation according to
the Constitution of the United States. The
four smaller States are entitled to one mem-
ber. Every State is entitled to a full repre-
