1508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
John Dawson, of Wilmington, North Caro-
lina which was referred to the Committee 011
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed,
CENSUS OF 1860.
Mr. McINTYRE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1861) to author-
ize and require the payment of marshals and
assistant marshals, or their legal represent-
atives, such amounts of money as appear to
be due upon the books or records of the
office for taking the census of 1880; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
donation OS pubijc! lands.
Mr. SLATER. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the
Public Lands, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1297) amend-
atory of an act entitled "An act donating
public lands to the several States and Terri-
tories which may provide colleges for the ben-
efit of agricultural and mechanic arts," passed
July 2, 1862, and acts amendatory thereto.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
present consideration of this bill ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If it does not
give rise to debate and occupy time, I will not
object.
Mr. SLATER. I ask the gentleman to allow
the reading of a letter from the Land Office.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objections, if any, will be in order.
The bill was read. In its first section it pro-
vides that the lands granted to the State of
Oregon for the establishment of an agricul-
tural college by act of Congress of July 2,
1S&2, and acts amendatory thereto, may be
selected by said State from any lands within
said State subjeet to homestead or preemption
entry under the laws of the United Stales;
and in any case where land is selected by the
State, the price of which is fixed bylaw at the
double minimum of $2 50 per acre, such land
shall be counted as double the quantity toward
satisfying the grant. In its sccond section the
bill provides that any such selections already
made by said State, and the lists duly filed in
the proper district land office, be, and the
same are hereby, confirmed, except so far as
they may conflict with any adverse legal right
existing at the passage of this act; provided,
however, that the State shall not receive more
than ninety thousand acres, the quantity
granted by the act of July 2, 1862.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does this
bill come from a committee?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Oregon [Mr. Slatkr] has reported it from the
Committee on the Public Lauds.
Mr, SLATER. It has the unanimous ap-
proval of the Committee on the Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. Uuanimous consent is
required for the consideration of the bill now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will not object,
if it does not give rise to debate.
Mr. HAWLBY. I do not think it will call
forth any debate. The bill merely extends the
time for the selection of the lands.
There being no objection, the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLATER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing of maps.
Mr. HOAR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and referred under the law
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House one thousand reduced copies of the map pre-
pared in the Land Office for the Committee on the
Public Lands, showing the extent of grants of pub-
lic lands which have been made to railroad.-!.
william j. larmier. !
Mr. BOLES, by unanimous consent, from j
the Committee on Indian Affairs, reported ad- !
versely on the petition of William J. Larimer, |
claiming $10,355; and the same was laid on
the table.
national currency.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Banking and
Currency, to report back adversely the bill
(S. No. 588) to amend an act entitled " An
act to provide for the redemption of the three
per cent, temporary loan certificates, and
for an increase of national bank notes," ap-
proved July 12, 1870.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the bill be
read.
The bill was read. It provides that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall redeem and cancel
an amount of three per cent, temporary loan
certificates issued under the acts of March 2,
1867, and July 25,1868, to an amount not ex-
ceeding $3,000,000 per month, in addition to
the amount which he is authorized to redeem
and cancel by virtue of the act to which this
is an amendment; provided that he shall give
notice to the holders thereof, by publication
or otherwise, that ceitain of said certifi-
cates (which shall be designated by number,
date, and amount,) shall cease to bear interest
from and after a day to be designated in such
notice, and that the certificates so designated
shall no longer be available as any portion of
the lawful money reserve in possession of any
national banking association; and after the
day designated in such notice no interest shall
be paid on such certificates, and they shall not
thereafter be counted as a part of the reserve
of any banking association.
Mr. GARBTELD, of Ohio. I am sorry
the gentleman representing the Committee of
Banking and Currency wants this bill laid on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The bill cannot be dis-
cussed on a motion to lay it on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 ask the gen-
tleman not to present it now, for I desire to
submit some suggestions against laying it on
the table when the time comes. I ask him to
withdraw the report now.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman wishes it I am willing to withdraw it.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman from Massachusetts cannot
withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be com-
pelled to sustain the point of order if the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts made this report
by order of his committee.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The re-
port is the unanimous report of the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Do I understand
that when a committee makes a report here,
and when the previous question is not de-
manded, that report is undebatable?
The SPEAKER. The committee can make
any report it sees fit, under the rules of the
House.
Mr. RANDALL. The object is to settle
before the country what Congress means to do
npon this subject.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not under-
stand the rule that the report of a committee,
even though the recommendation of the com-
mittee is that the bill be laid on the table, is
not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will observe that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] under the instruc-
tions of his committee, reports back this bill
adversely. Now, the question may be taken
in several ways. The chairman of the com-
mittee may allow the question to come up
whether the bill shall be read a third time,
but the gentleman from Massachusetts has
chosen to put the question in the shorter
way, on laying upon the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Has not the
chairman of a committee the right to with-
draw a report which is made here by unan-
imous consent of the House? The commit-
tee was not called now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman should
have objected, then, to the reception of the
report; but he did not do that. He has him-
self discussed it, and the report is regularly
before the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I ask the
gentleman to withdraw the motion to lay upon
the table until something can be said upon thi3
subject.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In regard
to that I do not see that I am not in the same
position that I would be in in withdrawing the
bill, having made the motion by order of the
committee.
The SPEAKER.. It is a question of good
faith between the gentleman and his com-
mittee.
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts withdraws the motion, I shall
renew it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There ought to
be something said upon a bill of this import-
ance. I do not believe it would be the senti-
ment of the House to lay it upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That would be tested by
the vote of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman can intro-
duce a new bill if he desires.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Banks receive
interest on $20,000,000 of their reserve, and
this bill, if it passes, will take away that.
Mr. RANDALL. I suppose I may be al-
lowed to state a fact which came to the knowl-
edge of the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, and that is, that the originators of the
bill wanted us to report unfavorably upon it.
Now, under the Jaw authorizing this character
of currency, the Secretary of the Treasury was
authorized to retire three per cent., and the
committee deein that a sufficient contraction
for the present. That is just the state of the
case. And when the case was presented in all
its bearings to the parties who introduced this
bill, they came forward and sought a negative
recommendation from the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency; and that negative recom
mendation, after a full discussion of the bill,
was unanimous.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to
say that while no man is more willing than I
am to do justice to the banks, I have regarded
it as one of the great blots on our banking
system, and one of the great wrongs toward
the whole body of the American people, that
these banks are permitted to hold these three
per cent, certificates upon which they are
receiving interest out of the Treasury, and
to count these certificates as a part of their
reserves—reserves which otherwise they would
be bound to keep in the form of greenbacks
for the redemption of their notes. This bill
provides that these three per cent, certificates
shall be redeemed, and therefore the banks
shall not be permitted to receive interest from
the Treasury for what they wonld be compelled
otherwise to hold in their banks as reserves.
If we lay this bill on the table, then the
banks will continue to draw out of the taxa-
tion of the people three per cent, interest on
$20,000,000 of their reserves. The city
banks, the great central banks of New York,
hold nine tenths of all of these three per cent,
certificates in their vaults. The country
banks do not have them, or bnt a very small
fraction of them, but must keep greenbacks
for reserves, on which, of course, they receive
no interest. But these great central metro-
politan banks hold these three per cent, cer-
tificates as reserves, and beside the advan-
tage of banking facilities which it gives them,
they get three per cent, interest out of the
Treasury. I hope the bill will not be laid on
the table, but that it will be passed.
Mr. RANDALL. In reply to the gentle-
