42d Gong....2d Sess.
Sale* of Arms to French Agents—Mr, Carpenter.
Senate.
opposition, for about the very time that Sherman and
his army were forcing their way over the fortifica-
tions and the uitrenchmonte at Atlanta, tiio conven-
tion at Chicago declared the war to be a failure and
demanded the cessation of hostilities. Tins made a
plain and broad issue, and very soon became tho
great issue of the presidential canvas. The result
was decisive. Twenty-one States, two hundred and
thirteen electoral votes, over twenty-eight million
people, supported the Government. [Applause,]
{The estimate of General Grant upon this result is
jexpressed m the following telegram:
Oxty Point, November 10. 1864—10 30 p. m.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of WUr .•
Enough now seems to be known of who is to hold the
reins of Government for the next four years. Con-
gratulate the President lor this double victory.
[Applause.] The election having passed off auiofly,
with no bloodshed or riot throughout the land, is
a victory worth more to the country than a battle
won. Rebeidom and Europe will consider it so.
U. S. Gil AN T, Lieutenant Genet al
"The people, the army, and the gre'U commayider
thm HUHiaincd the emancip<ition proclamation which
hud brcn issued on the Ifit of January, 1803. Abi.i-
ham Lincoln had struck a blow at the root's of thu ic-
bellion by liberating four million alavtM, .strength-
ening our Army and currying dismiiy into the hearts
of the rebols. [Cheer?!.] The lull effect of this grea t
measure was not appreciated until near the close of
the war; but now, when tho restoiatnm ot slavery
is a cherished hope of those most hostile to the dec
tton of General Grant, it cannot be too well consid-
ered. The wealth and power of tho rebels w«s
mainly in their slaves; th«> were tho producing
and laboring class, and without, their labor the plant-
ations were of little value. By the system of en-
forced, unpaid labor, the rebel master wiw able to
sow his land, gather his*crops, feed and clothehi«
family, and furnish supplies to the army while tho
whole white population should engage in war. It
was thus tliat slavery was soon found to be a mighty
engine of war. more powerful than belonged to any
other people; but it was different in the northern
States. Every Union soldier that left his home to
join theArmy went from the farm, the workshop.or
the manufactory, and diminished the productive
industry of tho State in his absence. The crops were
ungathored and rotted upon the ground. The ham-
mer was silent. The manufactory stood still, lie
had no slave to work to support his fanulyaml to do
his labor for nothing. But the cmandp ition of
slaves changed the position of parties. Tho slaves,
out loose from the plantations, Hooked within our
lines; thousands upon thousands joined our armies
and performed military work. Tho condition of
the war was therefore in some degree equalized,
and this great act of Mr. JUucoln earned dis-
may into tho hearts of rebels and strengthened
the hearts of loyal people. Besides, a lame
and powerful party, who regarded slavery as a
God-forbidden sin and crime, and had boen labor-
ing for yeara to abolish or limit it. fathered new
hope and renewed their strength tobrtng the war to
a close. Three things mainly contributed to over-
throw tho rebellion: first, tho valor of our soldiers
and tho skill of their commanders; second, tho pub-
lic faith and credit, which enabled us to raise money
to support the Army and provide for its wants; and,
third, the emancipation of the slaves, which dimin-
ished their power and gave us strength.
"The credit and good fnith of a State is essential
to its existence, and* they constitute the sinews of its
power. But no Government can exist without credit
sufficientto meet extraordinary emergencies; lor uo
Government can in these times k«e{> money in its
treasury sufficient to carry on a foreign or domestic
war. and construes a great national work like the
Pacific railroad, or meet many of the exigencies
that happen hi the life of a nation. France. Russia,
Austria, Great Britain, Spain, Italy, and the Papal
States ami all the great Powers ol the world, are
compelled to rely upon their credit to meet great
emergencies. This was eminently the case with tho
X'nited States; for when the rebellion biokoout tho
Treasury was empty, its arms and magazines had
been plundered, and there wero no moans to carry
on the war. By the effort of our enemies1 credit
abroad was out off, so that the Government must fall
at the first stroke of rebellion or rely upon the faith
of its people and its domestic credit. Tho govern-
ment belonged to the people, and they were equal
to the emergency.
"By the purchase of bonds and current notes
enough money yras raised to meet tbo exigencies of
tho war, the Treasury was fillod, and there was
little necessity in the Treasury from the beginning
to the end of tho war, and then only for shoct peri-
ods, until a freah appeal could he made, aud thus it
happened that tho public faith and the public credit
became a oorher-stone of the State, and contributed
largely to the.solvation of the Government. When
the war wag over ney andiuapou.' utduties devolved
upon the&Overrfmentj'tbe A'rmy had to be paid, the
pensions provided, and pr&tettion and education
given to the on&janjjhwed slaves, tho right* of citiaens
m all tho rebel btatqs secured, and the Foderalguar-
antee of a repuBftcah form' of government carried
into execution, Immediately upon the meeting of
Congress it devoted itself assiduously to this work-
loans were issued, money raised, tho Army paid as
it was disbanded, while the widows and disabled sol-
diers were liberally pensioned. The Jbreedmen^
Bureau was organised lor the protection of the liber- i
•fcd Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 36.
ated slaves, the civil rights bill was passed to pro-
tect citizens in the loyal States, and measures
adopted to give peace, tranquillity, and republican
government in all the States whose governments had
boon cast off by the rebellion.
"Some of these measures have been carried our,
others, for reasons needless to discuss now, still
remain an unexecuted dead letter, and they will so
remain until General Grant shall be elected Presi-
dent of the (Jolted States. [Great applause.] Grant,
then, stands this day before us the foremost limitary
commander m 1 he world, with peace lor his watch-
word. (Applause.] Why should ho not be elected ?
What reason has any lover of country foruot voting
for him? By his flido stands Schuyler Colfax, who,
by his own energy, good character, aud industry,
advanced from the printing, otlieo to the Speaker's
chair, and for three successive terms has filled that
high ollieo with honor and distinction. Honest and
upright men have been nominated for your Repre-
sentatives in Congress, pledged to stand by Grant
and tho country. Why, then, again X ask, should
he and they not receive your support ? The history
of Grant is known to you and to the world. Edu-
cated at West Point, he served w.ith distinction
through the Mexican war, and when it was ended,
unwilling to be a drone, resigned hi« commission
and outraged m the pursuits of civil life. Leaving
his peaceful pursuits at the commencement ot tho
rebellion, he joined the Army, and soon advanced
lo t ln  rank of major general, commanding an ai my.
After varied and unpoi ta-nt services he moved upon
the enemy's work** atDonolson, and compelled tiien
commander, Buekner. to surrender with eighteen
thousand pnsoners of war. Soon after he grappled
with Beauregard on tho field of Shiloh and drove
him and his routed army fiom tho field. Resolved
to open the navigation of the Mississippi river, he
ran its oattenes, fought and defeated General
Johnston, chased tho rebel General Pomberton into
Vicksburg, and forced him to surrender with thirty
thousand prisoners ol war, [Applause.] Advanced
to command all the armies of tho West, ho fought
and defeated Bragg at Chattanooga, shattered his
army, and duhvored that vast territory from the
hands of the rebels. [Applause.j Advanced still
higher as Lieutenant Geucrul, he changed his i
headquarters to the Potomac, forty days' marching j
and lighting through the Wilderness drove Loo nud 1
his army into Rictiniond. Compelled to evacuate, ]
Lee was chiised to Appomattox Court House, aiui j
forced to surrender himself and his arms and men ;
as prisoners of war, which practically brought the j
rebellion to an end. [Applause.] And now I ;odc j
wh:it reason has any man to vote :ig linst General !
Grant? // * caj t< iru and uita/rity ior civil aihnm- '
intrution were (tj unify int/ie  a*t territory tn
which hi; opctoted, Ji any man among you would
ludo from the boy the musket aud^ knapsack that 1
his fattier cai ried at Douelson, at Vicksburg, upon !
Lookout mountain, thioughout the Wtlderness, bo- |
fore Richmond, at Five Forks, at AppomaioxCouit- |
llouse, and shouldering proudly maiehcd with two i
hundred thousand of his fell >w-soldiors through the |
streets of Washington ami around tho Capital aud
Executive Mansion that he defended with his hlc ;
for year* in the long march, the weari.-onie sicK<\ j
a-nd the storm of battle, let sueh man vote agamst !
General Grant. (Applause.] If there is any man i
among you who would blot from the page of
our history the story ol these great achievements,
let him draw black hoes around them and write
across their face, "Uave uo share m these groat
deeds, for I vote against Grant." [Applause.] I
Is there any man among >ou that would "compel '
tho armies of the Potomac, of the James, of tho
Ohio, of the Cumberland, of tho Tennessee, and ot
tho Gulf, to bo again gathered at the tap of tho
drum and surrendered as prisonorsol war to Loo and
Johnston, Beauregard and Forrest, aud Preston, let
hiui vote against General Grant. (Applsiuse.j If
there is any man among you who has forgotten that
bright summer Sabbath day tho little Monitor, as
she steamed out against tho new sea monster, the
Merrimne. and before noon drove her, shattered and
crippled, to port; if there is auy man who would
have rejoiced to bohold a cannon ball shatter Farra-
gut, as lashed to his m ist ho drove through t ho rebel
floet and pushed them to pieces, let that man vote
against Grant. If any man would have Worden, and
Farr.igui, and Winslow, and all oui great admiials
haul down tho star-spangled banner, never again
to brave tho battle aud thobreeae; if he would see
them slink in shame from their own quarter-decks,
and give up their ships to Maury, and Buohanau,
ami Sernmes, and Moffat, while the confederate bars,
emblems of shivery, flaunt on overyrsea, in, every
State, lot him vote against Grant. Vote early and
vote often* ior if Grant bo elected, this globe shall
disappear from the firui{M)iGnt before tho banner
of tqe United States shall suffer tarnish or
shatnb on the land nor on tho deep. [Applause.J
If there is any man among ybu that would
reverse the orde*' of history; who would bring upon
you a shame and a reproach never before known
among the nations of tbo earth; who would have
the commander of tho United Sta.tes armies deliver
up his swoid and humbly bow before the rebel com-
mander—let that man vote agau^t Grant, but never
again call himself an American cifcizou. [Applause.]
If there is any man whose eyeballs vruild not burn
to behold Lee upon the portico of the Capitol, with
Beauregard, Preston, and Forrest at his side, with a '
confederate army around him, aud, as tne Govern- i
i mont is transferred to them, listen to tho rebel yell i
as it sounds on the field of battle and in tho Ne"w
York convention, [loud cheers,] let such a m s *: vote
against Grant and go to Wasmnigtou on trio -Kb of
March. [Applause.] Why, toon. X repeat, should
any lover of his country vofo agamst Unnr, Col-
tax. and the Republican members ol Congres- ?
"A convention has been ntid m A ew York ami put
in nomiruition opposition candidates—Jiornno £u>-
iflour ;irtd Frank i\ Bi.nr. oe>mour proie.-s '  uiat
he is an unwilling cundidato caugnt up by a winrt-
wuid. tLaugnter and cheer.-.j Blair was put in
nomination by Preston, ot Kentucky, who (ought
for yeara j gain st his country, and the Dornioatn-.i
was seconded by Forrest, ot Fort Pillow, That nom-
ination was received Willi acclamation, ,.ud loo
opposing candidates thus.stand b^Uue jou for jour
choice. The watchword of Grant, as 1 h.ive f  oi, is
peace. Now, what is the watchword of the New
York convention? A few days before the meeting
ot that oouveution. Frank Biair, in a mai.Uoto  o
his friend Brodboad, declared the phutoim wi
which he was willing to stand. It was plain, direct,
aud tho acclamation with which it was m-civtd by
the New York convention proves it to be the real
platform and settled purpose of those who support
tho convention and are voting agamst Grant Tno
substance is: fiist, that tho President shall de*.-l mo
all the reconstruction laws of Congress null and
void; second, that ho shrill compel the Army t>
undo what has been done; third, thsit tho uhii\>
population of the rebel States sh.ui be sulKreU
to organize their own governments; fourth, tuat ttia
talk about gieenbacks and bonds ami gold and;thu
public ex edit and tho public debt is idle talk; filth,
that tho Picsuleut must trample in the dust tho
reconstruction laws passed by Congress.
"This platform admits atid designs to admit no
doubt or equivocation. And what is the true mean-
ing and result? If the reconstruction acts ot Con-
gress may bo declared by the President null and
void, he then becomes a dictator, with tho law
making.powor in hia hands alone. If he may com-
pel the military power to uudo wh it has been done
under and by virtue of acts of Congr-^s, he become^
a military dictator, and all form and semblance of
republican government is lost. If the white popu-
lat ion of the rebel States are to rcoig.inuu their own
governments without reference to the nvotis, i uct ion
nets of Congress, then u is plain to bes'-en tnut the
first act will be the restoration of slavery—tho res-
toration to the rebel power of tho engine with which
it carried on tho war, tho perpetual power and
domination of the aristocracy ot the slave-holding
States—the slave oligarchy—forever in tho South.
"Alter discussing the financial question aud de-
nouncing lopudnuion, ho paid a glowing tribute of
pr>ns« to the bravery of our Army and Navy,
describing tho different marches, battles, naval com-
bats, and victories of the war. He coin hided hi*
sprvch with on eloquent appeal to all loyal people, lo
oil who /in\y<* their country at heart, to work a *idn~
ouxly, to work With ardor, and by the election of (hant
they woufil yive liberty, contentment, and happuwtui to
th*' country fofevvr."
It will thus be seen that tho Senator from
M HRsachusetts, irt the paragraph before quoted
from his speech, represents Mr. Stanton as fal*
sifyingon his death-bed the truth as it appeared
l'rum his previously reported speeches.
In a speech delivered at Philadelphia, just
before the election of General Grant, Mr.
Stanton said ;
" Ladies and Gentlemen, Fellow-citizen# of Phila-
delphia: This mighty concourse, tho largest that my
eyes evor bohold, is significant of two tilings : first,
it is a judgment m favor ol Ulysses S. Grant." *
* * * " Upon the election nextTuesdai. the
:kl of. November, I bohold tho rock of our national
safety; and upon tho triumph ot the banner which
is held in tho hands of Ulysses S, Grant I behold
the victory of tho principles of freedom and of just
government, now, and in all time." * * * *
" Why then, fellow-citizens, havo you this night
passed judgment m favor of Ulysses S. Grunt and
against Horatio Seymour? The first reason is fiom
the persons who put them in nomination before tho
people, and who aro now urging them forward as
candidates for the Presidency of tho United State.-.
They met in New York a short timo asro; and who
were they? Thoy were red-handed rebels, prison-
ers of war to the United States, they and their asso-
ciates. Those are tbo men who put in nomination
Horatio Seymour. Who put in nomination Vh s^cs
S.Grant? The great Republican party that bore
this nation triumphantly through tho war, undue
the Divine blessing, amid tho trials and dangers
and all the vicissitudes of the great war that we
have just passed through, lie was nominated by
tho great Republican party. The first reason, then,
why we should prefer Grant on uext^Tue&day to
Seymour is to be found in the organization and per-
sons who placcd them in nomination, and in those
whom they represent. Grant represents the loyal
heatt of America; Seymour is a traveling agent of
Wade Hampton and Forrest.
** Another reason for your judgment is to be found
in tho merits of the porsous themselvos. in Grant
we behold tho leader of our armies in the path of
victory. [Applause.] In Grant we behold the great
General who. under divine Providence, led our
armies, supported as they were by some of these
who are here before you to-night. The same gallant
