1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3301
These large bounties secured to manufac-
turing corporations should be reduced by our
legislation. The necessities of manufacturing
establishments in the country do not require
such excessive rates.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Illinois whether the rate of
interest upon landed property in the city of
Chicago has not averaged higher than'the
profits of manufacturers, as shown by the
table he has just submitted ?
Mr. BURCHARD. I do not know how
that may be.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. The gentleman
ought to know.
Mr. BURCHARD. I believe that the aver-
age rate for loans upon real estate, taking the
bad investments with the good, has not
equaled the profits of those manufacturers.
There have doubtless been successful specu-
lations in land when men have made large
profits; but there have been other invest-
ments where men have lost largely after pay-
ing their taxes. So that, taking the average,
I do not believe that it will be found that the
profits for that form of investment have been
equal to the dividends of these manufacturiug
corporations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. In regard to
the question of order which has been raised,
I desire to know when it is to be decided?
The CHAIRMAN. There is no question
of order pending.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I _ raise a
point of order. Line twenty-one, reading "on
iron in pigs, six dollars a ton," was left in
the original bill. It was not struck out nor
alluded to in the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] reducing
the rates ten per cent.
Mr. RANDALL. But it was struck out by
the action of the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There is an
error in point of fact. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to it. If there is any doubt,
I move the committee rise in order to put the
Speaker in the chair to ascertain what is the
effect; because if it were not struck out of
the bill the duty on iron and steel stands at
six dollars a ton.
Mr. DAWES. I will state the facts in refer-
ence to this matter. The original draft of the
instructions made by myself, as the House
is aware, somewhat in a hurry at my desk,
included line twenty-one, and the House will
see the language in reference to iron covers
all iron. The intention was to bring all iron
under one reduction of ten per cent., but the
Olerk in the hurry of transcribing, or not being
able to read my handwriting, wrote twenty-
two instead oftwenty-one ; so that in point of
fact the instructions as they were sent to the
Clerk's desk read in the Clerk's handwriting
twenty-two instead of twenty-one. My design
was to call the attention of the House to it it
the question arose and have the correction
made to agree with the copy which was sent
up to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The question is,
what really did the House do ?
Mr. DAWES. It is a fact as has been
stated.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let it be
placed in here, then, pig iron six dollars a ton,
and whoever desires to change that must move
an amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. Then I wish to go back to
the first section and move my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. To conform this to my
amendment which went up to the Clerk's desk
line twenty-one should be inserted here. It
"was a mistake made in tianscribing. If that
line be placed in the bill now, I will move to
strike it out in order to conform to the instruc-
tions of putting all iron at a ten per cent, re-
duction.
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to rise to a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will have to
be governed by the Journal of the House, in-
stead of the memory of any member. Atten-
tion was called to this to day by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] and the Chair
examined the Journal together with the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and it was ascertained that line twenty-one
should be inserted here. Therefore, according
to the Journal, the paragraph in reference to
pig iron should have been inserted in this bill.
Mr. DAWES. If the Clerk will read it now
I will move to strike it out.
The Clerk read as follows:
On iron in pig, six dollars a ton.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike it out, and
on that 1 wish to have the floor for five minutes.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to strike it out just
because it is here by mistake. The intention
was to conform all iron to a general reduction
of ten per cent. But further, I wish to say in
reference to pig iron that two years ago we
took off two dollars a ton, and to reduce pig
iron below any general reduction would be to
single out pig iron for an unusual reduction,
and not to conform it to any general reduction.
My opinion is, and it is the basis of the in-
struction the House adopted, that inasmuch as
we have to make a reduction to reduce revenue,
the easiest and safest way to all businesses con-
cerned in the country is to make it general
and an even reduction on all manufactured
articles. To single out any one, though that
one may in the opinion of some gentlemen
have had unusual protection, to single it out
and make a reduction of twenty per cent,
when all others are reduced only ten percent.,
is to transfer all the capital from that business
into another, and is to frighten all employ-
ment of all labor from that industry to other
industries. If we make our reduction a gen-
eral reduction, affectingali interests, the result
will be very different from what it would be by
making a specific and discriminating reduction
of revenue against any one particular interest.
Mr. BURCHARD. There ought to be a
discrimination where the duty on one particu-
lar article is excessive.
Mr. DAWES. In making a reduction of
$18,000,000, distributed alike among all the
industries of the country, no one industry can
have entailed upon it the disastrous conse-
quences of an excessive importation. Because
the reduction is alike to them all, no^ particu-
lar industry can have its capital or its labor
filled with distrust and driven from it. The
whole will come down gradually and easily
without disaster to the ultimate level. Although
we may not reach that level by this ten per
cent, reduction, yet we provide for their com-
ing to the ultimate level without any disaster,
which would certainly fall upon them if they
were all brought down to a level at once.
That is the theory, and therefore I wish the
House would put pig iron where the instruc-
tions required it to be put, so that it may have
this ten per cent, reduction with the other
indusiries, in addition to the fact^ that two
years ago we took two dollars off it; and^ so
let all these industries have the reduction
together without any conflict between them.
Mr. BANKS. I yield a portion of my time
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Burch-
ard ]
Mr. BURCHARD. I wish to suggest to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that these
reductions belong only to three industries,
manufactures of iron, cotton, and wool, and
in case of one of them, the iron industry, to
only a part of it. But the gentleman says that
he would have this reduction cover all the
industries of the country.
Mr. DAWES. 1 think the gentleman has
not yet understood the philosophy ot the in-
structions. The instructions were to take cer-
tain things out of his bill, and in place of them,
to report this reduction. But the bill is opeu
to amendment, and I give notice that when we
come to the end of the section, where it pro-
perly belongs, I will propose to apply the ten
per cent reduction to other industries, which
it, was not in my power to do by the instruc-
tions.
Mr. BURCHARD. I desire to correct the
gentleman. The only bill I have any claim to
as mine is that which 1 introduced on the
floor of the House and had relet red to the
Committee of Ways and Means. The chair-
man of the committee has overlooked the fact
that the bill which he reported to the House
was the bill of the committee. There was
more in it which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts was responsible for than I was. It
was the bill of a majority which was con-
stantly varying; five or more members voting
for one proposition, and other five voting for
and adopting other propositions ; sometimes,
perhaps, a unanimous vote, sometimes a bare
majority. I should not be ashamed, however,
to assume responsibility for the tariff sections
were I entitled to the sole credit. 1 should not
be ashamed to have them called mine so far as
they go—unfortunately they do not go very far ;
but so far as they go toward reducing the high,
exorbitant, and prohibitory rates in the present
tariff', although leaving lower rates of twenty,
thirty, and even forty per cent, undisturbed,
I am not ashamed to say that 1 favored the
adjustment proposed in the bill originally re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, how much
time have I left ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has two
minutes of his time remaining.
Mr. BANKS. Then I will take another
opportunity to address the Chair. I want to
speak about three minutes.
Mr. KERR. Is it in order now for mo to
move to reduce thisduty to five dollars per ton ?
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment would
be in order.
Mr. KEUR. Then I move to amend the
amendment, by striking out "six" and insert-
ing "five."
As the bill now stands before the House,
Mr. Chairman, it is as the committee framed
it; it is just what the committee intended it
should be. But in my judgment the rate is
not so low as it ought 10 be. if there ever
was a period in the history of our country
when we could afford to reduce the duty on
pig iron and on every oiher form of iron, that
time has certainly now come. All the condi-
tions in our own country, all the conditions
which surround the industries of the wlsolo
world, are most auspicious for the reduc-
tion of duties oil all these gieat commodities,
but especially, and in an eminent degree upon
iron and all the manufactures of iron.
In 1860 the duty on this form of iron was
twenty four per cent,, ad valorem; that is to
say, a specific duty equivalent, to that duty ad
valorem. The duty to-day is equivalent to  
rate of forty-live and a half per cent ad va-
lorem. My authoi-'ty for these two statements
is the certified return of Mr. Edward Young,
the present chief of the Bureau of Statistics.
Mr. DICKEY. Forty five, and a half per
cent, on what price ; the price now or the price
at that time?
Mr. KERR. For.y-five and a half per cent.
ad valorem,.
Mr, DICKEY. On what price? The pres-
ent price?
Mr. KERR. Of course it is not on present
prices. But it, makes no difference what price
it is.
Mr. DICKEY". It is not twelve and a half
per cent, on tlit* present prices.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kctui] litis the floor.
Mr. KERR. 1 assert what the chief of that
bureau certifies tt> me. He makes no excep-
