1372.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1509
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] I wish to
bay that I suppose nobody here who knows
my record in connection with these banks will
charge me with any undue favoritism toward
them, but in the discussion of this question it
became manifest that unless we acted promptly
in relerence to this matter it was calculated
to disturb the entire money markets of the
country.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Disturb Wall I
street money-brokers only. |
Mr. RANDALL. No ; it will disturb all |
our money markets, merchants everywhere.
There was but one sentiment came up to the
committee in reference to this bill. Whenever
the gentleman wants to cut off the abuses of
the banking system, he will have a large task
before him, and I will join him in cutting off
in every direction the rotten branches.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to
make a suggestion. If this bill shall pass, all
that will happen will be that the holders of
the three percent, certificates will deliver them
up to the Treasury and take their greenbacks
and put them right into their vaults as a re-
serve. The question is simply this : will you or
not allow them to receive interest on their
reserves? The Secretary of the Treasury
recommended this bill; it passed the Senate,
and has come over to the House. It is now
proposed to lay it on the table without debate.
Mr. RANDALL. Under the act author-
izing an increase of the circulation to the
extent of $36,000,000, the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to redeem these three
per cent, certificates, which we deemed was
sufficient authority for the purpose. No one
but can see that the trade and industries of
the country are paralyzed, and the legisla-
tion of Congress should be in the direction of
relief.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Bat does not
the gentleman see that every dollar of the
face value of these three per cent, certificates
will be put straight in the hands of their hold-
ers in the form of greenbacks now in the vaults
of the Treasury ? The only difference on earth
will be that it will cut off these banks that now
hold $20,000,000 of these three per cent, cer-
tificates from obtaining interest from t'ho
Treasury for the money they arc required to
hold as reserves.
Mr. RANDALL. These three per cents
are being taken up as fast as circulation is
issued under the thirty-six million dollar act.
Mr. BURCHARD. It is not in circulation,
but in the vaults of the Treasury. This bill
is simply to take it from the vaults of the
Treasury and place it in the vaults of the
hanks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is simply
an exchange, and will save to the Government
three per cent, on every dollar of these cer-
tificates outstanding.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Ohio j
[Mr. Garfield] does not fairly state this mat-
ter. A provision can be put in this bill which !
will effect what he says the bill now provides !
for, a mere exchange and a relief to the peo-
ple to the extent of the three per cent, now
paid to the banks. Let him put in a proviso
that these three per cents now held as a part
of the bank reserve, and therefore substan-
tially part of the volume of currency, shall be
redeemed by a new issue of greenbacks, and
then we shall have no more currency than we
now have ; the banks will have their same
amount of reserve ; the Government will pay
that much less interest; and there will be no
contraction to change values all over the
country.
This bill is a covert means to effect a con-
traction of the currency. It is an attempt to
restore covertly the law which authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to contract the cur-
rency at the rate of $4,000,000 a month, and
which paralyzed every interest and every en-
terprise of the country. That is the question
involved.
Mr. RANDALL. These three per cent, cer-
tificates were originally a loan.
Mr. KELLEY. Exactly.
Mr. RANDALL. And subsequently they
were authorized to be counte'd as part of the
hank reserve.
Mr. KELLEY. But they came to be cur-
rency when they were authorized to be counted
as reserve. If you substitute an additional
volume of greenbacks, equal in amount to
! these certificates, then you can call them in
and get rid of the three per cent, interest.
Mr. RANDALL. If 1 were disposed to act
the part of a partisan in reference to this
question, I should be glad to see the contrac-
tion here proposed. It would not only para-
lyze, but it would deaden the industries of the
country, and I suppose that my party might
profit by- the odium which would thereby fall
upon the party in power. But I have no idea
J of countenancing, for partisan purposes, a
I measure which would so seriously impair the
industries of the country, and so disastrously
affect commerce. In my judgment we are con-
tracting sufficiently now under the thirty-six
million dollar act, and I do not want to see
the sudden contraction which would be the
effect of this bill, because I do not know how
disastrous might be the results.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, would it be in
order to move that this bill be recommitted?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The pending
motion to lay the bill on the table precludes
the motion to recommit, and is undebatable.
This whole debate is proceeding by unanimous
consent.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to say that the pas-
sage of this bill as advocated by the gentleman
from Ohio would contract the currency to the
amount of the three per cent, certificates now
out. I was a little surprised to hear the gen-
tleman from Ohio taking ground against laying
this bill on the table because the bill would give
the banks three per cent, upon their reserve,
when, if I am not mistaken, the gentleman him-
self made an eloquent speech in favor of the
issue of those three per cent, certificates at
the time they were authorized, and when the
objection was that the measure would give the
banks three per cent, upon their reserve. The
opponents of that measure advocated at that
time what I think ought to have been passed—
a proposition substituting greenbacks for the
three per cent, certificates.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My friend from
Maine [Mr. Lyxch] is quite mistaken. While
upon the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency I continually resisted any attempt to
continue what I considered a wrong upon the
Government of the United States.
Mr. LYNCH. It was not while the gentle-
man was chairman of the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency; but when the proposition
for the issue of these three per cent, certifi-
cates first came here, the gentleman himself
advocated and voted for the issue of those
three per cent, certificates.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I voted for the
issue of the three per cent, certificates as a
temporary loan to the Government, to meet
special purposes, in lieu of the proposition that
some member made for the issue of green-
backs. That is what I did.
Mr. LYNOH. Not at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to
say that $20,000,000 are to-day locked up in
the vaults of the Treasury, pledged to the re-
demption of the three per cent, certificates
whenever presented.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, when the three
per cent, certificates were issued, they were
issued to take the place of compound-interest
notes which were held as part of the reserve
of the banks.
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman from
Maine yield to me?
Mr. LYNCH. In a moment.
They were issued in lieu of compound-inter-
est notes which were to be retired. Those
who were in favor of saving interest to the
Government at that time proposed, instead of
issuing three per cent, temporary loan certifi-
cates, that the Government should issue green-
backs. At that time fifty odd-millions of three
per cent, temporary loan certificates were
voted. The gentleman from Ohio is now
using the very argument which was then used
by opponents of the meaure when it was
passed.
Mr. COBURN. I wish to say a word, and
it is this : I will vote against laying the bill
upon the table, because I am in favor of hav-
ing it amended so as to issue " greenbacks "
instead of three per cent, temporary loan cer-
tificates, so that they may go into the reserve
and thus save interest to the Government.
! Let this bill be referred back to the Committee
! on Banking and Currency with instructions to
| so amend it as to substitute " greenbacks"
' for three per cent, temporary loan certificates,
and let them go into the reserve of the banks
which will not call for the payment of any
interest on the part of the Government. It
will not be a contraction of the currency. I
am opposed to layiug the bill upon the table,
wanting it to be referred back again, when the
committee no doubt will amend it as I have
indicated.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to say that I
have always been in favor of issuing "green-
backs '' instead of three per cent, temporary-
loan certificates; I am in favor of it now,
and always have been.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise,
Mr. Speaker, to say a word in reply to the
argument of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield.] He says this money is already
in the Treasury, and the effect of passing the
bill will be to save three per cent, on the
amount thus withdrawn. I would suggest to
my friend, if that be the effect, whether it
' would not be better to use that money to take
up bonds now due and which bear interest at
six per cent.; whether that would not be more
economical to the Government than to with-
draw these certificates which pay interest only
at three per cent? The bill to which this is
an amendment, passed July 12, 1870, provides
that at the end of each month, after the pas-
sage of that act, it shall be the duty of the
Comptroller of the Currency to report to the
Secretary of the Treasury the amount of cir-
culating notes issued under the provisions of
the preceding section, which authorized the
issuing of §51,000,000 increase of bank capi-
tal, and thereupon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury %vas to redeem and cancel an amount of
three per cent, temporary loan certificates
issued under acts of March, 1867, and July,
1868, not less than the amount of circulating
notes withdrawn, &c. The object of this bill
is to increase the amount the Secretary shall
withdraw beyond what is provided in this law.
not to exceed $3,000,000 a month in addition
to what that law provides shall be withdrawn.
The committee were unanimously of the opin-
ion that it was not expedient at this time to
pass this Senate bill. They understood the
Secretary of the Treasury, who had recom-
mended it to the Senate committee, had
changed his views in regard to it, aud now
preferred the bill should not pass.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
97, noes 27.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
on the table ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
navigator islands.
Mr. HOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That th® President of the United States
be, and is hereby, requested to transmit to Congress
any and all correspondence and documents received
by him relating to the application of the inhabit-
