2406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
Moreover, proof of the furnishing such arti-
cles as are provided for is restricted to "the
receipts of the officers taking the same, or
other official evidence, and in the absence
thereof there is required the testimony of some
officer, soldier, or person employed by the
Government personally cognizant of the al-
leged appropriation, detailing in full the cir-
cumstances attendant thereon, and set-ling
forth of his own knowledge the details of the
seizure, the quantities and values, and the use
to which this property was applied, and the
regiment, company, detachment, or other mili-
tary body to the use of which the stores were
appropriated." Numerous claims have been
rejected because of the failure to furnish evi-
dence of this minute and onerous strictness,
and its exaction operates a practical denial
of justice. From the circumstances and na-
ture of the occasion under which much was
taken for and supplied to the Army, this
proof is in many cases unattainable.
Under the southern claims commission the
evidence to establish a claim is such as would
be admitted in a suit in a court of law, or be
reasonably competent between man and man,
and is not confined to official records or the
testimony of those attached to the Army or
Government. The testimony of credible private
citizens is received ; and common experience
and common justice sanction such evidence
as properly admissible, particularly where
official proof is made unusually difficult, from
circumstances caused by the paity making and
benefited by the appropriation, and who had
the power to take without the consent of the
owner, and frequently so exercised it. Can it
be that the Government, afier having exercised
a power of seizure which is denied the private
citizen, will continue to deny common and
reasonable facilities to the sufferer to establish
his claim for compensation? It is not in this
sense, I trust, that it is boasted we have a
strong" Government..
In the nature of the case the emergencies
of the Army often forbade the delay of a
formal requisition, while they equally necessi-
tated an immediate supply of its wants. And
frequently when supplies had been foimally
taken, the sudden movements and numerous
casualties of a campaign prevented the execu-
tion of proper vouchers, or making full olli-
cial returns. The citizen, ignorant ol the
subdivisions of the force, was often unable to
trace up the officer responsible for the taking of
his property, and who could give the necessary
voucher, and access to the camps was always
difficult, at times impossible, and frequently
attended with much personal hazard. Where
proper receipts were not secured the effort to
supply secondary evidence often proved futile
because of the fatalities of'the war, and the dis-
persion to their unknown homes and changing
residence of those in the Anny who were per-
sonally cognizant of the taking of the stores.
The practical difficulties besetting a sufferer,
under the strictness of proof required, must
be apparent, with but little reflection.
The needs, for instance, of an army of a
hundred thousand men in active movement,
for food, fuel, forage, shelter, and transporta-
tion, brooked no delay. After a forced march,
and in the presence of an active enemy—
assailing perhaps the supply trains—bivouack-
ing on its arms for a day, or a night, or a
week, as the case might be, there was little
opportunity for the ''red tape" routine that
might be practicable in ''the piping times of
peace," when morning reports, dress-parades,
and furbishing buttons chiefly consu me the time
and relieve the monotony of garrison duty.
The three memoiable campaigns, with hur-
ried marches, which swept over western Mary-
land like siroccos, almost in the same track,
and were marked by Aniielaui, Jlonocacy,
the menace of the national capital itself', and
Gettysburg, necessarily involved an immense
use ami destruction of private property.
When Lee and JlcClellan or Lee and Meade
were confronting each other, and a Stuart and
a Mosby were charging the flank or inter-
cepting the wagons, was the cavalry with its
jaded horses to sit motionless in their saddles
till fresh ones could be regularly brought or
impressed, and proper receipts given ? Were
the exhausted and famishing infantry to lie
shivering in the gloom on the cold earth till
cord-wood, as known to the regulations, could
be procured from the distant wood-lot, and
vouchers in due form made out? Were the
starving wagon teams to be hitched passively
at the way-side till the owners of adjoining
pasture-fields or convenient hay-stacks could be
hunted up and directed to let down the bars?
If any inexperienced civilian or martinet
can complacently respond in the affirmative,
not so would reply the officers and men who
endured the rigors, wants, and dangers of
active service, and whom you sent to the field.
No; the pressing necessities of the Army re-
quired to be at once supplied, even if the plow
in the field or the farm-team oil the way to
mill were bereft of horses; though fences
furnished the only ready material for light and
fire, or ripening grain fields were the only ready
pasturage.
But as your Army imperatively needed these
things, and appropriated them, yon are bound
to see to it that the damage from these exac-
tions is not borne exclusively by those individ-
uals who chanced to live in the pathway of
your troops or close to their camping grounds,
and whom you should reimburse from the com-
mon Treasury of that Government which these
troops were called out to sustain.
The camping of such an Army as that led
by McClellan or Meade on a farm for even a
day or two sufficed to destroy it. Many a fair
homestead, blooming with beauty, luxuriant
with the coming harvest, and promising a
plenteous return to the toiling owner, was trans-
formed in a night almost into a desert. The
instances are not few in which the destruction
has reduced the proprietors and tenants of
small farms to the verge of poverty; and these
losses have fallen with peculiar hardship on
widows and orphans, wlio required the more
careful husbanding of their small resources to
" make both ends meet." Especially frequent
are such cases of hardship 111 Montgomery
county, which lies within the shadow of the
Dome that covers us, and which should symbol- j
lze the moral rectitude, as well as power, size, 1
and aspirations of this great liepublic. While >
the dusky antipodes of Japan can open the j
band of your bounty in mammoth subsidies,
and the outstretched arms of Ethiopia encircle
you in welcome embrace, let your brethren at
the door at least have justice.
While the hand of war piessed heavily on all
western Maryland, the county of Montgomery
particulary suffered. In 1800 she owned within
her borders five thousand four hundred and
twenty-one slaves, worth $2,-500,000, a prop-
erty in which her people had invested under
the solemn recognition and sanction of the
Constitution, in which instrument New Eng-
land had secured, as one of the conditions of
its adoption, against southern remonstrance,
the extension of the slave trade till 1808.
These $2,500,000 of property, more than
a fourth of her entire wealth, you forcibly
consumed in your holocaust of freedom. For
this she is urging no claim ; but as you lay her
under tribute, stripped as she has been, equally
with other portions of the land, to support the
Government and pay the war debt, see to it
that she suffers, as far as you can effect it,
only her fair proportion of the actual desola-
tions and ravages of the war. Equitably con-
sidered, every exaction from a citizen for
national purposes beyond his distributive
share of the common burden is but the con-
tribution ot a trustee or agent, which the Gov-
ernment, in good conscience, is bound to reim-
burse him.
But further, not only is the relief afforded
by the'act of July 4, 1804, too narrow, first, in
limiting the compensation to such articles
taken by or furnished to the Army as were
appropriated by the authority of an officer;
and secondly, in restricting the proof of such
appropriation to written official evidence, or
the testimony of those attached to the Army
or in the employ of the Government, but it is
grossly inadequate in that it excludes all claims
for supplies that do not come within the defi-
nition, technically, of "quartermaster's stores"
or "subsistence," or are founded on "depre-
dations" or the damage, as such, to property.
Now, it might fairly be contended that upoii
the advent of an army which practically super-
sedes or suspends the ability of the ordinary
civil authorities to maintain law and order and
punish offenders, and renders the citizen pow-
erless to protect his property—-exposing him
indeed to personal danger from straggling
soldiery if lie attempts it—the Government,
which is responsible for the presence of that
army, is responsible for all the consequences
of its acts which the private citizen by no
reasonable precautions or efforts of his own
can prevent.
But, conceding that the Government should
not be held liable for losses from theft and
unauthorized depredations as commonly un-
derstood, or for destiuctiou of property wan-
tonly committed, there still remains a class of
depredations which, while perpetrated with-
out specific orders, and not literally within the
denomination of "quartermaster's stores" or
"subsistence," Were yet committed as much
to meet the necessary wants and exigencies of
the Army, and were as expressly so applied,
as any supplies technically recognized as such.
Examples of this species of depredation are
grain-fields into which cavalrymen and team-
sters turned their famishing horses, and fenc-
ing consumed as fuel for camp-fires. Grow-
ing wheat is not recognized as among " quar-
termaster's stores" or "subsistence;" nor
are fences that have been burned allowed for
except at the marketable rate of cord-wood.
How inadequate such a compensation, to com-
mute say, twenty panels ot post and rail fenc-
ing, worth $1 50 per panel, as a cord of wood
at the price of three dollars ; and yet this is
the rate of compensation which now mocks
the owner who seeks relief lor the destruction
of his inclosures and the laying open of his
farm as a common 1
But not even this meager pittance is avail-
able if the fences were torn down to admit of
free passage for troops, or were used in making
breastworks. And there is further, no relief
whatever where farms have been seamed over
and rendered unfit for husbandry, or even
occupation, by entrenchments and ditches, or
were made the sites of fortifications, as was
particularly the ease in the vicinity of Wash-
ington ; where too, acres upon acres of valua-
ble groves and bodies of timber were felled as
defensive obstructions, oc to clear the view
and prevent surprise.
Another class of meritorious claimants in
Maryland are those interested in and doing
business in connection with the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad, and the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal. These works run beside the Potomac
river, along which the war raged with especial
fury. Every canal boat was liable to seizure
for the transportation of troops and supplies,
and their availability for such uses peculiarly
exposed them to loss and destruction.
Still another class of sufferers not sufficiently
provided for are the owners of churches, sem-
inaries, school-houses, and other buildings that
were occupied as quarters and hospitals for
troops. Tiue, such occupation has been in
instances paid for so far as such use could be
treated as a mere renting. But such a rule
of payment is grossly inadequate ; for it ex-
cludes ftotii the estimate all injury in excess
of oidinary wear and tear, while the buildings
