614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
degree the gross inequalities, the unconstitu-
tional inequalities which the House bill pos-
sesses in the one respect that I have named by
way of example, and in others that might be
named, because it happens if you run op the
divisor from 283 to 300 that the quantum of
each fraction is largely diminished in the first
place, and the accident of the way it would
run gives more equal representation to the
States that are severely treated by the divisor
adopted in the House bill.
For these reasons, I had hoped, as I say, that
the committee would have made the number
three hundred ; but inasmuch as that did not
meet the view of a majority of the Judiciary
Committee, then as an alternative which should
produce a more philosophic division than the
one which the House adopted, and make this
inequality of fractions less unjust and uncon-
stitutional than it was before, I accepted
that which the committee proposed, reduciug
the number to two hundred and forty-three;
but I shall very gladly inde.ed vote, both upon
philosophic considerations and the practical
ones that I have named, in favor of carrying
the number up to three hundred, and thus pro-
viding for a House of Representatives which
will keep some pace with the growing numbers
of the people, and which will be enabled, not-
withstanding this considerable increase from
its present number, still to carry on its busi-
ness and perform its duties to its constituents
without the least diificulty in the world.
There are several other questions which have
been discussed in connection with this bill
which 1 do not wish to take the time of the
Senate at this stage of the debate in going into.
I taay_ just allude in a word to the remark of
my friend from Illinois on the subject, of the
Electoral College. He is quite right in saying
that by the act of 1792 it was declared that
the number of the Electoral College should
depend upon tho number of the incoming
Congress, so to speak, rather than upon the
old one. How that could bo reconciled in the
view of my friend from Illinois with thepower
of Congress to construe tho Constitution, awd to
declare how the Constitution should be carried
out in that respect, to say that it meant one
thing when on tho face of it it might seem to
mcun another, is a question which I must leave
him to consider, and will not consider myself.
Certainly, I have no doubt of the power of
Congress in a case of that character to provide
for the construction which the legislative and
law-making branch of the Government would
put upon it, and which construction, until over-
ruled by some other subsequent Congress or in
some other way, would stand as the guide to
the States in the selection of their presidential
electors.
But certain it is that the men who made the
Constitution—to borrow the phrase of nay
friend—thought that they had the lawful and
constitutional right to declare, in those re-
spects wherein they were called upon to make
laws under it, what it did moan and how it
should be carried out, and they did declare by
the act of 1792 that from that time forth the
meaning of the Constitution should be that
the incoming Representatives, and not the
then Representatives, should be tho guide
under which presidential electors were to be
selected. Had the state of the country been
different at that time from what it was, I have
not_ the least doubt that they would have
decided exactly the other way, according to
what, to my mind, is the plain import of the
language. But it so happened that at that time
there had never been a census of the United
States; and the first Congress therefore was
composed of members taken without any such
enumeration as the Constitution prescribed,
taken by guess, so to speak, upon such esti-
mates as could be made; and when the census
came to be taken it was seen that the then rep-
resentation, although it was immediately after
the Government had started, was enormously
unequal; and in order to correct that practical
evil, and to adjust upon the true theory of the
Constitution the election of electors for the
second election of President of the United
States, they took the matter in hand and
decided (influenced, I have no doubt—and I
think th.e contemporaneous history shows that
to be so—by the practical consideration I have
named) that the true construction of the Con-
stitution should be to base the presidential
election upon the House of Representatives as
fixed under the census then taken, although
they were not the Representatives who at that
moment would be the ones to whom each State
was entitled in Congress. I have no quarrel
to make with that now : it is the law.
Mr. THURMAN. Does not that very fact
strengthen that conclusion, that the Constitu-
tion was rightly interpreted?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think it does,
for the reason that when the Constitution was
adopted in and of itself it does not appear,
and I do not believe the fact was so, that any
of the gentlemen composing the Convention
had in mind the difficulty that might arise in
the next election of President of the United
States under the census to be taken. If they
had, I have no doubt they would have pro-
vided in express terms that the Electorial Col-
lege should be based upon the incoming Con-
gress after the census should have been taken,
and said so in terms, so that there would have
been no question about it. But it is unneces-
sary, perhaps, to dilate upon this, from the
fact, as I understand it, that the act of 1792 is
still in force ; it is tho law of the land, giving
a construction to the Constitution which will
stand until it shall be reversed by some action
of Congress, or by the proper authority, in
whatever way the question may arise.
Mr. FREHNGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I have a word to say to the Senate on this
subject. I should make no remarks upon it
had 1 not, as a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, dissented from the report made by the"
committee. 1 shall vote against their amend-
ment, and in favor of the House bill, unless
some amendments shall be suggested that
commend themselves to my judgment.
I doubt, sir, whether the plan which has
been adopted by the Judiciary Committee,
of giving representation to the small States
of Delaware, Oregon, Nebraska, and Nevada,
is the constitutional mode. The Constitution
provides that representation "shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be
included within this Union according to their
respective numbers."
The true rule under the Constitution is to
divide the representation among all the States,
not among part of them, in proportion to tho
population ascertained by the census, and if
by that rule any State is found not to have a
population that gives one Representative, then
we are to give it ono Representative. But to
set aside certaiu States because they have not
the requisite population, and then divide
the balance of representation among the pop-
ulation of the remaining States, I think is
not according to the Constitution, and is con-
trary to precedent. It is true it happens in
this apportionment that it makes no difference
in the result; but a state of facts might very
readily exist where the result would be changed.
By changing the population to be divided and
the divisor very different results would gen-
erally be obtained. We had better adhere to
the mode pointed out by the Constitution.
I think the House in that regard have adopted
the constitutional method. 1 entirely concur
in the sentiment expressed by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that while it is true we
are not bound by what the House has done,
while we are a component part of the Legis-
lature to fix the representation, still I think
great deference should be paid to the judg-
ment and determination of the House in ref-
erence to this subject. The Constitution pro-
vides that in a good degree they shall be the
exclusive judges of privileges and elections,
and -this is a cognate subject, and I should
want some good reason given me for depart-
ing from the judgment which the House has
formed. I would take the bill as it comes from
them as prima facie correct unless good rea-
sons were shown to the contrary.
Mr. President, I have looked for those rea-
sons. It would be idle and also improper
for us to shut our eyes to the facts that sur-
round us. We are on the eve of a presidential
election. We cannot ignore the fact that we
are by this bill fixing the number of electors
for that election, and we ought to see whether
in that fact there is any reason why we should
depart from the bill the House has presented
to us; and I would commend to Senators, as
light is always desirable, a comparison of the
House bill with the Senate bill, that they may
see to what States the forty additional mem-
bers given by the House bill, and dispensed
with by the Senate bill, would be apportioned.
They will find the result is that twenty-eight
of the forty will go to States that support
the principles of the Republican party, seven
to States that are opposed to the dominant
party of the country, and five go to States
which are of doubtful sentiment. I fail to dis-
cover in that fact any reason why we should
reject the bill of the House and adopt the
Senate amendment. I shall certainly not be
in favor of making the proposed change in the
House bill in view of the important effect it
has on the Electoral College.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I stated a
few moments ago that I should move to strike
out the third section of this bill as it came from
the House. On a closer examination, I shall
content myself with resisting the amendments
proposed by the Judiciary Committee; and I
desire to present to the Senate this considera-
tion : that if those amendments are adopted,
so far as Indiana is concerned, there will prob-
ably be no election for members of Congress
in that State this year; that there can be no
election for members of Congress in Indiana,
unless the Governor shall call the Legislature
in special session, and they shall provide the
machinery for holding an election in November.
The constitution of the State provides for hold-
ing the election for our State officers on the
second Tuesday in October. The law of In-
diana provides for electing members of Con-
gress at the same time and at the same polls,
the votes being deposited in the same box.
The law of Indiana provides all the machinery
necessary for electing members of Congress on
the second Tuesday in October, but there is no
law of Indiana under which polls can be opened
or an election held or the votes counted for
members of Congress in the month of November
next.
There is no doubt that it is competent for
Congress to fix a uniform time for holding the
election of Representatives, and it is compe-
tent for Congress to go on and make all the
provisions for holding that election, provide
all the necessary machinery for holding the
election; but this bill does not do that. It
leaves to the State the provision of all the ma-
chinery necessary^ for electing members of
Congress. There is no law of Congress under
which polls can be opened either in the month
of November or at any other time in the State
of Indiana for electing a member of Congress.
All that is left to the State. The State of
Indiana has provided for doing that on the
second Tuesday of October, but there is no
provision of law under which we can vote for
members of Congress in November. Conse-
quently the adoption of the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on the Judiciary will
prevent us from holding an election unless the
Governor of Indiana shall convene our Legis-
lature in extra session and they shall make the
necessary provision for electing members of
Congress in the month of November.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same may be said;
probably, of Vermont, for although our Legis
lature meets, it is so close to the 1st of Novem
