4198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
case is taken by appeal to the Supreme Court
ot' the United States, and tliey do not pretend
to decide on the merits ot' the case. They talk
about the wise, it is true; but, the decision, us
may be seen by reference to 7 Wallace, was
based on a technicality. They claim tbat he
was hound by the decision of the commission
et St. Louis. They say, as has been read here,
that he voluntarily submitted to that board,
which was subsequently controverted ; but the
first decision was made upon that single ground
alone. Afterward lie applied to the couitto
be allowed to show tbat that was not true, and
subsequently the court held, as has been read,
that the mere fact of addressing this letter to
the commission made him such a party to that
proceeding as to bind him by the decision of
the commissioners.
It may be that it whs an indiscretion in
Mr. Adams to write that note, bu< finding that
the commission was going to do him injustice
he addressed them the note. Remember, that
was a tiibunal not authorized by law, merely
a set of commissioners sent out by the Secie-
tary of War to take imo consideration claims
wiiliin the western military department. Tliey
tool: this claim into eons dera'ion, and he upon
that addressed them th s note, perhaps indis-
creeily, and thereiore he is io be cut off from
the money i hat otherwise would have been due
him by ihe. Government. Why, sir, this com
mission intd no jurisdiction of him. It was not
one of tho.-e triounals that are recognized any-
where in any statuteof ihe countiy, and 1 can-
not imiigiiie how he is to he bound by their
fiction unless the court regard thein as arbitra-
tors. lfiven iu that light they were not arbi-
trators. Ue never agreed to it. To make an
arbitration binding the parties must agree to
the ariiination. But then, I suppose, the
court claim that inasmuch as he addressed
this note to these commissioners he has made
htmscll apiuty to ihe proceeding, and there-
fore iliey tn-came, as between liim and the
Government iirbitr&'ors. For one, here in
my position as a Senator, I am not willing for
this Government to get rid ol its fair contractu
Upon ditch a mere technicality as tuis.
1 know n is said that if we pass ihis bill we
are about to upset a decision of the Supreme
Court, and ihai we are to make, a precedent
that may be follow d m the lutuie to ihe gieat
detiiment of the Government. 1 lliink not. ll
the Supreme Couit had taken this ease imo
consideration on ils merits, had decided even
the oilier question which has been spoken of
here, that. Mr. Adams had received according
to the evidence what was faii iy and justly due
him upon a quantum meruit, then it might
have lieen regarucd as a precedent; but they
just held that he had no right, to come into
cuurt at nil because he happened to addie.-s
this note to ihosc commissioners.
Now, sir, 1 unOerstuud that the House of
Representatives have passed a bill allowing
him $112,000. If so, 1 move that that bill
be suOBtitu.ed for this, and 1 wish to test ihe
sense of the Senate upon it. I think it but
an act ol justice. This gentleman made a
contract winch it is admitted lie fultilled to
the letter; he made ihese boats m every
particular as he was required, thete was no
detect in them whatsoever; and now I wish
to see whether the Senate is willing to pay
him his contract price.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
House bill that, is now before the Senate.
Mr. BOREMAN. Then i move to amend.
_ The PRESIDING O KMC lilt. Does the
Senator want the amendment of the committee
non-concurred io ?
Sir. FREL1NGHDYSEN. I should like
to ask the Senator what award the board made
hiiu '1
Mr. BOREMAM. He has received what
he has been allowed, as was stated by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, and X believe by
die Senator from iowa.
Mr. FREUNGHUYSEN. Some • ninety
thousand dollars?
Mr. BOREMAN. I think it was.
Mr. SCO I'T. I will state to the Senator
from New Jersey that th« account presented
by Mr. Adams for building the thirty eight
mortar-boats was $313 500. Upon that ac-
count he has received $>75 000at. one time and
$55,000 at another, making $130,000, leaving
a balance due him of $183,500 tor the mortar-
boats. and on that the commissioners allowed
him $75,959. For the tug-boars his account
was $84,400, upon which he had before that
received $9,000, leaving a balance of $25,400,
and they allowed him $20,196. This $112,000
allowed him by the Court of Claims was the
balance of his contract price.
Mr.. FRELlNGHUYSEN. Why was it
that the board did not allow him the full
amount?
Mr. SCOTT. For the reason that they
received testimony ex parte, that testimony
showing what the boats might be built for
under ordmaty circumstances; whereas he
built them working his hands day and night,
atid on Sunday, to get them ready within the
time thev were required to be teady.
Mr, PRATT. Mr, President, I have hot,
examined this case with the same care wii|i
which it h-s been examined by the Sen-
ators who have addressed the Senate; but
I was present in committee at the lime the
claim was' under consideration, and my rec'-
ollection is that there were two difficulties
in the way. In the first place, there Was
no contract entered into with the Govern-
ment, in pursuance of the act of Congress upon
that subject; that is to snv, this contract, had
not. been entered into by any person designated
by the law as capable ot binding the Govern-
ment with Mr. Adams. If T am incorrect in
this statement, the Senator fiom Pennsylvania
will correct me; but that, is my recollection.
In the next place, this matter having been
submitted by the. claimant io the Court of
Claims and the decision having been appealed
from by the Government., and the judgment
ot that, court reversed by the Supreme Couit
the < lHimaut. was out of court, lie had songlii
the tribunal designated by the law lor the pur-
pose of manifesting and asserting his claim
egainst the Government, and he had failed,
laded in ihe Supreme Court of the United
Stales, wh.eh determined that under the law
he had no valid claim against i he Government..
That, is the attitude ol the case. These are
the circumstances under which Mr. Adams
came le fore Congress.
My recollection is that, the committee ascer-
tained that ihe amount, mentioned in this bill,
$39,000, was i he amount t hat. would compensate
Mr. Adams for his outlays, for monty and
sci vices expended m biiildnis the mortar boats
and tug boa's. The $112 000 awarded to him
by the Court of C'aiins was ihe amount which
he claimed, as I understand, under this in-
formal contract with the Government, and
which after being allowed by the Court of
Claims was disallowed by the Supreme Court.
Ihe stun of $39,000, as I under-taud, was a
maiter of compromise in the committee, they
aiuwng to indemnify Mr. Adams so that he
wouldnot, be out of pocket.
While I am willing to abide by the decision
of the Committee on Claims and allow this bill
as imported by that committee to pass, I must
oppose the amendment offered by the honora-
ble Senator from West Virginia. The com
mittee thought they were going a great way in
opening the door to Mr. A dams to come before
Congress and to reassert his e!aim. That tri-
bunal which had been appointed by the law to
consider claims of this character, to be sure,
awarded him the sum of' $112 000 ; but upon
appeal to the Supreme Court it was determ-
ined that he was not entitled to anything.
Ihe sum which the committee awarded him,
therefore, was in the nature of a quantum
meruit. They thought it would be doing him
justice, although it was not giving him the
amount which he would have been eutitled to
under his contract wiih the Government if
tbat contract had been entered into pursuant
to law.
While, therefore, I am willing Io support
the bill reported trom the committee, i am
opposed to the amendment offered by the
Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. SCOTT. ,1 undi l-stood the Senator to
appeal to me on the subject of the contract.
Now, the fact about that is this: the Secretary
of War testifies that he directed General Fr6-
rudnt to make these contracts, aud moreover,
that whiie he was in command of the Army at
St. Louis, he considered him authorized to do
anything which he deemed advisable for the
purpose of the general defense at that time.
The language ot the Secretary of War iu his
tesiimony would au'hoiize almost anyihing
that General Fifemont m his discretion saw
proper to do for the public welfare at that
point. But in the cise m the Supreme Court
the Attorney General made three points: '• first,
that ihe authority to mane ihe contract m the
case was not found; second, that the ratifica-
tion of the contract was not found; and third,
that an emergency to jusiily making ihe con-
tract was not found." In deciding the case
the Supreme Court passed over all these ques-
tions, and admitted the competency ot ihe
power to make the contract, and disposed of
the case on the other ground that he had
accepted the money. So far as that is con-
cerned, that was the ground upon which it
was placed. As to the actual contract, ihe
contracts were drawn in pursuance ot ihe terms
agreed upon by General Fifemont and Mr.
Adams; ihey were reduced to writing; they
were signed by Mr. Adams and left in the
hauds ot ihe quartermaster to be executed by
him, and he through inadvertence omitted to
put his name io the contracts. So that all that
was necessary to make a formal wriueu con-
tract was warning simply because of the neg-
lect of the officer of tue Government, and
throughout the case it, has been tieated as a
contract sufficiently executed, and the Court
of Claims tound upon it and rendered a judg-
ment for ihe amount due under the contact.
Ihe PRESIDING UFFiCKli, The Sen-
afortrom West Virginia will reach his object
by voting against the amendment of the com-
mittee. It is not in older io move to non-con-
cur in the report of the committee, but tovoie
against the report of the Committee will
accomplish Jus object. ■
Mr, BOREMAN. The question will first
be on the amendment ol the committee.
Then those who are in favor oi the bill as it
came from the House will vote against the
amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I only desire to add a very
few woids. If any oilier member ot the Sen-
ate desires to say anything on this subject I
will give way to him.
Mr. FUELING HQ YSEN. I would simply
say tbat the committee can hardlv expect that
When ihey recommend $39,000 we shall make,
it $112,000. If that sum is to be reached at
all it will have to be reached by a committee
of confeience. We had better take the vote
directly on the $89,000 and not spend time.
Mr. BOREMAN. Ihe Senator fiotn New
Jersey is mistaken in that. The House passed
the bill for ©112,000.
Mr. FREUN.GHUYSEN. But the com-
mittee of the Senate recommend $39,000.
We are not going to vote against that to give
$112,000 k
Air. WRIGHT. I desire to add a very few
words to what I have said and in answer to
what has been said by Senators on the other
side. I do not understand that either the
Senator from Pennsylvania or the Senator
fiotn West Virginia pretends to controvert the
principle toe which I oontend in this case. 1
