1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3303
house and senate who recently voted in good faith
to carry out the declared wishes of the Democracy
of Indiana."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DCJNNELL. Mr. Chairman, I cannot
see why the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] may not be
adopted. I shall vote for it, and shall do so
because of my belief that if the time is ever to
come in the history of iron when we may
make a reduction of duty, that time is now.
The amount of reduction we now ask by the
amendment to the report of the committee is
very small, yet the opposition to it is very great.
The district which I represent is an agricul-
tural district; and hence the importance of this
question. Gentlemen arc unwilling to give up
the large profits that they have been making
out of iron and these .various manufacturing
interests which are here seeking for higher
and opposing less duties. I ara not intend-
ing to discuss the question of protection or
tree trade. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, says that we should
balance this matter; that we should reduce
uniformly, adopt the horizontal principle. I
object to that style of reduction. The argu-
ment of protectionists is that we should furnish
protection so that our industries may take care
of themselves and compete with foreign pro-
ducers. When they have acquired the ability
to take care of themselves, then let us lessen
this protection. Why give protection year
after year, when an industry has acquired
strength enough, not only to stand alone, but
to compete successfully with every rival, and,
indeed, declare immense dividends?
Now, Mr. Chairman, who are tbe prosper-
ous men to-day m America ? Who are the
well to-do men, the men who are getting rich?
The men who are amassing weal'h to-day are
these very men who are here pleading for us
to give them larger protect ion, and conse-
quently larger profits. Among them are the
lumbermen in my State. I cannot vote to
give them one cent of protection. They do
no need it. Ill'- iron-men, the men who rep-
resent these weabhy interests, beg of us mote
and more tu otection.
1 wdl not here discuss the abstract question
of protection. Here is an immense interest.
Look at this quesuon of iron as it affects the
farmer. Here are Ids plow, his harrow, his
seeder, !ii-: .nower, his reaper, and Ins thresher.
Ail ihese are large iy constructed of iron, rrom
morning till ni^ln almost everyihmg ho touches
has iron largely entering: inlo its construction.
Besides that, >on tell the farmers of my State
that, they must continue to pay an enormous
price for iron employed in the construction ot
their railroads. When wheat is $1 b'm New
York we get. but seventy cents for it in Minne-
sota. One half of the New York price, when
tl 40 per bushel, is for transportation. the
cost of ill's transportation is enhanced by the
piiee of iron, which we are asked to keep up
when the world is calling lor iron both at home
and abroad.
The honorable gentleman from Missouri,
L.Mr. Fixkelxblt.o.] m a recent_and ab.e
speech, stated two facts as they exist on
qms'ion of iron
the
" Consumers are scrambling /or supplies
tlit'y cannwf obr'iin quick 'it; a:j> *
y.'t frciH,.ul, n ,n.,-r ,m l.e-nm.-un an ar'ific at bai-
riui tu-heck and cnib.trr.t-^ the l.ni
i 1
' ■ c i 11
merit and prosr-H*. *r. I Believe thw our
mmi- a ,'ui'Ciiluoas bo,.my tins day, and it the e
wis any -ei-arey -hat tlnntea would lemaui lii^
1're-eur c )• «! tif>n ir nnijht l o tak-m
T.ilk akont iorci^rn > ninpotu
]>o!if!• )i. \u nv
w.jnt i'.  l uv. Y«*r l-M'l
}>- >c r<> 1 • iw. T'h) commu tec jt>u
iiu n t'l.n.^b 1 iluiik tho ijou.
U" irii't 1 have said of pis "<>" is rclatiiyly t ™c
of bar iron and the mlv meed prmluc.a
the fallowing cxtract from a commercial neWspapci
"vviii show:
Advance on ^ro .-iIerehant om iron
has advanced in Ungland from it 10'. m
last to £12 10*., and manufacturers will not rcceivo
■ it a!t"Urotb
'I'licrc ts no co'as-
nmotig tho-owho
',le slated  e pro-
,,is ar MX dol-
tuld m.,ke it hvo
or'l'-rs oven nt. the advance, or to contract for any
speciiied time, as their orders on hand are sufficient
to absoi b <! ti they can make up to July nest. It is
estimated that Sweden andNorway will not produce
more than a half supply of iron for the present
year. The condition of affairs abroad has caused a
steady advance in American iron for some time
past, which has been totlowed by an advance in
copper, brass, and other metals. The effect of all
this has been to advance American hardware com-
posed chiefly of iron from ten to twenty per oent.
Articles manufactured of steel have advanced i'ropi
five to twelve and a half per cent, here and in
Europe."
Where is there any need of protection to
iron in view of the above facts ? If six dollars
a ton on pig iron be needed for revenue,
say so, and we can then discuss the amend-
ment on that basis. This interest does not
need protection at all. A reduction of ten
dollars per ton on pig iron should be made, and
I therefore vote for the amendment offered by
the gentleman from ludiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. SHEHWOOD. Mr. Chairman, i do
not rise to advocate high protective duties,
although I live in Pennsylvania. But if there
is any interest within the range of American
productions in favor of which the principle of
restrictive duties can be tolerated I confidently
claim iron as that interest. It stands upon
higher and more national grounds than any
other. It is the great element of offensive
and defensive warfare. Large^ capital, much
time and labor are required in its production.
It cannot be established to meet the demands
of the country in the hour of threatened dan-
ger. It is urged that iron being a necessary
of life, entering into and in everv department
of agricultural and mechanical life, should be
left as free as the immediate wants of the rev-
enue will permit.
But iron is an article of national necessity,
one absolutely essential to the defense and
safety of the whole country; and it ought to
be produced-in the country. I agree that the
proposed tariff will benefit a class to some
extent: but its inanufactuie in the country is
for the safety and prosperity of_ the whole
nation. 1 would place the iron interests ot
the country upon this high, national ground,
and I appeal to the patriotism and good sense
of gentlemen to stand by it. I would not
blend the great iron interests of this people
with the manufacture of brass kettles or tin
pans. 1 appeal to gentlemen that it is not
for the interests of Missouri alone. Alabama.
Tennessee, and many other ol the Slates are
iron-producing. W 11It sicady and suiheieui
restnetivo duties many of the Stales where ore
is found in large quantities and excellent,
qualities would embark large sums of money,
which combined with skill and euteipti^e
would s ion rival Pennsylvania in the produc-
tion of iron.
The demands of this country are so great,
tlie construction of railways, engines, and
agricultural implements are increasing so
rapidly at this time, that there is great de-
mand for it; but it may be that in a few years
it may sink as it has done before to a veiy low
price. For myself. i do not sympathize with
the (fiends of a high protective Lai iff, although
I do live in P(nns\Ivatiia. 1 have long be-
lieved that a duly of $1 25 per ton upon eoa
was no prelection whatever, and that the coal
i-.nco-sts of my State did not need protec-
tion. But when distinguished members ol this
iiour.0 undettake to charge all the miquity
of protection uuuu mv State. 1 think it is time
for me t,i f peak. It is popular to make 1 enn-
svlvama the scape-goat of high protective
duties, and call her and her membeis the most
obuoxi >us names. lint we lind that eaea
State >s rallying aiouml its peculiar interests ;
Indiana and Kentucky want hemp, md tlia'
\.hi>'h is mamtlaC'ured trom n, protected.
Massachusetts wants her woolens protected,
and in fact it is one uniform claim of nearly
every State to have her particular production
protected. Pennsylvania is the second feiate
in population, and the first m material wealth
in this Governraen
Hei vast cool-fields, her
iron interests, her reservoirs of oil, and her
agricultural productions, place her at the head
of all these States in material wealth. She
has the second city of the Union in-population,
aud the first m manufactures. That city, Pitts-
burg, has no rival in this country in the man-
ufacture of iron and steel. She is the key-
stone of the arch among the States of this Gov-
ernment. Lying, as she does, among the central
States of the Union, she is always conservative
in her policy. Behold how she is stretched across
from the ocean to the lakes; her coal warming
the firesides of the nation, hoi' oil lighting our
homes, her iron and her enterprise banding
together in one arterial line the States from,
the St. Lawrence to the Pacific.
See her laborious sons at the forge, in the
field, and the mines, with firm-set limbs and
ruddy cheeks, dignified by labor and rewarded
with plenty, with an atmosphere of independ-
ence, happiness, and health all over our
State. We may well be proud of her past
record ; and we cannot forget the great names
from this State that have aided by their wis-
dom, courage, and patriotism to build up and
defend our Union. If we are only true to
ourselves this Commonwealth is destined to
be the first in intelligence, in wealth, and in
power. Her German population may be found
sweeping westward with the sfar of empire.
From her cities and villages, from the ragged
mountain side, from the quiet farms, Penu-
:yivania pours her migratory hordes along the
path of every progress, and the kind old
mother need not be ashamed ol them in their
adopted homes. Our free-school system, our
clustering churches, an'd thousand newspapers,
have left their influence upon the _resolute
German heart.
Pennsjlvania has poured her rich young
blood into every field of enterprise and energy
that has been developed fur years $ and in the
free air and under the boundless horizon of the
prairies her sons have been the leaders m
pioneer life. Whether in the far frontier, in
the commercial capitals of the country, be-
neath the waving groves of the Somh, or
westward on the shores of the lair Pacific, her
sons are found crowding the avenues of every
pin suit, conqueriitg its obstacles, aud wtuiging
reluctant success from the m.r-t uufruitiul
lands. What a glorious growth our old Com-
monwealth has lvad!
Now we have five hundred miles of canal
uniting the great commercial business of this
and other States wi'li the inland poitions of the
Stislc. One railroads ;u*e Uhj most nuinrrous
oi' uiiv Stain iu the Union, skirling our rivers,
pushing through ihe valleys and around the
nioun'aiu hide* into the veiy wilderness. The
obedient lightning carries our messages from
the capital s) the humblest, villages within our
borders, and to the far corners of the woi Id
abroad. We have about ten thousand school-
houses seatt( red over our Commonweal,h, iu
which eveiy yeai ncaily one muiiou of our
children aie taught the rudiments of a good
education. .
Mr. KEUR. Mr. Chairman, ju«t one word
iu reply to my Irotn Pennsylvania [Nir.
Sukuwood.] I waul to way to nim ami to nil
gentlemen who fe"! as he does, inn! ad 1 say
on this great subject is said in no offensive
sense, but under ;he  o emu dictation of deep
and controlling conviction. I do no'say it to
wound any one's telling? or to obend any
State, but in pursuance of mv duty here.^and
I intend >o do that duty without !Var or favor
towaid moital man in any pari of ibis coun-
try. 1 do not want to do harm to Penm-yiva-
I;i'i, 1 do n.,t want to do more ihan jn.-ti je to
my own Xsaie. Ihit I do want to saytfat in my
deliberate jud'jaiu nt, Indiana, Kentucky, and
all the .surroundmg S'a es m that «m.t  aUsy
are only injur', d by the pro^ ctive tarul. i-hey
have never bi en iienefi'ed to J)** c.^'nt ■>! a
single penny by any taii/F for protection, and
they never will be while this Government OT<
\ this world stands.
