420Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
Government does not seat, upon tbig acquittance, bpt
upon the voluntary submission to the bOjaraj.l^Q
hearing and the final'decision.thereon,the"Receipt
of the vouchers containing the sum or amount foujitf
due "the claimant, u^d" itfce acceptance of tbe pay-
ment of that amount under the ^ct of Congress
providing therefor."
And then, when application was, made for
rehearing of cau$e, the Supreme Cojirt §aid
farther: , . , ,, . ,
"!Fbereis another view also arising out of the facts
upon whieh this motion \s founded, which shoiu^d £e
btaW. 'Although it is trifo tluCt the appellee did
not'|>r6sebt his claims before the board, as Stated in
the finding, in tho record of appeal, it catroot, in
view of the fapts which appear in tho original-record
of the evidehce before the Court of Claifts, well be
denied'bUt'thatJ he made himself a pfr'rty to the pro-
ceedings, antl took the benefit of the adjustment of
his accounts by them, which briugs the case within
the principle decided in 7 "Wallace."
ilr, STEWART. Allow me a word right
there. Then the Supreme Court held that the
reason, why they,could not gi,ve hirr  relief was
because he had gone before aboard and taken,
a ppt of Igs, olaim/(vhich had been .awarded
to iiira. He made an application fpr a re-
hearing, bjlt. they stj<y held tfiat as he went
before a board and reqety;ed part of his claim
he made himself a.party to it. I undertake
to say. that that is no decisipn, The court
never reviewed the amount ,duo him, t^nd
nov.er pretended to do,so.. They sippply said
he jiad made a, contract to take so tmjeh, &wd
had submitted himself to that board, and \io
uiafterif hs liaij-taken loss than was dwe him,
the, eoutt could not give him relief. There is
no pretense in this decision that thpy acted on
the merits at all; and I say in such a case it
is the duty of Congress to give relief. It is
not a. case where the matter was submitted to
tbe court on an original claim, but the matter
was submitted to the court whether he was cut
off by being obliged to go before that commis-
sion or go into bankruptcy. Ho had to go
there aud get what he could, or go into bank-
ruptcy. That was the question submitted to
the court, and pot the tpprits of the claim. He
took the part of the claim that was awarded to
him, and because he .chose to take that rathor
than submit to immediate bankruptcy, it is
said Congress should grant him no further
relief.
Mr. ROREMAN. I do not propose to con-
tinue this discussion, but the Senator from
Iowa put a question to mo which probably 1
ought to answer before we take the vote. The
Senator from Jowa is a very good lawyer and
a very good judge. Ilo takes a judicial, view
of this case, no doubt. 1-j.e asks. if this was
not a decision upon the merits. I will state
ray position in regard to that. Tbe tribunal
that decided this muttei; was no legally con-
stituted tribunal, and .the only way in which
the court held birn to the decision of that, tri-
bunal was that ho had written this letter,
and therefore they were precluded from going
into the merits.
1 have but one word more to say and then 1
am done. The report of the committee.gives
this man $39,000, and therefore the principle
is gone. The committee were almost unani-
mous, I believe, in giving him the $39,000,
while the court gave him nqthing. I think we
ought to give him $112,000.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to ask my friend
from West Virginia whether the sum of "39,000
was not deemed by the committee sufficient to
indemnify him against any loss, and whether
the difference between that and the larger sum
of $112,000 was not in the nature of a profits
claim?
Mr. BORBMAN. The committee, I believe,
came to the conclusion that $89,000 would
save him from loss simply, and that without
any interest and after ten years' delay but X
think a man -is entitled to.his contract not-
withstanding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. For the purpose of having
the question settled so as to know what we
mp# -rely upon in the future, I, ask for the
ye^s and nays. • ;
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no; do not do that;
there is not a quorum here.
Mr. CONKLING. If that is so, then th&
bil) ought not to pass.,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator insist qi} tbe call for the yeas and
nays ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I do.
The yeas and nays were ordered-
Mr. PRATT. Do I understand that this
vote-is on the amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia, increasing the amount allowed
by the committee ?
ThePRESlDINGOFFJCER. Theq«estion
is ou the amendment of the committe.e reducing
the sum to $39,000.
Mr. WRIGHT. To save all the time I can
I shall not insist on the yeas and nays on the
amendment, but shall call for thera on the
passage of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. If there be.
no objection, the call for the yeas and nays
MfiU be withdrawn. The Chair hears no ob-
jection. The, question is on the amendment
of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The*
bill was read the third time.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 ask forthe yeasand nays
on tho passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 83, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Eorenian,.
Caldwell, (Jasserly. Cooper. Cragin, Davis of West
Virginia, l'relinglmysen, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe,
Johnston, Kellog!-', Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Osborn, Pouieroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Robert-
yon, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott. Spencer, Stevenson,
Stewart, Stockton, Viekers, and Wilson—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Oole, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Seliurz, and Wright—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow,
CauiorQn, Carpenter. Chandler, Clayton, Conkling,
Oorbetfc, Davis'of IContueky, Edmunds, denton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flan-
agan, Gilbert,, (stoldtkwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamlin, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood,
Nye, Patterson, Tool, ltansom, "Rice, Sherman,
Sprnsuo, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
West, and Windom—35.
So the bill was passed.
ALBERT GRANT.
Mr. SCOTT. I report back from the Com-
mittee on Claims the bill (H. R. No. 2035) to
provide for the examination and payment of
the claim of Alhert Grant Without amend-
ment. It involves tho same principle as the
bill just passed, and I ask that it, may be taken
up and acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands this is the last bill from the Com-
mittee on Claims, and this evening was de-
voted to that committee*.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of War
to examine the claim of Albert Grant, assignee
to A. Grant & Co., for damages sustained by
A. Grant & Co. in the erection of a fire-proof
storehouse at Schuylkill arsenal, in the city
of Philadelphia, in the years 1867 and 1868,
under a contract by them entered into with
the United States, the alleged amount being
$47,000; and if on examination the Secre-
tary shall be of the opinion that the claim,
or any part of it, is just and equitable, he is
to cause it to be paid to this claimant or his
legal representatives; but the amount so
allowed is not to exceed the sum of $47,000,
and it is to be in full discharge of the claim.
Mr. STEWART. Is there a written report
accompanying that- bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Th.e Chair
understands not.
Mr. SCOTT., Oh, yes, there is.
Mr. STEWART^;. 1 should like to hear it.
Here is a claim for $47,000, and it is proposed
to refer it to the Department for examina-
tion and allow them to give what they please.
That is not a very good way of legislating.
Mr* SCOTT. The reason why it is referred
to the Department is because it involves the
question whether this claimant was interfered
with,in the execution, of his contract by sev-
ejalArmy officers,and itwas deemed improper
that the question should be decided without
investigation by the Secretary of War, so that
if, the Secretary should decide that,the claim-
ant was interfered with, he.may determine the
amount thdt is due to him under those circum-
stances. There is a printed report which comes
from the House with the,bill. It is reported
by Mr. Frye, chairman of the committee.
, Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from.N-ev,ada that this case involves pre-"
cisely the same principle as the one that has
just been decided, and the-other bill having
been passed, there ought not to be any trouble
about this. •
Mr. STEWART. The other was for a fixed
amount; and this refers the claim to a Depart-
ment for adjustment, and I do not think that
is aproper principle of legislation.
Mr. WRIGHT. I think they can determine
it better than.^ve can.
Mr. STEWART. It is very likely they could
determine better • all these claims-, .but if the
matter ,is to be referred for adjustment any-
where, I .think it ought to be referred to the
Court of Claims, which has been specially
organized for that very purpose.
Mr. HOW-E. This is safer.
Mr. STEWART. Very well ;■ if the com-
mittee insist upon it, I shall not interpose an
objection.
Th<e bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
EDWARD N. CALVERT.
: Mr. FRELINGHU YSEN. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 69s4. ,
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I have a
bill from'the Committee on Claims, the last
one, I believe, and there is no question about it.
Th« PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood those bills to be exhausted.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. No, sir;
there is one more—Senate bill Ho. 1162. I
rnoye to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. 1162) for the relief of Edward N. Cal-
vert was read tke second time, and considered
as in Committee of -the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Edward
N. Qalvert, ©f the District of Colnmbia,
$1,500, to be in full and complete payment of
damage) rent, &e., done to the property of
Edward N. Calvert, known as Fort Wagner,
on Good Hope Hill, District of Columbia.
The! bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, -ordered to be engrossed ■ for a
third'reading, read the third time, and passed.
cruelty to animals.
Mr., FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
Senate proceed tp the consideration of House
bill No. 694.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRELrlNGHUYSEN. The bill has
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been read heretofore.
Mr. GASSERLY. What is it? We have a
right to know what it is, I suppose.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (H. R. No. 694)
to prevent cruelty to animals while in transit
by railroad or other means of transportation
within the United States.
Mr.. CASSERLY. I wish to know whether
the Chair rules that we are not entitled to have
that bill read for information ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It has been
read and discussed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
