1616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26.
sand, that the number of the House might be
increased.
" Sir, what a change has come over the coun-
try since then! Now, according to the House
bill, the ratio is 134,675. If the representa-
tion would not be large enough when the ratio
w^s 40,000, how is it when theratio is 134,075?
" There are many reasons why the representa-
tion should be larger, if it were possible, to-day
than at the time when the Constitution went
into operation. The territory of tho country
over which the Government legislates has
vastly increased since then. Not only so, but
the subjects of legislation have multiplied and
complicated, so that the themes with which the
Representative must become acquainted, with
which he ought to be familiar in order to be
a wise, able, and efficient representative of
the people, have largely increased. These are
some of the reasons why the representation in
the House should be large.
But, sir, there are other reasons why I pre-
fer the House to the Senate bill, if it can be
so amended as to make its total representa-
tion three hundred instead of two hundred
and eighty-three. I believe that the amend-
ment to the law of 1850 proposed by Mr.
Vinton, and which is now in operation, was
unconstitutional. It provides, as the Senators
very well know, that the whole representative
population of the country shall be divided by
the number designated for the House of Repre-
sentatives, and in this way secures the ratio of
representation, or the number that can electa
member of Congress. If there is a fraction
over, and that fraction i3 greater than one half
of thenumber which it takes to elect a Repre-
sentative, then an additional member is to be
given to the State which possesses that major
fraction. If it is a minority fraction, or a
fraction less than one half the ratio, then they
are to lose any representation for that minor-
ity fraction.
What results, sir, from this? There is a
law which provides that the States shall be
represented^ districts; that each State shall
bo divided into districts of contiguous terri-
tory, containing as nearly as possible the num-
ber of representative population fixed as the
ratio of representation. Now, take some of
the States; take Vermont, for instance. Under
the House bill she will have a fraction of
58,318. If only the people in the districts
which choose members of Congress aro repre-
sented by the members, then this fraction goes
unrepresented in the State; or if you say that
the representation covers the whole State, and
that the whole population of tho State is rep-
resented by the Representatives of tho State,
then there is unequal representation ; and that
is in direct violation of the Constitution of the
United States. The whole people must bo rep-
resented, because representation and taxation
are both to be in proportion to tho number of
the people. According to the House bill, you
would have a population equal to the popula-
tion of two counties in Vermont—Rutland and
Bennington—that would not be represented at
ail. They would have to pay taxes, but they
would have no representation. There would
be taxation without representation—the very
thing for which the colonies went to war with
Great Britain.
Mr. THURMAN. Why cannot they be
represented?
Mr. PATTERSON. Because the whole
number of people within those two counties of
Vermont is about equal to the fraction which
is not represented at all.
Mr. THURMAN. Why do you selectthose
two counties?
Mr. PATTERSON. I will select any other
two counties which happen to contain an
amount of population just equal to this frac-
tion. That is my only purpose.
Again, suppose you say that the whole popu-
lation is represented by the Representatives
of the States, what happens? I will tell you ]
Mr. SHERMAN. To show the fallacy of
the Senator's argument, I will remind him that
the Senate proposition disfranchises sixty thou-
sand people in the State of Rhode Island.
Mr. PATTERSON. How does that show
the fallacy of my proposition ?
Mr. SHERMAN. By showing that it is im-
possible, in any scheme that can be devised, to
prevent inequality. Either of these schemes
will work some inequality. You cannot make
it perfect. -
Mr. PATTERSON. What I was saying was
this: that I believed the amendment to the
apportionment bill made by Mr. Vinton was
unconstitutional, and I see nothing in the fact
which the Senator from Ohio has brought for-
ward to militate against my position.
Mr. SHERMAN. What I wish to submit
to the Senator is that it is impossible in the
nature of things by having any ratio of repre-
sentation to prevent inequality of representa-
tion. If you give to this small fraction in
Vermont an additional member, you give to
them more than they are entitled to.
Mr. PATTERSON. The inequality is not
so great.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may not be so great,
but still the inequality is there.
Mr. PATTERSON. I admit that there may
be some inequality; but there might be a rule
established which would make the inequality
very much less than it is. My objection to the
House bill is that it makes the inequality so
great, an equality which I believe is uncon-
stitutional, and I do not want to magnify that
inequality by a bill like this. If the represent-
ative value of each fraction could be determined
by making the whole population of the State
to which it belongs its denominator, instead
of a common ratio, the rule would be fairer
and our representation more equitable.
But to return, if the Representatives of a
State represent the whole population of the
State, let us see what the effect will be: Florida
will have one Representative for 187,748 peo-
ple, while Rhode Island will have a Represent-
ative for 108,070. Is that fair? Can anybody
make it fair? Is there anything just in it on
any principle whatever ? Then take the State
of Ohio. It will have one Representative for
every 133,203 ofitspeople. Take my own State.
It will have a Representative for 159,150. Is
there any reason why Ohio should have i Rep-
resentative for every 133,000 of its inhabitants,
and New Hampshire only a Representative for
every 159,000 of its inhabitants ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Tho ratio of apportion-
ment is 134,000, and we have the largest frac-
tion.
Mr. PATTERSON. But do you not see
that by losing the residual fraction we lose one
third of our entire representation by losing a
member, and you only one twenty-first part
of yours? There is the inequality of the thing.
I say that this is not fair, and we should bring
our representation as near to equality and to
justice as possible.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, as this is a conversational debate, I will
say to him that this very point arose in the
constitutional Convention, and it was balanced
by this consideration: that while a fraction in
a small State might fail to be represented,
which would be a greater loss to it in propor-
tion to its representation than the failure to
represent a fraction in a large State, still that
would be amply compensated for by the in-
creased representation it had in the Senate;
and that is so. The inequality of not counting
a fraction in a State liko Vermont, that has two
or three Representatives, would be very great
in_ proportion to the number of Represent-
atives, but that is fully counterbalanced by
the constitutional privilege of equal represent-
ation in the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON. I was not aware that
any such position was taken in the Convention.
I have never happened to see any such state-
ment in its debates. I supposed that the
States were entitled to equal representation in
the Senate, because the Senators of each State
represent the limited sovereignty of the State,
and that that provision had no reference what-
ever to the number of people in any way.
Now, to show once more how unjustly this
rule which has been laid down by Mr. Vinton
works, let me say that if you take two hun-
dred and seventy as the number of the House
of Representatives, Rhode Island will have
two members, and if you take two hundred
and sixty she will have but one member, and
if you take two hundred and eighty she will
have but one member. Is there no injustice in
that? You must see that there is necessarily
an inequality in the representation of the
States growing out of that rule.
Someone may say that the statement I have
made as to Rhode Island results from a mis-
f rint of the tables. It is not so by any means.
t is not a misprint. It happens because
the number of major fractions when you take
two hundred and eighty as the basis is so
increased that Rhode Island loses one member,
and that is liable to happen in any State under
this rule.
There being such inequalities, is it not
better, in making an apportionment of the
people in the several States, that we should as
far as possible do justice to every State ? My
State will lose one member under the House
bill. If we can increase the number to three
hundred we shall remain as now, represented
by three Representatives, and as I have the
list here, I will give the increase for each State
on a representation of three hundred. Ala-
bama will have an increase of two ; Arkansas,
of one; California, one; Connecticut, none;
Delaware, none; Florida, none ; Georgia, two;
Illinois, six; Indiana, two; Iowa, three ; Kan-
sas, two; Kentucky, one; Louisiana, one;
Maine, none; Maryland, one; Massachusetts,
one; Michigan, three; Minnesota, one; Mis-
sissippi, two; Missouri, five; Nebraska, none;
Nevada, none; New Hampshire, none; New
Jersey, two; New York, four; North Caro-
lina, one; Ohio, two ; Oregon, none ; Penn-
sylvania, four ; Rhode Island, none ; South
Carolina, two ; Tennessee, one ; Texas, two;
Vermont, none ; Virginia, one ; West Vir-
ginia, none; Wisconsin, two. An amendment
making the whole number three hundred will
meetallthe objections urged by the Senator
from Ohio against the bill of the Senate com-
mittee, and will meet, I believe, his desires as
well as the House bill. For these reasons I
am in favor of the House bill with that amend-
ment.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I think
if my friend from New Hampshire will reflect
a little he will find that it is not very much to
the advantage of his State, if the question of
sectional representation is to be taken into
account, to enlarge the House of Representa-
tives very much; for suppose you can preserve
precisely the proper relative amount of repre-
sentation between the several States according
to their population, just as you enlarge the
House, just so you enlarge the absolute major-
ity of a section of the country to which the
Senator does not belong, and while the rela-
tive weight of his section in the House might
be greater than it would be under either of
those bills that are now before the Senate, the
absolute majority in the House against his
section of the Republic might be, and would
necessarily be, _ much larger if the House is
increased, and it is the absolute majority that
in the end makes the legislation.
I do not propose to take up much of the
time of the Senate on this bill, for I confess
that I am in a state of equilibrium upon it. I
am really almost indifferent, I will not say
entirely so, whether the bill of the House or
the bill reported by the Judiciary Committee
shall be adopted. But this I do feel bound to
say, that while the bill as it came from the
