2408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
regard to which some might be disposed to
cavil. I shall be much gratified, however, if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. L.
Myers] shall succeed in incorporating into
my bill an amendment looking to their adjust-
ment also.
What he a few days ago so ably said in
behalf of the recognition of losses inflicted
on the people of Pennsylvania by confede-
rate troops in the burning of Chambersbu rg
and on other occasions, applies with at least
equal force to the losses inflicted by the same
troops in Maryland. The, city of Frederick
was compelled to pay a ransom of $200,000.
Hagerstown, Middletown, and other places
along the route of invasion were proportion-
ately levied on.
We were thus treated, in the exercise of
their character as belligerents, as part of the
common enemy. Since, by reason of this
community of interest, we were made to bear
more than our proportion of losses, that same
community of interest raises the obligation on
the rest of the country to equalize the bur-
den. It was as a component part of the
Union we were made to suffer, and common
cause should be made with us for our resti-
tution by other States of the Union, which,
only by reason of being more remote, expe-
rienced less of the shock of war, and, happily,
were more exempt from its ravages. More-
over, as ably argued by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, the duty of protection by the
Government is correlative to that of allegiance
from the people.
By the Constitution it is stipulated that in
consideration of the States having yielded the
right of maintaining armies for their own de-
fense "the United States shall protect each
of them from invasion." When this obliga
tion failed of performance, the equitable claim
arose to the approximate equivalent instead
of indemnity for the losses consequent on such
failure or default. And as the Government, is
abundantly able to afford this reparation, in-
demnity, or relief, as you may be pleased to
term it, it would seem but reasonable and just
to grant it.
1 now commit the whole subject for the
present to the reflection of the House, with
the decided hope that it will, before the ses-
sion closes, take favorable aclion.
The fair form of peace has returned to brood
over the land, the bright and beautiful spirit
of amnesty is hastening to her side : let the
more homely but not less esteemed features
of fair dealing complete the group.
Mr. LEACII submitted remaiks which will
be published in the Appendix.
IUCVIVAL OF FOREIGN COMJIKKCE.
Mr. SHELDON. I ask unanimous consent
to have printed in the Globe some remarks
which I have prepared on the revival of for-
eign commerce.
There was no objection ; and leave to print
was granted. [See Appendix.]
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN ARIZONA.
Mr. McCQRMICK, of Arizona, addressed
the House on the subject of Indian affairs in
the Territory of Arizona, in remarks which
will be published in the Appendix.
MK?SAGli FROM TI1E SHNATls.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that Mr.
Osborx had been appointed, in place of Mr.
Thuiiman, excused, a manager on the part of
the Senate in the conference ordered upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill of the House (H. K. No. 1866) for the
relief of Mrs. Frances A. McKinney.
PRIVILEGES OF COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday,
the 9th instant, I reported back from the Com-
mittee on Printing, as a substitute for two
resolutions which had been referred to that
Committee, a bill that provided, first, for the
printing of the reports of the Commissioners
of Agriculture and Education ; second, for the
distribution and sale of said documents through
the Post Office Department; third, for the dis-
tribution and sale, in like manner, of such other
documents as Congress might hereafter by con-
current resolution specifically direct. These
were the main features of the bill. It provided
for printing the reports and for their distribu-
tion. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall] objected that the bill did not be-
long to the class of reports which the Com-
mittee on Priming was authorized to make
at any time, and the Speaker decided that it
did not. I ask the Clerk to read from the
Globe.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The Speaker. This bill comes from the Com-
mittee on Printing, but it is not, therefore, a priv-
ileged report. The Committee on Printing is author-
ized to report at any time, but only upon Blatters of
Printing.
"Mr, Beatty. This is upon matters of printing,
and is a substitute for two resolutions sent to the
committee.
"The Speaker. It does not follow because a res-
olution in the morning hour of Monday may be sent
to the Committee on Printing that that carries with
it the privilege of reporting at any time. In order
to expedite the business of the House the Committee
on Printing is authorized to report at any time oil
matters of printing, but that does not carry with it
the right of reporting matters which change tho
statute law of the country. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. JBeatty] will see the distinction.
"Mr. Beatty. I do not know that this changes
the law. It simply adds to the law.
"TheSpEAKBR. WhentheChairspeaksofchang-
ing the law, he has reference to anything which is
independent legislation. The distinction is obvious,
of courso, to the chairman of the Committee on
Printing.
" Mr. Beatty. The bill simply provides for pub-
lishing and distributing certain documents.
"The Speaker. It is such n bill as might come
from tho Committee on the Post Office and Post
Koads, or from tho Committee on the Judiciary, or
from any one of several committees. It would come
m as ordinary legislation from any of those com-
mittees, and it could not derive any kind of privi-
lege from having been referred to the Committee on
Printing. The gentleman from Ohio [Ml*. Beatty]
usks that tins bill be printed and recommitted to
tho Committee on Printing, not to be brought back
by a motion to roconsidcr.
"Mr. Beatty. Have I not the right to have the
bill considered now?
"The Speaker. The gentleman has not that right,
if the point of order is made on it; because he has
not the right to report it as a privileged bill.
" Mr. Beatty. Will the Chair have the rule read
which excludes this bill from the privileges accorded
to the committee?
" The Speaker, liulo 101 is that ' it shall be in
order for the Committee on Printing to report at
any time.' That has been always held to refer
entirely to matters of printing.
" Mr. Be \tty. And this is a matter of printing.
" The Speaker. The gentleman does not seem to
Perceive the distinction. For instance, the Com-
mittee of Elections is authorized to report at any
time, but a general bill regarding the time at which
members of Congress shall be elected throughout
the country would appropriately come from the
Committee of Elections, but would not be a privi-
leged report; they would have to report iUwhen
called. So, while the gentleman's committee is
privileged to report on any order of tho Houso in
relation to printing, it is not privileged to report upon
matters of general legislation at any time. The
principle is not a new one; it has been uniformly
held so.
"Mr. Beatty. Well, I am unable to see it,
although it may be nil right.
" Mr. Randall. The Committee of Elections of
the last Congress always understood that to be the
limit of our privilege.
" The Speaker. It is not a new decision; it is
the view which has always been taken, and one
without which it would be impossible to proceed
with the business ot the House.
"The bill (II. It. No. 2252) was then by unanimous
consent read a first and second time, recommitted
to tho committee, and ordered to be printed, not to
be brought back by a motion to reconsider."
Mr. BEATTY. The Speaker in his ruling
affirms:
1. That it does not follow, because a resolu-
tion is referred to the Committee on Printing,
that it carries with it the privilege of reporting
at any time.
2. That Rule 101, which reads as follows,
" It shall be in order for the Committee on
Printing to report at any time," has been
always held to isfer entirely to matters of
printing.
3. That the rule which governs the Com
mittee of Elections is identically the same aa
that which governs the Committee on Print-
ing, and as the former cannot report a general
bill at any time it follows that the latter cannot.
4. That the principle involved in the ruling
is not new, but has been uniformly held so.
To all of which I very respectfully take
exception.
Rule 101 reads: " It shall be in order for
the Committee on Printing to report at any
time." Appended to this in Barclay is the fol-
lowing: "And the right to report at any
time carries with it the right to consider the
matter when reported. (Journal first session
Thirty-Second Congress, page 195.)" Now,
on what has this committee the right to re-
port at any time? On any bill or resolution
properly referred to it. The law, the rules, and
the usages of the House make the subject of
the distribution of documents just as much a
matter for the consideration of the committee
as that of printing ; the two subjects are
connected in three fourths of the resolutions
referred to the committee. But these are not
the only subjects which the committee may
properly consider. Any x'esolutiou relating to
binding, to the purchase of paper or mate-
rial used in the Government Printing Office, or
any resolution relating to the management
of that office, or any resolution to provide
for the purchase of books, or for the distri-
bution of books already printed, the com-
mittee may consider and report on by general
bill or concurrent resolution at any time.
The committee has the right to report at any
time upon any subject which the House has a
right to refer to it, and the right of the com-
mittee to report is just as unrestricted and
absolute as the right of the House to "refer.
The Speaker was in error when he claimed
that the Committee of Elections were author-
ized to report at any time. They are not
so authorized. All questions relaiing to the
right of a member to his seat are held to
be questions of privilege, and hence take
precedence of other business. The Commit-
tee of Elections can report at any time only
on a matter relating to the right of a mem-
ber to his seat, and when they report such
cases, they do so, not under a rule which
says they may Yeport at any time, but under
one which declares that a question relating to
the right of a member to his seat is one of
highest privilege. To that extent only are
they authorized to report at any time, and no
one could by possibility infer from the rules
that they weie privileged to report a general
bill. The limit in the case is prescribed in
plain terms.
The right of the Committee on Appropria-
tions to report at any time is limited to certain
bills specifically referred to in the rule, and
which must be first considered in Committee
of the Whole. •
Rule 151 gives the Committee of Ways and
Means leave to report bills relating to raising
revenue and providing ways and means for the
support of the Government at, any time for
commitment. Here we find a restriction also;
they arc not permitted to report to the House
at any time for consideration, but simply for
commitment to the Committee of the Whole.
It cannot be affirmed, therefore, that because
the Committee of Elections, Appropriations,
or Ways and Means are not allowed under
the rules which govern them to do certain
things, that it follows that a committee, work-
ing under an entirely different rule, may net
do them. That would be like saying that be-
cause the Committee on Pensions could not
report at any time, it followed that the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills could not. The logic
is bad.
Having said this much, I desire to Call atten-
tion to certain facts which go to show pretty
conclusively that the Speaker eired when he
declared that "the principle" involved in his
ruling "is not a new one ; it has been uniformly
