1512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg,
Ketoham, Killinger, McCrary, McGrew, Mejunkin,
Morour, Merriam. Monroe, Moore, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C.
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Piatt,
Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Kusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shoe-
maker, H. Boardman Smith. John A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, Strong,
Sypher, Washington Townsend, Twichell, Tyner,
Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallace,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—100.
NOT TOTING—Messrs. Ames. James 6. Blair,
Boles, George M. Brooks, Campbell, Carroll, Wil-
liam T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Coburn, Comingo,
Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Crocker, Darrall, DeLarge,
Dickey, Eames, Elliott, Goodrich, Griffith, Hale,
George E._ Harris, Gerry W. Hazelton, Herndon,
Hibbard. Kendall, Kinsella, Lamport, Lansing.Lowo,
Lynch, Maynard, McKee, McNeely, Morey, Mor-
phis, Hosea W. Parker, Aaron F. Perry, Poland,
Porter, Potter, Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers, Roose-
velt, Scofield, Shellabarger, Shober, Sloeum, R.
Milton Speer, Stevens, Stoughton, Stowell, St.
John, Sutherland, Swann, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Turner, Van Trump, Vaughan, Wad-
dell, Walls, Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, and
Young—68.
So the motion of Mr. Niblack was not
to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, said: On
this question I am paired with the gentleman
from Illinois, Mr. McNeely. If he were pres-
ent he would vote "ay," and I should vote
"no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] upon which a
separate vote is asked.
The Clerk read as follows :
Insert the following as a now section:
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting offioers be, and hereby are, authorized and
required, in the settlement of all accounts tor the
services of laborers, workmen, and mechanics em-
ployed by or on behalf of the Government of the
United States, between the 25th day of June, 1868,
the date of the act constituting eight hours a day's
work for all such laborers, workmen, and mechanics,
aud the 19th day of May, 1869, the date of the proc-
lamation of tho Presidont concerning such pay,
to settle and pay for the same, without reduction
on account of reduction of hours of labor by said
act, and a sufficient sum for said purpose is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] moves to amend tho
amendment by adding what will be read by tho
Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided.lhai no part of tho money hereby appro-
priated shall be paid to any mechanics or laborers
who have already been paid for eight hours' labor
four fifths as much as the amount whioh was paid to
like laborers and mechanics for ten hours' labor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I make
the point of order that tho amendment just
read was never considered in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The point of order comes
too late. This amendment was moved in the
House before the previous question was called,
and the previous question included in rts oper-
ation this amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KILLINGER. I ask that the amend-
ment,to the amendment be again read.
Mr. Farnsworth's amendment was again
read.
Mr. DAWES. That is to say, these men
shall not have what they are entitled to.
Mr. PETERS. I object to debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 80, not voting
72; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Averill, Barber,
Barnum, Barry, Bcatty, Biggs, Bingham, Bird.
Austin Blair, Braxton, Burchard, Caldwell, Carroll,
Coburn, Conner, Cotton, Critcher, Crossland, Davis,
Donnan, Dox, Dn Bose, Duke, Eldredge, Farns-
worth, Farwcll, Finkelnburg, Porker, Garrett, Gol-
laday, Hambleton, Handley, Hanks, Harper, John
X.Harris, Gerry w. Hazelton, Hereford, Kerr, King,
Lamison, Lewis, Manson, McCormick, McGrew, Mc-
ilenry, Mclntyre, McJunKn, McKinney, Merrick,
Mitchell, Moore, Orr, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck,
Eli Perry, Peters, Potter, Price, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Shanks. Sheldon, Slater, Slo-
eum, Sloss, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stevens, Sutherland, Taffo, Torry. Tuthill, Tyner,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Walden, Waldron,
Warren, Wells, Willard, Williams of Indiana, John
T. Wilson, and Winchester—8S.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Banks,
Bigby, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
dett, Roderick R. Butler, Coghlan. Conger, Creely,
Dawes, Duell, Dunnell, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Garfield, Getz, Haldcman, Halsey, Harmer.Hawley,
Hay, Hays, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Holman,
Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall,
Keteham, Killinger. Lansing, Marshall, McCleliand,
McCrary. Mercur, Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Monroe, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Niblack, Packard,
Packer, Pendleton, Perce, Piatt. Rainey, Randall,
EllisH.Roberts, Rusk, Sargent. Sawyer, Seelcy, Ses-
sions, Sherwood, Shoemaker, II. Boardman Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson. Strong, Dwight Townsend,
Turner, Upson, Waddell, Wakeman, Wallace,
Wheeler, Wbitclcy, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—80.
.NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Beck, Bell, Beve-
ridge, James G. Blair, Boles, Bright, James Brooks,
Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell, William T. Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Comingo. Cox, Crebs,
Crocker, Darrall, De Large, Dickey, Eames, Elliott,
Ely, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Goodrich,
Griffith, Hale, Hancock, George E. Harris, Havens,
Herndon. Hibbard, Kinsella, Lamport, Leach, Lowe,
Lynch, Maynard, McKee, McNeely .Morey, Morphis,
Negley, Hosea W. Parker. Aaron F. Perry, Poland,
Porter, Prindle, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Rob-
inson, Rogers, Roosevelt, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Shobor, II. Milton Speer, Storm. Stoughton, Stowell,
St. John, Swann, Sypher, Thomas, Washington
Townsend. Twichell, Walls, Whitthorne, Williams
ofNew York, Wood, and Young—72.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Dawes's
amendment as amended.
Mr. DAWES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 42, not
voting 81 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Banks,
Barnum, Barry, Bigby, Bird, Braxton, Bright, George
M.Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley, Buflinton, Ben-
jamin F.Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell. Car-
roll, Cobb, Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Cotton, Crebs,
Critcher, Davis, Dawes, DuBose, Duell, Duke. Eld-
redge, Finkelnburg, Forkcr, Charles Foster, Wilder
D. loster.Frye, Garrett, Gctz. Golladay,Haldcman,
II alsey. Harmor, J ohn T. Harris. Ilawley, Hay, Hays,
Gerry W. Hazelton. John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar,
Holman, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ken-
dall, Kerr, Keteham, Killinger, King, Lamison,
Lewis, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, McCrary,
McIIcnry, McKinney, Mcrcur, Merriam, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Movers. Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Niblack, Packer, Isaac C.
Parker, Pendleton, Pcrco, Eli Perry, Piatt, Rainey,
Randall, Kllis II. Roberts, Robinson, Rusk, Sawyer,
Sheldon, Sherwood, Shoemaker. Slater, Slocum, H.
boardman Smith, Snapp. Snyder, Thomas J. Speer,
bpraguo, btarkweather, Stevenson, Stowell, Strong,
Washington Townsend, Tuthill, Twichell. Upson,
Voorhees, Wakeman, Wallace. Warren, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and Wood—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber. Beatty, Austin
Blair, James G. Blair, Burchard, Creely, Crossland,
Donnan, Dox, Dunnell, Farnsworth, Garfleld, Ham-
bleton Handley, Harper, Manson, McGrew. Mcln-
tyre, McJunkin, Orr, Palmer, Peck. Peters,Prindle,
ltcad, Edward Y. Rice, J ohn M. Rice, Sceley, Ses-
sions, Shanks, <Tohn A, Smith, Worthington C.Smith,
lerry, Tyner, Waddell, Walden, Waldron, Willnrd.
Williams of Indiana, John T. Wilson, and Win-
chester—12.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Averill,
Beck, Bell, Beveridge, Biggs, Bingham, Boles,Bur-
dett, Campbell, William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Coburn, Conner, Cox, Crocker, Darrall, De Large,
Dickey, Eames, Elliott, Ely, Farwell, Henry D. Fos-
ter, Goodrich, Griffith, Hale, Hancock, Hanks,
George B. Harris, Havens, Hereford, Herndon, Hib-
bard, Kinsella, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lowe,
Lynch, Maynard, McKee, McNeely, Moore, Morey,
Morphis, Packard, Hosea W. Parker, Aaron P.
Perry. Poland, Porter, Potter, Pricc, Ritchie. Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Seo-
held, Shellabarger, Shober, Sloss, R. Milton Speer,
Stevens, Storm, Stoughton, St. John, Sutherland,
Swann, Sypher, Taifo, Thomas, Dwight Townsend,
Turner, Van Trump, Vaughan, Walls, Wells, Whit-
thorne, and Young—81.
So the amendment, as amended, was
agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved, by unan-
imous consent, that the reading of the min-
utes be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, demanded the
previous question on the engrossment and
third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered j and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill as amended was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PORT Or PITTSBURG.
Mr. NEGLEY. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] withdraws his objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill (S.
No. 742) to amend section thirty-five of an act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes." I ask that the bill be
taken from the Speaker's table and put upon
its passage.
Mr. SLOCUM. My colleague from New
York [Mr. Brooks] objected to the present
consideration of this bill when it was called up
before. That gentleman is not now in the
House.
Mr. NEGLEY. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] did not object.
Mr. SLOCUM. Then I object. My col-
league [Mr. Brooks] told me, as I under-
stood, that he had objected.
Tho SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill is not before the House.
DONATION OF CANNON.
'1 he SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Crebs] desires to renew his request
that the joint resolution (H. R. No. 108) grant-
ing condemned cannon for the erection of a
soldiers' monument at Mound City, Illinois,
which was this morning referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, be now put upon
its passage.
Mr. COBURN. Ifthe gentleman will amend
the joint resolution so as to grant the same
number of cannon as have been granted to
other monuments, namely, four instead of six,
I shall not object.
Mr. CREBS. I agree to the joint resolution
being so amended. I now move that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr._ CREBS moved to reconsider the voto
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT 01' MOBILE IIAItBOR.
_Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish this House any information in his posses-
sion in regard to the improvement of Mobile harbor,
Alabama, not heretofore submitted.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the regular
order.
CENTRAL PACIl'IC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
demanded, the morning hour begins at twenty-
five minutes past two o'clock, and the House
resumes consideration of the bill reported
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
a bill (H. R. No. 1553) relating to the Central
Pacific Railroad Company. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield ten minutes ot my
time to my colleague, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. _ It is my intention to say very
little on this bill. This is an old acquaint-
