564
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
Ho. op Reps.
Uniform Rates of Transportation—Mr. Kendall.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
"With tho first grant securcd—a grant worth
untold millions—instead of proceeding to build the
road, this Union Pacific, before spending a dollar in
building the road, or as I believe, in moving a
shovelful of earth, came down upon Congress—
44 4 Like the wolf on the fold,
And their cohorts were gleaming with purple and
gold,'
" and in 1864 succeeded insecuring the passage of an
act to wipe out every provision made in the original
act for the security of the public.
"Qi the manner by which snid last act was passed
I care' not to speak. It is of tho act itself that X
speak. Who voted for this amended act it is impos-
sible to ascertain, as the record shows that all at-
tempts to obtain the yeas and nays on its final pas-
sage failed. We know this, that every mterestof the
people thatwas guardedin thefirst act was sacrificed
in the second. We know that the security of the
Government was subordinated to a first mortgage
amounting to over sixty million dollars, thatthe res-
ervation of any part of the bonds until the road
should be completed was repealed, also the five per
cent.net earnings to apply to liquidate the bonds,
and the provision for applying the earnings of the
road on government transportation was also altered
so as to require but one half to be so applied, and all
restriction as to amount, of stock that any one man
could hold wasremoved. The land grant was dou-
bled, giving the different Pacific roads a territory,
according to the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, 4 within one fourth of twice the
area of England, Scotland, Wales, Ireland, Guern-
sey, the Isle of Man, and tho islands of the British
seas, and less than a tenth of being equal to the
French empire proper/ aud nothing that the inge-
nuity of man could invent for their benefit was with-
held. '
It should not be forgotten that to the Union
and to the Central Pacific the land grant
equaled twelve thousand eight hundred acres
to the mile. Poor's Manual, page 41G, states
as follows, and although under the head of
"Union Pacific Railroad," it applies as well
to the Central Pacific:
44 The original act provided that the Government
subsidy should be a first mortgage on tho road, but
by a subsequent amendment it was made a second
mortgage, the company being authorized to issue
its own bonds to an amount equal to the Govern-
ment as a first, mortgage on tho line. The original
act provided that the charge for Government trans-
portation should bo credited to it in liquidation of
its bonds, and that in addition, after the road should
be completed, fivo per cent, of the not earnings
should also be applied to the same purpose. The
act was subsequently modified so as to allow the
company to retain one half of the chargo of trans-
portation on Government service, as the cost of the
same, and also lolievos the company from paying
the fivo per cent, of nut earnings.''
Then on page 417 a single extract, will show
whether it was a road of costly construction
or not,:
44 The route for the eastern portion of the line is
up the valley of the Platte, which has acouise nearly
due east from tho base of tho mountains. Till these
are reached this valley presents probably the finest
line over adopted for such a work for an equal dis-
tance. It ib not only straight, but its slope is very
neaily uniform toward the Missouri, at the rate of
about ten feet to Ihe mile. The soil on the greater
part of the line forms an admirable road-bed. The
river, after leaving tho mountains, has very lew
affluents, the only constructed bridges tor the dis-
tance being one over tho Loup Fork a.nd the North
Platte."
Now let us see precisely what was granted
for the construction of these Pacific railroads.
The average subsidy per mile was $26,214, to
which add $20,214, the amount of their own
first mortgage bonds, aud wc have $52,428,
and to that we must add the value of the
twelve thousand eight hundred acres of land,
■ which, at $2 50 per acre, would be $32,000
per mile, or $84,428 per mile granted by the
Government for the construction of these
roads. Jn reality I have no doubt the amount
is much larger, because I have put down the
value of the land grants to the lowest figure.
In order to form some just conception ot the
magnitude of the land grant to Pacific rail-
roads I will refer to the published circular of
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company, a
road now in course of construction, and
which circular is published in all the princi-
pal newspapers and in the front of the last
edition ot Poor's Manual of the railroads of the
United States. It is there stated as follows :
44 The lands of the Union Pacific thus far sold have
averaged $4 46 per acre; the school lands of Minne-
sota $6 30 per acre and lands of the Illinois Central
railroad grant eleven dollars per acre. At even
the average of four dollars per acre the lands of the
Northern Pacific railroad will pay for its construc-
tion and equipment and leave the road free from
debt and one half the lands unincumbered in the
company's possession. At only $2 50 per acre these
lands will build and equip the road, leave it free
of debt, and place a surplus of $25,000,000 in the
company's treasury."
Iu order to show that this Government sub-
sidy of $84,428 per mile is nearly twice as
much as the average cost of railroad construc-
tion throughout the country, I have only to
refen to Poor's Manual, page 13 :
44 It is impossible to give a statement of the exact
cost of the railroads of the United StatesTrom the
incompleteness of the returns of a considerable num-
ber of companies, particularly in thesouthern States.
An estimate of $44,000 per mile, it is believed, will
fully equal their average cost. That of thcrailroads
of the New England States averge $40,500 per mile ;
that ot the middle States rs somewhat greater, being
about titty-five thousand dollars to the mile. The
cost of the railroads in the southern States will not
exceed $30,000 per mile. The cost of the roads of
the western States is about equal to the general
average."
It is very difficult to realize the extent of
these laud grants, and with one more compari-
son in reference to one of them I shall con-
clude this point. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office reports to the Secretary
of the Interior, January 9, 1872, that the esti-
mated quantity embraced in limits of the grant
under acts of July 1,, 1862, and July 2, 1864,
to the Union Pacific and the Central Pacific
was thirty five million acres. Reducing this
to square miles would give us fifty-four thou-
sand six hundred and eighty six square miles,
or a grant of lands more than fifty-two times
the entire extent of Rhode Island, equal to
twelve States of the size of Connecticut and
seven times the area of ttie old Commonwealth
of Mabsachusetts I And yet this is twelve mil-
lion acres less than the grant to the Northern
Pacific!
1 corne next to consider the necessity for the
legislation J propose on the part of Congress.
This necessity is shown from the testimony of
Chambers of Commerce and shippers of mer-
chandise all over the United States; and in this
respect I must content myself with specimens
of the character of complaints which are made
against railroad management. To give all the
testimony m detail in reference to every rail-
road would require volumes ; and in my judg-
ment for present purposes it is not incumbent
to do more than refer to the salient points,
alleging, as I do, that for my statements I
have the very highest authority. Nor shall I
be particular as to the order in which I give
the statements, taking them upas I find them
and allowing them to speak for themselves.
The Cincinnati Chamber of Commerce re-
spond that there have been and still are com-
plaints of excessive charges for freights by all
lines of railroads from Cincinnati to the east-
ern or sea-board cities, and they apply to alt
classes of freight, but more particularly to such
as are embraced in the fourth class, namely,
meats, lard, flour, grain, tobacco, and cotton.
In comparison with rates of freight from points
west, northwest, south, and southwest of Cin-
cinnati. rates of freight are made nearly the
same so as to deprive shippers in Cincinnati
of advantages accruing from position of ship-
ping merchandise on orders or for a market
at eastern or sea-board cities.
The present rate of freight from Cincinnati
to New York is sixty cents per hundred
pounds, and from Louisville, one hundred and
fifty miles west of Cincinnati, it is fifty-seven
cents perhuudred pounds, and from St. Louis,
three hundred and forty-five miles west of
Cincinnati, it is sixty-five cents per hundred
pounds for fourth-class merchandise, and from
Memphis, Tennessee, a still greater distance
west and south, seventy-two cents per hun-
dred pounds. It is frequently the case that
the same rates can be had from St. Louis and
Memphis on cotton, a fourth class article, as
from Cincinnati. All the railroads from Cin-
cinnati to the East charge more for freight
starting from Cincinnati than they do for freight
delivered to them by competing roads running
to Cincinnati. The Chamber of Commerce
further states—
44 That a bill is now preparing on the subject of
freight charges, classification, <fce., in the Ohio State
Legislature, but it seems as though something more
than State legislation were necessary to correct the
evils our country is laboring under from railroad
combinations. Drawbacks are frequently paid to
large and regular shippers. Secrecy is required, and
in consequence shippers are not inclined to name
facts. It is sometimes arranged by permitting cars
to be overloaded and underbilled."
In another place it is stated :
44 There are, undoubtedly, very unjust conditions
made between local rates of freight and through
rates of freight, and it is frequently the ca<e that
charges on freights to local points are as much or
more than through rates. At present the rate from
Cincinnati to 'Baltimore is fifty cents per hundred,
and from Cincinnati to Harper's Ferry. Cumberland,
&c., it is sixty cents per hundred weight. The Bal-
timore and Ohio Railroadlast summer carried salt
from Baltimore to Ohillncothe, Ohio, a distance of
over six hundred miles, at the rate of eighteen cents
per hundred pounds, and at the same time the low-
est rate that could be made from Cincinnati to Chil-
licothe a distance of seventy-five miles, was eight-
een cents per hundred pounds; thus giving Balti-
more and foreign salt much the advantage over
Cincinnati, which is now the principal distributing
point for salt, which is largely a production of this
State and adjacent States/'
#*** ******
44 It is undoubtedly true that at points where there
is no competition express companies, boat lines,
railroad lines, as well as telegraph lines, charge and
exact unreasonable and extortionate rates, and by
this means make through rates disproportionately
low."
The following is the testimony of Kentucky
merchants:
44 Serious complaints have been repeatedly made
against the rates of freight charged by both theKen-
tueky Central railroad and the Lexington, Louis-
ville, and Cincinnati railroad, being entirely out of
proportion to the rates cnarged in other States. For
instance, the freight on coffeo from New York to
Cincinnati is at present forty-six ce>us. while irom
Cincinnati to Lexington, one hundred miles, or
about one eighth the distance, the tariff is thirty-
four cents; all other classes of merchandise in the
same proportion. This is unjust and excessive. This
road exercises an untair discrimination m carrying
to Nicholasville, the terminus of the road, and twelve
miles further, for ten ccnts per hundred less than
Lexington. Freight for Richmond, Kentucky,
twenty-six miles beyond, and not on the railroad,
is carried for twenty cents per hundred, while Lex-
ington is charged twenty-five, thirty-two, and thirty-
four cents. This applies as well to the Lexington,
Louisville, and Cincinnati railroad."
From the State of Indiana testimony is as
follows:
44 There is no law regulating railroads or other lines
of transportation so far as charges are concerned,
whilethe law requiringreports from railroad corpor-
ations is a dead letter. Another difficulty in the way
of getting definiteinformation is thechangingof rates
at pleasure, and also the habit of making private
rates with certain parties, all of which is detrimental
to the publicinterest. We needa uniform rate which
cannot be changed except upon notice long enough
to prevent the raising of rates upon our articles
bought before the notice was given. From the be3t
information we cau get the rate on through travel
between important points going east is two and one
half cents per mile, while the local fare is from four
to six cents per mile. It is certain that the trains
are run on such time as will suit the through travel
and the througn passenger; besides, their accommo-
dations are much better, so that no doubt it costs
a, road twice as much to convey a passenger in a
sleeping-car, which is demanded by the through
travel, as it does in the coaches for local passengers,
and yet the local passenger pays twice as much per
mile."
We are told the same system of favoritism
and drawbacks prevails in Illinois, and that
the same discriminations against local busi-
ness is made by most of the roads.
The great mass of testimony is all of the
same character, going into the minutest details^
showing wherever there is lack of competi-
tion the charges are excessive, and that tha-
raiiroad companies act as if they were above
ail law and follow only their own arbitrary will,
reckless of consequences so far as local trade
and traffic are concerned.
I quote now from the report of the railroad
