1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3305
from New York that he should rather move
; to reduce the amount.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "six" and inserting in
]ieu thereof "three and a half."
I have occupied the attention of the House
on many former occasions in discussing this
; matter of iron. I desire to say that there is
one thing which does not seem to strike the
House of Representatives, though perhaps they
will heed it after they hear something more
from the people on this subject. This matter
of revenue reform, or free trade, or whatever
you choose to term it, is pretty well under-
stood among the people. Parties are being
dispartied by it. Men on both sides of the
House, representing localities, irrespective of
parlies,"seem to be defending local interests,
while men of larger economies are striving to
be just to the whole country on this subject.
We have to meet this matter squarely, Mr.
Chairman, and in order to meet it squarely we
have to see what just now, to-day, is the con-
dition of the iron tradeiu this country. Istated
the other day in debate that the Scotch iron,
which was bought at thirty-three dollars per
ton was selling here at fifty-three dollars; so
that large profits were being made out of this
article. And if Pennsylvania were wise, if she
had not concluded to '"believe a lip and be
damned," she would come forward and ask a
reduction of the duly on pig iron to five dollars.
When we cut it down before from nine dollars
to seven dollars our importations increased,
our revenue increased, and the result was, as
I can show by reliable evidence, which I have
on my desk before me, that wages went up in
England, and protection was given in one sense
by that reduction of the tariff.
But gentlemen from Pennsylvania come here
with an enchanting picture of the condition
and of the riches of their State. We were
treated yesterday by one of the Democratic
members from Pennsylvania to such a picture,
in which he showed how much wealth was dis-
tributed among one hundred and thirty-eight
thousand of the people of Philadelphia. And
we had a picture to-day of how Pennsylvania
was prospering, because of the peculiar parti-
san or favoring legislation of this Congress.
Why is it, Mr. Chairman, that Pennsyl-
vania is so prosperous? It is because she has
taken tribute from the industries of other parts
of the country. My friend from Ohio [Mr.
Stevensox] is now looking up some statistics,
and I would recall his attention to some which
he produced in the last Congress, in which
he showed that in the Lehigh and other val-
leys in the State of Pennsylvania there had
been an enormous increase in their values,
while in the commercial cities, in the ship-
building towns of Maine, in the city of New
York, and on the Delaware, where ships are
built, there was a loss of value, a loss of em-
ployment, and a destruction of industries. If
I had the time, I could show by figures that
every dollar of this increased prosperity which
Pennsylvania now arrogantly boasts, has been
robbed from industries elsewhere. The pro-
tection given to iron has destroyed our shipping.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 would say to the gen-
tleman that the idea that Philadelphia 
Mr. COX. I do not yield to be interrupted
by my friend, this old line Whig of Pennsyl-
vania, who has not. got over his old doctrines
Jft..
Mr. RANDALL. And never will.
Mr. COX. Then so long will the gentleman
and his friends not learn. 1 know the time will
come when this hot-bed growth of prosperity
w Pennsylvania will disappear. But I will
"ot mock her when her calamity comes, and
her industries are prostrated. But I would
tell her not to allow herself to be ruined by
her greed ; but to take three dollars, to take
one dollar, to take anything instead of grab-
bing at everything, aud pretending to do it in
the interest of industry.
Mr. DICKEY. I deny at the start the as-
sumptions of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] which he is so much in the habit
ot making; his familiar assumption of speak-
ing for the people of the United States. The
gentleman from New York never undertakes
to talk for less than the whole people of the
United States.
Mr. COX. I am a Representative of that
country.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman says he is
a Representative of that country, and if you
were to listen to him you might think he was
the sole Representative of the United States.
Mr. COX. That is on account of my size.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DICKEY. I do not know but he
is an outside Representative. The gentle-
man from Indiana always talks for forty mil-
lion people, as he did yesterday. The gentle-
man from New York never speaks but for the
whole people, and the gentleman from Indi-
ana always speaks for forty million people,
and the other gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] speaks for the universal world,
"from Greenland's icy mountains to India's
coral strand." No "pent-up Utica" con-
tracts their powers. They care nothing for
State boundaries. The gentleman from New'
York [Mr. Cox] not only undertakes to speak
for the people of the United States, but he
volunteers to give advice to the great State
of Pennsylvania, not only to one party, but
to all parties. He not only advises her, but
he prophesies all manner of evil for her. Sir,
the State of Pennsylvania mocks at the gen-
tleman's advice and despises his attempt at
prophecy.
The gentleman talks about her having robbed
other portions of the United States. Sir,
she has developed her industries by her own
strong hand. The Almighty planted the coal
in her mountains, the iron m her valleys, and
the limestone upon the banks of ber streams.
With the strong hand of her labor she has
developed her industries and she has marked
and kept step with the progress of the age.
And for such as the gentleman from New
York to undertake to advise her or to proph-
esy for herl Sir, she despises it, and hurls it
back with the contempt it deserves.
Now, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] this morning wants to be mathematical.
He gets the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Bujichard] to say that pig iron is worth fifty
dollars a ton ; and the duty on it being seven
dollars per ton, the gentleman then informs
us that that duty is forty-two and a half per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BURCHARD. No, sir; forty-two and
a half per cent, on the foreign cost.
Mr. "DICKEY. No ; on the cost in New
York.
Mr. KERR. That is not my statement.
Mr. DICKEY. What is it, then ?
Mr. KERR. On the foreign cost. The
gentleman knows that that is what the per-
centage is always calculated on.
Mr. DICKEY. Very well; I will take him
at his own statement. He says that iron is
worth m New York fifty dollars a ton. De-
duct the duty of seven dollars per ton from it,
and that will leave forty three dollars. Then
calculate forty-two and a half per cent of
forty-three dollars, and you will have $17 37.
The gentleman says that the profits of the
importers aud the cost of freight must be
added to the amount of duty. Does it take
$25 03 to pay that.? The gentleman must
take into consideration the enormous profits
of the men in New York who import this
article and the men abroad who send it here
to be sold.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURDETT. Since this debate has
begun upon the tariff bill I have felt myself
to°be profoundly miserable. I have learned
from gentlemen on both sides of the House
that I have been robbed. Robbed in the
morning, and robbed in the evening j that my
constituents are robbed at the breakfast-table,
and are robbed when they attempt to sleep
under the ordinary country coverlet which
adorn our humble beds in Missouri; that
from daylight to darkness some man has been
robbing them. I have set myself to discover
to what extent it has gone. I have nerved
myself to look the awful facts in the face, and
find from the statistics which are laid before
us from competent sources (no less respect-
able than the census returns for 1870) that the
extent of our wrong has been something like
this: I refer to the States of the West, which
more than the other States have been so
amazingly robbed, and robbed always for the
benefit of the monopolies of the East. I dis-
covered that the State of Missouri, which I
have the honor in part to represent, in 1850
possessed of real and personal estate $137,-
247,707; that in the next decade. 1860, we
had only reached the sum of $501,214,398.
From that period down to 1866, and almost to
1868, we were in a state of war. Prom the
outbreak of the war until months after its
close our State was rent from side to side.
Ruins marked the spot where habitations had
stood. Yet I discover by the official figures
of the census that notwiihstanding six years
of war and ten years of so-called " robbery "
under the protective system we have advanced
from $501,000,000 valuation in that delectable
period of I860 when free trade was rampant,
to a valuation of $1,284,922,897. How we
have suffered I
Why, Mr. Chairman, if the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] who does not seem to
tire—who, indeed, seems to find refreshment in
his adjectives—-'will look at his own State, he
will find by the official figures that property
ha3 grown, wealth has increased, men have
become rich and happy there in the same
proportion, and yet he is not happyl Now,
Mr. Chairman, 1 have a table here showing
the value of manufactures at three different
periods, and 1 want to refer to it for the bene-
fit of my colleague, [Mr. Finkelnburg,] who
is on the Committee of Ways and Means, for
he also "is not happy." I desire to show
that he has reason to be joyous and proud as
a citizen of the State of Missouri. By this
table I find (and I believe it is set down
truly) that in 1850 our gross production in
manufactures iu the State of Missouri was, in
round numbers, $24,000,000; in 1860 it was
but $41,000,000; hut in 1870, spite of the
witr and almost of pestilence, it had risen to
$215,000,000. Whether my colleagues are
happy or not, I am happy and proud of it, and
stand here to proclaim it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR obtained the floor, and yielded
to Mr. Bordbtt.
Mr. BURDETT. Mr. Chairman, in the
Forty First Congress I stood upon this floor
almost alone from the West and demanded
the continuance and extension of the pio-
tective policy. I.saw to my satisfaction that
if we of the West were wise we would not
have long to complain, as the gentleman from.
Minnesota [Mr. Dunnell] complains, that
we have to pay out all our substance in send-
ing our productions to the sea-board, but that
we would build up within our own State those
great industries which would make a home
market for our productions and relieve us
from the taxation of transportation. I have
lost no faith whatever in the position I then
took. Since that time, within my State and
within my own district, in places where form-
erly there was no manufactory beyond that
of the shoemaker-shop in a country town, we
have built up furnaces where within a few
months the iron will be running forth. Every
day new discoveries of mineral wealth are
made in our State; new lead mines are
opened, new smelting furnaces are erected.
Our people, are beginning to perceive in what
direction their true interest lies.
Mr. Chairman, I believe it is true that a
