618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
is he to represent them correctly, there are
difficulties 011 the other side, because the
larger the number of persons are who elect a
Representative the more room there is for
choosing good men. If you were to cut down
the representative basis to thirty thousand,
and then elect in single districts, what would
be the result? Although there is no law to
prohibit the people of a district from electing
a man who lives in another district, yet we
know that they never will do it. Usage is so
much against it, and local pride is so much
against it, that they never will do it. Thenj
the choice of a member must be made out of
those who are supposed to be lit within those
thirty thousand people, and you do not have
the same scope to choose, the same opportunity
finding good men, that you have if the repre-
sentative population for a member is increased
to one hundred thousand or one hundred and
fifty thousand, as is proposed in this bill. While
I do not think that the House of Represent-
atives will continue to be restricted to two
hundred and forty-three members, or even two
hundred and eighty-three members; while I
think the time will come when it will perhaps
exceed three hundred members ; while I think
that will be found inevitable, yet I do not
believe that we ought to hasten that time.
I ought to say one word in answer to a sug-
gestion made by my colleague that pertains to
our own State alone. If we cut down the num-
ber to two hundred and forty-three he appre-
hends difficulty in passing any districting bill
in the Legislature of the State of Ohio, owing
to the fact that in one branch of the Legisla-
ture there the parties are equally divided, and
the Lieutenant Governor, who is presiding offi-
cer, has no casting vote on a bill. On that
question, us to the power of the Lieutenant
(governor, I do not think any good lawyer
can doubt for a moment, and therefore the
case is as my colleague states it, that the
senate is a tie; but that very fact, instead
of militating against the possibility of pass-
ing a bill, is the very fact of all others that
will secure the passago of a fair bill in Ohio.
It is the very thing that of all others will pre-
vent that State from being gerrymandered, to
use a popular phrase, on this subject. The
Republicans there have a decided majority in
the house of representatives. In the senate
there is a tie between the two parties; and it
is that very fact, that neither party can get the
advantage over the other, wluch will secure a
fair districting of the State of Ohio, and I have
no fears but that it will bo effected—not the
slightest in the world. The Stato of Ohio does
not intend to be without representation in the
next Congress; it has no idea of it. Those
legislators dare not go to their people without
passing such a bill. Not one of them dares go
home to his constituents and say that he has
refused to pass a bill districting the Stato and
thus deprived Ohio of representation in the
next Congress. A bill will be passed, there-
fore, and it shall be the fairest bill, perhaps,
that ever was passed in Ohio, if the parties
remain as they are in the Legislature of that
State ; tbatis, with a tie in the senate, so that
neither party can obtain an unjust advantage
over the other. I have no fears but that there
will be a redisricting of my State.
Then comes a very important question in
regard to the time of holding the election. It
is proposed in this bill that the election for
members of Congress shall be on the same
day as the presidential election in the years
in which a President is elected, and on the
same day in years in which a President is not
elected ; and that in every State in the Union
the election shall take place upon the same
day. I think as a general principle it is best
to have our eloctions on the same day when-
ever we can. We provided long ago by law
that tho election of electors of President and
Vice President should take place on the same
day throughout the United States, and for the
same reason we may well provide that the
election of members of Congress shall take
place on the same day. Whenever you pro-
vide that elections shall take place upon the
same day, you do interpose a not inconsid-
erable check to frauds in elections, to double
voting, to the transmission of voters from one
State to another, and you do allow the people
to vote for their Representatives undisturbed
by considerations which they ought not to take
at all into account.
There is some trouble, it is true, about fix-
ing this provision of the act to go into effect
next fall. It is the trouble- suggested by the
Senator from Indiana, and that is the neces-
sity of some legislation on the part of the
States to provide for the machinery of such
aa election. Mark you, it does not require
any more elections than are now required, for
the election is to be on the same day with the
presidential election, so that in no State is
any additional election required by this pro-
vision next fall. In the States in which the
State election is held in October, as it is in
Ohio, Indiana, Iowa, and some other States,
that election will be held, but it would be held
anyhow, whether you changed the law in re-
gard to members of Congress or not, for there
are State officers to be elected. In the same
States the people must meet in November to
vote for electors of President and Vice Presi-
dent, and they are put to no more inconven-
ience if at that same election they vote for
members of Congress. Then, so far as the
people are concerned, this section of the bill
subjects them to no inconvenience whatso-
ever; it subjects them to the holding of no
additional election whatsoever. All that is
necessary is, even if that be necessary, that
the Legislatures of the States shall make their
election laws in respect to members of Con-
gress apply to this election upon the day in
November which now apply to it on the day
in October.
The Legislatures of nearly all the States are
now in session. An act can be drawn in ten
lines or less which will effect that object. The
Legislature of nearly every State is in session ;
tho Legislature of my State is in session. In
the time allowed by the Constitution, three
days in each House, they can pass in a single
week, or by suspending the rules if necessary
in a single day, a bill to apply the election
laws of that State applicable to members of
Congress to the election to be held in Novem-
ber. The same thing can be done in tlje other
States. In almost every State the Legislature
is in session or is to meet before the election
in November. The only States that I know of
in which that is not the case—although my
information may not be entirely accurate—is
the State of Indiana and the State of Texas.
In Texas they have no Legislature at all, as I
understand. The terms of office of the old
Legislature have expired and there is none to
call together, as I understand. That, of all
other reasons, is areason, itseemsto me, why
we should fix the election in that State by our
own provision, as we have a clear right to do.
But in Indiana there is a Legislature to be
called and it can be called, and in order to
preserve the representation of that State it no
doubt would be called—called not only to pass
this law, but also called to redistrict the State,
if they thought fit to redistrict it, although it
is not necessary that Indiana should redistrict,
as she neither loses nor gains by the bill as
reported by the Judiciary Committee. So much
for that amendment.
In regard to section six, I agree with my col-
league that it is of no use here in the world.
It is in the Constitution already, and I do not
see any reason why it should be here. But I
do not know that it does any harm one way or
the other. It is merely repeating in the words
of the constitutional amendment, article four-
teen, the provision of that amendment. It is
a very harmless thing anyhow, but some mem-
bers thought it hadbetter be put in, and I have
no objection to it.
Now, Mr. President, I believe I have an-
swered everything that has been said, or at
least have stated as clearly as I am able to
do, the differences between these bills and the
reasons that operated on my mind to induce
me to support the amendment proposed by
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate. Per-
haps, also, I ought to be influenced to some
extent by a resolution that passed the last
house of representatives of the Ohio Legis-
lature by an almost unanimous vote, in which
they declared their opinion against increasing
the number of the national House of Repre-
sentatives. However, I do not rely on that
as justification at all.
But the Senator from Indiana has sounded
another note here which is to defeat the com-
mittee's amendment, and that is that the Sen-
ate committee's amendment is injurious to the
Republican party ; and therefore, no matter
whether it is fairer or not, no matter whether
it is more constitutional or not, if it will have
the effect to injure the Republican party in the
next presidential election, this Senate ought
to defeat it 1 I have one short answer to make
to that, aside from the fact that it seems to me
the argument is not a legitimate argument at
all, and aside from the fact that the defeat of
the Republican party in the next presidential
election is "a consummation devoutly to be
wished." Apart from all considerations of
that kind, I have one thing to state, simply
to put the mind of my friend from Indiana
completely at ease. If he makes his calcu-
lation upon the hypothesis that the States
will vote as he says they will vote in order
to find out whether the Republican party
will gain or lose, he must carry that out
to the end; he must assume in all argument
of the subject that the States will vote as
he supposes they will vote. He cannot as-
sume that they will vote as he supposes
they will vote for the purpose of showing
that the Senate bill will lose votes for the
Republican party, and then assume that they
will not vote as he has assumed they will vote
for the purpose of showing that the Repub-
lican party is in danger. He cannot do that.
Now, then, let me tell him that if the States
vote as he assumes they will vote, there is no
apportionment bill which can be passed that
will defeat the Republican party, and that
ought to enable him to possess his soul in peace.
[Laughter.] If all the States which he has
assumed are Republican, and which ho has
taken into the account in order to find out
Republican gains and Republican losses, shall
vote for the Republican candidate for the
Presidency, there is no power on this earth
that can prevent his election, and so there is
no necessity that this Senate shall violate the
Constitution or pass an unfair apportionment
bill in order to secure the Republican party
from defeat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
thojjy in the chair.) The question is on the
first amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary, which will be read.
The amendment was read, being to strike
out the first section of the House bill, in the
following words:
That from and after tho 3d day of March, 1873, the
Houso of Representatives shall be composed of two
hundred and eighty-threo members, to bo appor-
tioned among tho several States in accordance with
tho provisions of this act, that is to say: to the State
of Maine, five; to the State of New Hampshire, two;
to the Stato of Vermont, two; to the State of Mas-
sachusetts, eleven; to the State of Rhode Island,
two; to the State of Connecticut, four ; to the Stajte
of New York, thirty-two; to the Stato of New Jer-
sey, seven: to the State of Pennsylvania, twenty-
six; to the Stato of Delaware, one; to the State of
Maryland^, six: to the State of Virginia, nine; to tho
State of North Carolina, eight; to the State of South
Carolina, five; to the State of Georgia, nine; to the
State of Alabama, seven; to the State of Missis-
sippi, six; to the State of Louisiana, live; to the
State of Ohio, twenty; to the State of Kentucky, tea;
to the State of Tennessee nine; to the State of In-
diana, twelve; to the State of Illinois, nineteen ; to
the State of Missouri, thirteen; to the State of Ark-
ansas, four; to the State of Michigan, nine; to tho
State of Florida, one; to the Stato of Xexas, six; to
