2410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
On March 1, 1872, I reported back, with
amendments, from the Committee on Printing,
House bill No. 14(50 to provide for reporting
and publishing the debates and proceedings
of Congress, and also for placing the volumes
in certain public libraries. The bill was in
print and was general in its character. It pro-
posed to add to the statute law of the country.
It was independent legislation. The special
and unusual feature of the bill was that part
of it which related- to the distribution of the
volumes. My object in reporting the bill at
that time was to call to it the attention of the
House. My desire was not to interfere with
more important legislation bythrusting it in at
an inopportune moment, and I therefore asked
that a clay he assigned for its consideration.
What followed I will ask the Clerk to read from
page 1330 of the Globe, present session.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Mr. Beatty. I ask that Wednesday of next
week be assigned for the consideration of this bill.
'"Mr. Garfield, of Ohio. Will my colleague [Mr.
BeattvJ indicate some limit" of time? Cm he not
limit the consideration of this bill to the day he has
named ?
" The Speaker. The Chair would suggest, as this
bill is now m the hands of a committee authorized
to reportat any time, it had better he held in pos-
session of the committee until an oppoi tune moment
occurs, because tliey would lose i .1,tlier than gain con-
trol of it by having it assigned in the llouso to any
particular day."
Mr. BEATTY. I will not detain the House
longer than to refer to page 4198 Globe, first
session Thirty-Ninth Congress, where the
chairman of the Committee on Printing re-
ported a long general bill, which was con-
sidered and passed without objection. The
Globe does not indicate that the Printing
Committee was 011 call; unanimous consent
for its introduction was not asked.
On page 5044 Globe, second session of
Forty-First Congress, a member of the Print-
ing Committee reported as privileged a resolu-
tion to buy two thousand copies of Schoolcraft's
History, Statistics, Condition and Prospects
of the Indian Tribes of the United States, to
which there was no objection. This was a
distinct proposition to purchase, and not a
proposition to print a Government report. I
think, therefore, that the usages ot'the House
accord to the Printing Committee that which
the rule gives in unmistakable terms, to wit,
the right to report at any tune. It may be the
rule is too broad, and that committees of other
Congresses, as well as the Priming Committee
ot this, have abused the privileges which it
gives by consuming too much time" but il" that
be the case the rule should be amended. My
own disposition^ thrust myself in the way of
others, and to waste the valuable time of this
Congress, great as it may lie, might, I think,
be leutrained by a rule defining ui definite terms
to what extent my rights as a member of a
committee were restncted, and 1 would cer-
tainly succumb more cheerfully to a rule than
to What, seemed to me an arbitrary and un-
warranted decision of a Presiding Otlicer.
1 may be permitted to say also that the busi-
ness of the House is matured and digested by
the committees. By whatever construction of
the rules, therefore, the committees are aided
in bringing the results of their labor before
the House, the public business is facilitated,
and the rules, in my judgment, should always !
be interpreted rather iu their favor than against I
them. j
Mr. RANDALL. In so far as my language I
has been quoted by the gentleman from Ohio, j
[Mr. Beatty,] I desire to say that if I under- |
stood the Speaker correctly the other day he i
cited the case of the Committee of Elections j
as one analogous to that ot the Committee on
Printing. I stated that that had been the
understanding of the Committee of Elections
as to their powers while I was a member of
that committee, as was indicated in the case
instanced by the Speaker, that of the bill rela-
tive to fixing a day throughout the United
States lor the election of members of Con-
gress. It was never pietended by the com-
mittee, or by any one outside of it, that I
know of, that that was a question privileged.
The bill proposed an prganic change of the
law, or rather it was the introduction of a
new law, which proposed to regulate that
within the States which had been previously
regulated by State laws. Therefore I sustained
the Speaker as far as the Committee of Elec-
tions was concerned. It is not my purpose
here to-day to sustain the Speaker, or rather
to defend his ruling of the other day. If he
had been present when the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Beatty] arraigned the correctness
of his decision I have 110 doubt he would have
defended himself, at least to his own satisfac-
tion, and perhaps to the satisfaction of most
of the members of this House. I have no
doubt that on a proper' occasion he will re-
view the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio,
and give the authorities for the decision he
made. I will merelysaythat if the Committee
on Printing possesses the power claimed for
it by its chairman, [Mr. Beatty,] then it pos-
sesses a most extraordinary power—a power
possessed by no other committee of this
House; in fact, a power almost supreme over
the action of the House itself.
Mr. BEATTY. Allow me to suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
that that is not the fault of the Committee on
Priming, but of the rule itself; and as the
gentleman is a member of the Committee 011
Rules, he should take the necessary steps
there to correct the fault.
Mr. RANDALL. The custom of distrib-
uting documents by members of Congress has
almost grown into a lule of law. The gentle-
man proposed a general law taking from mem-
bers of Congress the distribution of those
documents, and providing for their distribu-
tion by postmasters throughout the United
States. According to my judgment that gen-
eral law did not come within the scope
of the rule in relation to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. BEATTY. I simply desire to state to
the gentleman that quite a number of the
Speakers of the House have differed from him
on that question.
Mr. RANDALL. I dare say.
Mr. BEATTY. And the House has sus-
tained them
Mr. RANDALL. If the Speaker 011 one
occasion ruled wrongly it is no reason that he
should continue to do wrong.
Mr. BEATTY. The Speakers of this
House on quite a number of occasions have
so ruled.
Mr. RANDALL. I listened to the author-
ities the gentleman had read.
Mr. STEVENSON. As a member of. ex-
perience and information I would inquire of
the gentlemay from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] if he knows of any limitations 111 the
rules upon the power of the Committee 011
Printing to report at any time?
Mr. RANDALL. I have never been a
member of that committee, and have not di-
rected my attention particularly to that sub-
ject. I presume tile Speaker of this House,
who has presided for a number of years, has
based his decisions en authorities upon the
subject; he so stated at the time.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, I believe, is a member of the
Committee on Rules?
Mr. RANDALL. lam.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the gentleman
know of any rule limiting or qualifying the
rule iu relation to the authority of the Com-
mittee on Printing to report at any time?
Mr. RANDALL. I have never directly ex-
amined that subject, or the decisions of the
Speakers upon it. But I can say this much,
th-it as a member of the Committee on Rules
I should vote very strongly in that committee
and out of it to restrict any such power in any
committee of this House.
Mr. BEATTY. That is right.
imtersatioxal copyright.
Mr. STORM. Mr. Speaker, while legisla-
tures have ever been sedulous in guarding the
material rights of man, yet they have been
slow to recognize his right in the products of
his mind. This fact only shows the-law of
social growth which is from the simple to the
complex, from the concrete to the abstract.
Nations in their growth are like children;
their attention is first attracted to the material
and visible, and then to the immaterial and
invisible.
Well considered laws now protect the indi-
vidual in the peaceable enjoyment of his lands,
the products of his farm, and the wealth which
he acquires by the incorporation of his labor
with material objects.
Tlieie is nothing dearer to a man than his
ideal creations. They are the offspring of his
inind, as his children are the offspring of his
body; and while the pride for the one differs
from the affection for the other, yet the
latter is not more intense than the former.
Socrates, speaking through Plato, says, "I
am an accoucheur of the nnnd as my mother
is an accoucheur of the body." Plato believed
that, ideas were innate ; Tacitus describes them
as the forma mentis ceterna.
This idea of intimate relationship of man to
the creations of his own mind is not a mere
fancy. Who that is familiar with the wrorgs
of English and American authors has not read
of the many cases in which these offspring of
the brain have been pirated away beyond the
power of reclamation by the author? English
judges have made queer decisions when they
wished to get around knotty points of law:
A corporation could not be arrested, because
it had no soul; an author could not assert
his right to his ideas because they had 110
body.
The contest for the recognition of the right
of literary properly iu England is curious as
well asinstructive. Althoughatpressent nothing
is more universally admitted to be one's own
than the products of his intellectual activity,
yet it was not so in England prior to the year
1710, the date of the statute of 8 Anne, secur-
ing limited copyrights to authors. It was as
late as 1774 that Lord Camden in the House
of Lords, when the case of Donaldson vs.
Becket and others was under review, uttered the
silly words, "Glory is the reward of science,
and those who deserve it scorn all meaner
things."
The greatest minds that have adorned and
enriched the juridical lore of England have
universally favored perpetual and absolute
copyright, in the case of Tonson vs. Collins,
argued in 1760, Sir William Blackstone, who
was of counsel for the plaintiff, claimed that
the right to multiply copies of a book was the
sole and perpetual privilege of the author.
Lord Mansfield, who was at this time one of
the judg es of the King's Bench took the same
position in his decision.
Justice Yates, who was one of counsel for
Collins, was afterward made a judge of the
King's Bench, from whose court (whose decis-
ion had been against the rights of the author)
the appeal had been taken to the House of
Lords, furnished the occasion for the utter-
ance by Lord Camden of his "glory" theory,
as it lias been called. "Glory," said he,
" is the reward of science. It was not for gain
that Bacon, Newton, and Mittin instructed
the world." Pretty words, and as appropriate
to the pirate and corsair as to Lord Camden.
The tyrant might make use of these words
to justify martyrdom, by saying the crown of
the martyr was his high reward.
Y'ates in his aigti merit, if such it can be called,
"Nothing ean bo the object of property which
has notaeorporeaS substance. There must be some-
thing visible, which has bounds to define it, and some
marks to distinguish it. The property liere claimed
