3S06
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
nation will never have more to expend than
it produces. I stand upon that as an axiom
of my political faith. I therefore demand
that Congress shall always so legislate that
everything needed by the citizens of America
shall be produced as far as possible within our
own borders. If other gentlemen think that
is poverty, I refer them to the official figures.
I say it is wealth, and so says the record.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, my belief is
different from that of other gentlemen who
have spoken. I meant to have stated my posi-
tion before, but I gave my time to two of the
six or eight chairmen ot the Committee of
Ways and Means, and therefore lost my oppor-
tunity. [Laughter.] Sir, 1 have no right to
complain of the provisions of the bill, because
J voted against i's introduction. I voted
steadily for the proposition made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] as
one of the wings or factions (so to speak) of
the Committee of Ways and Means, because
it proposed a reduction of duties which 1
thought could be ennr ted into a law ; and I
voted against the proposition presented by my
colleague [Mr. Dawes J because I thought it
provided lor so large a reduction that it could
not become a law.
Mr. DAWES. Will my colleague be kind
enough to state the difference between the two
measures?
Mr. BANKS. I will tell my colleague what
I consider to be the exact difference. In the
bill reported by the committee, there was a
larger reduction of duties than I thought could
be earned through the two Houses of Con-
gress.
Mr. DAWBS. Will my colleague tell the
difference between my bill, which he voted
against, and the hill of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kiot,i,ny?j
Mr. BANKS. I will explain the queslion
ill my own way.
Mr. DAWES. Will not my colleague be
kind enouu'h to state the difference?
Mr. BANKS. I always listen to my col-
league with tlie greatest, pleasure, but 1 would
rather speak myself al anytime. [Laughter. J
Now, sir, it made a greater reduction than
I thought could he passed through the two
Houses of Cong! ess. 1 voted lor the insU'UC
tions lo the Committee of Ways and Means
to make a general reduction ol ten per cent.
They have reported a bill hack to tIn; House;
and if one side and the other consume any
more, time in debate they will have no hill and
no reduction, for the whole time seems to be
lost, iti diseu sing abstract questions.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means made a, speech the other day m
whic1' lie went, on Ihe pimciple oi idea that he
had p: oposed i Ik1 sa.mo general reduction which
i\as contained in the bill of I he gentleman
from Pennsylvania ; that is, ('.bout ten per
cent. ; and had 1 not been pledged to the
Penniyivania bill 1 would have gone with hnn
oil that proposition. [Laughter] llehaste-
peated that pledge again tins morning; and
well as 1 have known tiim fortlmlv years, and
as often as 1 have received camions in regard
to my duties here. In; lias dmived me again.
[Laughter.] i believe lie would deceive, the
very elect. [Renewed hughter. J lie led ir.C
to believe from what he, suited ibis morning
that, his general purpose was a horizontal
reduction ot ten per cent. And yet what are
some of the chief features of this bill? When
J come to a provision in which my own people
are interested, in reierence to an industry on
which their livelihood depends, in regard to
a manufacture they themselves created, all the
procesi-es ol which ihey invented or On-covered,
and 1 lind my colleague puts a duty on it of
something like four hundicd per cent.
Mr. DAWES. What ia it?
Air. BANKS. Goal tar.
A Member. It is not cold tea. [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. I call attention to the fact,
not only to the statement he made, but to
the fact it was thfit very statement made by
the Committee of Ways and Means which
placed the pending bill before the House.
Now, is it possible when gentlemen cry for
protection, and the Committee of Ways and
Means, judging from what we see and hear, is
divided into something like one hundred fac-
tions on this question, [great laughter]—when
any one of us here who can get the floor is
obliged to give way almost insrantly, because
some one of the mauy "chairmen of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means wants to be heard
how is it possible, 1 say, when the whole coun-
try, when both Houses of Congress and every
member is clamoring for protection, that here
in this bill upon the fundamental substance
necessary to the carrying on of the operations
of the few manufactures engaged in the business
in this country, we find the duty raised from
twenty per cent, to nearly four hundred per
cent.? The raw material is imported from
abroad. With allthcexpense oftransportation,
with all the cost of handling, with alltheinci-
dental charges in bringing it from abroad to this
country, you can nevertheless buy it here for
$5 02 ; and that, is under the existing law. My
colleague, one ofthe chairmen of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, [laughter]—I forget
which one he is, [renewed laughter ;] 1 am
sure he is one of them, for they are on the floor
all the time, [laughter]—my colleague is one
ofthe chairmen of the Committee of Ways and
Means; and what does he propose in this
bill? When, sir, this material can be bought in
other countries and brought here, all charges,
height, andeveiything included, and sold here
for $5 02, the bill repoited by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means proposes
a duty on that very article which amounts to
$5 01.
Mr. DAWES rose.
Mr. BANKS. Do let me have the floor.
If my colleague will not allow mo to speak for
the remaining por'ion of my time, then 1 will
resign my seat, m this Iloure. [Laughter.] I
wish lo know liO'.v he could have reported this
hill with llns increase of duty on tins material
in which people in my district are so deeply
interested in view of the statement by winch
he obtained possession of the House. Hts
statement made even this morning was that,
there was to be a general reducpoa often per
cent. 1 have listened to the speeches of the
gentleman with the greatest pleasuie m Che
world Undoubtedly they are excellent; but
what 1 complain of i-j, not ol hts woids, but
the injustice of his acts, that the Committee
of Ways and .Means do not follow their own
theoiy.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
says his people have nothing to gam by a turiif
system. 1 think they have one thing to gam.
They itain the money to defray the expenses
; ol tins Government without paying it tliem-
; .selves directly, fiiher in hard coin or in cur-
j reney , out of't heir pockets. I f that gentleman
| hud Liie power, instead of get!nig money as we
do now by means ofthe tariff, he would make
the people ot' Indiana pay their proportion of
the expenses of I he Government by direct taxa
tion. And there is no alternative between direct
taxation and the principle of protection upon
a revenue system based upon duties oil im-
ports. There is no percentage in robbery.
I'he gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] pro-
poses five dollars a ton on pig iion. If
So 50 is robbery, is not five dollars robbery
in proportion? What sort of church does the
gentleman attend, and under what preaching
does he sir, if he can in,ike that honest at
rive dollars which would be piracy and 10b-
bery and murder and rape and burglary at
$o 60? [Great laughter.]
Now, gentlemen have been misleading me.
They bother me. 1 am like the old man in
the western part of the. State where I live, who
amid the confusion of conventions gone and
conventions coming, and tergiversations of
public opinion, and the constant outcries oil
every side, said he had lost faith even in the
thing he sat on. [Laughter.] ,1 say, Mr.
Chairman, I have no faith. Perhaps I have as '
much faith and confidence as I ever had, but '
I do not know where to place it.
I will give to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] an illustration of my eon- *
dition from a story I heard of something that
took place in the Empire City of New York.
One friend was visiting another. Unluckily, in
consequence of the treble duties and taxation;
heaped upon everything by the Government,
there was for two persons only one chair. If
the tariff had been lower, the man would no
doubt have had two chairs. [Laughter.] The
host occupied the single chair. He said to
his friend, "Sit down, sir; why doji't you
sit down? Can't you find anything to sit
upon?" "I have enough to sit upon," said
his visitor, '' but I don't see any place to put
it." [Great laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] is ex-
hausted.
Mr. BANKS. I think my time is not quite
out yet. I want just one minute more. 1 have
just as much confidence as I ever had, but I
do not see any place io put it. [Laughter.]
1 listened wiih great satisfaction and great
instruction to the speech of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. E. H. Roberts] who
sits on my left, and with all due deference to
all other gentlemen who have spoken, I will
say that the speech of that gentleman was
perhaps the best speech which has been
made on the subject since this debate on the
tariff commenced, unless I except one I made
myself when nobody was here. [Laughter.]
That gentleman went so far in defending our
system of protection—and that was going a
great way—as to say he thought, we would
do better if we followed a little more closely
the example of China and Japan. There was
scarcely any length the geutieinan would not
go in defence of this glor ous and immaculate
system of protection which he supported with
so much wealth of illustration, and with so
much wisdom and power. But what was my
astonishment to see that gentleman, on the
very first vote we took upon this bill, going,
down into the vacant, space m front of the
Chair, and passing between the tellers give -
his vole in favor ot reducing the duty on coal,
1 think one hundred and twenty-live per cent.
With such examples, what can a fellow do that
does not know anything? [Great laughter.]
Now, tlic gentleman from New York on the
other side of the House [Mr. Cox] tells us
that the capitalists and employers of England
are reducing their labor several hours a clay,
and paying moie wages than they ever did
before. And he thinks that, that is on account
of the free trade they have established there.
But my friend from New York knows perfectly
well that these workmen of England and other
European countries are coining here. I had a
photograph—I looked among my papers for it,
but 1 have so many that I never can find any-
thing that i want, [laughter]—I had a pho-
tograph of one of the emigrants who have
come to us from Sweden, an iron country;
and I feel sure that il I could show that pho-
tograph, it would make a protectionist of every
man on the other side of the House.
Now, it' we look at the fact that the laboring
men are leaving England, and that those that
remain are rebelling against the systena of
things there, we will see exactly why m Eng-
land the hours of labor are being reduced and
the compensation increased. And if gentle-
men want another reason outside the condi-
tions that exist there, I will find it, in this
country, with the advantages that industry has
in this country over all other countries to take
thepeople of every Government on the face of
the earth and place them here to share in our
riches and in our power. That is the reason
of that.
