i>66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May
Ho. o£Reps.
The Tariff— Mr. Hazelton.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
miles ea*t of this town, but from San Francisco even
to the end of its road for a less cost per ton than is
charged to business men in E31ko. The whole griev-
ance oan be stated in these few simple words: that
although Elko is hundreds of miles west of the east-
ern end of the road, it is the point to which the
highest price of freight is ehargod.' "
The following is from the San Francisco
Bulletin of April 20, 1872:
" Railroad Discrimination.—We have heretofore
noticed the discrimination in freight charges made
by the Central Pacific Railroad Company at Stock-
ton. and have given the company the fall benefit of
partial denials by the Sacramento Record. In order
that the public may have all possible light on a sub-
ject which so much interests them, we copy the fol-
lowing paragraph from the Stockton Republican of
the 18th instant:
'"The Record this morning denies that the Cen-
tral Pacific monopoly refused to receive freight
shipped on tbe Chin-du-Wan. There is nothing
remarkable in this denial, coming, as it does, from
the paul advocate and defender of the railroad com-
pany. But both here and in Sacramento tho fact
tiiatthe company did and do refuse to receive the
Chin-du-Wan's freight is so well known that no one
pretends to deny it. They have refused such freight
here not only one day, but two days, and wo have
tho authority of (he forwarding merchants to sustain
■what we say. We have the word of Captain Zim-
merman that the only way he can get freight on the
cars is to dray it from the boat to some store, and
from the store to the cars, thus deceiving tho monop-
oly as to whore the freight came from. Tho Record
makes a damaging admission when it admits that
freight shipped by the company's boats is given the
preterence on the oars. Tho company has no right
to give such preference. It is none of their business
where the freight comes from. It is their duty to
receive and receipt, for freight as long as they have
cars to carry it, without stopping to ask the shipper
by which boat it carno.'
"It, has been n matter of common notoriety that
tho Central Pacific Railroad Company does unfairly
discriminate in lelation to freight charges. We
have been a.t some pains to inquiro into the situa-
tion at Stockton, anrl are informed of particular
cases, when freight has been takon to that city on
sailing craft, where the mcrchandiso has laid threo
day;=. There is no question as to the Central Pacific
Railroad Cuinpitoydiscriininatingin freight charges.
Is tho railroad company to be permitted to have
favoiites among our merchants, interfering with
legitimato trade"' The public has not yet fulJy real-
ised the dangor of such a policy, but will in due
time."
As a basis of calculation, and aB bearing
upon this evil of discriminating charges, I
refer to the following statement trom Poor's
Manual:  
"Tho cost, for example, of transporting Indian
corn ami wheat over ordinary highways will equal
twenty cent« per ton per milo. At such a rate, es
already shown, tho former will bear transportation
oniy one hundred and twenty-live miles to market,
where its valuo is equal to seventy-five cents per
bushel: tho latter only two hundred and lil'ty
miles, whore its valuo is $1 50 per bushel. With
such highways only, our most valuable cereals will
have no commercial value outside of circles ha.ving
radii ot ono hundred and twenty-five and two hun-
dred and filty miles respectively. Upon a railroad
tho co-t ol transportation equals one and a quarter
cents iter ton per mile. "With such a work, conse-
quently, the circle within which corn and wheat at
tlie prices named will havoa marketable value will
b<: diawn upon radii oi sixteen hundred and thirty-
two hundred miles respectively. The area of a
circle with a,radius of one hundred and twenty-five
miles 13 19,087 square miles; that of a circle dra,wn
open n radiu> oi sixteen hundred miles is about one
hundred and sixty times greater, or 8,042,406 square
miles. 8uc.li a difference, enormous as it is, only
measures the value ot the new agencies employed in
transportation and the results achieved, compared
with the old."
llr. Speaker," within the limits allowed me
I Crftinoi, of course, go into the full details of
a hulrj-'ct so expensive and which involves so
many .State.-, ot the Union. But from tbe facts
Jready staled it is obvious that the people of
Nevada, especially, feel the grievous wrong
that in put upon them. Take one glance at
the map: observe our position : California on
tl.e west, Utah on the ea&t, the great Central
PtciBe railroad running across the entire
State. With us local travel and traffic are
everything; tons these local discriminations
u j of vi'a! consequence, and our people are
the hcijjirss victims of a soulless power that
13 be> ond ilit ir control.
it is a humiliating confession, but it is true,
that the indulgent mutiificetice of the Govern-
ment, with the best of purposes, in our time of
civil commotion, gave strength and nourish-
ment to a creature that now defies its benefac
tor. It is the ever-recurring experience of real
life, which, in turn, finds illustration in the
legends of all ages, but nowhere better than
in the Arabian story. Sindbad the sailor, when
he found the Old Man of the Sea lying help-
less, said:
" I will act kindly with this person and transport
him to that place to which he desireth to go. Per-
haps I shall obtain for my assistance a reward."
Then he lifted him upon his shoulders ; but
soon found lie had placed over himself a
relentless master.
So with us. By the generous confidence of
the people, and through the franchises granted
by the Government, the Pacific railroad com-
bination between the East and the West, has
grown into a monster defying all law and all
sense of justice. The managers of this'com-
bination pay whatever taxes under State laws
may happen to suit them. They comply with
regulations of State Legislatures, or ignore
them, as their policy dictates. Favored places
along the line of their road are built up at the
expense of others equally or more deserving
and eligible for trade, and it may almost be
said that this mighty combination—grasping,
selfish, tyrannical—is fast becoming to the
States of Nevada, California, and Oregon, and
the adjacent Territories, what the East India
Company, under the presidency of Hastings,
was to the dependencies ef Oude and Benares.
As one step toward intelligent legislation
upon this great and growing evil, 1 have merely
aimed to collect such data as have been avail-
able and would be best adapted to call atten-
tion to a subject in which the people of the
West have a deep and absorbing interest
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. HAZELTON,
OF NEW JKRSKY,
In the House op Representatives,
May 2, 1872.
Tho House being in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and having under con-
sideration the bill (II. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties
on imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes—
Mr. HAZELTON, of New Jersey, said:
Mr. Ceaiuman : The question under consid-
eration is one which interests every American
citizen. In its consideration we should soar
above party and act as men having the inter-
ests of an undivided country at heart. It
is a subject that has occupied a consider-
able share of my attention, and having expe-
rienced the effects of several changes in our
tariff laws, I feel that I can speak with some
little degree of confidence upou the subject.
The gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Fink-
elnburg,] in the early part of this session,
expressed great diffidence in considering this
subject Sir, it is a question upon which we
have precedents ; it is not a new subject. We
have now had more than eighty years' expe-
rience; and 1 think during that time the
American people should have learned some-
thing about what is best for their interests;
whether free trade, or a duty defending Amer-
ican interests against the low-priced labor of
Europe.
I consider a protective tariff as nothing more
than a defense against the low-priced Euro-
pean labor and rate of interest. It is not worth
while for us to suppose that American manu-
facturers can continue to pay the present
prices for labor and manufacture as cheaply
as the manufacturers of the Old World, who
are employing laborers at starvation piices.
Consequently I look upou this question of
tariff duties as nothing more than a defense
against those who desire to break up the in-
dustries of this country, a defense against the
nations of the Old World who look upon
America as a market where they can sell their
low-priced goods to the detriment ot the man-
ufacturing interests of this country.
I believe that in the coming political contest
the workingmen will show that they understand
what they owe to themselves, by casting their
votes for candidates who are in favor of a defen-
sive system of tariff duties. I supposed after the
war closed we should not be troubled again
with this cry of free trade, because the attitude
of Great Britain toward this country during
the dark days of the rebellion, in permitting
rebel cruisers to escape from her poits to prey
upon our commerce, was of 6uch a characier
that Amerienn citizens would cry out ever
after, " We will have a defensive tariff." Yet
the war is scarcely closed and we find the same
spirit of free trade rife in the country to break
down American industries and build up the
industries of a nation whose sympathies were
from first to last with those in rebellion against
our republican institutions.
It was said to-day by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that our woolen and iron
interests were in a prosperous condition. Sir,
this statement is gratifying to me, and I think
American citizens should delight, not only in
the prosperity of our woolen and iron interests,
but in all others which tend to make us an in-
dependent and prosperous nation. Why, sir,
because they are prosperous must means be
taken to cripple them? Because these great
interests have been fostered by our present
defensive duties must those defenses be broken
down and these great interests be seriously
impaired? For one I answer no; instead of
crippling our flourishing industries, let us seek
to encourage the interests that are languishing
for want of protection.
Mr. Chairman, I propose very briefly to
review the effects of the various tariff laws
which have been in force at different periods
in our country's history. In order to do this
understanding^, I will revert biiefly to colonial
times.
Sir, what was the condition of the countx-y at
that time? Our dear mother England was
considerate of her children ; she did not wish
to trouble them even with the manufacture of
a hob-nail! The following extract from a re-
cently published work will show the condition
of the colonies at the period to which I allude:
" Condition of Colonies,—The colonies were held
under restraint so absolute that beyond the common
domestic industries and the most ordinary mechan-
ical employments no kind of manufactures were
permitte I. In 1750 a hatter shop in Massachusetts
was declared a nuisance by the British Parliament.
In the same year an act was passed permitting the
importation ot pig iron irom the colonies, because
charcoal, then exclusively employed in smelting the
ore, was well-nigh exhausted in England; butforbid-
ding the crection of tilt-hammers, slittingorrolling-
milis, or any establishment for the manufacture of
steel. In the same year the great Earl oi Chatham,
alarmed at our enterprise, declared that the colonies
ought not to bo allowed to manufacture so much as
a hob-nail.''
This was protection, after the manner of
that day, for England, and open poits and free
trade in all its bearings for the colonies ! Eng-
land at that time, and ever since, has endea-
vored to make all nations subservient to her
interests by monopolizing their markets, no
matter what might be the injurious results to
those nations. The colonies had been made
dependent by the mother country, but during
the seven years' terrible struggle for independ
ence manufactures were developed to such
an extent that at the close of the war, not
withstanding they had been struggling ajrainsi
a powerful foe and had been taxed to the' ut-
most to repel that foe, the colonies were able
to supply most of their own wants, and also to
export some descriptions of goods to loreign
countries. England finding that she could not
