1514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
harbor, that it is completely surrounded by
navigable waters—the fact that this road pro-
poses to use it for a depot, makes this island
very valuable. If this road should get it, it
would get what would be equivalent to a title
of ownership, a perpetual lease. We can have
no idea how incalculably valuable this land
may become. Every foot of this island, ex-
cept that used by this company, may be used
for the erection of public warehouses and
other buildings, it being the terminus of this
great road, as could be the land upon the
wharves of San Francisco. We can form no
conception of how valuable this land may
become in the course of a few years.
What right or claim has this railroad com-
pany, which has received bounties in land and
subsidies in money enough to enrich it and
make it one of ihe most powerful corporations
of the country—what right or claim has this
road to come here and ask that this Govern-
ment shall part with one half of one hundred
and twenty acres of land, without giving any
compensation for the use of it? There is not
an individual in the country who would dare
to come in here and setup a claim to any such
right or privilege without feeling in duty bound,
as a matter of common justice and reason, that
he should give some compensation for it. I
hope the House, if it shall give to this com-
pany the use of this land, will exact from that
company the jjayment of rent the same as it
would in regard to any other of its valuable
property.
It is said, this is in the interest of commerce.
In this very report of the board of engineers
it is said that a bridge or viaduct built from
Oakland to this island, as is proposed by this
company, would greatly interfere with com-
merce, and be a positive injury to the city of
San Francisco. Now, if this grant shall be
made to this company, what will be the effect
of it? There are no benefits accruing to
commerce from it. Allow this company to
erect the works which it proposes, and the
difference in distance would be but one mile.
As I understand, the regular terminus of this
load is now at or near Oakland. What is
now proposed is to build a viaduct from Oak-
land to this island, which I believe is a dis-
tance of about one mile. On getting to this
island, merchandise or goods would still have
to be transshipped to reach the city of San
Francisco. Hence the necessity for trans-
shipment would not be avoided ; the distance
would only be shortened one mile. Hence,
instead of benefiting the interests of commerce,
we may by this measure greatly endanger
the harbor ot' San Francisco : we may greatly
endanger the interests of that great city and
interfere with trade and commerce; while
the only possible benefit would be that the
steamer making these transshipments would
have one mile less to traverse. Thus, in any
point ot'view, the grounds on which it is sought
to present a plausible case in favor of this bill
wholly fail.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I nowyield for five minutes
to my colleague, [Mr. Coburn.]
Mr. COBUIIN. Mr. Speaker, it has been
said that this island is important to commerce.
I regard it as quite important to commerce in
two or three lights. It may be, and undoubt-
edly is, important directly to commerce as a
depot; and it is probably true that part of the
island which can be used as a depot or as
depots may properly be granted to this com-
pany after a sale has been duly made, and the
proper military reserves surveyed and defined.
But it is quite as important to commerce
that there should be a safe harbor there ; that
there should be the means of ready defense
against a foreign foe; that there should be
fortifications which can repel any kind of an
attack upon the commerce of the great city
of the Pacific. This consideration is quite as
impoi'tantas that there should be a good land-
ing-place for ships arriving from the far-off
East and for railroad trains from the conti-
nent.
Now, it is an old saying that capital is sen-
sitive; and it may be necessary to reiterate
these old truths. If we leave that harbor
unprotected, if we take away the means of
defense, I put it to all sensible men whether
or not all commercial values, the value of rail-
road stock, the price of freights and of mer-
chandise, would not be seriously affected by
reason of such insecurity. We are now legis-
lating not merely for to-day, but for the inter-
ests of the distant future, and with reference
to the contingencies of peace and war; and
every sensible man knows that in the long run,
if our harbors are secure and well protected,
business can be done cheaply and econom-
ically ; and in a mere economical point of view
that business is best done which is best pro-
tected, and those freights and carriages are
cheapest which are safest, not only in peace
but in time of war. I would, while I furnished
every facility to trade, surround its mart3 by
impregnable barriers and shut forever all hos-
tile approaches.
Now, here is an island of one hundred and
twenty-eight acres which is too large for a
fort and whatever military works of defense
may be put upon it. But a portion is needed
for such uses. I have no doubt that at, some
central point upon that island there can be
erected a fort whose guns will have a long
range, so as to command an enemy at a dis-
tance ; and there is no doubt also that effective
shore batteries can be erected at points where
every foot of the harbor can be swept by the
fire of their guns. No difficulty upon that
question can arise. The practical proposition
which I would advocate is this: let this island
be surveyed by the Army engineers; let the
forts and works which are necessary be located
upon it; let shore batteries also be located;
reserve all necessary grounds for approaches
to those points and for every means of mili-
tary defense, and then sell the remainder.
Several companies desire to locate depots
upon this island ; to them it is of vast value.
Why should it all be given to the Central Pacific
Railroad Company? Why not let the South-
ern Pacific railroad or any other road from
southeastern California come in? Why not
let the road from Oregon come in? Why not
let every road that desires to come in do so,
and buy the ground necessary for depots, if
enough can be had?
Mr. KELLOGG. The bill provides that
they shall all come in.
Mr. COBURN. It provides that they shall
all come in under the wing of this Central
Pacific Railroad Company. Why give to this
company any more advantage than you give
to any other? Has it, with its enormous
grants and subsidies, a better claim than all
other companies? I would not sell the land
to a single company, much less give it away,
as the friends of the bill do. I would not
couple a gift of millions of dollars with a
monopoly. I would not pour out our treas-
ures into the lap of the most splendid favorite
in the land.
Now, I propose that a law be passed allow-
ing this property to be open to sale, in such
parcels as ttie Secretary of the Interior may
see fit to divide it; providing that after three
months' notice it can be put up at public auc-
tion, and the different railroads now desirous
of using this place, so important to commerce,
can come in and make purchases and erect
depots, buying the property in open market.
This is in the interest of commerce, in the
interest of commerce directly, and in the in-
terest of railroads. Why, I would like to know,
is the Central Pacific Railroad Company the
only company capable of furnishing cheap
freight to the people of the country? Is it
possible gentlemen will rise in their places
and argue in favor of making this enormous
grant to the Ceutral Pacific Railroad Company
alone in view of prospective cheap freights ?
Other railroads can furnish cheap freights as
well as the Central Pacific. Without any hos-
tility to that railroad company, which has done
a great work, almost unrivaled in the history
of mankind, in its extentand boldness; without
any hostility to that company, yet I say that
other railroads should be allowed to come iu
and use the privileges of this place for the erec-
tion of depots as well as that one. This will
allow competition, and beget cheap freights.
This refers all alike to the great laws of trade
which alone regulate prices and values, and
adjust tbem fairly among men.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will now yield five min-
utes of my time to the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Bird.]
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Speaker, there are many
considerations why the House should oppose
the proposition now pending. It is contrary
to every just principle of equity. It is, in my
judgment, in opposition to all fair dealing
between men. There is nothing we do as indi-
viduals in our dealings with each other which
will justify this proposition. This company
has no claim whatever on the Government for
this request. It has no right which it can
enforce in any court of justice. There is no
equity which would require us to do it.
Now, when we remember what has beeu
done for this company, that twenty-five mil-
lion acres of land have been given to it; that
355,000,000 have been bestowed upon it by
way of subsidy; that that railroad has been
already built as it were at the expense of the
Federal Government; that the extent of the
trade done by it is enormous; that the road is
now in a thriving and prosperous condition;
I say, sir, when these benefits are presented
to the mind of any candid individual he can-
not say, " I am willing to give more." There-
fore, if we consider these things this company
has no claim ; if we consider the equity the}'
have no demand; if we consider the circum-
stances in which the road stands to-day there
is nothing which charity requires of us in this
particular.
It is said, Mr. Speaker, that this is not a
grant of land, because it is a rock. If it were
a coal-field it would not be a grant of land,
because it is a coal-field. If it were a gold
mine it would not be a grant of land, because
it is a gold mine. The Central railroad of the
State of New Jersey might have said the same
thing when they asked the State of New Jersey
to give them that vast and valuable tract of
land at the terminus of their road in Jersey
City because it was co-vered with water. The
same maybe said of the Pennsylvania railroad,
or of the Camden and Amboy railroad, when
they asked the gift at Jersey City of property
worth hundreds of thousands of dollars, be-
cause it was covered with water, and therefore
was not a land grant. The statement of the
case is enough to expose the absurdity of the
argument.
It is said further, that it will benefit com-
merce and trade. The same may be said of
every railroad and of every great enterprise in
the country. Is not the extension of every road
designed to benefit commerce? Are not all of
these things an advantage to trade? Manifestly
so. But who are benefited particularly? E'irst,
the railroad corporation. Would this great
corporation ask for this if it did not expect to
be benefited in the first place? They are here
because it does protect and benefit their inter-
ests as a railroad corporation. That is mani-
festly so, or else the corporation would not be
here beseeching Congress to grant the priv-
ilege of allowing them to extend their road to
this island. Ah, no! Trade and commerce
are secondary considerations. The buildings
erected on. this road are for tho benefit and
advantage of the corporation alone; and if it
were for trade and commerce only that they
ask this thing, trade and commerce would
suffer perpetually.
Mr. Speaker, Congress has been giving land
grants to a very great extent, and in my judg*
