1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4208
ritovy in the purchase of a.prison and.ki 8up<
poit of Unired Stales courts; , .•
Au act (S. No. 1162) for the relief of
Edward N. Calvert.; and
An act (S. No. 1172} for the relief of Levi
J. Powell.
WtiSTHRN DISTRICT COURT, MISSOURI:
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. * ,1 art) directed
by the Committee On the Judiciary tb'report
back a bill (H. 11. No 720) to provide for
holding terms of ihe district court ' of; the
United States for the western district of Mis-
souri at St. Joseph and Springfield, in .said
district, and to increase the jurisdiction o^ said
district, court. I move to suspend the rules and
pass ilie bill.
The bul was read.
The question being taken on the suspension
of the rules, there were—ayes fifty-four, noes
not counted
So (two thirds nothaving voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended, and the
bill was not passed.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. STORM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (EI. R. No. 2968) establishing a
post route in Pennsylvania ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, declares the fol-
lowing to be a post route: from Pocorto to
Houser's Mills, in Monroe county, State of
Pennsylvania.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STORM moved to reconsider the .vote
by wliieh the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed,to.
POTTAWATO.UIES.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (S. No. 944) to provide for the
claims of the Pottawatomie Indians-residing in
Michigan and Indiana, which was taken from
the Speaker's table and relerred to the Com
mutt'e on Indian Affairs, may be replaced on
the Sofakt-r's table and hold i's place for con
sideiatioii when it shall be again reached. 1
may be permitted to say that 1 do not desire
to ask aciinti on the bill until the committee
have passed upon it; but 1 do not desire that
it shall lie thrown out of its p'ace. l'hecom-
nutiee have not. acied upon is as yet. In all
probability they will find it to be entire'y.cor-
rect, and 1 ask that it may lie upon the' table
and ilia" it may be taken up when the commit-
tee ha.ve nc"'d upon if.
Mr. HOLMAN. ihe bill makes a Iargfe
appi opriation of money; and the trouble i§,
w ho id to get, that money ? ' :
Mr SllANKS. I will not'call up the'bill
until the commi'tee shall have passed upon if.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will lie upon the Speaker's table, as
among ilio'e bills which were passed over.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
DlfTKlBOTION OP ARMS, ETC.
Mr. TERRY, by unanimous cous,e(it, intro-
duced a bill (H. H. No. 2909) to authorize and
direet ihe Secretaiy of War to distribute arms
and imi'ary equipments under the act of
April 2J, 1808, and acts amendatory thereof;
wl)ieh was read a first and second time.
Ihe bill, which was read, authorizes and
direc s ihe Secretary of War to distribute to
sucu States as did not from the year 1862 to
the year 1869 rective the same, their a.ppro-
pnate quoia of arms and mni'ary tqutpments
lor eaeti year from 1862 to l8S9, pnder tlie aei
of Congress approved April 23, 1808, aud the
several acts amendatory thereof; provided
that in ihe urbanization and equipment of
military companies and organizations with said
arms, uo discrimination shall be made between
said companies and organizations tin account
of raee, color, or former condition of servi-
tude., , •
. The biH w.as ordered to. be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly re^d, the - third time, and
passed. ,
■ .Mr. TERRY- moved-to- reeonsider the. vote
by which ihe biU.was passed ; and also motved
that the motion to reconsider , be.laid on the
 _ , ,
The latter motion was agreed, to*
national oukrkncy,
Mr. GOODRICH moved that'the r'uMs be
suspended to enable him to report from" the
Opinmiueo ou the Judiciary and the House to
pass a bill to amend an act entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by
pledge of United States bonds, and to pro-
vide for. the circulation- :and redemption
thereof." - _/1.
The bill was read in part.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not think it neces-
sary to complete the reading o.f the bill. With-
out dwelling on the fact that this bill has
already been before the. Hf>use and been
rejected, I raise the point of order that the
motion to suspend the rales and pass this bill
cannot lie made while the House is acting
..under a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. If objection is -made, the
motion to suspend the rules cannot be enter-
tained.
Mr. RANDALL. This bill has been -under
consideration of the Committee on Banking
and Currency, or one-simrlar to it, and we
lailedtorecoiometrd.it;
, Mr. SHELDON.- Tt i^ precisely the bill on
which thegenileinan fropi Indtana[Mr. Kerr]
made;a point of order,and which was then
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill is not before the House.
. BAJJK A 1.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Two bills, Sen-
ate bill No 196 and Senate bill No. 905,
were reported unanimously by the Committee
of Claims, and, on points'of order made by
the chairman of-the Committee on Appro-
priations, the gentleman from .Ohio, [Mr. Gar
field,] were relerred to the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar., I understand
he now withdraws his objections^ _. ,
.Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. . I have, since
examined, ihe bills, and am willing to with-
draw tie po-nts of order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Mil higan. I move that the
.Comuiidee of the.Whole be discharged from
the further consideration of the bill (S. No.
196) for the relief of the owners o,f the bark
A 1, and that the same be brottght before
t.h.e House for„consideration.
"flic motion was agreed,to.
The bi:l was read. Jtr.equires the, Secretary
of the Treasury to pay,.from any raoueys-in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
the owners of the bark A 1, lost on ibejndian
ocean, in the year 1864, the sum of $7,808 5:2,
in full coinpeusatiou lor all losses sustained
by them, .the officers and crew of said vessel,
in consequence of the seizure made of said
baik in December, 1S63, and. the imprison-
ment of the officers and crew in Fort Mifflin
by order of General Cadwalader, and her sub-
sequent seizure in January, 1864, by the mar-
shal of the eastern district of Pennsylvania,
and for the deteution of said vessel from her
voyage for the period of fifty two days, fttid
the ioss of the ship stores, and m. full com-
pensation of all other losses restating from
such seizure and detention.
The bill, was ordered to-be-read, a third
time; aud it was, accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider thp vpte by which the bill was passed;
ami also moved that the motion .tp reconsider
be laid on the table. , /
The latter motion was agreed to.
„ ; . HARRIET bfUIAG.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I now move that
the Committee of die Whole on the Private
Calendar be.discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill (S. No 90o) for the re.ief
of Harriet Spring, the heir of Captain Williams
Barker, deceased, and that the same be brought
before the House for consideration.
The motion was agreed t.o.
The bill was read. Jt provides that there
bepaid to Harriet Spring, of Waterville, Maine,
the heir of Captain Williams B.irker, of Water-
ville, Maine, out of'any money in the Treasury
not oiherwise appropriated, the half pay of a
captain from the end of the revolutionary war
to the death of Captain Barker, February 19,
1819; and that a warrant be issued to the said
Harfiet Spring for such bounty land as she, in
virtue of the services of the said Captain Wil-
liams Baiker, deceased, as a private soldier in
said war, is entitled to receive.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a revolutionary
claim seventy-five years old, I believe. I
think we should have a little leisure to look
into it, and I move that the bill be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on
the passage of the bill. It hag already been
before the Committee of Claims, aud has been
reported by that committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I had not heard of this
claim until this bill came before us. It is one
of those old claims, which should be very
carefully considered I ask that the bill may
be again reported.
The bill was again read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would like
the gentleman to explain that bill. It seeing
to be rather unusual to pa^s a bill for a claim
so very old as this, arising from the revolu-
tionary war and coming down to 1819. It may
be all light, but I would like to hear an
explanat'on of it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have made a motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. The fact that it is
a revolutionary claim makes it all the more
meritorious, and 1 believe the bill only pro-
vides for the granting of aland warrant.
M/. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh no; it gives
the half pay of a captain from Ihe revolutionary
war down to 1819, and also a land warrant.
The bill maybe all right; I do not want to
prejudice it at all, but I do ask that the gentle-
man froai Michigan may have time to make
an explanation of it.
, Mr. , BLAIR, of Michigan. I will state that
this case was not particularly under my charge
in the Committee of Claims, but I remember
that the case was examined in the Senate, and
that the facts stated in the Senate, report were
found by the House committee to be true. The
bill was agreed to unanimously by the com-
.tnitiee as being right. 1 ihink my colleague
■on the committee from Maine [Mr. Frye] bad
charge of the matter, and is familiar with the
facts, but he is not here to-day. I cannot
myself state the facts from memory; all that
I recollect is that we looked over the Senate
report, and all the members of. the committee
were satisfied that the facts stated in that re-
port were true. For some reason thenameof
this officer was not properly borne upon the
rolls, but the proof is abundant that he did the
service.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope, then,
the gentleman will allow the bill to retain its
place upon the table until the gentlemau from
Maine returns.
_ Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I have no objec-
tion to that at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the bill is in
Committee of the Whole on tlie Private Cal-
endar now.
The SPEAKER. Two thirds of the House
can pass it whether it be in Committee of the
Whole or on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOLMAN. But it will remain ia Com-
mittee of the WhbW.
