1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2411
is nil ideal—a set of ideaswhich have no bounds or
marks whatever, 'i'heir whole existence is in the
raind alone, incapable of any other mode of acqui-
sition or enjoyment than by mental possession or
apprehension." (4 Burr., 2361.)
His colleague, Thurlow, afterward chancel-
lor, ia the first case said :
"Thesubject must be abstracted, ideal, incorporeal,
composition. It ehould be something that should
be seen, felt, given, delivered, lost, orstoleninorder
to constitute property." (1 Bl, Kep., 338J
According to this line of argument it was
shown that an advowson, fishery, common, and
like incorporeal hereditaments, because they
could neither be seen; felt, given, delivered, nor
stolen, in the sense meant by Thurlow were
not property. This same Yatescontended that
by the act of publication the author's senti-
ments, arrangement, and style are thrown into
a state of universal communication, or intel-
lectual hotch-potch. Thurlow says "Every
subscriber has a right to do what he pleases
with the book he subscribes forcan multi-
ply copies at his pleasure. Yates says, " Can
lie complain of losing the bird he himself has
voluntarily let outl"
But Sir William Blackstone and Lord
Mansfield took the higher ground of right.
They both held that every author in Gieat
Britain had, by the common law, a perpet-
ual and absolute copyright in his published
works before the act of 8 Anne; that that act
only cumulated the remedies, and was intended
to increase the common-law right and not to
abridge it. At the time the eases were under
discussion all admitted the author's right in
his manuscripts, but the enemies of copyright
contended that when he publishes it he makes
his ideas common property, and may be appro
priated by the first leader of the published
work as abandoned property; that the reader
may alter, publish, multiply editions, and 'take
any other liberties his fancy may suggest.
this great contest for perpetual authorship
was carried on at a time almost contempo-
raneous with the framing of our Federal Con-
stitution,-and it rather puzzles one reading the
history of that neriod how the bombast of Lord
Camden and the metaphysical jargon of Yates
and Thurlow should weigh more with practi-
cal and just men like Madison, Hamilton, and
Jay, than the masterly argument of Black-
stone and the learned and unanswerable opin-
ion of Lord Mansfield. It must be regretted
that the men who had so large a share in fram-
ing our matchless Constitution permitted this
infraction of right to be embodied in it in the
most enduring form of legislation, u by secur-
ing for limited times to authors the exclusive
right to their writings."
In point of morality, as well as of law and
justice, there can be no limit as^ to the time
a man may enjpy his own acquisitions. If the
legislative power should attempt to say to us
that we should enjoy our real estate or per-
sonal property for the period of fourteen years,
and then it was to become the property of the
first stranger that might see fit to occupy it,
we would pronounce such an attempt a piece
of tyranny and wrong, worthy only of the bar-
barous periods of the past.
Not. only has this clear and undoubted prin-
ciple of right been violated in this country and
m England, both in our statutory enactments
and judicial proceedings as to the time of its
enjoyment, but also as to the place of its en-
joyment. Right is an eternal and immutable
principle. It does not change with seasons,
and is no respecter of place. Right is not one
thing on this side of the Atlantic and another
thing on the other; yet Legislatures, in deal-
ing °with the question of literary property,
have ignored the universality of right. They
say it does make some difference on which side
of the English channel a man lives in order
to settle the question of his right to his ideal
creations.
Mr. Speaker, let us set the seal of our con-
demnation to a doctrine so unworthy of a civ-
ilized nation. Let us make the author in law
what he is in fact, a citizen of the world. Let
us recognize the grand republic of letters into
which genius is admitted irrespective of the
accidental circumstances of place or time.
Legislatures may limit the rights of genius,
yet no land nor clime can either limit or claim
his productions. Shakespeare, Milton, Scott,
and Macaulay have the same interest for us as
for the nation which granted them copyrights.
Irving and Longfellow, Prescott and Motley
are read with as much relish by the millions
of readers across the waters as in the United
States. The misanthropic Byron was affected
to tears at receiving a letter written by. a gen-
tleman residing on the banks of the Missouri
(a place he had supposed to be beyond the
pale of civilization) stating that he had read
one of that great poet's immortal productions.
The bill introduced by the gentleman from
New Yoik [Mr. Cox] is an attempt to remove
this great reproach to the civilized nations of
the world. It ignores the circumstances of
country in granting copyrights. The bill, in
substance, provides that a citizen or resident
of any foreign country, who shall be the author
of any book, map, chart, dramatic work, or
musical composition, that may be first pub-
lished in any foreign country after this act
shall go into operation, and the executors,
administrators, or legal assigns of such citizen
or resident of any foreign country, shall have
the same exclusive right and liberty to multi-
ply and sell copies of such works in the United
States that are now granted by the laws of the
United States to native authors. And in order
that a universal recognition o( this right may
be attained, the provisions of this act are not
extended to the books and works of authors
that may be first published in any foreign coun-
try where the laws shall not, at the time of
first publication, grant to citizens of the Uni-
ted States and residents thereof privileges and
benefit of copyright equal in extent to those
therein specified.
in order to remove the objections usually
i urged against an international copyright it is
j provided that the benefits of the act shall not
| be extended to any republication in this coun-
try, unless all the editions of such republi-
cation shall be wholly manufactured in the
United States, and be issued by a publisher
who is a citizen thereof. Thus it will be seen
the printer, the paper-maker, and the type-
founder, the three classes of persons for whom
Mr. Carey and his school are very solicit-
ous, are well protected. In order to bring
within the provisions of thi3 act the non-
English speaking nations of Europe, it is
further provided that the author of any book
first published in a foreign country, who may
choose to reserve the right of translating it,
shall have in the United States the protection
of a copyright of such translation, provided
the original work shall have been duly regis-
tered in the clerk's office of some district court
of the United States, and a copy of it shall
have been depositedin the Library of Congress
within four months after its first publication in
the foreign country ; that in the first publica-
tion of the original work the author shall have
announced on its title-page his intention to
I; reserve the right to translate it. The author,
ji in this case, must, within six months after the
!; date of the registration of the original work
i< for copyright, offer the authorized translation
I' to some American publisher for publication
!'l in the United States. The same requirements
as to manufacture m the United States and
sale by publishers who are citizens thereof,
are provided for, as in the case ot^ republica-
i' tions. This copyngbt in translations is not
i extended to any book or work first pnblisheu
j in a foreign country where a similar procec
tion of copyright shall not have been granted
i1 to the tianslated works of American authors.
The act also provides that the author of a
book who may desire to republish it in this
country shall not be entitled to the protec-
tion of copyright unless he shall have first
deposited in the Library of Congress one copy
of the best foreign edition of such work, and
have duly registered the same in the clerk's
office of some district court of the Unitfe*
States, for copyright, within three months after
its first publication in the foreign country ; and
also, unless within three months after first pub-
lication a bona fide arrangement shall have
been made with some American publisher for
immediate publication in thi3 United States.
These are the substantial provisions of the act.
It is well guarded in its provisions. I am
of opinion that it will be found that the time
between the first publication in the foreign
country and the contract for publication m
this is too short, especially in the case of
translations. This, however, can be easily
amended.
And now, Mr. Speaker, what are the objec-
tions to an international copyright? Tak-
ing in consideration the facts that the objec-
tion usually urged in behalf of the printer,
the type and paper manufacturers is obviated
by this bill, there is but one objection' left;
and that is, that it will compel the reader to
pay more for the book thus protected by a
copyright than he now does. This is the only
serious objection that ever has been or can be
urged to a law like that proposed in the bill
before me. But the argument by which this
objection is sought to be established proves
too much, and therefore proves nothing.
For this same objection applies to all copy-
rights; it can be urged with as much force
against protection to the native as to the
foreign author. If it were not for our copy-
right law you could buy any standard work
ot au American author for one half what we
have to pay now. The same objection ap-
plies to our patent-right laws; a good sewing-
machine for which we now pay sixty-five dol-
lars, could be purchased lor thirty dollars.
Nearly half of the amount which the farmer
pajs for a reaper or mower goes to the pat-
entee. Mr. Carey and his friends, to be consist-
ent, ought to demand the repeal of all our
copyright and patent-right laws.
in the next place, Mr. Carey forgets that
there is another party here besides the reader,
whose claim to recognition demands some
attention—the author. It is very pleasant to
contemplate the reader in his comfortable
slippers and study-gown reading the matchless
creations of Scott; but let us in our imagina-
tion go to the study of the author. Let us
consider the years of toil and anxiety it cost
to delight our reader for whom Mr. Carey
seems so solicitous. Lot us recollect the mid-
night lamp, the brain sweat, and the final
bankruptcy of this great man who has de-
lighted millions of his fellow-creatures, and
then we can realize in some measure that there
is some one else to be protected besides the
reader.
But supposing it did increase the price of
the foreign book, shall we trample upou right
and justice becauseone of the inteiested parties
might be advantaged by so doing? In the
name of the millions of honest American
readers, I denounce the argument as an impu-
tation upon their character. They have not
asked, so far as I know, either by petition or
otherwise, fiom us any sueh unjust privilege.
A few of our publishing pirates who have made
fortunes by robbing poor foreign authors, have
made this plea for the reader without his coil-
sent. The honest English reader would not
object to pay as much as we would toward a
Prescott, who, groping his way in blindness
through the mazes of Spanish and Mexican
history, charms us no less by the beauty of his
diction than by the interest of his story.
But the benefits of an international copy'
