1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
the State of Iowa, nine; to the State of Wisconsin,
eight; to the State of California, four; to the State
of Minnesota, three; to the State of Oregon, one;
to the State of Kansas, three; to the State of "West
Virginia, three; to the State of Nevada, one; to the
State of Nebraska, one: Provided, That if, after such
apportionment shall have been made, any new State
shall be admitted into the Union, the Representative
or Representatives of such new State shall bo addi-
tional to the number of two hundred and eighty-
three herein limited.
Arid to insert in lieu thereof the following :
That from and after tho 3d day of March, 1873,
the House of Representatives shall be composed of
two hundred and forty-tliree members, to be appor-
tioned among the several States in accordance with
the provisions of this act, that is to say: to the State
of Maine, four; to the State of New Hampshire,
two; to the State of Vermont, two; to the Statoof
Massachusetts, nine: to the State of Rhode Island,
one: to the State of Connecticut, three; to the State
of New York, twenty-eight; to the State of New
Jersey, six; to the State of Pennsylvania, twenty-
two ; to the Stato of Delaware, one; to the State of
Maryland, five; to the State of Virginia, eight; to
the State of North Carolina, seven; to tho State of
South Carolina, four; to the State of Georgia, eight;
to the State of Alabama, six* to the State of Missis-
sippi, five; to the State of Louisiana, five; to the
State of Ohio, seventeen ; to the State of Kentucky,
eight; to the Stateof Tennessee, eia;ht; to the State
of Indiana,, eleven: to the State of Illinois, sixteen;
to the State of Missouri, eleven; to the State of
Arkansas, three: to the State of Michigan, seven;
to the State of Florida, oao; to the State of Texas,
five; to the State of Iowa, eight; to the State of
"Wisconsin, seven; to the Stateof California, four;
to the State of Minnesota, three; to the Stateof
Oregon, one; to the State of Kansas, two; to the
State of West Virginia, three; to the State of Ne-
vada,one; to the Stateof Nebraska, one: Provided,
That if, after such apportionment,shall have been
made, any new State shall be admitted into tho
Union, the Representative or Representatives of
such new State shall be additional^ to the number
of two hundred and forty-three herein limited.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order to carry out the
view that I have expressed, and in order to
test the sense of the Senate on the jiroposi-
tion that I have advocated in committee and
out of it last year and this, that the number
ought to be increased, I move to amend the
amendment, so that we can have the sense of
the Senate in that way, by striking out " two
hundred and forty three" and inserting "three
hundred." Then, if that is agreed to, the
details can be adjusted afterward.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the Committee
on the Judiciary, increasing the number of
Representatives to three hundred.
'1 he question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 31; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cragiti, Edmunds, Flan-
agan, Gilbert, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Patterson, Ramsey, Rice, Schurz,
Sherman, Sprague, and Wilson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boreman, Caldwell,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
of West: Virginia, }:'enton. Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan. Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaito,
Hamilton ofTexas, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly,
Norwood, Osborn, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Scott, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
Xrumbull, and Wright—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Clay-
ton, Cooper, Corbett, Hamilton of Maryland, Har-
lan, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Pom-
eroy. Pool, Pratt, Spencer, Stewart, Tipton, Vick-
ers. West, and Windom—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I presume I
am in the condition of a very large number
of the Senate, being one who has not had
very much time to examine the report of the
committee since it was made. I got the re-
port yesterday afternoon and carried it home
with me. I had to attend a committee meet-
ing this morning, and I have not had time crit-
ically to examine it. I desire to make some
remarks upon the House bill, and I would
like a little farther time to examine the re-
port of the Judiciary Committee before a
linal vote shall be had upon the bill before us.
I think it is a matter of sufficient importance
to justify us in taking a little more time to I
consider it. As it is now the usual time of |
our adjournment, if there be no objection, I
will move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President- 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator persists in
his desire to have this bill postponed, I pro-
pose to interpose a motion to postpone its
consideration, with a view to take up the res-
olution with regard to final adjournment.
Mr MORRILL, of Vermont. I will change
the motion. I move to postpone the present
bill until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho Sena-
tor from Vermont moves to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the present bill until
to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope no such course
will bo adopted now in regard to this bill.
Here is a bill the importance of early action
upon which everybody recognizes. The Legis-
latures of numerous States are in session, and
are prolonging their sessions to know how-
many members of Congress are to be appor-
tioned to their States that they may district
them. If this bill is to have the go-by to get
up a resolution on another subject, it will bo
discussed here, perhaps, for weeks, like the
amnesty question. Now I ask of Senators to
hold on to this bill, and let us act upon it; I
hope to-night, and if not to-night, certainly
to-morrow.
The Senator from Vermont says he wants
to examine it. Why, sir, this bill passed the
House of Representatives more than a month
ago. The House bill has been before us more
than a month. It is no new question. It was
reported by the Judiciary Committee as long
ago as Tuesday, and it is not a question about
which, it seems to me, the Senate need take
a great deal of time. It is a matter that can
be readily understood. We have got to ap-
portion the members of Congress upon the
late census in some form, and you can adopt
no rule that will satisfy everybody. Perhaps
the one that is adopted comes as near it as
any one that we could adopt; but if not, let
us vote down this and agree on some other
one. I am not particular about it. 1. would
have been satisfied to pass the bill as it came
from the House of Representatives at once. 1
am satisfied to do that now. As I reported
this bill with amendments as the organ of the
committee, I will vote to sustain the amend-
ments; but all 1 desire is a vote, and I shall
be entirely satisfied to take the bill as it
passed the House of Representatives. Nor
would T complain at all if the Senate thought
proper to amend it by adopting the motion of
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmukds]
to fix the number of representatives at three
hundred, though I did not vote for that
amendment.
As I said, having reported the bill in the
shape that it is upon your table, with the
amendments, I feel that unless some good
reason should be given that I have not heard
in the Senate, it is my duty to stand by the
report so far as to vote for it; but I do pro-
test against these efforts to put over the bill
and delay it. This is Friday, and I think we
ought to finish it to-night. If we cannot
to-night, I ask the Senate not to give it the
go-by, but to hold on to it until it is time to
adjourn, and then to adjourn until to-morrow,
and come here then and finish it this week.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It was with
no view to retard the passage of this bill that
I made the suggestion that I Lave made to the
Senate.
The Senator talks of this being here for a
month. Why, sir, the Senate committee held
it in their hands nearly the whole of the time.
They have been examining it nearly a mouth,
and now they give us but a single day to exam-
ine their elaborate work. I have not made this
motion in any spirit of defeating tho bill, or
with any intention of getting up anything else ;
but I do ask in common fairness that we may
have time to examine this intricate report that
has been made here by the Senator from Illi-
nois. My inclination has been strong to support
the bill as reported by the Judiciary Commit-
tee, and I confess that I voted for the motion
of my colleague with great doubt as to its pro-
priety. I want time to examine the subject. I
can go on to-night and make my remarks in
criticising the bill of the House ; but in com-
mon decency I do not want to find fault with
the bill of the House unless I have something
better to propose. Therefore I ask that this
subject may go over until to-morrow. We
have reached the usual time for adjournment,
and I do not think the Senate ought to be under
the whip and spur to pass this bill at the first
sitting that we get it up for consideration.
Mr. FLANAGAN. 1 most earnestly hope
that the proposition of my friend from Ver-
mont will be acceded to by the Senate, For
my part, I am disposed to submit some remarks
upon these bills. Neither one nor the other
of them suits me. Therefore I shall not be
prepared to vote very hurriedly in this case.
It is a very important measure. If either
proposition submitted to the Senate now was
enacted, I would not feel like going back to
Texas if I had not entered my protest. My
State to some extent has been thrown outside.
She is not upon an equality with the great
States of this Union. I must at least show
that I endeavored to place her thus before I
can claim that I have represented my State as
I should do. Therefore I move, sir, that the
Senate go into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
I hope that the Senate will act upon this bill
this evening. The judgment of tho Senate is
as fixed as fate upon this measure, and a
month's discussion would not at all modify
that judgment or the decision of the Senate.
Anybody that looks at the auspices under which
it is pressed, as they have manifested them-
selves in the Senate to-day, will understand
that party considerations have decidcd and
will express the judgment of the Senate upon
this measure, and that party decision is as
fixed and as inflexibly rendered now as it is
possible to be; and if the honorable Senator
from Indiana and his friends will just permit
the Senate to come to a vote, although I shall
vote differently from what he does, I have no
doubt at all that the result will be in con-
formity to his wishes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to postpone the further consideration of
this bill until to-morrow.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope it will not be
postponed. Even if the Senate do not wish
to proceed with the bill further to-day, why
should we postpone it? Let it be the unfin-
ished business when we adjourn or go into
executive session. Do not postpone it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not ask
to have it postponed, but merely to leave it so
that it will come up at our next session.
Mr. THURMAN. That can be effected by
a motion to adjourn or to go into executive
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion to go into
executive session has been made and voted
down, and I hope it will not be renewed,
Mr. THURMAN. I hope so, too.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have a vote on
the amendment of the Judiciary Committee.
That will be a test question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will be a test ques-
tion.
