1516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
ment, and if it appears clearly that the Gov-
ernment has no use for it, let it be put up for
sale to the highest bidder, and if the Central
Pacific railroad shall buy it, let them pay to
the Government of the United States what it
is worth when set up to the highest^ bidder,
and let that amount of money go into the
Treasury of the United States ; but let us not
continue giving away the property of the Uni-
ted States to every railroad corporation that
come here and demand it at our hands.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SE.\A-TJS.
A message from the Senate, which was com-
municated to the House by Mr. Sympsox, one
of its clerks, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 245) amendatory
of an act authorizing the construction of a
bridge across the Arkansas river.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment a bill
of the House of the following title:
A bill (H. 11. No. 1534) to authorize the
construction of a fire-proof building at Albany,
New York.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
bills of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 619) appropriating money
for the purchase of a suitable site and erect-
ing a building thereon, in the city of St. Louis,
Missouri, to be used for the purposes of a
custom-house, post office, and other Federal
offices;
A bill (H. R. No. G35) to change the name
of the pleasure-yacht Lois to that of Sea-
Witch ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1539) to provide for a
building for the use of the post office, custom-
house, pension office, United States circuit
and district courts, and internal revenue offices
at Hartt'ord, Connecticut.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed (and requested the con-
currence of the House therein) bills of the
following titles:
A bill (S. No. 382) to provide for a build-
ing for the use of the Federal courts, post
office, internal revenue and other civil offices
in the city of Little Rock, Arkansas;
A bill (S. No. 467) to provide for the erec-
tion of a building suitable for the use of the
United States courts, post office, and other
Government offices at Raleigh, North Caro-
lina; and
A bill (8. No. 530) to provide for the dis-
position of that portion of the military reser-
vation at Fort Ripley, Minnesota, which lies
east of the Mississippi river.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1553) relating to the
Central Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. BOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I feci very
confident that as this measure comes to be
well understood and considered, the prospect
of the passage of this bill through this body
will be correspondingly diminished. The de-
feat of this measure in the last Congress was
the result of a protracted discussion. When
this bill was first introduced, it was found to
be a measure of extreme strength. And yet,
after a proper examination of the subject, the
propriety of granting so valuable a portion of
the public property for the advantage of this
corporation became so questionable that the
measure was defeated. But the magnitude of
the matter at stake was such as to bring every
possible pressure to bear upon the action of
the House, and the measure was defeated by
' only two majority."
If this valuable property is to be given to this
corporation, it certainly should be upon some
good and sufficient grounds of public advan-
tage. There must be shown some public reason
for it. I submit that no reason has been pre-
sented to justify Congress in giving this public
property to a private corporation.^ It would
be very convenient for this corporation to have
this property ; it would facilitate its business
operations; would add largely to its wealth,
and would facilitate its transportation of mer-
chandise from the sea-board. These are the
arguments, very good arguments why the cor-
poration should secure this property if it
can ; but these are certainly not arguments
in favor of Congress granting property worth
$2,500,000 as a free gift to this corporation.
The property belongs to the whole people. I
deny the right of Congress to give it away to
the few gentlemen who compose this corpora-
tion, thus increasing their wealth $2,500,000
at the public expense.
The fact is before the House and the coun-
try that great railroad corporations organized
by the Government, and which have received
from its munificence grants beyond any prece-
dent up to that time in our history, owning the
railroad from the Mississippi to the Pacific
ocean, now desire to appropriate this prop-
erty, half of an island in the bay of San Fran-
cisco—the island said to contain one hundred
and forty-four acres—known to be of great
value, to their own private use. The question is
whether the Representatives of the people can
consistently with their duty enlarge the wealth
of these corporations at the public expense.
The fact has been mentioned so often that
it is well known to every citizen that the great
corporations for whose benefit this grant will
inure, if it shall be made, have already received
from the unexampled munificence of this Gov-
ernment $55,092,192 in the bonds of the Gov-
ernmentand twenty-seven million acres of pub-
lic lands. And so mindful has this Government
been of the interest of these corporations, which
have a common interest in the pending grant,
that to this very hour we pay the interest upon
the $55,092,192 of bonds issued for their benefit
out of the public Treasury. We do not even ap-
ply toward the liquidation of the interest the
full amount due to the corporations from the
Government for transporting the mails, but we
permit them to receive from the Treasury one
half of the amount of their charges for the
transportation of the mails, military stores,
and other property of the United States, in-
stead of applying it to the liquidation of the
interest annually accruing on the bonds, so
that we have paid of interest on those bonds
issued to the three corporations directly inter-
ested in this grant—the Union Pacific, th#
Central Pacific, and the Western Pacific Rail-
road Companies—the sum of §9,544,000, not
one dollar of which has been repaid ; making
the sum which these three corporations have
received from the Government, in bonds and
money, $61,636,000; and including the branch
roads, the Kansas Pacific, the central branch
of the Union Pacific, and the Sioux City and
Pacific, the bonds issued and money paid and
unrefunded, the sum of $75,778,257 ; and all
this independent of the imperial grant of lands ;
giving these gentlemen the great railroad
and princely fortunes besides, and they are
here demanding more ! Mr. Speaker, I doubt
whether, evsu under those imperial forms of
government where favoritism and special
franchises are the bulwarks of political power,
a policy so extraordinary can bo shown as has
already been displayed toward these corpora-
tions and those which have followed in their
track and almost exhausted your public pos-
sessions.
But I call attention to the fact that your own
engineers, appointed by your authority, have
reported to Congress that this whole island
should be appropriated to the exclusive uses of
the Government. I quote from their report:
" When the board first entered upon the investi-
gation of this subject some of its members wore dis-
posed to think that all of these things might be pro-
vided for; all necessary security given to the water-
front, and yet a portion of the northeastern end of
the island and the adjacent shoal toward the north-.
west might be given up to commercial purposes.
But as the investigation has proceeded, this opinion
has changed, and all the members of the board now
present aro of the opinion that no portion of the
island or of tho adjacent shoal should pass out of
the control of tho Government."
They also report further as to the value of
this island:
"This island is regarded in this city as a very
valuable piece of property. If the public mind
could be disabused of the idea that it may be ob-
tained for railroad and commercial purposes by an
act of Congress, and if the Government were dis-
posed to sell the island and were to put it up at
auction to be sold to the highest bidder, it would
probably bring $5,000,000."
The officers who made this examination and
report are known to be of tho highest char-
acter and competency, and their report is
clearly approved by your chief of engineers.
And yet it is demanded that the one half of
this valuable property shall be given to this
corporation. The public must yield to the
demands of a corporation. Would the gentle-
men composing this corporation dare to present
themselves upon this floor with such a demand ?
It would be an -unendurable presumption.
Wealthy, influential, and high in social posi-
tion as they may be, yet as a corporation they
ask as a gift $2,500,000 of public property to
bo appropriated to their private use and ben-
efit. Gentlemen should blush in presenting
such a proposition, and it should meet only
the indignation of this House. It is intoler-
able in a republic that public property, the
rightful possession of the whole people, should
be diverted from public purposes and devoted
to the benefit of a few citizens to aggrandize
their wealth. It is vain to say that this prop-
erty is to be appropriated to the uses of com-
merce. The same argument might be used in
favor of every grant of public property. You
might exhaust the resources of this country
upon arguments even more plausible than that.
It is not a right of way, but the half of this
island of Yerba Buena, that is demanded. If
it is valuable to this corporation, and the Gov-
ernment ean safely dispose of it, let this cor-
poration pay its value, as other citizens do
when they desire to obtain property for their
own use.
The foreign trade of San Francisco, of which
so much is said_, is of comparatively little mo-
ment to the entire country. The exports from
that port amount to comparatively nothing;
less than a million dollars a year to both China
and Japan. The last monthly exhibit of ex-
ports laid before us, that for October last, only
shows exports to the amount of $83,118, an
amount smaller than that exported from many
ports of the country which have nsver received
any aid from the Government. And yet, in
further aid of the business of this railroad
interest, we pay a subsidy of $500,000 a year
to the Pacific mail line to China and Japan to
bring tea, Vfhich otherwise would come by the
Isthmus and the Suez canal; and they are here
asking $500,000 more.
But I urge the fact that here is property
which, according to the report of your own
officers, ought to be retained for the sole pur-
poses of the Government, and that this prop-
erty is worth $5,000,000. _ This is the property
which it is proposed to divert from the public
use and appropriate as a free gift to private
purposes. The statement of the fact is the
strongest argument against it.
But the fact that this bill proposes to give
to this corporation, or this handful of influen-
tial gentlemen, property worth $2,500,000, is
not to my mind the main fact to be considered.
The question is, are you ever to stop this pol-
icy of building up and aggrandizing the power
of these great corporations? Will you still
continue to make them more and more dan-
gerous to the liberties of this country ? What
can be more demoralizing than your policy ?
The country is startled by the fact which was
developed only yesterday that a recently high
officer of this Government, once hoidingahigh
position in your Army, was proposing to form
acombination among the railroads ofthecoun-
