1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2413
for time immemorial, could not be settled on
any system of equity known to civil jurispru-
dence, and certainly not by virtue of a gen-
uine Christum civilization, and must find solu-
tion only in that demand now so potent in
and around these Halls, made as it is here by
ambitious and avaricious men, because they
want the land, irrespective of the holder's
title. But I do not intend to go back to repair
wrongs already committed by the whites, or
palliate offenses against law and justice com-
mitted by the Indians in the time since the
discovery. It is enough to meet the perils of
the present hour.
From my childhood hours, when I read of
border warfares and sacrifices of the families
of the frontier settlers, and mourned over their
privations arid their sufferings, to this hour I
have recognized in the sad history and tradi-
tions of the conflict of the red and white races
the result of bad influences by individuals,
combinations, or of foreign Governments for
personal or national gain or revenge. Cortez
and Pizarro in Mexico and Peru ; Simon
Girty in Ohio; Rogers in Tennesse and Ar-
kansas; the British Government, during the
revolutionary war, and a host of others since,
misled these people to practice on the white
race cruel and savage warfare, common to
them in their tribal wars prior to the dis
coverv. I hardly need to state that avarice
and malice were the origin and moving causes
of ihe first and subsequent Indian troubles in
America, and that without their pernicious
effects no wars would have existed. The sim-
ple and confiding character of these people
when first discovered fully warrant this state-
ment.
Prom the earliest border warfares to this
time the most casual observer will detect the
unerring evidence of bad influences exercised
by designing men upon the credulity and
passions of this untutored people ; and, con-
sidering all the facts, relieve them of much
of the guilt that is too commonly ascribed to
them.
The Indian, like the Caucasian, is a proud
man ; he loves his country and institutions,
and will die rather than yield them or the
long-established habits of his fathers in them.
Thirteen millions of Christian people in
this country recently fought four years to
maintain human slavery in their midst, because
accustomed to its existence. Charity and a
a fair consideration would not condemn the
untutored Indians for adhering to the_ habits
and customs of their fathers, nor hesitate to
bear with their follies in kindness and forbear-
once ; but the desire for their lands has over-
leaped every other consideration, and violence
and deception become mutual and trouble-
some.
I have long been impressed with the seem-
ing neglect of this race. While the American
and other Christian people have extended the
hand of friendship and support to the oppressed
and distressed of all other lands, these much-
wronged of our own country are passed with, a
poor recognition and a less benefit. The de-
tail of individual church and mission avarice,
that scars the countless treaties made with
tribes and bands of Indians, presents a sorrow-
ful record of Christian virtue, and raises some
plausible doubts of its real existence in those
of its professors who have engaged in these
moral failures but speculative triumphs.
There are exceptions to these wrongs^ and
moral failures, but they stand illustrated be-
cause they are exceptions.
Much as the history of savage cruelty prac-
ticed by these untutored, provoked, and mis-
guided' people may have aroused our ill-will
toward them, yet the weli-authenticateu facts
of their native charity, childish credulity, and
their simple 'aith. when first discovered by the
while race, and before they had been estranged,
betrayed, wronged, robbed, and maddened by
reckless adventurers, proves the native truth-
ful character of this_people, and demands that
the survivors of their race be justly dealt with
in this enlightened and better Christian age,
that our humanity may not be put to shame in
this noonday of its splendor, and our Republic
be made to blush over the ill-advice of its pro-
fessed friends for the violation of its solemn
contracts with the«e defenseless people. That
painful anxiety, the offspring of uncertainty,
is upon the Indians of this country. The oft-
repeated and as often perm;tted encroach-
ments upon their homes, and the utter waste
of their power, has made them fearful of the
worst. No one of them has a heart to labor
or to learn. A more active but less generous
civilization is upon them, and wants then-
moneys and their lands.
. Theraceealled Indian, who were the possess
ors of this continent when it was discovered by
Columbus and his coadjutors, numbered, north
of the Isthmus of D .irion, over three millions of
souls, and within the teriitory now constituting
the limits of the United States, exclusive of
Alaska, over two and half millions of people.
These people were not Jews, Christians, Mo-
hammedans, or Pagans. They believed in an
invisible God, cieator aud ruler of all things,
and revered him with a reverence that would
do honor to many of our more fashionable
professors and divines. Their traditions of
the past agreed well with our histories Their
traditions concerning the creation and the
flood, their belief of a future state of existence
and accountability, though crude and indefinite
in explanation, were zealously believed by ail
the people; and but for the mad avarice of
the early discoverers, and subsequent specula-
tors that, in brutal and deceptive violence ot'
every virtue, wronged and maddened them,
they would, with their confidence in the new-
comer, their reverence for his learning and
power, and their ability to learn, have become
a valuable element in our body-politic and
prospered with us, and the nation been saved
the shame of the annihilation of a race for the
possession of its dominion.
Our first permanent white settlements were
made at Jamestown, Virginia, in May, 1607,
and at Plymouth, Massachusetts, December
16, 1620.
Prom these two settlements commence the
era of white increase and Indian decrease
within our present above described limits.
In the two hundred and fifiy intervening
years since that date that fated race has de-
creased from over two and a half millions to
about two hundred and fifty thousand souls,
showing an average diminution in numbers of
ten thousand per year for the two hundred and
fifty consecutive years.
The simple announcement of the fact in this
place calls for some certain and efficient rem-
edy to stay the ruin and threatened annihila-
tion of the race.
At the same average rate, even with the
basis now so severely reduced, the whole
Indian population of this country must soou
pass away, to be remembered only by the tra-
ditions ot the past, badly remembered aud
carelessly told, and by histories written by
their enemies, of their wrongs, with the wrongs
they did to themselves and to others, with lit-
tle truthful record left to the world ol their
real virtues as a people, or wiiat coutd be
made for them and of them by a proper ap-
plication of a genuine Christian forbearance
and humane treatment; and hardly a record
to show that this would have been granted
to them by the great masses of the people,
but- for the fact that the relation between
i the frontiersman antl the Indian was. and
1 still is, male one of variance and strife, by
j designing andavaricous men. Many ot Uiern,
■ under tlie cloak of religion and a plea of civil-
ization and progress, in the name ot God and
humanity, have plundered these unsuspecting
and defenseless people during all the long
period from the time that Cortex, in the name
of the church, murdered a nation in Mexico
for gold, down to the last meeting of that
column of avaricious and greedy men, corpora-
tions and officials, who hold stock and bonds,
in projected railx-oad3 through the Indian ter-
ritory and other reservations; that combina-
tion of designing and avaricious'men, that
cabal of speculators congregated at this capi-
tal, who falsely, in the name of civilization,
have plotted the violation of the nation's good
faith, pledged, as it is, by patents under the
great seal of the nation, given by law and by
treaties made under and by express authority
of that law, and the disruption of the peace
and quiet of the Indian territory, and the open
and shameless robbery of its inhabitants, in
the interest of speculators, who will neither
improve the soil, foster general education,
cherish religious interests, aid civilization, or
exercise a common humanity toward the
Indian ; but, selfish and soulless, as such spec-
ulators are, they will retard the very civiliza-
tion in whose name they hope falsely to gain
strength, in which to violate justice and the
nation's honor for their own personal aggran-
dizement, in the robbery of the Indian lands
from them, from homestead, and from preemp-
tion laws.
Mr. Speaker, I now desire to, and during
the remainder of my remarks will, confine
myself to the consideration of the relations
between the United States and the tribes or
nations of Indians occupying or to occupy the
Indian territory lying west of the State of
Arkansas.
I desire to oppose the establishment of a
territorial form of government over that terri-
tory, with my reasons therefor, and with my
objections to the bills that have beeu intro-
duced into Congress for that purpose.
The following are the tribes or nations of
Indians inhabiting the Indian territory over
which it is proposed by some to establish a
territorial form of government. The name of
tribes and population are given:
Population.
Cherokees 14,082
Creeks 
Choctaws $0
Chiokataws  ^>.000
Pottawatoraies 
Seminole-*  2,300
Sac and Fox  |6S
Oagcs     
ICiowas. Comanche.?, and. Apaches  o.itz
Arapahoes and Cheyennes  *
Peorias, Kaskaskias, Weas, Piankeaiiawj  lol
Ottawas   
ShawDoes 
Wyandotts  ^
Senecas 
Making a total population of 61,836
The principal nations or tribes of Indians
occupying the territory which it is by some
proposed to organize as the territory of Okla-
homa, are the Cherokee, Choctaw, Chickasaw,
and Creeks. It was to these several tribes that
the lands composing that territory were ceded
by the United States, after the possessory title
of the original possessors, theOsages, bad been
extinguished by purchase under treaty.
ORIGINAL INDIAN TITLE OXE OF OCCUPANCY ONLY.
As undor the European Governments the
public domain, including all newly discovered
countries, was held to bo the property of the
Crown, so, under our form of government, all
public and unoccupied lands are held to oethe
property cf the United States; and the rela-
tion between the Indian tribes and the Gov-
ernment of the United States is held to be
the same that existed between them and the
European discoverers, the umveisal rule
having been to consider the Indians as occu-
pants'of the soil merely.
These facts have been taken for granted m
the transactions of our Government with the
Indians, and with our own citizens.
By the charters from the British Crown the
title to the land passed to the several colonies,
