510
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Condition of the South—Mr. Sloss.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
York. When she was about to enter Sandy
Hook she was overhauled by the British ship
of war Saturn, and declared a prize. After
being irregularly detained for sometime she
was released, and in her he finally reached New
York in safety.
Farraguthad but limited advantages for edu-
cation, but he improved them well and in time
became a man of learning. He was familiar
not only with the principal European lan-
guages, but also with Arabic and Turkish, rare
accomplishments nnderany circumstances, and
especially rare with the members of a profes-
sion as laborious as the Navy.
In 1823 he was ordered to the Norfolk navy-
yard, where he remained on shore duty until
1833.
In 1833 he was placed in command of a
Brazilian squadron, and on his return he was
again sent to the Norfolk navy yard. In 1838
he was ordered to the West Indies as lieutenant
commander of the war-sloop Natchez. In
September, 1840, he was promoted to be com-
mander, and put in command of the sloop of-
war Decatur, i'or a cruise in the South Atlantic.
Again lie went to Norfolk in 1848, and in 1851
he was ordered to Washington as inspector of
ordnance, and in 1854 to the San Francisco
yard.
When the rebellion began he was living at
Norfolk, and made no secret of his disappro-
bation of the disloyal action of most of the
people of that place. He was told that he
would not be allowed to remain in Norfolk if
he gave utterance to his sentiments. "Very
well," was his reply, "then I will go where I
can live and utter them." When the yard was
destroyed by Commander McCauley, Farragut
had left the city and returned to New York.
He left Norfolk on the 18ih of April without
money, and with difficulty reached New York.
Here lie learned of the destruction of the Nor-
folk navy yard and our vessels stationed there.
He hastened to Washington and tendered his
services to the Government; but there was no
ship for him to command, and for nine months
this master mind of the Navy was compelled
to wait for an opportunity for service. At
length, however, he was appointed to lead the
fleet which was to attack New Orleans, on Ihe
20th of January, 1862, and on the 3d of Feb-
ruary he sailed from Hampton lloads, having
selected the Hartford as his flag-ship. He
reached Sbip Island on the 20th, and organ-
ized the West Gulf blockading squadron.
Many difficulties lay in his way. They were
all surmounted by him, and active operations
began on the 18th of April. After six days'
bombardment he fount! that the forts below
New Orleans were not likely to yield, where-
upon, instead of retiring, he determined to
break the great chain which the rebels had
stretched across the river and engage their
powerful fleet that was assembled above it.
On the morning of the 24th of April the fleet
advanced, the chain was broken, and battle
joined, the forts helping the enemy by a fire
of tremendous weight. The action was a most
singular one, and inaugurated a new feature iu
naval warfare. His biographer says :
"The enemy bad iron-elads and rams, but they
were utterly defeated, losing foui teen of their eight-
een vessels. Forts and fleet had both been van-
quished. The Federal gun-boat Varuna was lost.
Three of the assailants were disabled and obliged to
fall back. With the rest of his fleet Commodore
Farragut continued his course, and took possession
oi New Orleans on the 25th of April. His order of
battle on thisoccasion was thoroughly characteristic
of the man. in its promptness, readiness of resource,
and its quiet, undaunted courage. We give but a
single sentence, that in which, after detailing the
needful preparations tor tlio coming combat, he
said : ' Whatever is to be done will have to be done
quickly. When, in the opinion of the flag-officer,
the propitious time has arrived, the signal will be
made to weigh and advance to the conflict. lie will
make a signal for close action, and abide tha result,
conquer or be conquered.'
"Returning to the Gulf he made Pensacola his
headquarters, and was lor some time employed in
perfecting the blockade of the Gulf ports and in
directing the attacks that were made on Corpus
Cbristi, Sabine Pass, and Galveston, all of which
places were taken. He was made senior rear ad-
miral on the 11th of July for the capture of New
Orleans—a well-deserved reward for well-performed
services, and the bestowal of which was warmly
approved by the country. In the spring of 1863
Rear Admiral Farragut cooperated with General
Grant in his movements against Vicksburg.
"The passing of the enemy's strong works at Port
Hudson was a repetition of what had been done the
previous year at New Orleans. Only two of his ves-
sels were able to get by them—the flag-ship and
the Albatros. One vessel was destroyed and some
others injured: but the two that effected the pas-
sage blockaded the mouth of Red river for several
weeks, and preventedthesendingof suppliesthence
to Vicksburg, and the fall of that place was linally
due to famine. Subsequently Rear Admiral Farra-
gut directed the naval operations against Port Hud-
son, which fell at the same time with Vicksburg.
To attack the forts at Mobile, and render that port
useless to the enemy had long been a favorite project
with tho naval commander in the Gulf; but it was
not until late in the summer of 1864 that he was
supplied with the requisite force.
" A combined attack was arranged for the 5th of
August, and was made with success. The enemy
were confident of their ability to repulse their as-
sailants. relying much on the power of their famous
armored ship, the Tennessee, supposed to be the most
powerful war-vessel in the world. They handled
her well, and she and her associates madea vigorous
resistance and were most gallantly sustained by the
forts; but all resistance proved vain in the end,
though more than once, in the course of the action,
the event seemed doubtful. The Tennessee was
taken and all the rest of the enemy's naval force
was destroyed; and on the 6th one of the forts was
abandoned and another surrendered on the 8th.
The third held out to the 23d of August, when it
succumbed under a tremendous bombardment.
" These successes destroyed Mobile as a port of
the enemy. There was no more blockade-breaking
hear! of in that quarter. Greatly against his will
Admiral Farragut yielded at the beginning of the
action to the urgent appeals of tho officers of tho
squadron, and suffered the Brooklyn to take the lead
instead of tile flag-ship, thellartford; butwhenthe
Teeumseh monitor, commanded by the gallant
Craven, was sunk by a torpedo, he could no longer
be restrained, but dashed forward with the flag-
ship, believing, he said, that the torpedoes had been
so long in the water that thoy wero probably innocu-
ous. Though his own vessel was of wood, and the
Tennessee an iron-clad of great strength, he did not
hesitate to drive his flag-ship against her sides at
full speed, and, as the event proved, with complete
success."
During a part of the action he was lashed iu
the rigging, the better to observe and give
orders in the fight. Like all of his exploits,
Hear Admiral Farragut's action at Mobile
combined, to an extraordinary extent, useful-
ness with brilliancy, practicality with daring.
The whole country was full of his praise, and
the regard in which he was held was unalloyed
by any feeling of doubt or envy. Foreign
countries were almost as loud in his praise as
his own. The English, who are good naval
critics, took the lead, and were as warm in
lauding him as they were in singing the great-
ness of General Lee. The London United
Service Magazine, which was by no means
given to speaking favorably of the Union
cause or commanders, said " Farragut is Co-
lumbia's Nelson;" the highest praise an
Englishman could bestow on a foreign naval
officer.
It also said that "the 5th of August, 1864,
wasabrilliantdayforthe UnitedStatesNavy, "
and that "at Mobile, Admiral Farragut dis-
played the attributes of an experienced naval
officer, resolution and zeal, ingenuity and per-
severance, ready ability and immediate dash."
The Prince de Joinville said of the battle near
Mobile:
"The Amerioans there accomplished a feat of
arms of whioh they have reason to be proud, for
there is not a more transcendent one in the naval
history of our time j and the skillfulness, the energy
shown on this occasion, as in so many others, by Ad-
miral Farragut, incontestably place him m the first
rank among the naval officers of all nations.''
In November, 1864, Hear Admiral Farragut
went to Washington to give his views with re-
gard to certain contemplated naval operations.
The next month he received the thanks of Con-
gress, and the grade of Vice Admiral was
Created for our Navy, and he was appointed
to hold it, which placed him under the Presi-
dent at the head of the naval service. Here-
turned to blockading duty in tbe Gulf, and
toward the close of the war was sent to James
river. In July, 1866, he was promoted to the
rank of Admiral, created for him. The mer-
chants of New York, feeling that his services
had been invaluable to the national commerce,
spontaneously made up a purse of $50,000
aud presented.it to him. He had been too busy
in fighting the enemy to make profits, as some
other of the naval officers had done, either in
the capture of blockade-runners or the seiz-
ing of cotton.
His biographer appropriately says;
"No character in our national history has united
more fully than did his a grand, honest, bravo heart,
with a simplicity and artiessness of manners which
won the love of every true man."
It was my pleasure to meet him soon after
the close of the war, and while many who had
done little, infinitely less than he, were sound-
ing their own praise, and were filled with com-
plaints of want of popular appreciation, he
calmly awaited the verdict of history and never
boasted of his services. Thus he bore himself
at home, and when abroad rece iving the atten-
tions of the sovereigns and eminent men of
almost every European nation, he seemed
never to seek his own, buthis country's glory.
What nobler test of loyalty than his? Born
at the South, married and living at the South
at the commencement of the war—unmoved
by the clamor for State sovereignty and State
rights as interpreted by the leaders in the re-
bellion, while many of his old associates foil,
he was true in his allegiance to the Constitu-
tion and his country.
When his neighbors said to him that "he
would not he allowed to remain in Norfolk if
he gave utterance to his sentiments," he re-
plied, "Then 1 will go where I can live and
utter them." This reply shows the true char-
acter of Farragut, his devotion to principles
and to duty.
And he was alike true to his convictiw^is of
duty in every relation in life. He was the
true friend, the devoted husband, and the real
Christian hero. And when at last the cher-
ished friendships of life were about to be bro-
ken, with a firm faith in the promises of the
infinite One, he exchanged this world's fleet-
ing honors for the unfading glory of the celes-
tial. He gains in death immortal life:
" So sinks tbe day-star in the ocean bed,
And yet anon repairs his drooping head,
And tricks his beams, and with new-tpangled ora
Flames in the forehead of the morning sky.
So (be) sank low, but mounted high,
Through the dear might of Him that walked th«
waves."
* * * ****** Jf.
" He hears the unexpressive nuptial song
In the blest kingdoms ineek ot joy and love.
Tbeie entertain himallthesaiuls above,
In solemn troops, and sweet societies
That sing, and singing, in their glory move,
And wipe the tears forever from his eyes.''
He has no need of monument of bronze or
marble to perpetuate his fame, yet a grateful
people, appreciating his services, and cherish-
ing his name with affectionate veneration, have
sought thus appropriately to express their
homage. Let the rarest skill lay herdivinest
art under contribution in the maible statue of
Farragut.
Condition of the South.
SPEECH OF HON. J. H. SLOSS,
of alabama,
In the House of Representatives,
May 20, 1872,
On the report of the joint select Committee on tha
Insurrectionary States in relation to the condition
of the southern States.
Mr. SLOSS. Mr. Speaker, as an humble
member of this House, which has been hon-
ored by the presence here of the great and
