4206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the House
■will allow me to congratulate it, that this bill
is now on its last stage, and after the vote we
shall now be called upon to take, I trust the
work will be finished. The conference report
presents the gratifying spectacle of a unani-
mous report. 1 am ii.formed that it has been
adopted by tbe other branch without division.
I do not flatter myself, nor do any members of
the committee, that this unanimity in signing
the report is because all its details are satis-
factory to all the members of the comnlittee.
Iudeed, sir, a conference report of any kind,
and especially upon a subject like this, is the
result of concessions. There are in this report
many things which, if standing alone, un-
accompanied with other matters, would not
be agreed to by each individual member of
tbe committee. The House must make up its
mind to tind in tbe bill many disappointments.
There are grievous ones in it to myself.
There are gentlemen on the committee who
desired to go much farther, and there are gen-
th-uien on the committee who did not desire
to go so far. It is only to the whole as a con-
cession, in that spirit of mutual concession
which has been so gratifying in all (he con-
siderations of this bill, in every stage of it,
that we find all of the members of the com-
mittee, without regard to their political status
or theories iu reference to the tariff bill, affix
their names; and on the same ground is it
that it was agreed to on the part of the Senate
without a division.
Mr. Speaker, it is proper I should state
the final result of ail this work. When the
bill left the House of Representatives, count-
ing tea and coffee as part of this one measure,
there was a reduction of tariff and tax duties
of $43,033,778 0U. By the Senate the free
list was increased $034,254, by other customs
duties $1,389,227, and by repeal of stamp
taxes iu excess of those repealed by the House
$7,400,000, making in the aggregate a reduc-
tion on the part of the Senate of $0,423,481,
and u. total reduction, including what was
done by the House, with tea autl coffee, of
$53,067,259 00.
Now, t do not think it is necessary, as the
report of the committee of conference is
printed at length in this morning's Globe,
and as the hill with all the amendments of
the Senate is on the table of each member, to
go into any detailed explanation of .nil the
provisions of tlio bill as it has been agreed to
by the conference committee of both Houses.
But I am here to answer any inquiry any gen-
tleman may make, and that, seems* to be the
best way of ariiving at information in refer-
ence to points of moat interest to members.
Alter lhat 1 shall call the previous question,
after having submitted some tables to be
printed in the Ulobe.
Mr. GAUFlELD, of Ohio. I should like
to ask the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means at what date this'bill takes
effect m all its different parts?
Mr. DAWES. The bill, asitoriginally set out
from the Committee of Ways and Means fixed
the 1st of January next. It was the testimony
before the committee of business uien that was
the linfe which it would be less injurious fin-
al! concerned to fix. VVesoon found iu the pro-
gress ot the examination that business is now
transacted iu a different manner from what it
was twenty years ago. Capital turns itself
over a great many times in sit months. The
members of the Committee of Ways and Means
were fully satisfied that it was better for all
concerned it should take effect on the 1st of
July, and the bill went to thecommittee of con-
ference so fixing the lime at the 1st of July.
But we ascertained officially from the Treas-
ury Department, after we had completed our
work, that it was a practical impossibility for
the Treasury Department to be ready with cir-
culars, &c., by the 1st of July; and although
feeling ourselves it was better it should be the
1st of July-, after the Treasury'statement was
made to us specially and officially that it was
impossible for them to be in readiness, we
changed it to the 1st of August.
Mr. GAUFlELD, of Ohio. I will now ask
the gentleman concerning an interest in which
my own State is largely concerned, and which
I did not observe at the time it passed the
House. As the bill originally passed the
House there was a tariff -.duty on fine flax
dressed and valCied at twenty-five cents per
pound of three quarters 0.f onef cent per
pound ; lhat is, on ilax. worth $500 a ton we
levied a tax of only fifteen dollars a ton.
Mr. DAWES. That is stricken oat.
Mr. GAUFlELD, of Ohio, lam glad of it,
for otherwise it would have seriously affected
this great interest in the State of Ohio, I
wish to ask one more question. I should
like to know from the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts in what shape books are lelt; that
is, books m foreign languages, and old books
iu our own language printed more than twenty
years ?
Mr. DAWES. Books are left precisely as
in fbe existing law. Tliere was a great desire
and a great effort to change the form of the
duty fiom an ad valorem to a specific; but
finally the matter was left as it stood before.
Mr. OAUFlELD, of Ohio. In the pres-
ent law, only books in the English language
printed twenty Jears ago are free from du'.y.
Does the pending bill extend.that privilege to
books printed ill foreign languages as well?
Mr. DAWES. I canrvot answer ,the ques-
tion at this moment. He will find how that
is by turning to the free list.
Mr. N1 BLACK. Is the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes J able to slate what
is the average reduction on the rates ot duties
included in this bill iiS it is now presented to
us in tlio report of the committee of confer-
ence ?
Mr. DAWES. Almost everything comes
under a ten per cent, reduction. There are
exceptions oil both sides. Some few articles
are excepted from the application of the ten
per cent, reduction, and some are subjected
to a greater reduction. I do not think it will
vary much from a ten percent, reduction all
through. I am unable, however, to answer
positively what the reduction on the tariff ex-
actly will be. Including the reduction on in-
ternal revenue, the whole reduction is much
greater than ten ^er cent.
Mr. NlBLACiv. Is there any very mate-
rial increase?
Mr.DAWES. There is no material increase.
There are -very few articles on which there is
an increase. One or two provisions by mis-
take got into the tariff by which the manufac-
tured article came in at a lower rate of duty
than the material of which it was made. In
one or two cases we reversed that and made a
slight increase.
Mr. BROOKS. I beg to state to the gen
tieman and to tbe House that a statistician in
whom I place considerable reliance calculates
the redaction on the tariff to be only seven per
cent. I have not made the calculation myself.
Mr. DAWES. Nor have 1 made the calcu-
lation. But I think I can show by a very brief
statement that statisticians have made tlieir
calculations as to this matter in such a way
as to have deluded the debaters in the whole
of this discussion, having adopted a process
which ill point of fact is not entitled to very
much confidence. They took the valuation in
custom-houses for all goods, those which are
admitted at specific duties as well as those
which are assessed at ad valorem. Now, spe-
cifics are put iu at random, because it makes no
difference what the value is. The same article
is entered in one year three times or five times
as high as in another year ; and from the aggre-
gate of all that is derived tbe general rate of
reduction, which is therefore not reliable.
Mr. BECK. I desire to make an inquiry of
the chairman. Some confusion has arisen on
this side .of the House intbe attempt tu under-
stand ijrhat has been agreed ou as to the
tobacco tax. Some mistake 1 understand
occurre4 in the Senate on that point.
Mr. DAWES, in. the draft of the report
the one hundred and twentieth amendment,
which is the tobacco amendment, by accident
slipped out. But before tbe report was called
up m the Senate this morning the mi-stake
was discovered;and that has been inserted.
Mr. BECK. Is it now a uniform rate of
twenty cents?
Mf. DAWES. It is.
Mr. BECK. At what time does it take
6 StCt ?■
Mr. DAWES. On the 1st day of July.
Mr. GAtiEi ELD, of Ohio. With reference
to a question which I addressed to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means a
short time ago, I am glad to tind ou examina-
tion that books in all languages printed twenty
years ago aie on the free list in tbis bill. Can
the chairman of the committee inlorm us how
much this change in the tobacco tax will
reduce the revenue from tobacco?
ilr. PJLA IT. I am happy to inform the
gentleman that, it will increase tbe reveuue.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. There is one fea-
ture .in this conference report which it seems
to me is subject to the severest criticism, and
that is in regard to the tax on friction matches.
It will be remembered that both the House
and the Senate agreed to take off the tax on
matches, an article of necessity. I am in-
formed, and I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether 1 am cor-
rectly informed, that the tax on friction
matches, an article of necessity, was restored
in order to make up for a loss of revenue on
tobacco, an article of luxury. 1 desire to have
information on that point, and 1 would like
the chairman to explain to the House how it
is, if my information be correct, that the con-
ference committee undertook to overturn the
decision of both Houses on the subject?
Mr. DAWES. I will state the position of
this question. The House bill proposed to
repeal the tax on friction matches. The Sen-
ate Struck out that provision of the House bill
and inserted-an amendment, which, in connec-
tion with other matters, also repealed the tax
on friction matches. And now I will tell the
gentleman how it comes about that the tax oil
friction matches remains. There is nothing
in connection with this matter that I regret so
much as lhat it was necessary in the opinion
of the committee to restore the tax on this
ariicle.
1 struggled against it untiltheend. I thought,
we could get along and repeal it, but the com-
mittee concluded, tor reasonswhich I willetate,
that it was necessary to retain the tax. When
the House by a vote of more than two to one,
and almost by three to one, determined on a
uniform tax of sixteen cents on tobacco, it
struck $7,600,000 out of the revenue; the Sen-
ate by an almost equally strong vote made the
tax uniform at twenty four cents, which only
took about $4:,000,000 from the revenue. I
thought that the tax ought to be sixteen and.
twenty-four cents with reference to the reve-
nue, but the feeling in regard to uniformity in
the tax was so great among the tobacco men
that it was useless for one man to set up his
own firivate opinion, and therefore retaining
the private opinion that it would be better for
the purpose of revenue that the tax should be
sixteen and twenty-four cents, 1 yielded to
these strong votes of both Houses which pre-
cluded me upon the question. I speak of
course of myself, and I think I speak also for
the rest of the committee. There was nothing
lelt for us but to decide upon a uniform rate,
because we were bound by the action of ihe
two Houses. The only question was, should
the tax be sixteen cents, twenty cents, or
twenty-four cents. If it were sixteen cents, it
