1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1519
freight cars at once, instead of being placed
in warehouses at an immense charge to the
merchants.
Mr. Speaker, I can understand how gentle-
men in eastern towns and cities, I can under-
stand how gentlemen from New York and
Boston and Philadelphia, may some of them
be opposed to this measure; 1 can understand
how they may, in a selfish view of this great
matter, be willing to compel freight to be
transported across the Isthmus of Panama, or
to come around by the way of Cape Horn, and
then be transshipped by railroad from Boston,
New York, and Philadelphia to the interior
towns of the West. We in the interior of the
country, on the lines of these great railroads,
do not believe in any such short-sighted pol-
icy. We have spent a good deal of money to
open this road and to open the channel of
commerce with the Orient. We propose to
complete this job. This pile of rocks in the
bay of San Francisco must not stand in the
way of commerce, an obstacle to cheap freights
and easy transit, but must be utilized. The
gea-gulis and goats must give place to depots
and warehouses.
I will now yield to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Niblack] for twenty minutes.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, my attention
was first directed to the subject now under con-
sideration—I mean the eligibility of this island
as a terminus for a railroad—some five or six
years ago. A railroad company was organized
in the State of California about that time, and
preliminary to any effort to build the road an
agent of that company came to this city for
the purpose of obtaining the consent of Con-
gress at that time to allow that road to term-
inate at or to use a portion of this island for
railroad purposes. That gentleman brought
with him letters of introduction from some
friends of miue in the city of San Francisco,
and soon after his arrival placed himself in
communication with me by means of those
letters. By these means my attention was first
directed to the location and peculiar situation
of this island.
Some two and a half years ago I visited the
Pacific coast and spent some time in the State
of California. While there I examined this
island and its surroundings with greater inter-
est perhaps than I would were it not my atten-
tion had been called to it before as a railroad
terminus. I came to the conclusion then that
any road terminating on the eastern boundary
of this bay of San Francisco ought to have
the privilege of bridging over and going to this
island and occupying some portion of it for
depot and general railroad purposes. When,
during the last Congress, this question was
then before the House I felt that I ought to
vote for the main proposition before the House,
and which was then defeated; but there were
some objection to its details in my mind, and,
yielding to the sentiment of friends around me,
which was at that time almost universally against
it, and as a matter of caution and prudence,
not desiring to place myself in_opposition and
in antagonism to gentlemen with whom I was
in the habit of acting, I voted against it.
But, sir, I wish now to say in the presence
of the House and of the country that I never
was entirely satisfied with that vote. It was
not supported by my independent judgment. I
felt that if ever the proposition came before the
House again, when I had the opportunity of
stating the reasons why I so voted, I should
support the measure. And I have no hesita-
tion in announcing now, although some of
my colleagues differ from me, that I am
disposed to support this proposition to allow
the Central Pacific railroad, and such other
companies as may desire hereafter to come
under the provisions of this bill, to occupy
a portion of this island for railroad purposes.
As has been already said by' my colleague
from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] a day or two
since, this is no railroad grant. The opposi-
tion to it cannot be placed upon the ground
on which we have opposed the ordinary grants
to railroads—upon the ground of its being
needed for agricultural purposes or for home-
stead purposes. This is an island belonging
to the Government, and not for sale for any
purpose. It is in fact a military reservation.
The principal question before us, according to
my view of it, is shall we after having granted
to this railroad company and the Union Pa-
cific railroad land enough to establish a small
empire upon, and after having loaned to them
our credit, or rather issued to them our bonds
for some $55,000,000 as a subsidy for building
their road, allow them a place suitable for
wharf purposes at the western terminus of this
great railroad line? That I think is the real,
practical question involved in this matter.
The island already belongs to the Govern-
ment. I repeat, it is not for sale, as I have
always been and am now informed. Wewant
it for military purposes. There is enough ter-
ritory embraced in this island to afford all that
we need for military purposes in time of
peace, after allowing the railroad to use a por-
tion of it for railroad purposes. It is con-
ceded that where the railroad approaches and
strikes the bay there is no place for a harbor
where vessels can connect with the road; the
water is too shallow. You have to get some
distance into the bay before you reach water
deep enough to allow vessels to approach the
landing.
Sir, if I had been a member of Congress at
the time these Pacific railroads were subsi-
dized 'I should have voted against them, most
assuredly. I think this Government dealt
most extravagantly with these railroads, I
have said so on many occasions, not only in
this House but elsewhere. I have nothing in
the world to retract m regard to that matter.
And we did more than that for these railroads.
After we had loaned our credit and issued
these bonds, Congress, as it seemed to me,
very recklessly destroyed much of the security
upon which these bonds were ra'sed, by consti-
tuting them only a second mortgage upon these
roads. The result, however, of what Congress
did belongs to the past. It is irrevocable. The
question arises, what shall be our future policy
in the treatment of these corporations here-
after ? Shall we use every means to cripple
and destroy them, or shall we endeavor to
build them up, foster and protect them when
we possibly can, and make them as able as
possible to refund to us what they owe us?
Sir, as business men, when we are largely
interested in a man's success we usually do
all we can to improve his condition, to
strengthen his business, to make him the more
able to pay what he owes us at some time or
other. And having (recklessly though it was)
become the creditors of these corporations for
a very large amount of money, and that being
irrevocable, I think we ought hereafter to do
all we can to strengthen their hands, and make
them not only of public utility, as far as pos-
sible, but able to repay what they owe us.
I do not believe, then, that opposition to the
land-grant policy, to which X ana as much
committed as any member of this House,
compels us to follow up a railroad and strike
continually at it, whether it has been subsi-
dized and aided by the Government or not. I
do not so understand my position, and I am not
willing to have my position so construed.
Mr. McKINNEY. If this is not a land
grant, what is ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I have already tried to
answer that question, and I regret very much
that I have not made myself understood. The
object of this bill is to grant the use of a tract
of land only on certain conditions, without
diminishing its value to the Government.
Mr. McKINNET. Of very considerable
value.
Mr. NIBLACK. It is to grant the use of a
tract of land, I repeat, which may or may not
be valuable, but which I presume is valuable
for military and for commercial purposes. As
it is conceded this island is valuable for com-
mercial purposes, I think the United States
ought to allow somebody to use it for such
purposes, so far as that can be done without
interfering with its military occupation, when
the Government is unwilling to part with the
ownership of it. If you want to sell the island,
that is another question; but I understand that
this bill reserves the right to the Government
to use, in time of war, the whole island, includ-
ing the depot buildings and everything con-
nected with them that may be built by the
company.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the gentleman allow me
a word ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Certainly.
Mr. LEWIS. I understand that one of the
reasons given by the gentleman for this grant
is that it will enable the company to pay the
Government what it owes on account of bonds
and accrued interest. I wish him to ailow ma
to offer an amendment looking to the security
of these payments.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am holding the floor by
the courtesy of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farxsworth,] and therefore it would
not be proper for me to yield for an amend-
ment. I presume an opportunity will be
afforded to the gentleman to offer it.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the gentleman allow me
to have ray amendment read?
Mr. NIBLACK. Not just now. What I
have been saying, however, about strengthen-
ing the bonds of the railroad company is not
so much an argument on this particular meas-
ure as it is against the folly of what seems to
be the policy of attempting to strike down a
road simply because it may have been improp-
erly and recklessly subsidized by the Govern-
ment at the inception of it. The only defens-
ible policy in the world upon which the building
of a railroad from "'the States,as they call
it, to the Pacific coast by the assistance of the
Government, in any way, must rest upon the
supposition that it, is to be a great national
highway, and of great public utility. If a road
of this kind is not to be so considered, iheu
every dollar given, directly or indirectly, is but
a bounty to a private corporation for private
gain, and is wholly indefensible. All parties
have said in their conventions, in times anterior
to the late war, that a highway to the Pacific
was, and hence now is, ot'gre'at public utility,
and have pledged themselves to the construc-
tion of it in some way.
Sir, this road, and other roads which have
been really built by the generosity of the Gov-
ernment, now constitute a portion of the great
highway which places us in connection with
the empires of Japan and China. It is now
part of the great through line. It is run in
connection with the steamship line which car-
ries freight across the Pacific to and from
those empires. The value, not only in the
present but in the future, of all Pacific rail-
roads must greatly depend upon the commerce
of the Pacific ocean. To utilize that com-
merce, not only to the line of steamers, but
to the railroad companies and to the public,
they must have some point as a depot which is
convenient for the transshipment of freight,
wheie there can be a convenient wharf at deep
water accessible both to the railroads and to
the steamship company, v As I have already
stated, we cannot do it with the present laud-
ing and wharf on the bay. Now, we have an
island lying close by which we do not need the
use of for ordinary military purposes in the
time of peace, and the question presented is,
shall we allow this railroad company, and all
other companies whose roads may terminate
on the east side of the bay of San Francisco,
to cross over to this island?
As 1 have already remarked, I came to the
conclusion years ago that to do this is to do a
reasonable thing, and while I share in many
of the apprehensions of gentlemen around ma
as to the grasping nature of this corporation,
while I am opposed to the general policy of
