1872.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
of the Senator from Massachusetts, upon which
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. LEWIS (when his name was called)
said: I am paired with the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. CONKLING. Which way would the
Senator -vote, and the Senator from Kentucky
vote? [Laughter.]
Mr. LEWIS. 1 should vote " nay." [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Ken-
tucky would vote the same way. [Laughter.]
The call of the roll having been concluded,
the result was announced—yeas 4, nays 41 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Pace, Spencer, Sumner, and Tip-
ton—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Boreman,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan. Frelinghuysen, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Texas, llamlin, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont. Morton. Norwood, Nye, Osbovn, Patter-
son, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Wilson,
and Wright—41.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Cooper, Cragin,
t)avis of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Goldthwaitc, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Howe,
Kellogg. Lewis, Logan, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Rob-
ertson, Schurz, Stewart, Trumbull, Vickers, West,
and Windom—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. TIPTON. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LEWIS. I am paired with the Senator
from Kcntuqky, [Mr. Davis.] If ho were here
he would vote against the resolution, and I
should vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,Conlcling,
Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Foriy of Michigan. Flan-
agan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas.
Hamlin, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill ofVermont, Morton,Norwood,Nye, Osborn,
Patterson. Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott,
Spencer, West. Wilson, and Wright—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Davis of West Virginia,
.Tohnston, Kelly, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and Tip-
ton—12.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham. Cameron, Casserly, Coopor, Davis of
Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Howe,
Lewis, Logan, Pomeroy, Pool, Piatt, Schurz, Stew-
art, Trumbull, Vickers, and Windom—25.
So the resolution was adopted.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourn to-day, it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. CONKLING. At the request of two
or three Senators who want a very short exec-
utive session, I move that we proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to, and the doors
were closed for the consideration of executive
business. After five minutes spent in exec-
utive session the doors were reopened, and
(at five o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 20, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
Prayer by Rev. William A. Parsons, of
Washington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
committer of ways and means.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask for the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means the privilege of
sitting during the sessions of the House.
The SPEAKER. If there he no objection
that leave will be granted to the committee.
The Chair hears none,
hillyer vs. m'lntyre.
The SPEAKER. The following resolution
comes over as unfinished business. It was
reported laat evening from the Committee of
Elections, by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Hazleton:]
Resolved, That Virgil Hillyer be paid out of the
House contingent fund the sum of $375 87, in full for
expenses incurred in the con tested-election case of
Hillyer vs. Mclntyre.
Mr. COX. I made objection to the adoption
of that resolution. I have since taken the
opportunity to inquire into the matter, and I
think it should pass. I therefore withdraw my
objection.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payment of duplicate checks.
Mr. BECK. In behalf of the Committee of
Ways and Means, I ask that the bill (H. R.
No. 1061) to authorize the payment of dupli-
cate checks to disbursing officers, which has
been returned from the Senate with amend-
ments, be taken from the Speaker's table and
those amendments concurred in.
No objection was made, and the amendments
of the Senate to the said bill were taken up
and read, as follows:
Pago 1, lino four, after the word "cheeks," insert
" and within three years of such date."
Striko out all of section two, and insert in lieu
thereof the following :
Sec. 2. In case the disbursing officer or agent by
whom such lost, destroyed, or stolen original check
was issued bo dead, or no longer in tho service of
the Government, it shall bo the duty of the proper
accounting oflieer, under sueh regulations as the
Secretary of tho Treasury shall prescribe, to stato
an account in favor of the owner of such original
check for the amount thereof, and to charge such
amount to tho account of such officer or agent.
Mr. BECK. I move that the amendments
be concurred in. The Treasurer of the United
States thinks this amendment to the second
section better than tho original section, and the
Committee of Ways and Means think so, too.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. BECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments were concurred in; and
j also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (II. R. No.
1192) making appropriations for tho current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and fulfilling so-called treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, ordered to be printed, and made
the special order for Wednesday next, and
from day to day thereafter until disposed of.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to reserve all
points of order on that bill.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred and made a
special order; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
infirmary at sayannaii, georgia.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Tennes-
see, by unanimous consent, the Committee on
Freedmen's Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
054) to appropriate money to the Georgia
infirmary, in the city of Savannah, in the
State of Georgia; and the same was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations,
improvementoe the monongaiiela river.
Mr. McGREW, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, requested at his earliest convenience to fur-
nish this Ilouso with a copy of the report of Major
Morrell of the survey made under his charge of the
Monongahela liver, from New Geneva, Pennsyl-
vania, to Morgantown. in West Virginia, as author-
ized and provided for by tho third section of the act
of Congress approved March 3,1871.
railroad bridge across the ohio.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desi re unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill and have it referred at
this time.
The SPEAKER. Is there any reason why
the bill cannot be introduced on Monday next
under the regular call?
Mr. NIBLACK. There are reasons why I
would prefer to have it done to-day.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 1193) authorizing the construction of a
railroad bridge across the Ohio river at
or near Evansville, in the State of Indiana,
was introduced, read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
order op business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour will now begin at
fifteen minutes past twelve o'clock. This being
Friday, the first business in order is the call
of committees for reports of a private nature.
john skys.
Mr. WILLARD, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill (II. R. No.
1194) directing the proper officer in the Treas-
ury Department to creditand allow JohnSeys,
of Ohio, the sum therein mentioned; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers in the Treasury Department
to creditand allow to John Seys, of Ohio, form-
erly minister resident and consul general of
the United States at Liberia, in the final adjust-
ment and settlement of his accounts as such
minister, the sum of $1,101 04, the amount
of his salary as minister for the period of
one hundred and six days occupied by him in
coming to the United States and returning to
Liberia in 1868.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there a report accom-
panying this bill?
Mr. WILLARD. There is; let the report
be read.
The report was read. It states that on the
15th of November, 1867, Mr. Seys was granted
leave of absence from his post as minister at
Liberia for six months. At that time there
was no provision of law prohibiting payment
of salaries during absences on leave. On
the 15th day of January, 1808, Mr. Seys, in
acknowledging the receipt of the letter of the
Secretary of State, granting him his leave of
absence, states that he should not probably
avail himself of it until June. The corre-
spondence shows that Mr. Seys left Liberia
about the middle of May, and was absent until
the 15th of the following December. On his
arrival in the United States in July, he was
informed of the provision in the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill, approved March
30, 1868, prohibiting the payment of salaries
to ministers or consuls during absence from
their posts for more than sixty days in any
one year. In the partial adjustment of his
accounts, Mr. Seys has been allowed salary for
only sixty days, between the date of his leav-
ing Liberia and his return to his post. The
salary of the minister at Liberia is $4,000
annually. In the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill, approved March 3, 1869,
the section in the law above referred to, re-
specting payments of salaries during absences
