"1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3311
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HALE. As there seems to bo some
misapprehension I wish to ask whether, if tho
ponding motion be adopted, it will not reduce
the duty on iron from seven dollars per ton,
the present rate, to $6 30, in accordance with
the ten per cent, reduction.
Mr. DAWES. Exactly, unless the House
should change the duty when we get to line
fifteen.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend so as to make
the duty $5 25 per ton. I ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to restate
(for I did not hear him distinctly) what percent-
age the present duty of seven dollars per ton is?
'Mr. DAWES. I said that if this clause were
stricken out the duty would stand at $6 30,
and that upon the present cost of iron abroad,
exclusive of freight, that duty would be equiv-
alent to fourteen per cent. I will tell the gen-
tleman how I arrive at that percentage: iron
sold last week in the New York market at fifty-
four dollars a ton, the general price being, I
understand, about fifty dollars. I learned
from those engaged in the business that the
freight is about lour dollars, but I call it five
dollars ; leaving forty-five dollars as the price
abroad.
Mr. BURCHARD. I have here a statement
of the cost as published in the Iron Age of
February 22. The price is stated at from
forty-one to forty-five dollars.
Mr. DAWES. I speak of the price to-day.
I have the figures of the chief clerk of the
Bureau of Statistics, making the present price
forty-five dollars.
Mr. BECK. I caused to be published in
the Globe of yesterday a table prepared at the
Treasury Department for the use of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, showing that the
present duty of seven dollars per ton upon
iron in pigs is equivalent to forty-four and
three fifths per cent. Reducing the duty to
six dollars per ton would make it thirty-nine
per cent., the proposed reduction being four-
teen per cent., as that table shows. This was
my reason for asking the question.
Mr. Chairman, while I do not presume that
we are going to approach at the present time
anything like free trade, we surely ought
not to protect articles beyond what is neces-
sary. While something is due to the de-
mands of the Government for revenue, and
something due perhaps to protection in the
present condition of affairs, yet surely we
ought to aim to reach a fair average.
Now, sir, the cost of producing irou in this
country has not increased within the last two
years. Nobody claims that wages are higher
now than they were several years ago ; the cost
of the various articles necessary for the sub-
sistence of labor is certainly no more than it
was. Yet in 18B9, when Mr. Wells, then
Special Commissioner of the Revenue, made
his report, he stated that he had made inquiries
at all the different irou manufacturing estab-
lishments of the country ; that at that time the
cost of producing a ton of iron in Tennessee
r was nineteen dollars, in St. Louis $22 GO, and
that the highest amount claimed as tho cost of
producing a ton of pig iron anywhere was
twenty-five dollars, and that was in some por-
tions of Pennsylvania. Atthattime Mr. Wells
recommended a reduction of the duty on pig
iron to three dollars a ton, iron then selling at
about thirty-seven dollars per ton.
The price has now advanced to fifty dollars:
In view of the immense bounty which, even at
the price twoj-ears ago, was received by the iron
manufacturers, Mr. Wells recommended a re-
duction of the duty to three dollars a ton,
stating that he believed himself sustained
ky a majority of the proprietors of rolling-
Mills, and other workers in iron who are not
at the same time interested in the production
°f pig metal." If there was ground for that
recommendation two years ago, wheu the iron
manufacturers were making a profit of twelve
dollars a ton, iron selling then at thirty-seven
dollars, why should we now refuse to make the
duty five dollars or five dollars and ahalfwhen
there is such an immense demand everywhere
for iron and when the average price has gone
up to over fifty dollars 1 Thisreductionis ren-
dered still more reasonable hy the fact, shown
in papers furnished to this House, that the duty
on pig iron was in 1862 put up three dollars
a ton because of the internal revenue tax of
two dollars aton ; and fifty per cent, was added
to that by the act of 1865.
There is now not one dollar of internal rev-
enue tax paid by the producers of pig iron.
Why should we now, when iron has in two years
advanced from thirty-seven dollars to fifty dol-
lars, and when the demand exceeds the sup-
ply, insist upon continuing the existing rate of
duty—a rate so excessive that when the peo-
ple of the country understand it they will
surely put their hand upon it and demand the
discontinuance of such exorbitant "protec-
tion?"
Why not take a reasonable protection now,
which the duty of five dollars a ton surely
affords? I think three dollars would afford it,
and then be much higher than anything else in
consequence of the scarcity abroad, and that,
too, when only one tenth of all we use comes
into the Treasury ?
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, when it
shall be good policy for the wagoner to load
his wagon for smooth places on the road and
strong places in the bridge, and not for the
rough places and weak places in the bridire,
then it would be good policy for the nation to
make its tariff laws adapted to special seasons
of prosperity or exceptional periods. It is
true that iron is high now. Why, the enorm-
ous system of land grants to railroads made
- the demand, and a hundred other exceptional
causes have conspired to put up iron.
Mr. BECK. And we have required in every
one of those land-grant bills that the railroads
shall use Pennsylvania iron, every one of them.
Mr. KELLEY. By reducing the duty at
the present time you will put your iron industry
beyond the power of sustenance when we come
back to the abnormal condition of trade.
There has never been a day when the duty on
pig iron, calculated ad valorem, was as low as
to-day. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] spoke in the present tense when he
quoted the figures from the report of the
Bureau of Statistics. They represented from
June, 1870, to Jane, 1871. At the first date
iron was from thirty-five to thirty-nine dollars
a ton, and at the latter part of the year the
increase had been slight. It is to-day from
forty-seven to fifty-three dollars a ton, and
what is the result? The ores of Alabama, of
Georgia, of Kentucky, of Missouri, of all the
western States nearly, are being worked into
iron. The people are endeavoring to make
money out of the abnormal condition of trade,
and in two years you will have iron in abun-
dant supply and down to low rates. Ihen if
your duty shall have been reduced your iron
industry .will have been prostrated. What
effect will it have on the revenue ? We reduced
the duty from nine to seven dollars. Gentle-
men speak of the duty as prohibitory.
We imported in 1869, 133,307 tons; 1870,
179,802 tons; 1871, 188,008 tons. Is that a
prohibitory tariff which admits an article to
the extent of nearly two hundred thousand
tons ? What effect had the reduction on the
revenues of the country? They can only be
calculated for six months, and of the importa-
tions for 1871, for the six months ending
December 31, 1870, there were 89,901 tons,
and for the six months ending June 30, 1871,
there were 119,102 tons, showing an increase
of the quantity for the last six months over
the first six of 29,501 tons, or thirty-two and
four fifths per cent., and an increase of duty
of $26,708, or three per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON took the floor.
Mr. BECK. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio I desire to call atten-
tion to the fact, as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has referred to land grants as being
one of the causes for the increased demand
for railroad iron, that in every one of those
bills a provision was inserted that those rail-
roads should be built of American iron, and
of course Pennsylvania iron. Therefore the
importation of foreign iron could not affect
the price of that irou.
Mr. KELLEY. But they created the de-
mand for this iron.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, the
other day, when I called attention to the fact
that Pennsylvania, by her internal system, lays
manifold special taxes on coal and iron, we
being then on the subject of coal, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania on the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Kelley,] thought it
expedient not to answer the point, because he
admits that Pennsylvania does not need any
tariff on coal.
Mr. KELLEY. Permit me to answer you
now.
Mr. STEVENSON. Not now; he can do
so in his own five minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. I had better game to pur-
sue tha'n the gentleman's queer hvpothesis.
Mr. STEVENSON. It may be well for the
gentleman to evade this subjec t; but if he
cannot see its importance, othirs can. The
cost of coal is a material element of the pro-
duction of iron, and special taxes on coal are
indirect taxes on iron.
But let me call attention to the policy of
Pennsylvania on the subject of iron which is
now before us. The gentleman will hardly
admit that no protection is needed on iron.
He is now pleading for it on pig iron with his
accustomed zeal. It appears from her official
State papers that Pennsylvania taxes iron in
its production by levying special burdens seven-
fold on that'industry, while she exempts
property from the burdens of taxation, taxing
only about one twentieth of all property, and
laying special taxes oil the production. In
Executive Documents for 1870 it appears that
the otdy property tax for that year was about
seven hundred thousand dollars levied on per-
sonal property, valued for taxation at $171,-
686,918, while the true value by the census
of property in the Stale was $3,808,840,112,
showing that not one twentieth of the property
is taxed 
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to
point to the act of Assembly which taxes
either iron or coal directly.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 need not point to
an act of Assembly. Here is the official re-
port of the auditor general of the State for
1870, showing the taxes collected in that
year. There is a tax on corporations which
produce and transport iron and coal, which
cannot be produced or -transported without
association.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Read what
you have got i here.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly. "Tax on
corporation stocks, $1,241,278."
Mr. DICKEY. That is, stocks of banks,
insurance companies, &c.
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes; and on all other
corporations alike, coal, iron, and all—tax on
personal property, $702,105. And oh! how
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] denounces the income tax 1 It seems a
thing his soul abhors; and yet Pennsylvania
taxe° incomes derived from production of coal
and iron. Here is "tax on net incomes, $396,-
193," and " tax on gross receipts. $392,809,"
making a double income tax which Pennsyl-
vania lays upon industries) making no distinc-
tion in favor of iron or coal. Tax on coal, an
element of iron, making $251,000; enrollment
tax, and premiums on charters; tax on wans;
tax on tonnage, a most inapost&afc item in tho
