2416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
hundred and fifty consecutive years, but few of
those who hear me have ever heard a prayer
started on its way to God for these poor peo-
ple. In this the capital of the nation I have
not heard any minister pray for an Indian. It
is to be hoped that the people, and the people's
representatives, will sustain the movement now
to arouse the churches to the care of these
Indians. The missionaries sent among them
have been as careful to have provisions in the
treaties for laud as for any other apparent
interest.
principal tribes in the indian territory, cher-
okees, choctaws, creeks, and chickasaws.
The Cherokees once owned the country in
which we stand to-day. The foundation-stones
of this Capitol are sunken in the soil over which
the Cherokee, called Chullokee, from litne
immemorial, walked and called his own. Their
delegations come to no strange land when here ;
they protest., in the name of their people, against
the proposed encroachments and seizure of
their present homes, when, under our treaties
and laws made with their fathers and with
themselves, they demand of us justice at these
doors. We can only comprehend the magni-
tude of the crime proposed against the Chero-
kee, Choctaw, Chickasaw, and Creek Indians,
in the violent seizure of their lands and the
utter disregard of their titles, held as they are
by patent under treaty made under laws
specially providing for them; by tracing the
long line of contracts, political, social, and
business relations between them severally and
the Government; by seeing the progress they
have made in civilization, and by learning cor-
rectly the strong bond and national faith and
honor by which they hold their lands and their
homes. These people are not savages; their
schools, courts, farms, councils, printed laws,
chinches, and workshops, all prove that they
are not savages, nor even careless of their
future hopes and wants. They are to-day a
Christian people, for their protests made to
this House, introduced by myself at their
request, and printed by order of the House,
and the speeches of their delegates before the
Committee On Territories, in defense of their
homes, prove their civilization and attest their
ability.
I now desire to ask your kind attention to
the various and important social, commer-
cial, political, moral, and religious subjects on
which the United States have made solemu
treaties and agreements with the several tribes
of Indians now residing in the Indian terri-
tory, many of which are also common to our
dealings with all the tribes within the Gov-
ernment limits, treaties in which the nation's
honor is pledged in the solemnity of its innu-
merable repetitions, running through near one
hundred years, with the most triumphant dip-
lomatic success 10 the Government.
peace and amity with chickasaws.
By the treaty of Hopewell, on the Keowee,
near Seneca Old Town, made on the 10th of
January, 178G, it is expressly agreed with the
Chickasaw nation, in article eleven, that—■
"The hatchet shall be forever buried, and the
peace given by the United States of America,, and
tbe friendship reestablished between the said States
on ono pare and the Chickasaw on tbe other part,
shall be universal; and the contracting parties shall
use their utmost endeavors to maintain the peace
given as aforesaid and friendship reestablished."
This solemn obligation lias been reaffirmed
by treaty with tbe United States at Chickasaw
Bluffs, October 21, 1801, and by articles of
arrangement of September 20, 1816; by the
treaty near Old Town, October 19, 1818, and
treaty of Pantiloe Creek, October 20, 1832,
in which last treaty the Chickasaws ceded to
the Government the remainder of their lands
east of the Mississippi river.
By the first aiticle of the joint treaty with
the Choctaws and Chickasaws, at Washington,
April 28, 18G6, peace and amity are fully estab-
lished and affirmed.
peace and amity with choctaws.
By the treaty of Hopewell, of January 3,
1786, it is agreed with the Cboctaws, in the
language of the treaty with the Chickasaws as
given above, article eleven, "that the hatchet
shall be forever buried," &c.
This assurance of peace and amity is re-
affirmed in the treaty of Fort Adams, Decem-
ber 17, 1801 ; by the articles of convention,
Fort Confederation, October 17, 1802; treaty
of Hoc Buckintoopa, August 31, 1803 ; Poos-
hadukonnok, November 16, 1805; Choctaw
Trading-House, October 24, 181G; Doak's
stand, October 18, 1820; the city of Washing-
ton, January 25, 1825; and by the treaty of
Dancing Rabbit Creek, September 27, 1830.
By article third of this treaty, the Chocjaws
ceded to the United States the residue of the
lands east of the Mississippi river, and by the
first article of the joint treaty of Washington
of April 28, 18G6, it is provided that "per-
manent peace and friendship are hereby estab-
lished between the United States and said
nations; and the Choctaws and Chickasaws
do hereby bind themselves respectively to use
their influence, and to make every exertion to
induce Indiansof the plains to maintain peace-
ful relations with each other, with other Indi-
ans, and with the United States.
peace and amity with cherokees.
By the treaty of Hopewell, of November 28,
1785, it is agreed with the Cherokees, in the
language of the treaty with the Choctaws and
Chickasaws, that " the hatchet shall be forever
buried," &c. This is reaffirmed in substance
in subsequent treaties, as by treaty of Holston,
July 2, 1791; Philadelphia, June 26, 1794;
Tellico, October 2, 1798; Tellico, October 25,
1805; Tellico, October 27, 1805; the city of
Washington, November 14, 1805; Washing-
ton, January 7, 1806; Washington, Septem-
ber 11, 1807; Washington, March 22, 1810;
Turkey Town, September 14, 1816; at the
Cherokee Agency July 8, 1817 ; Washington,
February 27, 1819; l'ellico, October 24, 1804;
convention of Washington, May 6, 1828 ; treaty
of Fort Gibson. Febiuary 14, 1833 ; treaty of
New Echota, Georgia, December 2!), 1835.
By this last treaty the Cherokees ceded the re-
mainder of their lands east of the Mississippi
river. And peace and amity are reaffirmed by
the second article of the treaty of Washing-
ton, July 19, 1866.
peace and amity with the creeks.
By the first article of the treaty of New
York of August 7, 1790, the Creek nation
agreed that—
" There shall be perpetual peace and friendship
between all tbe citizens of the United States of
America and all the individuals, towns, and tribes
of the Upper, Middle, and Lower Creeks and Semi-
noles composing the Creek nation of Indians."
This is affirmed in stronger terms by the
treaty of Colrain, June 29, 1796, and Fort
Wilkinson, on June 16, 1802; city of Wash-
ington, November 14,1805; Creek Agency,
June 22, 1818; Indian Springs, January 8,
1821 ; city of Washington, January 24, 1826;
supplemental article of March 81, 1826 ; Creek
Agency, November 15, 1827; city of Washing-
ton, March 24, 1832: and treaty of Fort Gib
son, February 14, 1833. They declare—
"Article 1. The Muskogee or Creeknation ofln-
dians, west of the Mississippi, declare themselves to
be the friends and allies of the United States, under
whose parental care and protection they desire to
continue."
And the first article of the treaty of Wash-
ington, of March 21, 18G6, made with the
Creeks, declares that—
"There shall be perpetual peace and friendship
between the parties to this treaty; and the Creeks
bind them-'eives to remain firm allies and friends of
the United States, and never to take up nrms against
the United States, but always to faithfully aid in
putting down its enemies."
They also agree to remain at peace with all
other Indian tribes, and in return the United
States guaranties them quiet possession of
their country and protection against hostil-
ities on the part of other tribes.
By the first article of the treaty with the
Seminoles of March 21, 186G, made at the city
of Washington, it provides in the same terms
as that with the Creek nation proper of the
same date and place touching the permanent
peace and amity between the United States
and the Seminoles.
The same is also true of other tribes settled
on the said territory west of ninety six: degrees,
by virtue of' provisions of the treaties of 186(5
above referred to.
Mr. Speaker, I have made this chronolo-
gical exhibit of the oft-declared and reasserted
sentiments of peace and amity between the
Government and these several tribes of Chero-
kee, Choctaw, Chickasaw, and Creek Indians,
to show the House and country the reckless-
ness of the attempt now being made here to
cro-s a pathway of such long continued good
feeling and mutual friendship, for the sole
purpose of doing violence to solemn contracts
and our national h onor,solely for the accom-
modation of speculators in the public domain
who stand in the way of the nation's progress,
blasting alike the hopes of the philanthropist
and the laborer, recognizing no law but that
of personal aggrandizement, and no virtue
that intervenes their avarice.
Sir, there is a Providence that rules the
affairs of men that sometimes has given ample
proofs that He will not always bear the oppres-
sions of the helpless with patience. We have
already learned in sorrow and in blood that
God is just, and that his justice does not sleep
forever.
protection of the united states.
Mr. Speaker, I now ask attention to
another link in this chain binding the people
of the United States to an honest administra-
tion of its treaties, contracts, and laws with
these several nations or tribes of Indians. It
is our ofl-repeated solemn promises to protect
them from external and internal harm, accom-
panied with their full and unqualified acknowl-
edgment and acceptance of that protecting
care.
protection to chek0kees.
By our treaty with the Cherokees, made at
Hopewell, November 28, 1785, it is provided:
" Art. 3. The said Indians, fox themselves and
their respective tribes and towns, do acknowledge
all the Cherokees to be under the protection of the
United States of America, and of no other sovereign
whatsoever."
And by the treaty of Holston, July 2, 1791,
the Cherokees reaffirm the above words, and
further provide:
"And they also stipulate that the said Cherokee
nation will not hold any treaty with any foreign
Power, individual State, or individuals of any State."
This is again reaffirmed in the treaty of
Philadelphia, June 2G, 1794; of Tellico, Octo-
ber 2, 1798; of Cherokee Agency, July 8,
1817 ; and by the twenty-sixth article of the
treaty of Washington, July 19, 1806, it is pro-
vided that—■
"The United States guarantees to the people of
the Cherokee nation the quiet and peaceable pos-
session of their country, and protection^ against
domestic feuds and insurrection, and against hos-
tilities of other tribes. They shall also be protected
against interruptions or intrusion from all unau-
thorized citizens of the United States who may
attempt to settle on their lands or reside in their
territory."
This guaranty is to the people of the Chero-
kee nation.
protection to choctaws.
By the second article of our treaty of Hope-
well, of January 3, 1786, with the Choctaws, it
is provided that—
"The commissioners plenipotentiary of all the
Choctaw nations do hereby acknowledge the tribes
and towns of the said nation, and the lands within
the boundary allotted to the said Indians to live and
hunt on, as mentioned in the third article, to bo
under the protection of the United States of Amer-
ica, and of no other sovereign wliatsovor."
This is reaffirmed in words by treaty of Fort
Adams, December 17, 1810, and by the very
