3312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
cost of placing coal and iron in market. The
tonnage tax was $401,493, and the commuta-
tion of tonnage $360,000. Tbese are all bur-
dens on coal and iron production, and on the
capital and labor employed in that business.
When I produced this "executive docu-
ment" of 1870, the other day, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] called me
"an antediluvian." It seems he did not
know that the flood had subsided some cen-
turies ago. There has been such an overflow
of bounties in Pennsylvania that her Repre-
sentatives may suppose the flood has risen
again.
Bnthereis another State document, "legis-
lative document" for 1871. Will some gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania produce a later one ?
1 should like to see it. In Legislative Docu-
ments for 1871,- page 130, is a comparative
statement for three years, which shows that the
State of Pennsylvania has gathered her chief.
income for 1868, 18G9, and 1870 from industrial
sources by special taxation, notexempting such
corporations as are the means by which coal
and iron enterprises are conducted.
From these special taxes she received ill
three years over $10,000,000. and in the last
five years over $15,000,000, with no tax on
land, and but little on personal property.
Here is a statement prepared from legislative
document of Pennsylvania for 1871, page 136 :
1868. 18G9. 1870.
Tax on corpora-
tion stock -SI,061,008 08 $1,037,172 05 $1,241,278 24
Tlix on not
earnings  422.803 74 310,895 3S 396,193 92
Tax on d oss
Burnings  384,101 98 573,420 71 392,809 79
Tax on tou-
tiuge  307,537 78 293,901 42 -101,493 58
Commutation of
tonTiuKo  .moon oo 3c>o,ooo oo ooo.ooo oo
Tax oil ooitl  192.433 89 15!),577 60 2,-2,193 22
Licenses  011,75171 711.850 02 738,770 45
Thus the Stale litis raided revenue by special
taxation on her iron" and coal and other in-
dustries while she asks us to protect her iron
interests by discriminating tariffs.
I ask again whether some learned gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will not explain to
tins House how it is that in honesty and good
faith that great and prosperous State, second
in wealth and population, can lay special bur-
dens on these interests and then come to us
and say they must have special bounty and
protection?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT, and Mr. SPEER of Penn-
sylvania, rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] is recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. SPEER of Pennsylvania. 1 would like
the gentleman to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. SARGENT. My object was to move
that the com in it Lee rise. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania for a moment
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
say just, a word in reply to the buncombe
speech of the gentleman Irom Ohio, [Mr. Ste-
venson.] In doing so, I do not wish to in-
dulge in any reflection on any section of the
country. 1 claim no special favors for Penn-
sylvania. 1 simply ask for her justice. And
1 wish to remove whatever false impressions
may have been produced in this House by the
roaring sound, the thundering noise of my
frii-rd from Ohio.
Pennsylvania lays no special tax upon the
production of coal, or upon the production
of iron or upon the production of anything
else. She taxes corporations, whether they
are local or foreign, whether they are engaged
in the mining of coal or in any other enter-
prise.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
allow me to send him this document, an offi-
cial record of his own State, showing that for
three years coal has been taxed $251,000 in a
year?
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman to read from his document, instead
of giving his own inferences.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask you to read it
yourself, if you doubt my reading. Here it is.
Legislative Documents, 1871.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man 
Mr. SARGENT. I must resume the floor.
The gentleman will probably have another
opportunity of speaking in his own time.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I thought
the gentleman bad yielded his five minutes
to me.
I wish to say, Mr. Chairman, that the taxes,
of which the gentleman gives statistics, are
derived not only from domestic corporations,
but from foreign corporations—insurance cor-
porations, bank corporations, and all kinds of
corporations, whether they are local or foreign.
Mr. STEVENSON. Coal or iron.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The divi-
dends of all corporations—bank, insurance,
oil, railroads, mining, &c., are taxed—but no
discrimination whatever is made against coal
and iron corporations. Merchants, traders,
and dealers pay a license or tax in Pennsyl-
vania, as they doubtless do in other States.
It is the merest nousense, the most glaring
humbuggery, and the most transparent dema-
gogistn for any man worthy of a seat in this
House to rise on this floor and attempt, by
means so shallow, to excite prejudice against
the greatand noble State of Pennsylvania, rich
and beneficent and just to all the citizens of
the land, whether they live within her borders
or in Ohio, or in other States. It is most fla-
grantly unjust for the gentleman to seek to
injure and cripple a great industry like the
manufacture of iron, when his own State ranks
second or third in the production of iron
among the States of this Union.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the gentleman
deny that there was a direct tax on coal in
Pennsylvania for three years? [Cries of
" Order 1" and rapping of the gavel by the
Chair.]
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I do ; and
the gentleman is not dangerous, though he
roars like a lion.
Mr. STEVENSON. And the gentleman
roars like a lamb.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Then we
will lie down together.
Mr. STEVENSON. Very well; and I will
not devour you. [Laughter.]
Mr. SARGENT. If we take as much time
on tho rest of the bill as we have on this single
line, we will not be able to get through tor
months. I lnid intended to move that the
committee now rise, but I understand from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Dawes] that unless the vote can
be taken upon the pending paragraph in ten
or fifteen minutes at the outside, lie will him-
self move that the committee rise. It seems
to me that if we propose to dispose of legis-
lation so as to adjourn at some early time, we
ought to be more concise in our debates than
we have been upon this subject.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that we will now
take a vote upon iron, and then I will move
that the committee rise. I ask unanimous
consent that debate may be considered as
closed.
Mr. BfjRCHARD. Does the gentleman
ask unanimous consent to close debate on this
paragraph only?
Mr. DAWES. I wish it closed on the sub-
ject of iron.
Mr. BURCHARD. I understood the prop-
osition to be to close it upon the paragraph
relating to pig iron.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition is to
close debate upon the pending paragraph.
No objection was made; and debate w-as
closed accordingly.
The question was then taken upon the amo-
tion of Mr. Beck, to reduce the duty on iron ?
in pigs from six dollars to $5,25 per ton and "
upon a division there were—ayes 71, noes 83.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. BECK and Mr. COX called for tellers. (
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beck and \
Mr. Dickey were appointed. >;
The committee again divided ; and the tell- "}
ers reported that there were—ayes 71, noes 81. *
So the amendment was not agreed to. V
The question was then taken upon the mo- $
tion of Mr. Dawes, to strikeout the line " on
iron in pigs six dollars per ton;" and upon a
division there were—ayes 72, noes 85. ;
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. DAWES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Stevenson were appointed.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. I understand that if this
motion prevails to strike out the clause which
places a duty of six dollars per ton upon iron in
pigs, we would remit iron to the ten per cent.
reduction clause, which would be $6 30 per
ton.
Mr. KERR. I object to debate.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 84, noes 82.
So the motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to. *
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
field reported that the Committee of the .
Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1071) malting
appropriations for the construction, preserva-
tion, and repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense, and had instructed him
to report the same back to the House, with an
amendment.
Also, that the Committee of the Whole had
had under consideration the bill (H. R. No.
2322) to reduce duties on imports, and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
FORTIFICATION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move that the House
concur in the amendment of the Committee
of the Whole to the fortification appropriation
bill.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Insert after line twenty-two the following:
And for completing the earthwork of the glacis
and slope in and about Fort Tompkins, in Now York
harbor, 851,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on thtf
table. *
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIMITATION OF DEBATE ON TARIFF.
Mr. DAWES. I move that when we again
go into Committee of the Whole upon the
tariff bill debate upon the present section be
closed in ten minutes.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. KELLER. I have several amendments
I desire to offer.
Mr. DAWES. They are not> amendments
that will cause any great debate.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not know how much
debate they may cause. Some of them are
amendments recommended by the Treasury
Department.
Mr. DAWES. We have spent two days
upon this section.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We are now
1 approaching, in the consideration of this billj
