624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
from posts of duty, was repealed, and it was
enacted—
"That 110 diplomatic or consular officer shall re-
ceive salary for the time during which ho may be
absent from his post (by leavo or otherwise) beyond
the term of sixty ciays in any one year: Provided,
Xhut the time equal to that usually oceupiod in going
to and from the United States, in case of return, or
leave, of such diplomatic or consular officer, to tho
United States, may be allowed in addition to said
sixty days."
Inasmuch as Mr. Seys was not aware of the
law passed in March, 1868, until his arrival in
this country, in July subsequently, but his leave
of absence was granted to him prior to the
passage of that law, it is unjust to apply to his
case the provisions of that law. It seems not
only equitable but just to deal with liim as
liberally as is provided by the law of March
3, 1869, and allow his salary for tho timeoccu-
pied by him in coming to the United States
and returning to his post, a period of one hun-
dred and six days, amounting to $1,101 64.
It appears by a letter from the Fifth Auditorof
the Treasury that the accounts of Mr. Seys, so
far as-adjusted, show a balance duo from him
to the united States. Tho committee recom-
mend the passage of tho accompanying bill.
Mr. RANDALL. This is probably an equit-
able claim, so far as I can judge from the read-
ing of the report. My object in calling for
the reading of that report is accomplished, as
otherwise this mode of paying our ministers
abroad during an extended absence might run
into an abuse if the reasons in each particu-
lar case were not given. I have no objection
to make to this bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being ongrossed, itwas
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
MELISSA RANKIN.
Mr. WAICEMAN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (II. H. No.
1105) granting a pension to Melissa Rankin,
mother of OliverS. Rankin; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of tho Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Melissa Rankin, mother of Oliver S.
Rankin, who was executed as a spy by tho rebel
authorities, the pension to take effect from the
passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tliothirdtime, and passed.
Mr. WAIvKMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISS. JANE DULANEY.
Mr. WAKEMAN also, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. 11. No.
1196) granting a pension to Mrs. JaneDulaney;
which was read a first and second time.
■ The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Jane Ditlaney, widow of the late
Colonel William Dulauey, a retired officer in
the United States Marine corps; the pension
to take effect from the passage of this act.
Ihe bijl was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WAKEMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN HENRY 51. SCOTT.
Mr, PECK, from tho Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill (II, R. No. 1197)
granting a pension to Captain Henry M. Scott;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Henry M. Scott, late a captain in
company A, seventeenth regiment Indiana vol-
unteers, the pension to take effect from the
passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANN HUNTER.
Mr. PECK also, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1198) granting a pension to Ann Hunter ;
which was read a first and second time.
Tho bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon tho pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Ann Hunter, foster mother of
Mitchell Hunter, late a private in the sixth
Maine volunteers, and to pay her a pension
from and after tho passage of this act.
Tho bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidcr be laid on the
tahle.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELIZABKTII RAVENSCROKT.
Mr. PECK also, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill granting a
pension to Elizabeth Ravcnscroft; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Elizabeth Ravenscroft, widow of
John Ravenserofc, who was sccond mate of
the steamer E. II. Fairchild, of tho Missis-
sippi marine brigade, the pension to take effect
from the passage of this act.
Mr. KERR. 1 think if the committee will
examine this matter further they will find that
this bill is already a law, having been enacted
during the last session of the last Congress.
Mr, PECK. The bill was agreed to by the
committee in the last Congress, but they had
no time to report it.
Mr. KERlt. I am very much mistaken if
it is not, the law now. 1 have sent for the acts
of last Congress to settle tho matter.
Mr. PECK. It passed this House at the last
session of Congress, but did not pass the
Senate.
Mr. KERR. I will send the law to the
Clerk's desk, and ask to have it read.
The Clerk read as follows :
March 3,1871.
Be it enacted by the Senate ami House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and
is hereby, authorized and directed to place on the
pension-roll, subject to tho provisions and limita*-
tions of the pension laws, the namo of Elizabeth
Iiavonscroft, widow of John Ravenscroft, lato a seo-
ond master in the Mississippi marine brigade, and
pay her a pension from and after tho passage of this
act during her widowhood.
Mr. PECK. That is ft very strong ease.
Mr. KERR. I introduced the bill during
the last Congress.
Mr. PECK. I withdraw the bill and papers.
MARGARET GANNON.
Mr. PECK, from the same committee, also
reported adversely on the petition of Margaret
Gannon, widow of Thomas Gannon; and the
same was laid on the table.
CHARLOTTE CRANE.
Mr. BIRD, from the Committee on Invalid
•Pensions, reported a bill (H. R, No. 1199)
granting a pension to Charlotte Crane; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Charlotte Crane, widow of the late Ichabod
B. Crane, colonel of the first regiment of
artillery of the Army of the United States, at
the rate of forty dollars per month from the
4th of March, 1868.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BIRD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REV. WILLIAM II. ROGERS.
Mr. BIRD, from the same committee, also
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1200) granting a
pension to Rev. William H. Rogers; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Rev. William H. Rogers, late
a chaplain in the fifth Tennessee volunteer
infantry in the war with Mexico, at the rate of
twenty dollars per month, to take effect from
the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third timeand being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BIRD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SARAH EVANS.
Mr. BIRD. The committee have been in-
formed that the Senate have passed a bill for
the relief of Sarah Evans, which has come to
the House and lies upon the Speaker's table.
A bill for her relief passed the Senate at the
last session of Congress. If it be in order, I
ask, by unanimous consent, that that bill be
taken from the Speaker's table.
There was no objection; and the bill (S.
No. 390) granting a pension to Sarah Evans
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering it to a third
reading.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to tho provis-
ions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Sarah Evans, mother of L. G. Evans,
late sergeant company K, seventy-first United
States infantry, and pay her a pension from the
passage of this act, and to continue during life.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BIRD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. BIRD, from the same committee, also
made adverse reports in the following cases ;
which were laid on the table:
The petition of Ida Richards, of Indiana;
The petition of Andrew Diss, of Ohio ;
The petition of Russel Smith, of Farming-
ton, Iowa; and
The petition of Marmaduke F. Smith, late
captain company A, eighty-first Illinois volun-
teers, in the war of the rebellion.
GEORGE W. WHITE.
Mr. BIRD, from the same committee, also
reported back a bill (H. R. No, 264) granting
