1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
625
a pension to George W. White, with the rec-
ommendation that it do not pass.
The bill was laid on the table.
ADAM CORIU5LL.
Mr. MANSON, from the fame committee,
reported a bill (II. R. No. 1202) granting a
pension to Adam Correll; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third t.ime.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place upon the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, the name of Adam
Correll. of Galia county, Ohio, at the rate of
eight, dollars per month, to take effect from the
4tli day of March, 1871.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. COX. I would like to call the atten-
tion of the House to a bill which passed a
few minutes ago granting a pension to Adam
Correll. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Crossland] is prepared to make a statement
about this c ise. Would it be in order to move
a reconsideration?
Mr. OiiOSSLAND. I desire to make a
statement in regard to the character of Adam
Correll. He is a robber and a thief. He did
hang about the wing of the Federal army while
it was encamped in Kentucky for a while, but
he was regarded by the Union soldiers and
Union men as simply a robber, cut-throat,
and thief. He has now sent his application
fiom somewhere in Ohio, and it has been
reported by that committee.
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported by
the gentleman fiom Indiana, [Mr. Manson,]
and the Chair believes that he accompanied it
with the usual motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and lay that
motion on the tabl(j.
Mr. COX. I have made the motion to recon-
sider, b.cause we are rather hurrying bills
th tough here, and there seem to be members
of the House who object to the passage of this
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that there is no record that a motion
to leconsider the vote by which this bill was
passed was laid on the table. The motion of
the gentlemen troin New York [Mr. Cox] will
therefore be entertained.
Mr. COX. I move, then, thatthevote by
which the bill was passed be reconsidered, and
that the bill be recommitted to the committee.
I do not desire to do injustice to any one.
The motion to reconsider prevailed, and the
bill was recommitted to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. ELDR1DGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved ilmt the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAltY JANE STONE.
Mr. MANSON also, from the same commit-
tee, repoited a bill (H. It. No. 1203)granting a
pension to Mary .lane Stone, widow of William
J. Stone; which was read a first and second
time.
Tile question was on ordering the bill to be
erg.ossed and read a third time.
J lie bili, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary ot the Interior to place upon the pension-
joli. subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Mary Jane
Stone, widow of William J. Stone, late a sec
ouil lieutenant in company C, thirty-seventh
regiment, Kentucky infantry volunteers, to take
efieet from the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MANSON moved to reconsider the vote
Lywhich the bill was passed ; and also moved
42l> OoNG. 2i) Suss.—Kn. 40.
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The "latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM PARKS.
Mr. MANSON also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely on the memorial
praying Congress to grant a pension to William
Parks, and the same was laid on the table.
MARTHA ELWBLh.
Mr. McJUNKIN, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1079) granting a
pension to Martha Elwell.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Martha
Elwell, the dependent widowed mother of
Newell Elwell, a private in the late war of the
rebellion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McJUNKIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARTIIA DtSSBItOW.
Mr. McJUNKIN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (IT. R. No. 1204) granting
a pension to Martha Desbrow ; which was read
a first and second time.
The question Was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Martha Des
brow, widow of Erastus Desbrow, deceased, a
private soldier in the war of 1812, and that
the pension shall be paid from and after the
1st day of January, 1870.
Mr. WILLARD. Is there a report in this
Mr. McJUNKIN. There is.
The report was read. It appears that Eras
tus Desbrow was a soldier of the war of 1812,
and while in the service of the United States
received a severe wound, in consequence of
which he was granted a pension in 1815, and
received and drew the same uniil 1820, the
year of his death. At his death in 182G ho
left a widow, Mary Desbrow, who has since
remarried, and is now again a widow. She is
seventy-two years of age, and is poor and in
needy circumstances. In 1870 she made ap-
plication to the Pension Bureau for a pension,
but failed to obtain it for the reason that the
physician who had attended her husband in
his last, sickness had since died, and she was
in consequence unable to give his testimony,
which the Commissioner of Pensions required,
that her husband's death was caused by a
wound received in battle. The committee
state that she has furnished satisfactory proof
that her husband died of a wound received
in battle while in the military service of the
United States and in the line of his duty.
Mr. WILLARD. Some bills of a similar
nature with this have been referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812, and as this is a pension for
the widow of a soldier of the war of 1812, £
think it ought to be referred to that committee.
TheSPEAKER. The bill properly belonged
to that committee.
Mr. WILLARD. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMKS IIOUAN.
Mr. WAKEMAN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1205) to increase the pension paid to James
Hogan, of Batavia, in the State of New York,
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engiossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to increase the pension
now allowed and paid to James Hogan, of
Batavia, in the State of New York, from the
rate of fifteen dollars a month to the rate of
twenty dollars a month, and to pay the pen-
sion hereafter at the latter rate, such increase
to commence from December 4, 1871.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WAKEMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TIMOTHY PAIGE.
Mr. WAKEMAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 120G) grant
ing a pension to Timothy Paige, which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Timothy
Paige, the father of Wilkinson W. Paige, late
captain in company M, tenth regiment New
York cavalry volunteers, to take etfect from the
passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WAKEMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PKTiTJO.VS I'OIl PENSIONS.
Mr. MOORE moved that the Committee on
Invalid Pensions be < uncharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the following petitions,
and that the same be referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions and War of
1812:
The petition of Herman J. Ely, for a pen-
sion ;
The petition of sundry citizens of Batavia,
New York, to amend the pension laws of 1871,
by granting pensions to persons serving less
than sixty days ; and
The petition of Thomas Lewis, of Virginia,
praying that a pension maybe granted to him.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN S. COULETT.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1207)
granting a pension to John S. Corlett; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the limitations and provisions
of the pension laws, the name of John S. Cor-
lett, late a teamster in the service of the Uni-
ted States, and to pay him the pension of a
private from and after the passage of this act;
and that he shall be entitled to the benefits of
the laws now in force relative to furnishing
artificial limbs, or commutation therefor, to
disabled soldiers of his class.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, I ask that the
report in this case be read.
The report was read.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I would like to in-
quire what has been the practice of Congress
heretofore, whether it has been to grant pen-
sions in cases of this kind ? This seems to me
to be an oidinary case of a man driving ateswn
and being accidentally injured. I do not un-
derstand that the mules which this man was
