1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S313
a most important question—the principle of
a horizontal tariff.
Mr. DAWES. That question is not in-
volved in this section, but the second. It is
the preceding section on which I propose to
close debate.
Mr. BURCHARD. Will the adoption of
this motion cut off amendments?
The SPEAKER. It will not; it will only
terminate debate. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] proposes that debate
on the first section of the tariff bill terminate
in ten minutes after the House shall again
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That will prevent
our debating any amendment which may be
offered before we proceed to the second
section.
Mr. DAWES. Any amendment that is in
order to the first section will also be in order
to the third section. My only desire is to
hasten along with this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the statement of
the gentleman from Massachusetts is correct,
that any amendment which might be offered
to the first section will be in order as an amend-
ment to the third section, I have no objection.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Dawes, there were—ayes 84, noes 46.
Mr. KERR. I call for the yeas and nays.
On ordeiing the yeas and nays, there
were—ayes twenty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. COX. I call for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is it in
order to move to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. That motion is always
in order.
Mr. DAWES. I think the House will bear
me witness that I have never attempted to
choke off debate; but we have never had such
a debate on any previous bill as we have had
on a few lines of this. I desire that we shall
press on as fast as we can. When the third
section is reached any amendment which would
have been in order to the first section will be
in order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The first
section, as I understand, involves the whole
principle of a horizontal tariff.
Mr. DAWES. That is the second section.
The SPEAKER. The motion does not
apply to the second section. In order that
the House may vote understandingly, the Chair
will state that the second section of the bill
begins on the second page, after line twenty
of the printed bill; and the third section be-
gins at line twenty-six, on page 3. The motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts does not
affect the second section of the bill. It could
not do so. The Chair could not entertain
such a motion.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will it be
in order to move as an amendment the duty
on bar iron, &c., as embraced in the bill
originally reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means?
The SPEAKER. The original bill is not
before the House at all.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Can we insert
that amendmentafter we reach the second sec-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. That has nothing to do
with this question. That is a question which
the Chair will not undertake to decide, because
the rules forbid it. The Chairman of the
Committee of the Whole must decide such ques-
tions. The pending question is upon the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] to terminate debate on the first sec-
tion of the bill in ten minutes after the House
shall again resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BURCHARD. I desire to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. SARGENT. I object.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let us under-
stand each other, and you will save time.
Mr. BURCHARD. Will it be in order to
42d Cono. 2d Sess.—No. 208.
offer any independent proposition in reference
to bar iron or any other subject before the sec-
ond section is reached, and to debate it?
The SPEAKE R.. The proposition is, the
text of the bill having been completed in the
Committee of the Whole, all future debate
shall be closed in ten minutes, and then the
committee shall proceed to the second sec-
tion.
Mr. BURCHARD. It will cut off all de-
bate on any proposition submitted.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair said so twice,
and now says so for the third time.
Mr. BECK. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. KELLEY. I move when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to mcst on Monday morn-
ing next.
Mr. DAWES. I want my friend from the
Committee of Ways and Means, in reforming
the tariff, to stand by me. If the majority is
in favor of the committee's bill, then take it,
and if it is in favor of the gentleman's bill,
then take that.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment. I have one that is recommended by
the Treasury Department.
Mr. COX. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. COX. Then I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I had the floor
when interrupted for a parliamentary ques-
tion.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my objection. I
made it because I did not wish to see thoso
two gentlemen over there get into a fight.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it be in order
to move any new paragraph about bar iron?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer.
If the bill were in the House the Chair would
answer; but it is not. He might come to cross-
rulings with the chairman of the Committee
of the Whole, which he does not desire to do.
It is not his province to rule 011 what takes
place in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BECK. I have moved the House
adjourn.
Mr. KELLEY. And I, when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
COMMITTBK OF CLAIMS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of Claims having had
set apart Saturday week next for the considera-
tion of its business, moved to take from the
Speaker's table certain Senate bills for refer-
ence to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The following Senate bills were taken from
the Speaker's table, severally read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims:
A bill (S. No. 526) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Ambrose Morrison ;
A bill (S. No. 514) for the relief of Albert
Woilonn • onri
A bill (S. No. 685) for the relief of B. C.
Presley.
PUBLIC BUILDING, ROCKLAND, MAINE.
On motion of Mr. HALE, by unanimous
consent, the following amendment from the
Senate to a bill (H. R. No. 2616) authorizing
the erection of a public building at Rockland,
Maine, was taken from the Speaker's table
and concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the end of the bill insert:
And shall also duly release and relinquish to the
United States the right to tax or in any way assess
such site or property of the United States which
may be thereon during the time the United States
shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendment was agreed
to; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee 011
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 807) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to pay certain certificates issued
for fortification purposes inLawretice, Kansas;
An act (S. No. 936) relinquishing certain
wharf property to the city of New Orleans;
An act (II. R. No. 2042) for the relief of
Fannie M. Jackson, of Tennessee; and
An act (H. It. No. 2682) authorizing the
construction of a public building at Fall
River, in the State of Massachusetts.
MKSSAOE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, informed the Hons® that
the Seimto disagreed to the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
408) to enable the President to appoint, a Pay-
master General of the Army, asked a confer-
ence with the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two liotisos, and had appointed Mr.
Wilson, Mr. Morton, and Mr. Bi.aik the
conferees 011 the part of the Senate.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 68) to prescribe
tho time for holding the election for electors
of President and Vice President in the State
of Louisiana, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message also announced that the Son-
ate had pagsed, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
the bill (H. 11. No. 188) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to make partition of
a reservation to Mo shin go-me ua, a Miami
Indian.
The messsigo further announced that, the
Senate had passed without amendment bills
of the House of tho following titles:
A bill (II. R. No. 1005) regulating the sal-
ary of the consul at Tien-Tsui, China;
A bill (II. It. No. 2027) to enable the city
of Denver to purchase lauda iu Colorado for
a cemetery; and
A bill (H. It. No. 2507) to authorize the
issue of a supply of arms to the authorities of
the Territory of Montana.
The message further aniu.uncud that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House of Representatives to bills of the Sea-
ate of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 809) to prohibit the retention
of soldiers' discharges by claim agents and
attorneys;
A bill (S. No. 609) to reduce the limits of
the military reservation at Fort Stanton, New
Mexico; and
A bill (S. No. 446) to amend an act entitled
" An act to establish and protect national
cemeteries," approved February 22, 1867.
OKDKK OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. A motion is pending sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of the Committee
of Ways 8nd Means, to limit debate on the
first section of the tariff bill to ten minutes,
pending which the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] moves that the House do now
adjourn ; and pending that motion the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kei.ley] moves
that when the House adjourns to-day it be to
meet on Monday next.
The question being taken on Mr. Kew.ey's
motion, that when the House adjourns to-day
it be to meet on Monday next, ttrere were—*
ayes 65, noes 77.
Mr. KELLEY demanded tellers.
The question being taken on ordering tell-
ers, there were—ayes twenty-five, more than
one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kellb?
and Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 01, noes 74.,
Before the result of this vote was announeed,
. ; f ■
