1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2417
restrictive provisions of the treaty of Dancing
Kabbit Creek, of September 27, 1810, the fifth
article of which provides that—
''The United States are obliged to protect the
Choctaws from domestic strife and from foreign ene-
mies, oil the same principles that the citizens of the
United States are protected. So that whatever would
be a legal demand upon the United States for de-
fense or for wrongs committed by an enemy on a
citizen of the u nited States shall be equally binding
in iavor ot Choctaws," &a.
protection to chickasaws.
By our treaty of Hopewell, of January 10,
1786, with the Chickasaws, it is solemnly pro-
vided that—
"Art. 2. The commissioners plenipotentiary of
the Chickasaws do hereby acknowledge the tribes
and the towns of the Chickasaw nation to be under
the protection of the United States of America, and
of no other sovereign whosoever."
This is again affirmed by treaty in the Chick-
asaw country July 23, 1805; by treaty of city
of Washington of May 24, 1834.
The first article of the treaty of Washington
city of June 2, 1851, provides that—
"The Chickasaw tribe of Indians acknowledge
themselves to be under the guardianship of the
United States, and/as a means of securing the pro-
tection guaranteed to them by former treaties it is
agreed that an agent of the United States shall con-
tinue to reside among them."
The fourteenth article of the joint treaty of
Washington of June 22, 1855, between the
United States and the Choctaws and Chicka-
saws, provides that—
"The United States shall protect the Choctaws
and Chickasaws from domestic strife, from hostile
invasion, and from aggression by other Indians and
white persons not subject to their jurisdiction and
laws; and for all injuries resulting from such in-
vasion or aggressions fullindemnity is hereby guar-
antied to the party or parties injured, out of the
Treasury ot the United States, upon the same prin-
ciple and according to the same rules upon which
white persons are entitled to indemnity for injuries
or aggressions upon them committed by Indians."
Thus the United States agrees to be respons-
ible in money for any dereliction of its duty
under treaty stipulations to protect the Choc-
taws and Chickasaws in the quiet possession
of their homes, and by treaty wuh Choctaws
and Chickasaws of April 28, 1800, as above
quoted from articles forty thiee and forty-five
of that joint treaty.
protection to the creeks.
By our treaty of New York ot August 7, 1790,
with the Creek nation, it is, by article two, pro-
claimed that all pans of the Creek nation then
"within the limits of the United States, do
solemnly acknowledge themselves and the said
parts of the Creek nation to be under the pro-
tection of the United States of America, and
of no other sovereign whosoever." This was
again specially affirmed by our treaty of Col-
ram, June 29, 1796. These guarantees for pro-
tection are again renewed in the first artiele of
the treaty of June 14, 1866, made at Washing-
ton, in which th£ United States guaranties
them protection "against hostilities oil the
part of other tribes."
The United States and the Creek nation are
by this article declared to be " firm allies and
friends," and protection is fully reaffirmed in
this treaty by the twelfth article, which reas-
sumes all treaty stipulations with Creeks of a
prior date not inconsistent with this treaty.
And article eighteen of the treaty of Wash-
ington, of August 7, 1856, with the Creeks and
Semiuoles, provides that—
" The United States shall protect the Creeks and
Seminoles from domestic strife, from hostile inva-
sion and from 'aggressions by other Indians and
white persons not subject to their jurisdiction and
laws: and for all injuries from such invasion or
aggression full indemnity is hereby granted to the
party or parties injured out of the Treasury of the
United States, upon the same principle and accord-
ing to the same rules upon which white persons are
entitled to indemnity for injuries or aggressions
upon them committed by Indians."
By a long series of treaties the United States
offered its protection to these Indian nations,
who as often accepted it; and, 'with more faith
than millions of our white people, they have
kept their part of the obligation inviolate.
42d Conu, 2d Skss.—No. 152.
Four thousand of them fought under the Union
Hag m our late war, which was all of their men
over twenty-one years of age. No white com-
munity did so well.
protection of indian lands from intrusion.
It has been the constant practice of the Gov-
ernment to extend to the Indian tribes hold-
ing special properties by the assent of the
Government protection against intruders on
their lands. I call attention to the treaties
with the Choctaws, Chickasaws, Creeks, and
Cherokees, where provisions of this kind
are made and affirmed.
intrusion on cherokee lands.
By our treaty with the Cherokees of Hope-
well, November 28, 1785 ; of Tellico, Octo-
ber 2, 1798; of Tellico, October 25, 1805 ; of
Cherokee Agency, July 8, 1817; fifth article
treaty of Washington, February 27, 1819; and
also by fifth artiele of the treaty of Washington
of May 6, 1828, touching the establishment of
the west line of Arkansas, and the removal of
Indians west of a white settlement east of that
line, " so that no obstacles arising out of the
presence of a white population, or a popula-
tion of any other sort, shall exist among the
Cherokees."
The law of Congress of May 28, 1830, pro-
vides :
" Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall and
may be lawful for the President to cause such tribe
or nation to be protected at their now residence
against all interruption or disturbance from any
other tribe or nation of Indians, or from any other
person or persons whatever."
The sixth article of the treaty of New Echota,
of December 29. 1335, by which the Cherokees
got their present country, provides that the
Cherokees "shall also be protected against
interruption and intrusion from citizens of the
United States who may attempt to settle in
their country without their consent;" and by
the twenty-seventh article of the treaty of
Washington city, of July 19, 1866, it is pro-
vided ;
"And all persons not in the military service of the
United States, not citizens of the Cherokee nation,
are to be prohibited from coming into the Cherokee
nation, or removing in the same, except as herein
otherwise provided; and it is the duty of the Uni-
ted States Indian agent for the Cherokees to have
such persons, not lawfully residing or sojourning
therein, removed from the nation, as they now are
or hereafter may be required by the Indian inter-
course laws ot the United States."
intrusion* on choctaw lands.
By our treaty with the Choctaws of Hope-
well, of January 3, 1786, it is agreed that
their lands shall be protected from intruders.
This is more fully declared in the ninth article
of the treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek, made
September 27, 1830. The seventh article of
the treaty with the Choctaw and Chickasaw
nations, 1855, provides that—
" So far as may be compatible with the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the laws made in
pursuance thereof, regulating trade and intercourse
with tne Indian tribes, the Choctaws and Chicka-
saws shall be secured in the unrestricted right of
self-government and full jurisdiction over persons
and property within their respective limits;" *
* * * "and all persons not being citizens
or members of either the Choctaw or Chickasaw
tribes, found within their limits, shall be considered
intruders, and removed from and kept out ot the
same by the United States agent, assisted, if neces-
sary, by the military"—
excepting officers and .families, peaceful trav-
elers, military, and those making improve-
ments authorized by treaty stipulations. By
the forty-third article of the joint treaty of
Washington, made April 28, 1866, with the
Choctaws and Chickasaws, it is declared
that—
"The United States promise and agree that no
white person except officeis, agents, and employes
of the Government, and of any internal improvement
company or persons traveling through or tempo-
rarily sojourning in the said nations, or either of
them, shall be permuted to go into said territory
unless formally incorporated and nationalized by
the prior action of both (Choctaw and Chickataw)
nations, into one of the said nations of Choctaws and ;
Chickasaws, according to their laws, customs, and !
usages/' '
intrusion on chickasaw lands.
^By our treaty of Hopewell of January 10,
1786, with the Chickasaws, it is, as with the
Choctaws, provided that no citizen should in-
trude upon their lands; and by the fourth
article of the treaty of , made in the Choc-
taw country, this obligation is again expressly
renewed ; and by the treaty of Washington of
April 26, 1866, it was expressly reaffirmed by
the forty-fifth article that " all the rights, priv-
ileges, and immunities heretofore possessed by
said nations or individuals thereof, or to which
they were entitled under the treaties and legis-
lation heretofore made and had. in connection
with them shall be, and are hereby, declared
to be in full force, so far aa they are consistent
with the provisions of this treaty.
intrusion on creek lands.
By treaty of New York, made August 7,
1790, with the Muscogee or Creek, nation of
Indians, it is declared that " if any citizen of
the United States, or other person, not being
an Indian, shall attempt to settle on any of
the Creek lands, such person shall forfeit the
protection of the United States, and the Creeks
may punish him or not as they please."
The treaty further provided that " no citi-
zen or inhabitant of the United States shall
attempt to hunt or destroy the game on the
Creek lands."
The treaty of Colrain, of June 29, 1796,
reaffirms the treaty of New York.
By the first article of the treaty of 1866 the
United States guarantees to the Creek nation
the quiet possession of their country.
And the twelfth article of the treaty of June
14, 1866, reaffirms and reassumes all obliga-
tions of former treaties not inconsistent with
this one. This is in strict accordance with
former treaties, not inconsistent with the last
one, and affirmed by it.
indian nations to give notice of danger TO
united states.
Cherokee'-s Allies.
By the treaty of Hopewell, of November 28,
1785, the Cherokees undertook to stand sen-
tinel at the nation's outposts, and to give
notice of any approaching danger.
The eleventh article of the treaty is in these
remarkable words:
"The said Indians shall give notice to the citi-
zens of the United States of any designs of which
they may know or suspect to be formed in any
neighboring tribe, or by any person whosoever,
against the peace, trade, or interest of the United
States."
This article is by the thirteenth article of
the treaty of Holston, of July 2, 1791, re-
adopted in words; and the first article of
the treaty of Philadelphia, of June 26, 1794,
reaffirms the treaty of Holston.
Article two of the treaty of Tellico, of Octo-
ber 2, 1798, affirms former treaties "under their
respective articles."
The first article of the treaty of Tellico, of
October 25. 1805. affirms specially all former
treaties for the promotion of peace and pre-
vention of crime ; and the fifth article of the
treaty of the Cherokee agency, of July 8, 1817,
specially affirms all former treaties in this
behalf.
Choctatcs Allies.
By the tenth article of the treaty of Hope-
well, of January 3, 1786, with the Choctaw
nation, it is agreed in the same words of that
with the Cherokees touching the obligation
of the Choctaws to give notice of danger
" against the peace, trade, or interest of the
United States of America."
Subsequent treaties between the Choctaws
and the United States affirmed and reaffirmed
this obliga'ion ; and by the first artiele of the
treaty of April 28, 1866, with Choctaws and
Chickasaws and United States, it is agreed
that these nations will " maj^e every exertion
to induce Indians of the plains to maintain
peaceful relations with each other, with other
Indians, and with the United States,''
