1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'5*3
42d Cons 2d
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
stone, and to transform and transport the very
body and dignity of the court itself.
But, sir, these are serious matters to us.
Let me give you yet another illustration of how
justice is dispensed to the people of Ala-
bama.
At this same term of court a man from Lau-
derdale county, in my own district, who had
been indicted hy the State court for the mur-
der of one of our best citizens, and who, not
three weeks before the sitting of the Federal
court, had sued out a writ of habeas corpus
before the judge of our circuit court, and had
been very properly refused bail, was released
by this United States district judge on straw
bail, on a bond of $1,000, and went scot-free.
There was in this case no observance of the
plain requirements of the law. in giving notice
to the solicitor, or examining a single witness,
the only evidence necessary being that the
accused belonged to the Radical party, and
that the murdered man had been a member
of the other party, and a sympathizer with the
southern cause.
There are many other such cases, the details
of which I will not occupy your time in giving.
They are matters of record to-day in my State,
and in all of which, from first to last, the
United States district court has been prosti-
tuted to partisan purpose':, exercised unwar-
ranted authority in mockery of justice and in
contempt*of law. The shallowest, flimsiest
pretenses have been sufficient for the hunting
down and the punishment of southern men.
On the other hand, the grossest outrages have
been committed upon our people by the hire-
lings of the Government, and not one word in
their condemnation, or one step toward their
correction by the proper authority. A glar-
ing instance of this kind is that of the United
States marshal of this same United States dis-
trict court, who, shortly before the holding of
the court, m February last, with a squad of
hired rowdies and robbers whom he had with
him as a posse, attacked and shamefully beat
and maltreated an old inoffensive and peaceful
citizen of Morgan county, in my district, (Mr.
M. Sensabaugh, of Decatur,) and without the
slightest pretense of provocation or justifica-
tion whatever—nothing but the fell spirit of
devilish hate and mischief which actuates such
miscreants in such positions. And yet these
facts were known to the court and to the pow-
ers at Washington, and this man Thomas is
still retained as a "peace" officer in Alabama.
This is the statement of a simple fact as one
of many instances of the same kind throughout
the South. But, Mr. Speaker, they are "foil,"
deeds of " loil " men, and as such, require no
farther comment.
I have shown you briefly, sir, as my time
would permit the political and civil aspect of
affairs iu my State and throughout the South.
Let me add a word or two here as to the mili-
tary governments to which we have been
more or less subjected under the pretense to
Congress and the world that it was to protect
the lives and property of loyal citizens of the
South against the still rebellious spirit of the
people, a nd to enforce the execution of the laws.
The country is familiar with the use that has
been made of them. It was seen in Missis-
sippi, where the white people vrere kept, from
the polls, and the mo?t.subf}e'rvient of satraps,
without a local habitation, or even the color
of citizenship, was foisted by his bayonets
into a seat in the United- States Senate- in
Texas a similar attempt was made, biit through
some failure in the management proved abor-
tive. Qnly-a few days sinee we had the scandal
of the Gatli'ng- gnns brought to- bear upon a
recusant division of the Radical Legislature iu
Louisiana, where-their " moral influence" was
used' to bring' theov to terms. When later,
however, the properly constituted authorities
of the State asked fop the eoopeiation of the
Federal troops to preserve the peace and order
of the city of New Orleans, seriously threat-
ened by disturbing elements, the request was
refused.
In my own State we have also had the bene-
fit more or less of a military surveillance, and
have experienced the tranquilizing effects of
their vigilant protection. At a riot which
occurred at Iflutaw, in the district of my dis-
tinguished Radical, ant.i-Ku Klux friend and
colleague, [Mr. Hays,] about a year ago, the
commander-in-chief of the army of occupation
of Alabama, with his troops at hand, occupied
a seat upon the platform where there was pub-
lic speaking, around and about which the riot
began, and was conspicuous that day as one
of the bright and shining lights of the Radical
party, and m the beginning of the fight by the
remarkable speed he exhibited in vanishing
from the scene. His conduct there was worthy
of the man who, when he abandoned his head-
quarters at Huntsville and came to Washing-
ton asking to be placed upon the retired list as
" unfit for service," published libela against
the citizens whose hospitality he had partaken,
and uttered unfounded and base slanders
against the virtue of women whose shoe-latch-
ets he was unworthy to fasten. He published
that the " women of the South are used as
corrupters of officers, and also of men, virtue
on the average being no greater in the South
than elsewhere, and thus after a time the
company at any town loses discipline, the ser-
geants and corporals are injured with liquor
and licentiousness, the men scattered, the
morale broken down, and there might as well
be no troops there. Ku Klux might come up
in the next field and kill somebody and the
soldiery be no wiser." This the language
of an officer in high position in the Army of
the United States, sent to protect with his
troops the southern people I
Sir, the South wants peace, and, in the
name of justice, are we never to have it? Un-
wise and injutious legislation and constant
partisan agitation have almost paralyzed our
industries and made bankrupt our people.
Common sense and a common interest will
teach every one that this state of things can-
not much longer continue. The North grew
rich upon the war. The South was impover-
ished. But if the South remain.? much longer
in this condition the North will become seri-
ously afflicted. The productions of the United
States that are available in foreign commerce,
that is, that are exported and made effective
in the payment of our imports, are mostly
agricultural. Without these exports our im-
ports would cease and our country become
bankrupt. The immense products of the West,
consisting of provisions and breadstuffs, are
to a great extent consumed in the family ; but
comparatively a small amount is exported; in
fact, the regular export of agricultui al products
of the West, except when crops fail in Europe
or when war exists in some portion of the
world, is not of such magnitude as to form a
national asset worthy of much consideration.
The productions of a planter that are con-
sumed, either in the making of his crop or
the support of his family, do not increase his
wealth or furnish him with means for payment
of debts or purchase of property. It is only
that portion which he has for sale over and
above expenses that adds to his wealth. Now,
by far the greater portion of the agricultural
products of the West are consumed by our-
selves, and add to our export wealth only so
far as they sustain those who are producing
export values. But the products of southern
agriculture are just the reverse, and particu-
la'rjy in our great staples where the larger por-
tion is absolutely exported. Every bale of
cotton is a bill of exchange that balances an
import or debt equivalent to its value, and
even of that portion of our cotton which is ,
nominally consumed at the Bast, a portior is
wrought into manufactured goods and ex-
ported. In tobacco our foreign export, {x
greater than the amount consumed in the
family, and this would probably have been tl)e
case with sugar and rice but for the destruc-
tion of those interests by the late w^r. But
in the case of sugar and rice consumed in the
family, they are equal to a foreign export from
the fact that they save us from an import equal
to their value.
During the late war the United States Gov-
ernment was seriously affected by the want of
our export values; fortunately for it, petro-
leum sprung up as if by magic and furnished
something, and credit was relied upon to make
up the deficit. Since the close of the war
the South has furnished in cotton alone over
fourteen hundred millions, and of tobacco,
sugar, and rice, probably three hundred mil-
lions more; and this in seven years. Had our
industries been protected by the fostering caife
of the Government the amount would have
been much larger, i'he rapid return of finan-
cial prosperity to the Government is largely
attributable to this source; in fact, without
them it is difficult to see how the nation could
have sustained itself. The most surprising
thing to financial minds that are not imbued
with political aims and ends is that the people
of the East anjd West do not see their own
interests in protecting ours. In a national
point of view it must be see.n that it is desira-
ble to increase our export values, while even
those who are incapable of looking only at
private interests ought to see that money would
be saved to th^m by cheap cotton, tobacco,
sugar, and rice. They of the East and West
are the consumers and not the producers of
these things. So long as the present state
of things continue, so long as the Government
is using all its energies and power to destroy
the productive interests of the South, they must
pay high prices for them.
Mr. Speaker, in the name and on behalf
of the people of Alabama I utter my solemn
protest against the passage of an act calculated
to oppress them, and against any legislation
which will infringe upon their rights as Ameri-
can citizens. I claim for them, sir, the same
protection and security which the Constitution
and the laws guarantee to all alike. There is
no justification for such acts, nor any founda-
tion in truth. The State government of Ala-
bama will compare with any in the faithful exe-
cution of the laws, and the people are behind
none others in the honest discharge of every
obligation as citizens of the State and of the
United States.
lui Klux Outrages.
SPEECH OF HON. HORACE MAYNARD,
OF TKNNKSiSKK,
In the House op Representatives,
May 30, 1872.
The House having met for debate as m Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. MAYNAKD said:
Mr. Speaker: The sputters confederacy, so
called, was composed of eje.v.e? States, not
counting Kentucky or Missouri, ,Tlj.e effect
of the war was to. d£priv§. a}J of local
government. Tb<?y. w,§r| hejd in the grasp
of the military po.^er und.ee th<j, federal Gov-
ernment, with such semi-civil ftdmjnjstration
as would- keep the jpsce and adjust personal,
rights between the citizens.
The first effort of Federal authority %fter.
the rebel arms were dispersed was to rees-
tablish the State governments.
Congress had adjourned on the4th of March;
previous, and would not assemble until tha
following December. The President had just
