3314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11
•  7
Mf. DA'WES and Mr. FINKELNBURG
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and there
were—yeas 82, nays 90, not voting 08 ; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Barnura, Biggs,
Austin Blair, Boles, Buckley, Burdett, Campbell,
Carroll, Coghlftn, Comingo, Connor, Crossland,
Dickey, Box, Du Bose, Barnes, Eldredgo, Elliott,
(letz, Golladay, Griffith, Hancock, Handtey, Hanks,
llarmer, Harper, John W. Hazel toil, Hereford, Hoar,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Lamison,
Leach, Lewis, McClelland, McJuukin, McNeely,
Morrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan, Morphis,
Leonard Myers, Niblack, Packard, Packer, Pondle-
ton, Piatt. Rainey, Randall, Head, John M. ltico,
Kitchie. William ft. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt,
Scolield, Seeley. Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker,
John A. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Tliomas J. Spoor,
Stevens, Storm, Strong, St. John, Sutherland, Taffe,
l)wight Townsend, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Tynor, Waddell, whitoley, Williams of Now York,
John T. Wilson, and Winchester—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Arthur, Avorill, Banks,
Barber, Beatty, Beck, Bell, Beveridge, Bigby, Bird,
Jatnes G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks,
I! u Ilia ton, Bureliard, Caldwell, Coburn, Conger,
Cotton, Crcbs, Criteher, Dawes, Donnan, Duell,
Duke, Duiuiell, Farnswoi-th, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Hale,
Ucorgo E. Harris, Havens, Hawloy, Hay, Gerry W.
llazelton. llerndon, llibbard, Hill, Kerr, Kotcham,
King, Lansing, Lowo, McCormick, .VlcCrury, Mo-
Grow, Mcletyre, MeKinnoy, Meniam, Monroe,
Moore, Palmer, Hosoa W, Parker. Isaac C. Parker,
Pock, Poreo, Aaron Jb\ Perry, Eli Porry, Petors,
Potior, Prico, Edward Y. ltico, Ellis 11. Roberts,
Rusk. Sargent, Sawyor, Sessions, Shanks, Slater,
Wortnington C. Smith, Snydor, Spraguo, Steven-
son, Terry, Twicliell, Upson, Vaughan, Wakcman,
Waldon, Walilron, Wallaco, Weils, Wliitthorne,
Wiilard. and Williams of Indiana—00.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Acker, Archer, Barry,
Bingham, George M. Brooks, Benjamin V. iintler,
ltodoriok R. Butler, William T. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Cox, Creelv, Crocker, Darrall, Davis,
Do barge, Ely, Forkor, Henry 1). Koster, tiartield,
Garrett, (joudiieh. Uuhleman, Uiilsey, ilambleton,
John T. Harris, il.ivs, llolmaii llooper, lv.il 1 in-
ger, Kinsclla, Lamjiorl. Lynch, Manson, Marshall,
Maynard, Mcllenry, Mefvee, Meicur, Mitchell,
Morcy, Nejdey, Orr, Poland, I'ortuv, i'rindlo. llogcrs,
Sheldon, Slicliabarger. Siocuiu, SJoss, ii. Board-
man Smith, Suapp, Starkweather, Steughton. Stow-
t'N, Sw.mn, vSyphor. Thomas, Tuthill, Van Trump,
Voorhecs, Walls. Warren, Wheolor. Jorouiiah M.
Wilson, Wood, and Young—08.
'Flip question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Buck, that tho House adjourn.
Tlio motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at lour o'clock and forty-live minutes pan.)
tho House adjourned.
l'KTITlONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to tho appropriate
committees :
By Mr. AllCIIEIl: The petition of Samuel
Jackson for relief.
liy Mr. BECKt Tho petition of A. W.
Blair, of Nicholas county, Kentucky, a ganger
in the seventh district, praying for relief in
consequence of the destruction by lire of
a number of stamps in his possession as
ganger.
By Mr. N1J3KLAC : The petition of W. II.
Nunnemuker, of company A, twenty-fifth Illi-
nois vpluiiteers, for a pension.
By Mr. BRICK : The application of Mr.
John Simpkins, of Jackson county, Georgia,
for the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. RICE, of Illinois : Tho petition of
James A. Cameron, of Macoupin county,
Illinois, a soldier of the late war, for a pen-
sion.
,15y Mr. SPEER, of Georgia : The petition
°' P' Howell, of Lowndes county,
Georgia, asking the removal of his political
disabilities.
post tlodtk bill introduced.
The following was introduced, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Kouds:
By Mr. SLOSS : A bill to establish the fol-
lowing post roads in Alabama : from Flor-
ence to Lexington; from Florence to C. W.
Wesson's; from Florence to Lauderdale Fac-
tory; and from Florence lo Oakland.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 11, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is it desirable that the
Journal should be read this morning?
Mr.^ HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes. I
think it is.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator from Mary-
land desires to hear it I will not move to dis-
pense with the reading.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of the Journal of yesterday's pro-
ceedings.
house bills referred.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions:
A bill (H. R. No. 652) granting a pension
to Hugh T, Ferguson, a private of the war
of. 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 1243) to restore to the
pension-roll Nancy Cloud, widow of William
Cloud, a revolutionary pensioner ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2712) for the relief of
Jesse McCoy ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2130) granting a pension
to Simeon Farnsworth, of Danville, Vermont;
and
A bill (II. R. No. 2339) granting a pension
to Sarah I'ond.
Tho bill (II. R. No. 1492) to take away the
citcuit court jurisdiction of the district court
of the United States for the northern district
of Georgia, to create a circuit court in said
distiict, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its tille, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The bill (II. R. No. 1570) directing that
a bounty-land warrant for one hundred aud
sixty acres of land be issued to Elisha Frank-
lin lor military services in the war of 1812,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (II. R. No. 1071) making appropri-
ations for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and othcrworks
of defense, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
11USINKSS Of POST OKt'ICIi COMMITTEE.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will it be in order for me
to move that, on Wednesday the Senate take a
recess from half past four to half past seven
o'clock for the purpose of considering at the
evening session bills from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it will not do for
us to agree to that at, this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and tho motion cannot he received.
The presentation of petitions aud memorials
is in order.
personal explanation.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask leave of the Senate
to say a word on a matter of a personal nature
with reference to the vote which was taken on
the civil rights bill, so called.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina asks consent to make a
brief personal explanation in regard to the
vote on the civil rights bill. If there be no
objection ho will proceed. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. SAWYER. I fvould not trouble the
Senate with this matter but for the fact that I
have been very considerably misrepresented
among my friends in regard to my votes on
the subject to which I propose to refer. I was
suddenly called away from the city on account
of the illness of a relative, aud was obliged to
pair on the civil rights bill. The pending
motion at the time 1 went away was that of
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
to substitute in place of the amnesty bill, so
called, the civil rights bill. I was in favor of
that substitution, and I paired on all questions
in relation to that with my friend from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Blair.] I did not anticipate,
however, that the old question would come up
in the old form ; that is, the attachment of the
civil rights bill to the amnesty bill, or vice
versa.
I supposed that both bills having been de-
feated once by that sort of tactics we should
be safe against their repetition. I therefore
made no preparation for that contingency.
My policy in the early part of the session
with reference to this matter was to keep these
bills separate, being an earnest and sincere
friend of both of them, and believing that
their union was fatal to both. At the time the
amnesty bill was under consideration before, I
was for keeping that separate, becausc I wished
to have it pass. I was for considering the
civil rights bill by itself, because I wished to
have it pass and become a law. Therefore,
when the question came up on the motion of
the Senator from Connecticut, of attaching the
amnesty bill, or the substantial features of the
amnesty bill, to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, which was what is
known as the civil rights bill, and which was
then before the Senate, had I been present I
should not have voted as was indicated by
a remark of my friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Blair,] who said :
"I am paired with tho Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Sawyer] upon the civil rights bit I, but as
ho is in favur of amnesty, I fool myself at liberty to
vote lor this amendment, which is for amnesty."
Had my friend from Missouri listened to the
remarks which I had the honor to submit on
the day preceding the one upon which this
vote was taken, he would have seen that I was
opposed to attaching the amnesty bill to the
civil rights bill or the civil rights bill to the
amnesty bill, believing that it was sure to de-
feat both ; so that he would not have assumed
that I should have voted with him on that
occasion. His misunderstanding unquestion-
ably arose from his knowledge of my general
views on the amnesty question. I should not
have voted to attach the amnesty bill to the
civil rights bill on that occasion. I wish to
have that fact go upon the record, though had
I been present and voted it would not have
changed the result.
I repeat once more that I am for passing
the civil rights bill. I was for substituting the
civil rights bill for the amnesty measure which
was before the Senate, because I thought we
had the votes to pass it then and there in that
form, and because I believed it must be passed
before we could hope to pass the amnesty bill.
It was good in itself, and its passage would
smooth the way for the passage of another
bill good in itself.
I was not for coupling it with amnesty any
more than I was when we had the amnesty
bill under consideration before. I regarded
the policy as fatal to them both. It has proved
so on two occasions. I hope every friend of
amnesty on the one hand, and every friend of
equal civil rights on the other, will take warn-
ing and resist in future any attempt to embar-
rass the passage of either of these important
measures by saddling it with the other.
AGlUCUTUltAL COLLEGE LANDS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Governor of Alabama,
made iti pursuance of law, in relation to the
Alabama agricultural and mechanical college;
which was referred to the Committee on Edu- ,
cation and Labor, aud ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented five petitions of
late soldiers and sailors of the United States
volunteer Army and Navy, in favor of the
passage of a bill to provide industrial homes
and training .schools for the orphans of the
soldiers' and sailors who served in the Army
