626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
driving were frightened by the firing of guns,
or anything of that sort. Now, ought Con-
gress to go so far as to grant pensions in cases
of this kind? If so, then ought we not to give
pensions to every man who may bo injured in
Washington, or elsewhere, who may be driv-
ing horses or mules, provided he happens at
the time to be in the employ of the Govern-
ment? Every man who works for the Gov-
ernment, whether in the Army, or in any
other way, may be injured by some casualty.
Should he receive a pension?
Mr. MOORE. It is evident that the gentle-
man does not understand this case at all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to under-
stand it.
Mr. MOORE. This man was an enlisted
teamster, and sworn into the United States ser-
vice. He was connected with the supply train
following the army of Major General Curtis,
and in the line of bis duty when he received
this injury.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not under-
stand that he was an enlisted and sworn
teamster ; I supposed he was merely hired.
Mr. MOORE. There is proof among the
papers in this case that the man was an enlisted
teamster.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why did not they
give him a pension at the Pension Bureau?
Why does he come here?
Mr. MOORE. The Pension Bureau con-
strued it just as the gentleman construes it:
that because the man was wounded in a pecu-
liar way therefore he is not entitled to a
pension. Now, among other witnesses, the
assistant wagon-master testifies that at the
time of the accident he rode hastily up and
assisted to extricate the man from his perilous
condition. This man received this injury
while on duty ; of lhat there is no sort of doubt
whatever, or that the injury has been a very
serious one. Besides, 1 will cay that as to
The character of ilie man, I he most ample
te-timony is before the committee. The judge
of the district court of Iowa, the circuit judge,
tlu; e'erk of the court in the county where he
lives, the treasurer, the sheriff, aud a whole
host oi' most respectable citizens, join in a
petition asking- relief for this excellent man.
_ Mr. FAUNSWORTJI. 1 can get petitions
signed by the most respectable citizens of the
United Slates for a pension for any man ; no
doubt about that. What I am cailing atten-
tion to is the granting of pensions upon such
petitions. Respectable gentlemen in Wash-
ington are in the habit every day of Bigning
papers that they do not know anything about.
1 am not opposing this case ; I am only 
Mr. MOORE. Jf the gentleman is not
opposing this bill. I cannot, yield further.
Mr. FAllNSWORTtl. 1 onlyask that, we may
liave some light on this subject, bccause——
Mr. MOORE. I cannot yield any further,
because the gentleman says he is not opposing
this case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to learn par-
ticularly the reasons upon which the Commit-
tee on Pensions have reported this bill.
Mr. MOORE. I think the House is ready
for the question.
The bill Was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly road the third time, and
passed.
Mr._ MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the hill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WARREN RAYMOND.
Mr. MOORE also reported from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions a bill (H. R. No.
1208) grantingan increase of pension to Warren
liaymond, a soldier of the war of 1812; which
was read a Grit and sccond time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to cause
to be paid to Warren Raymond, who was a
private in the one hundred and thirty-fourth
regiment New York volunteer infantry in the
war of 1812, four dollars per month increase on
the pension be is npw drawing, from the 4th
day of September, 1870, to the date of tlie
passage of this act, and thereafter pay him a
pension at the rate of eight dollars a month
during his natural life.
Mr. MOORli. I call for the reading of the
report.
The report was read.
Mr. WILLARD. I believe that this is a pen-
sion of the war of 1812; and I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions and War of 1812.
Mr. MOORE. The gentleman will remem-
ber that I went to him and informed him that
we had examined (his bill, and that, as we had
finished the case before noticing the fact that
it belonged to his committee, we would, if he
had no objection, report it and put it upon its
passage, whereupon he said, "Go ahead and
do so."
Mr. WILLARD. I do not remember the
remark ; but if the gentleman insists upon the
jurisdiction of his committee, I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. MOORE. I will state that this soldier
of the war of 1812 was granted a pension some
years ago at the rate of four dollars per
month, the amount paid for one half disabil-
ity. That pension was granted by a special
act. His disability, however, increased, as is
testified to by ample medical testimony pre-
sented in this case; yet he made no application
for an increase of pension until the passage
of the act of July 1-1, 1808, the fifteenth sec-
tion of which made provision that the Pension
Bureau might, in case of an incioasc of disa-
bility, increase the pension of persons who had
received pensions under special acts of Con-
gress. When this act was passed he put in
his claim, with the evidences of his condition,
ami the bun an, recognizing the fact that lie
was entitled to eight dollars a month, granted
lum a pension at that rate. A subsequentact,
passed July 7, 1870, declared, however, that
the Pension Bureau should not increase any
pension that had been granted by a special
act. But in the mean time, while the law of
1SG3 was still operating, this man had pre-
sented his claim to the bureau, and it had been
allowed. lie was in the possession of his
right before the act of 1870 was passed ; and
it seems to me that his pension ought not to
have been reduced. The equity of this case is
perfectly dear. The Pension Bureau recom-
mended thisraan'scase to Congress for special
relief, recognizing the hardship of his condi-
tion. As lie did not serve the full sixty days
in the war of 1812, but only fifty-seven days,
he cannot, have relief under the act of 1871. I
think the justice of the case is perfectly clear;
and as it is a very small matter, I hope there
will be no objection to its passage.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, one of the
reasons given_ for the passage of this bill is,
this man having served fifty-seven days, his
term of service is so little less than that
required by law that the case in equity comes
within its purview. Now, I desire to say 
Mr. MOORH. The gentleman is mistaken;
I did not give that as a reason.
Mr. CONGER. That is one of the reasons
assigned; aud I wish to say that there are
many eases presenting in equity just as strong
a claim upon Congress as does this. I have
myself, during this session, received letters
from several persons asking that the law may
be so modified that service for less than sixty
days shall be sufficient to entitle a person to "a
pension ; and 1 call the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact  
Mr. MOORE. I say again that I did not
give that as a reason why tlie bill should be
passed.
Mr. CONGER. I ask that they give their
attention to that subject, and make the lime
less, so that soldiers of the war of 1812 who
served twenty, thirty, forty, or fifty days may
have a pension if they were wounded during
their time of service.
Mr. WILLARD. What was the law of July
7, 1870, to which reference has been made ?
Mr. MOORE. The law passed July 7,1870,
declares that the Pension Bureau shall not
consider cases where pension was granted by
special act of Congress. I will call attention to
a clause in the law of July 14,1868. Itis there
stated that all pensions hereafter granted by a
special act of Congress shall be subject to be
varied in amount according to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws. This act
was passed July 14, 18G8. The other act was
passed July 7,1870, nearly two years afterward.
During the time this act of July 14, 18G8, was
in existence, this man obtained this increase
of pension according to law, and was in pos-
session of that right at the time. But the
Pension Bureau construed this act of 1870 to
be retroactive, and it has gone back in this
instance and reduced the pension of this man
from eight to four dollars a month, which
he received originally.
Mr. WILLARD. Has not the same thing
been done in other cases ?
Mr. MOORE. I do not know of any other
case.
Mr. WILLARD, They give this as the
reason in this ease.
Mr. MOORE. They give the law as the
leason.
Mr. WILLARD. That is the only reason.
Mr. MOORE.. It is, and the committee
recommend this man have relief at, the hands
of Congress, recognizing the fact that his dis-
abilities have continued and have increased,
and that he is really entitled to eight dollars
per month.
Mr. WILLARD. Then it is simply restor-
ing to him what he has had already?
Mr. MOORE. Yes, it simply restores to
him eight dollars per monlh.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accoidingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORli moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DELILA KOBEItTSON.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1209) granting a
pension to Delila Robertson; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Inteiior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions ami limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Delila Robertson, widow of John
H. Robertson, late of company C eleventh
regiment Missouri State militia cavalry, and
pay her a pension from and after the passage
of this act, and during her widowhood.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORQE J. ST. LOUIS.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. II. No. 1210) granting
a pension to George J". St. Louis ; which was
read a first and second time.
Ihe bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of George J. St. Louis, late private company
A, thirty-third regiment Illinois volunteers, to
take effect from the passage of this aet.
Mr. MOOH15. 1 state, for the information
