5Y4
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. op "Reps.
Kit Klux Outrages—Mr. Maynard.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
been assassinated, and the Vice President, an
emphatic antagonist of the lost cause, had suc-
ceeded him. The new Executive entered at
once and vigorously upon the important work
of what has ever since been designated as
reconstruction. By the assembling of Con-
gress, in December, organizations had been
formed in the several seceding States which
were intended to be respectively State govern-
ments.
A controversy at once arose between the
President and Congress whether the business
of reconstruction appertained to the executive
or the legislative department of the Govern-
ment. This struggle, from its inception until
it concluded in the impeachment of the Presi-
dent, will form, I am persuaded, one of the
most interesting chapters of constitutional
history. In fact the new governments could
not stand unless recognized by Congress, as it
very soon became manifest. Such a recogni-
tion they would undoubtedly have received had
they pursued a policy at all in harmony with
the general sentiment of the country. They
had been ordained by the white people alone,
and practically by the same class of men, gen-
erally the same persons, who had engineered
the rebellion. Had they been equal to the
work of establishing governments the rebel-
lion would not have failed. They were not,
and this second attempt failed also.
Deluded by the belief that the President was
on their side, and that in some way a new con-
test was imminent in which the South would
regain her lost fortunes, they yielded to the
most extravagant suggestions. New hopes
were awakened and the old hatred revived.
The emancipated slave was treated as a vassal,
the native Unionist and the settler from the
North as outlaws—" niggers," " scalawags,"
and " carpet-baggers," with no rights which
these infatuated rulers felt bound to respect.
The statutes and judicial decisions of that day
remain a perpetual testimony to their cher-
ished hostility toward what they called the
old Government, and to all who had aided it
in the overthrow of their rebellion against it.
Life was not sale, individual rights were con-
temned, repeated mobs disgraced the largest
cities, and the populace openly predicted there-
suit of the "next war," when the "niggers would
be put buck," and "we" should get ''our
rights." Certain of the self-styled better classes
affected to regret these manilestations, at least
deprecated the responsibility for them; but the
toneof the entire press, and the language of the
leaders of thought, secular and sacred, indi-
cated unmistakably the real diil't of public
sentiment. Loyally to the Government, stig-
matized alternately as "Radicalism" and "nig-
ger equality," was made odious beyond meas-
ure. Things looked squally. A reaction had
set in, which would in a short time have made
the condition of ihe freedman and the Union-
ist, native or northern, worse than if the south-
ern confederacy had been established.
The President, confident in the belief that
the Republican party was fastgoing to pieces,
and deceived by the professions of the old
rebel leaders, was too much engrossed in or-
ganizing a newparty, tobe composed of the lat-
ter and such of the former as could be induced
to approve his policy, to render much assistance.
Like Jatncs II and Ch irles X, he did not
understand his epoch, :<ud so added another
to the list of distinguished failures. *
A convention of southern Unionists of all
colors and nationalities assembled in Phila-
delphia late in the summer of I860. They
appealed for protection to the country in the
name of their slaughtered brethren. Their
appeal was sustained, and the ensuing elec-
tions resulted in overwhelming majorities
against the President and his policy. The
Bepublic.au party did not go to pieces.
Congress now interposed and undertook the
work of reconstruction. It was a weary and
discouraging process. Rebel hatred, execu-
tive hostility, Democratic opposition, and half-
hearted Republican support, presented serious
obstacles. Taking universal suffrage as the
basis, they built upon it with the best avail-
able material. The great body of the old gov-
erning classes were mad and sullen. They
took no part in the business, and used their
influence to prevent all others from doing so.
This was not all; they organized an active,
unrelenting opposition, unscrupulous andreclo
less. No wonder' that they greatly embar-
rassed an undertaking of such intrinsic diffi-
culty. The condition of these States after the
war was truly deplorable. Their revenues
were exhausted and the sources of revenue
almost dried up. Their treasuries were empty;
their debts had increased ; their credit was
doubtful; their labor system was deranged;
their railroads and moneyed institutions were
run down ; their public buildings were in
ruins; in short, everything was to be done
and little to do with.
Everybody was invited to cooperate who
would. The old rebel class no doubt believed
that 110 government, could possibly he estab-
lished without them. Many still so believe.
As they would not assist, nothing less could
be done than to try. Those of them who were
willing to take hold, like Governor Holden
and Governor Brown and several honorable
gentlemen of this House, were pressed into the
service and made prominent; the native
Union men, most of them unused to public
office, were brought out ft oin the retirement
of private life ; northern men who attracted
by the natural advantages of the South had
sought homes there at the close of the war
were invited to participate ; colored men of
character and intelligence were encouraged to
assist. In this way, and by these men, the sev-
eral governments were one by one established,
amid what obloquy and derision and cal
urmiy and- false accusation it would be diffi-
cult to tell. The great mass of the rebellion
was seething with rage; their speakers, their
newspapers, the Associated Press u omed with
denunciation. The Democratic party made war
from paity policy, alike without principle and
without feeling ; certain Republicans who seem
to think it a condescension to belong to the
party lifted up their voices in disparagement
and passed virtuously by on the other side.
Perhaps none of their maligners was more reck-
less and unreasonable than Mr. Greeley, of the
New York Tribune. How difficult it has been
to secure action here in the House, and
whence has come the most fatal opposition,
none know so well as we who have felt its
secret and unavowed power.
Yet the good work went on to final and
complete success. As such the exasperated
rebels now acknowledge it and are only too
eager to get it into their hands. The deserted
seats in both Houses of Congress are now all
reoccupied.
I propose to inquire briefly into the condi-
tion of these States since reconstruction, so
far as to ascertain the progress of their material
interests. The joint Committee on the Condi-
tionof the Insurrectionary States have obtained
directly and incidentally much information
upon this point. As a member of that com-
mittee, and chairman of a sub-committee to
take testimony in the Carolinas, Georgia, and
Florida, I have been able to add something to
my previous knowledge.
GENERAL CONDITION OF THE SOOTH.
Rev. Charles W. Howard, a Presbyterian
clergyman by profession, and a rebel captain
during the war, examined at Atlanta as a wit-
ness for the minority, is the editor of an indus-
trial and agricultural paper, a vice president
of the State agricultural society. He has been
connected, as he says, with the agricultural
societies of the State for twenty years, and iti
that way has given attention to the subject
"very closely indeed; perhaps more so than
any man in the State." This gemleman suys
the progress since the war has been very won-
derful. The agriculture of the State has been
greatly improved, and he thinks it is now in a
better condition than it ever was before, even
previous to the war. Not only new and valu-
able growths, but cotton has been produced
with the most extraordinary results, and pro-
duced largely, he thinks, from the very indom-
itable energy of the people. Young men who,
previous to the war, were of good blood and
fortune, and accustomed to affluence, when the
war was over pulled off their coaU and took
bold of the plow handles and have placed
themselves in a condition to be independent
men.
The building up of the towns has been
marvelous. Atlanta is an illustration. Savan-
nah has increased very greatly in population,
in wealth, and in material industry, and its
prosperity is next to that of Atlanta. Her
chief puisuit is commerce, and that is greatly
increased. Augusta has an enormous water-
power, and some of the finest cotton factoties
in the United States are to be found there.
The advance of the railway system has been
very much greater than ever known before. It
has been a surprise to all. The tendency of the
popular mind has been in that direction.
Money that was heretofore occupied in the
purchase of slaves now goes to manufactures
and the development of their material re-
sources of every kind. If undisturbed he
thinks the present course of events—this was
in October last—will lead to a degree of pros-
perity never yet known.
With such facts, established by such a wit-
ness, and they are abundantly confirmed, what
becomes of the complaints against the so-
called carpet-bag governments and the mis-
erable excuses for Ku Klux villainy and out-
rage?
BEHAVIOR OP THE COLORED PEOPLE.
This is not all. Mr. Howard is a native of
Georgia, but was educated in New Jersey and
Massachusetts, and with such opportunity of
forming his opinions, he declares his emphatic
belief that it would have been better for th-e
negroes had they remained in slavery ; but he
testifies that they have been quiet and orderly,
under very strong temptations to be otherwise,
and to a wonderful degree. This is confirmed
by many other witnesses of similar sympathies.
'' Their conduct has generally been good, bet-
ter than I expected." '' Peaceable, quiet, and
orderly." "They act quietly and try toacquire
homes for themselves." "The negroes deserve
great credit for their behavior as a rule." " Eu-
titled to very great credit for their conduct."
"We have a very law abiding, orderly set of
negroes." "Perfectly humble and obedient,
as much so as I ever saw them during slave
times." "Generally the negroes work better
than I ever supposed they would. A great
many of them acquire property." " The ne-
groes as a class have been behaving remark-
ably well." " There is a great disposition on
the part of the old people to learn to read,"
" They have behaved so well that the remark is
not uncommon in Georgia, that no race ou earth
relieved from servitude under such circum-
stances as they were would have behaved so
well." "As peaceable as any people in the
world." "A great deal less miscegenation."
These expressions taken each from the testi-
mony of a different witness, and many similar
to be found, prove beyond cavil the excellent
conduct of this class of persons.
Their desire for education is very great and
amounts often almost to a passion. For the
school-house and the church they have shown a
readiness to make the greatest sacrifices. No
untaught people ever displayed a greater thirst
