B316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope this bill will be
allowed to pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
objects, that removes the bill from the con-
sideration of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have stood heremorn-
ing after morning objecting; and it is a
very disagreeable duty. One Senator asks
unanimous consent, and though objection is
made, another asks it, forcing Senators to
rise here and object to each bill that is asked.
The Senator from California objected to the
bill offered by the Senator from New Jersey.
Then another asked consent, and objection
was made. It places Senators in a very awk-
ward position. I think, after such a request
by one Senator has been objected to, as was
the case this morning, it places the objecting
Senator in a very awkward position tor other
Senators to get up and ask unanimous con-
sent. Now, with what propriety would the
Senator from Minnesota, if he has charge of
this bill, ask unanimous consent when he has
just seen it objected to?
Mr. RAMSEY. This bill has just been
reported from the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses the Senator from Illinois objects; but
he does not yet understand whether he does
or does not object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President, I
will object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
does object. The bill will be placed on the
Calendar.
AMKNDMENT TO APPROPRIATION IIILL.
Mr. RICE and Mr. WRIGHT submitted
amendments intended to be proposed by them
to the bill (H. R. No. 2208) making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works on rivers
and harbors, and for other purposes; which
wero referred to the Committeeou Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. COUBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1107) for the relief of William Wilson
JBowlly, collector of internal revenue for Ore-
gon ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
KANSAS SENATORIAL HLHOTIONS.
Mr. MORTON. I submit a report from the
Committee on Privileges and Elections in the
nature ot a resolution,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it cannot be
considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now reported.
It can be read and afterward the Chair will
ask whether there is objection to its present
consideration if the Senator from Indiana
desires its present consideration.
Mr. MORTON. I desire its present con-
sideration.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution as fol-
lows :
IlcHolved, That tho Conimitteoon Privileges and
Elections bo authorized to inve^tig;ito ttio eteeliou
of Senator S. C. I'o.mkkoy by tlio Legislature of Kan-
sas ill 18t>7, and tho election of (Senator Alex vxder
C.vr.DwrcM. in 1871 ; that the committee llavo power
to send tor per«ons and paper-;; that tho chairman
or acting chairman of said committee, or any sub-
committee thereof, have power to administer oa.ths;
that the eommitteo bo authorized to sit in Wash-
ington or elsewhere during tho sossion of Congress
and in vacation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the resolu-
tion? The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. MORTON. I am instructed by the
committee to say that in offering this resolu-
tion they express no opinion in regard to the
charges made against either of these Senators,
and that no inference can be drawn in regard
to their guilt or innocence from the presenta-
tion of this resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, either the
law authorizes any member of a committee to
administer an oath, or it does not. If the law
does so, it is all very well; but by a resolution
of the Senate alone, I suggest, to the Senator,
we cannot confer that authority. It must be
an authority of law. My recollection is that
the statute authorizing investigations confers
only upon chairmen of committees the power
to administer oaths. If I am right in my
recollection of the law, certainly we cannot
change it by a resolution of the Senate. If I
am wrong in my recollection, and the present
law does give the authority to any member of
a committee, then the resolution is unne-
cessary. I think that phrase ought not to
be in it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Without examination,
I will say that I understand the law to be pre-
cisely as the Senator from Maine states it;
but I differ with him in the opinion he has
expressed upon the other point. I understand
that as a matter of parliamentary law either
House may take testimony itself and administer
oaths at its bar, or it may appoint a committee
with power to do so. The power to send for
persons and papers is generally understood to
include the power to administer oaths, but for
the purpose of having no doubt upon it, that
phrase is put in the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend from Maine
were right, the Senate could not make an in-
vestigation upon testimony without the leave
of the House of Representatives, and the con-
verse would be true that the House could not
enter upon an investigaton on testimony with-
out the leave of the Senate. That cannot be
so. The Senate has ample power to confer
upon its committees, and upon any one of them,
the power to administer oaths. Without looking
at it my impression is that there is'a general
rule or u law that authorizes the chairmen of
all committees, I believe it is of standing com-
mittees, and this is a standing committee, to
administer oaths ; but this resolution reported
by the Committee on Privileges and Elections
contemplates the taking of testimony by sub-
committees, and it is necessary therefore to
provide that the sub-committees may have the
power to take testimony and administer oaths ;
otherwise we shall have exactly the same
questiion that we had up in regard to the Ku
Klux committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I have no
very certain opinion upon this question ; hut
on referring to the statute, I think the Senator
will find that the action of Congress has been
predicated on the idea that there must be a
power conferred by statute, not by parliament-
ary law, to enable the chairman of u committee
to administer an oath. By the statute of May,
1798, it is provided—
"That tile President of tho Senate, tho Speaker
of tho ilnuso ot Representatives, a chairman of tho
Oommiitoo of tho Whole, or a chairman of aselect
committee of either IIouso, shall be empowered to
administer oaths or atlirmations to witnesses in any
case under their examination."
And by the act of February 3, 1817, it is
further provided—
" That tho chairman of any standing committee,
either of the House of Representatives or of the
Senate of the United States, shall bo empowered
to administer oaths or aHirmations to witnesses in
any case under their examination."
The action of Congress heretofore has been
based upon the idea that there must be a
statute to authorize the chairmen of the va-
rious committees to administer an oath, not
that it was a power inhering in us, and one
which we derived by parliamentary law.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him there one moment ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. The reason for that is
simply this: you cannot indict a witness for
perjury and convict him, without a statute
declaring what is perjury. It would be per-
fectly competent, however, for Congress to
declare that if any witness should swear
falsely before a committee raised by the Sen-
ate alone, and authorized by the Senate alone,
to administer oaths and take testimony, that
should be perjury.
Mr. HAMLIN. For the Senate alone so
to declare?
Mr. THURMAN. No; for Congress to
declare that that should be perjury, and that
the persons should be subject to indictment.
But if, without any such statute being in ex-
istence, a witness should swear falsely before
an investigating committee of the Senate, or
before the Senate at the bar, he would be lia-
ble to punishment under the parliamentary
law.
Mr. HAMLIN. If Congress should pro-
vide by law that a witness thus swearing
should be punished for perjury, he could be so
punished; but if no such law exists, I submit
to the Senator whether it would be perjury
legally to testify falsely before a committee
who had authority on-ly by virtue of a power
given to it from this body.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well. I have only
suggested the point. It is a mere matter of
form, perhaps ; but then putting it precisely in
the position which the Senator from Ohio de-
sires, though you can authorize some one
besides the chairman to administer an oath,
you cannot convict a man for testifying falsely
under it-
Mr. CARPENTER. As I recollect the old
authorities upon the subject, they are these:
for a great many years, for about a century I
think, it was a mooted question in the House
of Commons whether oaths could be adminis-
tered by committees. Finally it was directed
by a resolution of the House of Commons, and
has been the steady practice since under that
order of the House, upon the ground that it
was a delegation of the power which the House
itself passed to administer an oath at its bar.
Undoubtedly, if a witness who was called here
to the bar of the Senate and sworn by the Vice
President, committed perjury, he could nor, be
indicted in the judicial courts without a statute
punishing it; but if he committed perjury at
our bar, he would be guilty of a contempt of
this body. *
Mr. SHERMAN. May I remind the Senator
that there is a statute punishing witnesses for
perjury in testimony given either before the
Senate or before a committee of the Senate.
This is one of those omissions of law that
ought to be corrected at once by law. I think
if the Senator from Indiana would introduce
a bill now, authorizing any committee of the
body to invest any of its members with the
power to administer an oath in any matter re-
lating to a subject before tliem, there would
then be no difficulty about it, and it seems to
me that ought to be done. Such a law could
be passed by unanimous consent, because both
Houses have been involved in this difficulty of
attempting to divide the powers of a commit-
tee among sub committees, and where there
has not been the sanction oflaw to administer
oaths by its sub-committees.
Mr. CARPENTER. There is no doubt the
law ought to be changed on that subject; but
the Senate cannot change it, this morning, and
for that reason this resolution was offered. I
do not recollect that there is any statute of
Congress authorizing the judge of any judicial
court, either the Supreme Court, a district
court, or a circuit court, to administer an
oath. The law in fixing the duties of the
clerk provides that he shall administer oaths ;
but nobody doubts, I take it, that a judge
holding court may administer an oath. It is
one ot' the incidental, implied, inherent
powers of a judicial tribunal, and it is equally
so of a legislative tribunal making an investi-
gation ; and when a committee is sent out by
the Senate to make an investigation, they go
in the name of the Senate, and may be
authorized by the Senate to do in that matter
whatever the Senate may do.
Mr. SCOTT. The remark of the Senator
from Ohio reminds me that the bill has already
been introduced, and is now before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, intended to cure the
