1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
legislation, and the Chair rules that the sec-
tion is not amendable in that way. The gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent] appeals
from the decision of the Chair. The question
is, 11 Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the committee?"
On the question there were—ayes one hun-
dred and seven, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. DUELL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
On page 55, line sixteen, after the word "date,"
add the following as an additional section:
That any assistant assessor of internal revenue
who has performed, or may hereafter perform, under
authority or requirement of law, the duties of as-
sessor of internal revenue, in conscquence of any
vacancy in the office of such assessor, shall bo enti-
tled to and receive the commissions as is provided
by law for such assessor; but no such payment shall
in any case be made when the assessor has received
or is entitled to receive commissions for the same
period of time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the point
that that amendment is not in order to this
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out.
Mr. SKELLABARGER. I move in the
sixth line to strike out the words "under
seal," and in lieu thereof insert u in writing;"
so that the section will read:
Sec. 2. That no claim of any kind whatever against
the United States shall be considered by the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, nor paid by or on
behalf of the Government, unless the same shall be
filed within seven years from the time such claim
accrues, which said seven years shall begin, as to
contracts in writing, from date when the contract
bvits terms is or should bo completed, and, as to all
other claims, from the date at which the service was
rendered, the work done, or the supplies or materials
famished: Provided, That this section shall not bo
held to apply to the interest or principal of the pub-
lic debt, nor to claims directed to be examined and
settled by special act of Congress: And provided
further. That it shall take effect from and after the
1st of January, 1873, and its provisions shall apply
to all claiuis and vouchers presented after that dato.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is right.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. 1 wish to make
a remark or two. It seems to me the section
is not sufficiently full and accurate in its pro-
visions for a statute of limitations. It is an
important section indeed. Let me suggest to
the chiiirman, what provision is there 111 this
section to cover all that class of claims which
do not come under the head of contracts in
writing, or under the head of claims, such as
claims for work, for supplies, and for mate-
rials of various kinds ? There seems 110 lim-
itation in reference to this sort of claims. Of
course the gentleman means to cover those as
well as all other claims. There are still other
defects, as it seems to me, in the section, and
I wish to ask whether there is in fact any real
necessity for this section, and whether we bad
not better strike it out?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
if 1 may have the attention of the commit-
tee for a moment I will explain the reasons
for this section. When the Secretary of the
Treasury was before the Committee 011 Appro-
priations he was asked the amount of money
he would be likely to need for the payment of
claims arising out of past affairs, especially
for those which arose during the war, and in
the course of discussing this subject, partly to
this and partly to the deficiency bill, he called
the attention of the committee to a difficulty
which met liim every day in regard to claims,
and especially those claims which it is pro-
vided by law he may settle 011 vouchers and
other proofs. He said a large number of
claims come up growing out of contracts dur-
ing the war, and that men who had long since
ceased to be officers were still signing their
names to vouchers of the date when the trans
action took place, and it was very difficult
and frequently impossible for the Department
to say whether the parties had the right to
sign, or whether the signatures were the result
of subsequent arrangement; that is, whether
the signature to the vouchers was a recent act
or done at the time of the transaction. He
had reason to believe, he assured us, that
many efforts were being made to impose upou
the Department vouchers of that description.
I stated to the Secretary and to the commit-
tee that having been an officer whose duty it
was to order the payment of money, and to sign
vouchers upon money which was to be paid —
and during my subsequent experience many
parties came to me asking me to sign vouchers,
vouchers proper enough at the time, vouchers
I would no doubt have signed at the time when
I was entitled to sign them, but these parties
requested me to sign now by the official title I
held at the time the transactions occurred, and
of course I have never felt myself authorized to
perfect any paper under such circumstances —
I found there was danger that men might with-
out thought and without designing to go be-
yond the law, authenticate papers which would
result in the paying out of the Treasury of
large amounts of money, when really, as they
had ceased to be officers of the United States
Army, they had no' right to authenticate any
such papers. Again, from the large number
of officers who served in the Army, and who
have now returned to civil life, it is not at all
improbable there may be some out of this very
large number who would lend themselves to
making up claims of a fraudulent character.
It seemed, therefore, to the committee that
something ought to be done to prevent the re-
currence of this thing by a statute of limitation,
and the Secretary was requested to draw up a
section which would cover the class of cases
to which be had referred. The committee did
not attempt to put down a complete statute of
limitations to cover all claims, but we did en-
deavor to cover what was a present imminent
danger in reference to a certain class of cases
The Secretary took the matter under advise-
ment, consulting, I believe, with the Solicitor
of the Treasury, but I do not know whether he
did the Attorney General or not, and lie sent
us this section down to the second proviso,
which was as far as he felt perfectly sure we
ought to go at present; but the committee
added a second proviso fixing the date whoa
this shall take effect, and also limiting the
time in such way that every party might have
due notice of the passage of this section.
It seemed to us that thus far we might go with
perfect safety, and that thus for we ought cer-
tainly to go. The only question in my mind
was whether we ought not to go further, but I
do not believe we are sufficiently informed on
the whole scope of the subject to go further
than is here proposed.
Mr. BU TLEIi, ot Massachusetts, rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out the last word, for
the purpose of calling the attention of the
committee to this section. While I agree that
there may be danger of fraudulent accounts,
such as the chairman of the committee has
spoken of, yet I would ask why, in order
to prevent the danger of fraudulent accounts,
cut off every just claim within one year?
For that is the effect of what is pending. If
the effect of these provisions was merely to cut
off fraudulent claims, 1 would not have a word
to say. But this would apply to the case of a
toUher who has not got his bounty or back
pay, and who has a just claim against the
United States. 'They propose to interpose a
statute of limitations, to take effect within one
year. Because the Departments say that they
cannot protect themselves against fraud, they
therefore propose to cut out all just claims
coming under this section. Now, I say that
it is just as much the duty of the Government
to pay the just claims against it as to protect
itself against the unjust claims. A statute of
limitations to take effect in 011c year! Why,
this bill cannot be heard of by many of the
people of the United States within one year.
You have just agreed not to publish the laws
in the newspapers, and only to circulate them
in pamphlets, and if you can anywhere bury
information it is in official documents. Now,
here aie men who have no means of knowing
exactly what they will be required to prove.
They wait, hoping that justice will be done
them by the Government without their being
required to go to the Committee of Claims;
and they will find that by this bill they have
been entirely cut off from a hearing.
Statutes of limitations are always an odious
way of preventing a claim. Even among pri-
vate individuals a man is always held to be dis-
honest, who pleads the statute of limitations
against a just claim. But what shall be said
of a great Government, of a Government of the
people, which shelters itself behind the statute
of limitations to resist a just claim against
which it cannot protect itself otherwise ? This
is said to be a protection against fraudulent
vouchers. But why cannot fraudulent vouch-
ers be made up and filed within seven years as
within any other time?
I hope the committee will pause before
agreeing to this section. For, let me say that
this is an unusual way of legislation. Why
does not the Department send this proposition
to some appropriate committee? Let it go
to that committee, be examined by it, and
when examined, let it be brought in here.
Why should it be tacked on at the end of an
appropriation bill? Why cannot the Commit-
tee on Appropriations—and I speak with all
the respect which is due to that committee—
why cannot they leave the other committees
of the House to recommend the appropriate
legislation in this respect?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I oppose pro
forma the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlbr.] Iam disposed
to agree with that gentleman that this is not
quite the method of changing our entire policy
with reference to a matter of so much import-
ance. So far as I am aware, this is the first
example of a statute of limitations for the
Government. We all remember the old adage
that the sovereign never pleads the statute
and he never pays interest. Certainly upon
the latter part of that proposition we have
been acting here constantly. We have always
followed the first part of it also, I think, on
this floor.
Now, this section two is not an attempt to
make a general statute of limitations. It is
partial, referring only to claims of a certain
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. All
claims.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Yes, but only
those that come before the Department; and
it occurs to me that this provision would not
cut off suits, and would not cut off appeals to
Congress. Would not the first effect of it bo
that in all cases in which it should turn out
that parties might bring their claims before
Congress they would bring them to Congress?
I think that would be the natural result of it.
I am not prepared myself to vote for the enact
ment of such a statute as this from any pres-
ent consideration that I have given to it, and
I think if any such statute is desirable at all,
it would be better that the subject should go
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and that
a law should be carefully prepared which
would meet the particular exigencies which
are referred to.
MKSSAO.K FltOM TIIB SENATE.
The committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox, one of their
clerks, informed the House that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, the bill (H. H.
No. 434) to establish certain post routes in the
State of Iowa.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I was about to
say, when I was interrupted, that if it is desir-
able to prevent forged claims, it seems to me
