1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
577
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Ku Khtx Outrages—Mr. Maynard.
ho. of Reps.
"Question. Did they injure your person—break tho
skm ?
'"Anvwr, Thoy broke the skin a little <>n mo in
two placet*; but thoy biuit*ed the old man power-
fully. I do not think flu: hickory waa keen enough
to cut tho skiri; but his baokwas right black tor two
week;'.
[\Qtirstion. How was H with your back ?
Anwar, It, was Jill in wits, except that my left
arm was black ami swelled up.
"Qurniivn. lTnw many wore therein the crowd?
X should thmk there wero twenty or
thirty.
"Question. Did thoy give any reason for whipping
you?
Answer. No, sir.
"QittDid you know of any reason?
"AiitfWir, No, sir: only that 1 lived with the old
wan; and it was because ho wiw a Radical; that in
■what they whipped him lor, and I thought, that was
what they whipped  io for. They asked mo what
made mo live with tho old man,nnd X said because
ho had myiaother. J am going to live with him ax
long as I live, and if they ure going to kill mo, t hey
will have to kill mo." * * * * *
"IJy tho Chairman:
"Question. Whut was it you «aid about not lying
in your house since then?
"Answer. I said I have laid in my house but two
nights sinco the 7th of May lu«i.
"Question. Where hove you boon?
"A timer. I lay around watching for them.
"Question. Where did you sloop ?
"Anwar. In tho bushes, when I did sloop; they
said they would kill mo, and X wus alraid to htay in
tho bouse.
"Quirtum. Have they been goinjt about in tho
noignhorhood since thoy whipped you?
'Answer, Yes,sir; they killed a uogro since that."
Abram Colby is a mulaLto, fifty-two years
old, born his father's slave, and by him eman-
cipated at his death. He is a man of good
natural ability and a powerful physique. He
has been twice elected to the Legislature of
Georgia, end his testimony, pages 095-707,
exhibits a good deal of famihaiity with public
affairs. It will be recollectod that the colored
members were expelled from tho Legislature
and afterward reseated. During tho interval
ho was assaulted by a party of sixty-five dis-
guised men and loft for dead. I givo the
affair in his own words:
*'0n tho 29th of October, 18(>0, thoy cruno to my
house and broke my door open, took mo out of my
bed and took mo to tho wood* atul whipped mo throe
houre or more and left mo in tho wood* for dead.
Thoy said to uio.'Do you think you will over vote
another dawnou Radical tickefY' I said, * I will
not tell you n lie.' They said, 'No; don't lull alio/
I thought 1 would not tell a lie, 1 supposed thoy
would kill me anyhow. I said, 4 If there was an
election to-uiorrow, X would vote thoitadioal tickct,'
Thoy set in and whipped too a thousand licks more,
X suppose.
" Question, With what did thoy whip you?
" AH iotrr. With sticks* and with straps that had
buckles «m tile ond« ot them.
" Question,, How many were cn^nRcd in that?
"A nnottr. yixty-live own o to my lunieo and took mo
out; only twenty-five whipped mo, so X understood
after they thought i was dead,
"Question. Were thoy disguised?
I'os, sir.
M Question. Did you know any of thorn?
"yinswer. I think so.
41 Question, llow many?
"Anvtoer. Ton or fifteen.
"Question* (live thoirnames?
"AiwotiT. Doctor John li. Wai kor, William Law-
rence, Jim Williams, Henry Johnson, Mr. lilaok—1
do not know his given name, but ho was a poor fel-
low—Mr. Barnwell, John Dunn, William Turuoll,
Mr. Saunders, a young man—X forgot his first name—
Albert Tunirfon, it young follow, Tom llobinson, and
Henry Jackson. X can swear to those names, and
there aro others 1 can name, some two or thro© 1
think I knew, but i will not toll any exoept I can
swear to them.
"* Quesium. Where was this dono?
"Amw&r, In Greene county, a bout two miles from
.Greonsborotigh. I live in tho country.
"Qnettion. Was that boforo you had boon expelled
from tho legislature?
" ".Awuw. $o, sir; it was after, and before X was
seated again.
"Question. What is tho character of those men
who were ensured in whipping you ?
"Atmoer. Some of them are tho first-class meu in
our town. One Is* a lawyer, one u doctor, and some
arefarmera* bat among th era soooeare not worth tho
bread they eat. X have hoard a great many names
since, but I did not know tiie*a that night.
* Queittion, Did thoy have any talk with you bo-
fore thoy took you out?
Amtetr, Kg, sir. Xhey broke my door down, I
was asleep. Theyealied out, Surrender 1' X said.
Of course I #a^?ender/ They had their pistols,
and they took me m tay oigbt-olotlies and earned
iae %mii© aod a qu&rter froia home. I may say that
i^oylut gifr fry* thousand blows. X told president
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 37.
frrnnt the snmo that I tell you now. Aft^r thr-y 1
thought 1 vvih doad, i>uet< r Walker 'jarno up to feel
my putoo. i'mdimc my wii^t, all v/et ,-md bloorjy,
ho did not Pel my jjul-f. but *aid. 'He U dead".'
Tom Robinson wa« (;</nim.tr>dm« tho rrowd. Two
ot them .Maul. ' Captain, we have not Mtu-ik him a
lick.' Ho *;ud, ' Ye.-, all of you h'ive.' Tlu-y ^iii't.
* Only twenty-three of u4? have winpped him.' He
said, 'tio on and liek him ; he a doad man/ One
of thorn oiime up arid ft ruck me, ] «jounted !• '- ln-k#-.
At tlint time thoy did not hurt me a bi?, «'xe"pf nnout
the neck, Jlej-tru.-k mo two hundi < d b- 'Ih^v
jravc me four or fivt  bundled bepue they<-,,ijim«-ij. e t
couniiri^. Thev told mo to take oft ju> j-ii*if. I
said. ' I nover do that for any ni-in.' Th"y tried t>>
knock mo down with their ntieks. but 'bey could not !
do it. My drawer* fell down sibout my feet, <trid ,
they took holdoj tliemand pulled tbom. nnd t ripped :
me up. Thoyth'ui pulled mysliu t ui>over my bead. !
Th"y s-aid 1 had voted for Graof, JLiulloek, and lilod - i
KOtt.
"Question. You had voted in the IjeyiKlature tor !
Fuller JModip'tt, and had voted at the poll.* tor iiul- ■
lo<d< and (rrntil ? _ j
"Anmerr. Yes, sir. !
"Question. And that was the re:is n thoy «ave iur ■
whipping you*/
"Answer. Yoh, Ptrt and Ihey^aid l*ha i inOuoneo
with thonoKroesof othereouotie-. and had e.itried
tbeiMgr(/(H iiKaui^t thorn. About, two d.iy* betoro
they whipped mo thev olTored mo W'OO to turn nnd
Ko with them, arid t aid they would pay inn
e.ish if I would turn and let another m.m t<  ibe !
Lei?i-«l.ifure in my place. I told thi-m that t would i
not do it if thoy would tfivo rue all Iheeounfy wan
worth ; that Foster J'dotl^ett had always been a true
man to me and to my party. One of them laughed
and said,4 You have a hod naumd J'N^ter lJloduett.'
I said, ' \m, I have,' Thai, night when they whip-
pod mo, t hoy faid, ' You named a lit"tin Hon of your*
Foster Iilodi?ett ; wo will givo you a hundred more
for that;' and they did so. The worst thiug about
tbo wholo matter was tills: mv mother, wife, and
dauffhtor wtjre in the room when they oumo there
nnd carried mo out. My little daughter owmoout
and bejrflred thorn not to carry me away. Tlmydrow
up u ftun ami actually frightened her todo.ith. She
never ko{ over it until she died.
"Qunvtam. llow lotitf did she live?
"A/?*"'*/. About ayour.
"OiwHtum. Had she over been su'k before?
"Anxwi'r. No, sir; (hat wiw tlio part that prrieve«
me the most about the whole thin}.;. I w i-. at my
hou-'o a wotdt a«o. but I Haid in tho wood^ that
niijht; they wero around therelookins; lor me."
A revenue ofTinM*, one Cttsnn, had been way-
laid nnd murdiTod. Mary Brown, a coloied
woman, was suppoMcd to know .something of
the allair. On tho 2lat of May, 1871, a com-
pany of some forty men in disguise went to her
itouso between two and three hours before day.
Her narration, pagH ^75, leaves no room for
comment;
" They took Joe out of tho house (ho is my bus-
band) and stiippod him naked ami whipped him
terribly; they bout him with very tar^o eane-pojes.
as largo as any of these chair-rounds here. Theie
were a couple ot now hoes sitting in the jard.and
they broke one handle over his hoad. Thev then
put. a chain around his neek. 1 was tho i ud one
they took out of the ho uso. Thoy Just drugged
mo out in my nijjht-eloihca. Thoy said, 'What is
that you aro going down to Atlanta to?.wear about ?
Toll us all about it; what uieu aro those you saw?*
I said, 'Hold on; I oannoi talk to about, forty of
you; give mo time, nnd I will talk.' They said,
' Wo are not tfoiui; to hold on at all; wo aro going
to kill you.' I said, ' 1 hope jouwill not kill me;
spare my life.' lie said, '] do not know whether
wo will or not.' Theythiowme down on my i.iee,
stripped my clothes up over uiy hoad, and ga\ e me
about twenty-fn o heks before they let me up. The)
then jerked me up." * * * * * *
"Qu< Htwn. Did they whip you any more that night?
"-iavu'cr*'. Yes, sir; they cut me all to pieces; (hey
left great marks on mo; 1 could not sit up for about
three weeks after that. After they «ot dono with
me everything I had on they stripped oft'; 1 shook
with cold toi about four days. After the> got done
with me Oakes and two boys, Albert Henderson and
Honry Henderson, camo up with a rope. They had
a chain around my neek, and they drew on it until
theyohoked mo so that I Sainted. Sumo of them
said, 'Boys, that's enough; don't do that; that's
over the law.' They jerked me up and tousled me
about until X sort of oamo to iuyt>ulf usfain. One of
them said, 'X would rather kill her right now.'
Another said, 'Oh. no; she hasn't done anything;
lot's not kill her,* Some of them baid, 'It I hud
known she had not done anything more 1 would not
haveoome; but fallowed aho had done something.'
Tho other one said, ' That is all wo know.'"
**«#**# **«
Question, What did they whip vour husband for?
" AMttocr. Not anything, except because thoy could
not make him veto the Democratic ticket. I suppose
that is all thoy had against hiuu
" Qutiation. This waa last May ?
Anmer. Yes, sir; the 21st of last May.
Question. llow many blows did thoy strike you
xn all ?
" AtiWT' I reckon they gave me betwixt eeventy
and eighty liek^.
° (} ith what did they strike you ?
With hickory pwitche.-; they were as
lar;;o my thumb, and all the cane part th'sv woro
our. We lound thnrn the ncxr morning; the cn U
of the twitches were all frazzled : I paw that hetoro
they .-.truck me.
"Qinition. How many switehen did you find?
"A"'<«•"!'. Wo i"iind five hickories up by the fence,
whf-r« they Imd dropped them in order to get on
their hor-ie?.
"Qnfxtlun. Y«.n say they stripped yon entirely?
"Austrrr. They had mo theio about the yard as
naked ad X was born."
II. W. Cone is thuty-five years old, a car-
penter by trade, born in Georgia, but Huh lived
several years m Florida. Was a Union man
during the war,and h a Iiepublican, a white
man. In June of last year be was living in
Baker county, Florida. During the December
ami .January previous he had .served as a petit
juror in the United Staffs court at Jackson-
ville. On the night, of June 2*1 a party of
(!i^ui«ed men beset his hous<\ Ilis wife, Mrs.
Fioiida K. (.'one, a lady twenty-seven years of
this account of what happened. Hhe
herself wan at the titnn far advanced in preg-
nancy. (Page 7-1, Florida testimony :)
"Qumtiort. Arc you the wife of Mr. Xi. W. Cone?
"An*Wf>'. Yr«, sir.
"Question. UdImk told us ia regard to a company
of nu n who went to your home and commuted
certain acts of violence in tho early part of last
summer; I wi.«ft you would givo us an account of
tho transaction, so far as you saw it.
Well, j ir. it was between ten and eleven
oVIock at night: wo had gone to bod and wercasleep.
The noise woke mo up, and the fust I knew thero
was a crowd of men in there. The> knocked mo
down, guvo me a kick on my head and one on my
shoulder, and pulled my hair and tore it a great deal.
M r. Cone w;e< begging them to let me alone, but they
would not do it, but kept knocking mo. Thuy took
me by both hands—I was then on my knee*—and
dragg-d me, I guess, a great deal further than the
length ofthi*. table—dragged me by both hands.
There were three or tour who had hold of me. and
thev dragged me to tho room door, and then lot me
loose ami took hold of him. Ho had Ins uight-idnrt
on, and they took that and turned it up over his
head, and then carried him into tho woods. That
was the last I saw of him until they turned him
loose and ho got back to tho house. After thoy hud
let mo loose anil had taken him to the door and
Martod oil' with him one of them turned aronnd and
came back and told mo that if J followed them
he would blow uiy damned brains out. I happoned
to know him.
" Question, Who was he ?
" A ntw> r. W ill ia in 'l'ysou.
*' Qwxfion. Where does he live?
"Anwrr. J think by lived down on New river,
about twelve or fitteen miles from where we wero
Inuig. 1 knew the one who had hold of mo nnd
dragging me; he lives about seven or eight miles
Innn where we lived.
" Qnehficu, What wjj.s his name?
"An«icrr, Kindred Uriffis. They have never got
hold of him >et; they have had the others up.
" Quotum, llow long; was your husband away from
the house before ho returned?
" Ant.im\ 1 do not know exactly how long it waa;
i j&nioss a half or three quaiters of an hour.
" Question. Did you hear anything while he was
gone ?
'Vluvircr. I heard something like bushes crock-
ing, Uko somebody stepping on bushes, and heard
pistols fired off. I supposed it wn* a signal, orsome-
thing, lor them to gather together alter they got
through with bim.
" Qitifstion. Did you overgo to the place where ho
hail neen whipped?
".4«wrr, No, sir: I have not.
Question. llow long did you afterward remain
ia that place?
'Vlfwrrr. We left there on Wednesday morning,
after the Saturday niprht that they oamo there.
" Question. In what condition was your husband's
person niter ho had been whipped ?
"An.n&er. Well, sir, his back was all raw; the skin
was cut in but one or two ppices. but it was bruised
from one end to tho other; it was a perfect sight.
" Question, Could you form any idea of tho num-
ber ot blows ho must have received ?
"Awwer. No, sir; hi# back was striped just as
thick with stripes as it could be forty or fifty, if not
more. Xlo was just covered, from hisahoulders down
with stripes. One or two places on his side were cut
with a buckle, f thmk it was a stirrup-leather they
whipped him with.
"Qutrtion, llow long before he recovered from the
effects of it ?
"Anawer, 1 do not know exactly how long; thero
were some signs of it three or four weeks afterward.
** Question. Did you yourself suffer any inconven-
ience from their treatment?
"ytasu-er. lt did not actually lay me up in bed,
hut I was disabled to do my work as well as I ought
