1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
421S
mousopinion of the Committee on Appropria-
tions that this appropriation should be made.
The question was put on Mr. Marshall's
motion; and (two thirds voting in favor
thereof) the rules were suspended, and the bill
was passed.
order of business.
Mr. DUNNELL. I desire to submit a report
from the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HOAR. I desire that the House shall
order the tariff bill, as passed, to be printed;
and I also wish to submit a resolution for the
printing of extra copies to be referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. BROOKS. Let us order that now by
unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that that can be done.
Mr. BBOOKS. Can it not be done under
a suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. It cannot. There isalaw
which requires that resolutions for the print-
ing of extra copies shall be referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. Hoar's motion for the printing of the
tariff bill, as passed, was agreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I now offer the following
resolution for reference to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That the ten thousand extra copies of
the tariff bill, just passed, be printed for the use of
the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Cannot that resolution be
acted on at once under a suspension of the
rules?
The SPEAKER. It cannot, but it can be
referred to the Committee on Printing, and
any member of that committee can report it
back at once.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We do not gain
anything by this hurry; the bill has not yet
been enrolled.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks no time
will be lost by postponing this matter till
Friday.
Mr. BROOKS. A bill of this importance
ought to go before the country immediately.
I notice that in the reports of the bill as agreed
to in some of the New York papers there are
several errors which are very mischievous.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. You cannot get the
bill before the country before Friday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the adjournment over till Friday will pre
vent the bill from being signed by the Speaker
and the Vice President and sent to the Presi
dent. The Chair does not intend to leave the
city during the recess, and for the purpose of
having the bill signed a session of the House
might be held to-morrow and for no other
purpose. The Chair will merely call the House
to order and then sign the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Chair cannot
do that when an order has already been made
that when the House adjourns to-day it ad-
journ till Friday.
The SPEAKER. Not unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that by unani
mous consent a session be held to-morrow for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
House meeting at eleven o'clock to-morrow
morning for the simple purpose of enabling
the Speaker to sign the enrolled tariff bill,
which must be done in open House, and for no
other purpose?
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
WirilUKA WAL of PAPERS.
Mr. TURNER was granted, by unanimous
consent, leave to withdraw from the files of
the House the papers in the case of Daniel
Nelson.
Mr. BUCKLEY was granted, by unanimous
consent, leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers m the case of Edward Law-
rence & Co.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire, was
granted indefinite leave of absence.
Mr. WALDRON was granted leave of ab-
sence for the remainder of the session.
Mr. HERNDON, on account of sickness
in his family, was granted leave of absence for
the remainder of the session.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS was granted leave of
absence for the remainder of the session.
Mr. STORM was granted leave of absence
for one day.
Mr. COGHLAN, on account of sickness in
his family, was granted indefinite leave of
absence.
Mr. ELLIOTT was granted leave of absence
until Saturday next.
Mr. CREBS was granted leave of absence
for the remainder of the session.
session of to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion that the House now adjourn. By
order of the House the session of to-morrow
will be for the purpose of enabling the Speaker
to receive a report from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, no other business whatever to
be transacted; after which it will be the duty
of the Speaker to declare the House adjourned
until Friday next.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn; and upon a division there were—
ayes 69, noes 33.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at one o'clock and fifty-five minutes p.
m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 4, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m. Prayer
by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington, District
of Columbia.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal for the purpose of tak-
ing up House bill No. 2850, subject to the
morning business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to anything
being taken up until the conference report ou
the tariff and tax bill is disposed of. _ I move
that the reading of the Journal be dispensed
with and that we proceed to consider the con-
fiirpnfp rpnnrl-.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not object to sus-
pending the reading of the Journal, but I ask
the Senator to let us run through the morning
business, which can be done in ten minutes,
and then a single objection cannot take auy
one off the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed that the
House of Representatives may soon be with-
out a quorum, and it is very important to have
action on this report so that it may reach the
House early.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall throw no obsta-
cle in the way. I want to facilitate it, and I
think the course I have suggested will do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will give way for morn-
ing busit\£ss.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands, then, that at the end of the morning
business he is to recognize the Senator from
Ohio. ,
Mr. SCOTT. I will not object; but I give
notice that I have several times_had up the
bill which I have mentioned, and I wish to
get it acted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading
of the Journal will be dispensed with.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I wish_to get up
this morning, if possible, Senate bill No. 1125
at the proper time. I merely state now that I
regard it of importance connected with the
erecting a building in the city of New York
for custom-house and other Government pur-
poses.
elbridgk gerry.
The VICE PRESIDENT kid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 686) for the
relief of Elbridge Gerry.
The amendment of the House was to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert
the following:
That there be, and is hereby, appropria ted, out of
any moneys in the Treasury of the United States
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $13,200, to be
paid by the Secretary of the Treasury to Elbridgo
G-erry, in full compensation for valuable services
rendered tho Government in 1864.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment with the following
amendment, to add:
And for all claims for Indian depredations up to
the date of the passage of this act.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 862) to create a port of
delivery at La Crosse, in Wisconsin, and to
provide for a surveyor of customs thereat—to
the Committee on Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 2965) removing dis-
abilities of certain persons therein named—to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
The bill (H. R. No. 2958) granting a pen-
sion to Joseph Geer—to the Committee on
Pensions.
The bill (H. R. No. 2957) gran ting a pension
to Mary E. Cochran—to .the Committee on
Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are two
other bills,oneabill (H. R. No. 2956) to author-
ize the building of the New Mexico and Gulf
railway, and for other purposes, in which the
Senator from Rhode Island is interested, and
also the bill (H. R. No. 2959) to regulate the
taking of testimony in certain cases, that the
Senator from California [Mr. Cassekly) de-
sired to reserve. If there be no objection the
Chair will reserve the two bills.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition ofNathan
Cole, late captain and brevet major twenty-
third regiment Veteran Reserve corps, praying
the passage of an act for his relief from indebt-
edness to the Government on account of the
loss of $120 80 by accident; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I present resolutions in the
nature of a petition from the International
Grand Lodge of the Knights of St. Crispin,
held at Boston, April 22, 1872, in which they
solemnly protest, in the name of one hun-
dred thousand shoemakers belonging to their
order, against any and all attempts to_ repeal
the law making eight hours a legal day's work
for all employes directly or indirectly em-
ployed by the Government of the United
States. This is signed by their committee
and by the officers of the Grand Lodge.^ I
move its reference to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, earnestly praying Congress
to preserve inviolate the great guarantees of
religious liberty now contained in the Consti-
tution of the United States, and to dismiss all
petitions asking Congress to adopt measures
for amending the Constitution by incorporat-
ing in it a recognition of God as the soarce
of all authority and power in civil govern-
ment" and of "the Lord Jesus Christ as the
Ruler among the nations;" which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Jane
Humphrey, widow of James R. Humphrey,
