4214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
late of company H, eighty-first Indiana volun- j
teers, praying to bo allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee onPeusions.
He also presented the memorial of Gallus
Ivirchner, of North Vernon, Indiana, praying
compensation for 2,380$ yards ofblue limestone
delivered to the United States ^which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
PAY OF SENATOR RANSOM.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask leave to make a
report from the Committee on Privileges and
Elections in respect to the pay of the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Hansom,] and I
ask for the present consideration of the reso-
lution. The report is as follows:
Tho Committee on Privileges and Elections, to
whom waa referred the following resolution offered
by tho Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.] to wit:
Resolved, That the pay of lion. Matt. VY. Ran-
som, as a Senator from tho State of North Carolina,
shall eoinmenec from the 4th day of March, A. D.
1871- . , „
Report that the practico in oach House of Con-
gress seems to have been founded ui>on a.n interpret-
ation of the act of July 12, 1HG-, (12 Statutes, 624;
Manual, ;512.) consistent with the resolution. As this
intci pretation has been practiced upon sineo 1862,
and may bo considered a.s within the spirit of tho act
aforesaid, your committee report back tho resolu-
tion with a recommendation that it be passed.
0. 1'. MOltTON,
A. «. TJI1IRMAN,
H. li. ANTUONlf,
JOSHUA HILL,
M. 11. CARPENTER,
JOHN A. LOUAN,
li. F. RICH.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
1USPOUTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. POOL. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (II. H. No. 1805) for the relief of the
sureties of James I?. Miller, late collcctor and
depositary at Wilmington, North Carolina, to
report it back and recommend its passage. It
has been fully investigated by the committee,
and I ask that it be put on its passage. The
court sits this week ; and it is to relieve a party
from an obligation under a bond.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object until tho con
fereuce report on tho tarill' bill is disposed of.
Mr. POOL. I must ask, then, to withdraw
the report. I think the Senator ought not to
antagonize the bill, as the court is in session
and it is important to have action.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let, the Senator retain
Jl for a few moments.
Mr. POOl/. I shall not get tho floor then.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will have a
chance.
Mr. POOL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, lo whom was referred the
papers relating to the claim of heirs of Colonel
Francis Taylor, for services rendered in the
revolutionary war, submitted a report accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 1188) lor the relief of
the heirs of Colonel Francis Taylor, and l)r.
Charles Taylor; which was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. VIOKIiliS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. No. 488) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Canal and Water-Power Company,
raportcd adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The committee of conference
appointed by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 1073) increasing the
rates of pension to certain persons therein de-
scribed, and the amendments of the House
thereto, having met, after full and free confer-
ence on the points of disagreement have been
unable to agree. I will state to the Senate the
points of disagreement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think that is
quite fair, as I objected to the Senator from
Ohio's conference report. I do not want to
make any distinction.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator from
Indiana will see himself that the report of the
committee of conference on the tariff bill
ought to be first acted on.
Mr. PRATT. This will not occupy a
miuute.
Mr. SHERMAN. This report will not oc-
cupy a minute, because it has been read, and
all we want is a vote.
Mr. PBATT. I am simply proposing to
state the points of disagreement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is objec-
tion to the consideration of the conference
report, it must go over one day, because the
rule says that all reports of committees must
lie over one day unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
to withdraw it for the present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It can be reached in
ten minutes.
Mr. PRATT. Very well.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to ask the indulgence
of the Senate either now or some time before
the morning hour shall expire, or immediately
thereafter, to allow me to take up two little
bills, and for this reason: I am compelled to
leave the city this evening by reason of sick-
ness in my family. 1 am sure the bills will
not take more than ten or fifteen minutes, and
I will endeavor to confine them within even a
shorter time than that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now we have gone so
far in the morning business that I ask unani-
mous consent to get the tariff bill out of the
way. It will take but a moment. I simply
ask a vote on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks unanimous consent that the
conference report on the tariff bill submitted
last night shall now be considered. It has lain
over one day. Is there objection? The Chair
hears no objection, and the conference report
is before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee of Investi-
gation and Retrenchment instruct me to make
a report. The order to print has already been
made, so that there is no action required.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it accom-
panied with any resolution?
Mr. HOWE. There is no resolution;
simply the report and testimony.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What committee is the
report from ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Investigation and Retrenchments.
Mr. BAYAUD. I will ask presently to sub-
mit on behalf of the minority of that commit-
tee a short memorandum, and I propose also
to ask leave that we may print our views in
the recess of Congress, and I wish also to
make a few remarks; but 1 would rather give
way for a few moments that the tariff confer-
ence report may be considered if it is under-
stood that when that is over I may submit a
proposition to accompany the report of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware desires consent to make a
minority report, not at this moment, but at
some other time during the day, after the con-
ference report on the tariff bill shall have been
disposed of. If the Senator asks unanimous
consent to bo then recognized, the Chair will
submit that; otherwise the recognition will
have to be under the rules of whoever first
addresses the Chair. The Senator trom Iowa
asks consent that some lime during the day
he may have time to consider two private bills,
on account of his having to leave to-night from
serious illness in his family.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will be done no
doubt at any time. I ask now for a vote on
the tariff conference report.
TAX AND TARIFF BILL
The VICE PRESIDENT. That report is
before the Senate, and was read last night.
The question is on concurring in it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I did not
design last night when I rose to speak, nor do
I mean now by any lengthened remarks of
mine to delay the action of the Senate on so
important a subject as that now before them.
I wish to express my regret, however, that
upon several heads as to which the Senate
had very decidedly expressed its views the
conference came to a conclusion to adopt pro-
visions so different in their character. I refer
particularly to two subjects that interest the
State of California. One of these subjects is
that of bagging. The Senate committee and
the Senate in its action on the bill fixed a
reduced rate of duty as compared with the
duty fixed by the House. I wish the confer-
ence had struck the medium at least between
the House section on that subject and the Sen-
ate section. Instead of that, however, the
Senate conferees yielded to the demand of the
House.
Then in regard to the section as to differ-
ential duties upon articles produced east of
tho Cape of Good Hope and imported from
some point west of the Cape of Good Hope.
A motion was made during the discussion in
the Senate to include wool as one of the arti-
clesexcepted from thebenefit of the differential
duties of ten per cent. That motion was voted
down distinctly by the Senate; and yet the
conference committee's report has put it back
with the word " wool" inserted, thus depriv-
ing a product of the State of California of the
benefit of these differential duties. 1 under-
stand very well what pressure there is from the
manufacturing interest for these and such like
changes.
I wish also that the conferencehad succeed-
ed in retaining books at the duty fixed by the
Senate of twenty-two and a half per cent.,
and the same as to quinine. The Senate after
debate in Committee of the Whole, and in the
Senate, fixed it at ten per cent.; the House
made it free ; but the conference committee
has fixed the duty at twenty per cent., neither
the House measure nor the Senate measure.
I do not, of course, intend in the slightest
degree to criticise the action of our conference,
but merely to express my regret with regard
to the changes which I have mentioned. There
are many others, but I will not detain tho
Senate by referring to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will only say that the
committee of conference had a diflicult task.
They had one hundred and fifty amendments
to act on. The House of Representatives re-
cede from their disagreement to all our amend-
ments except eight. About fifteen or twenty
of them are amended by amendments which
are mere modifications of details. As a mat-
ter of course we had to give and take. On the
subject of cotton bagging the House were firm,
and we could not force them to yield to our
amendments. On quinine we reduce the duty
from forty-five to twenty per cent., and we are
now informed that even that reduction is de-
structive to the industry in this country. In
all conferences we have to yield something or
agreement is impossible. In regard to the
indirect importation of wool, I have only to
say that both the Houses passed upon that
favorably. This section was a part of the
Senate tariff bill and is now a part of this bill.
The Committee on Finance hesitated about
the exception as to wool; we struck it out and
the Senate sustained us, but we were compelled
to yield to the position of the House.
On the whole we thought we had got a favor-
able report. If the Senator will look at the
report as published in the Globe this morniDg,
he will find that nearly every amendment of
the Senate has been concurred in.
Not to protract debate, 1 send to the reporter
and ask to have published in the Globe certain
tabular statements, showing the general result
of the reduction of taxation provided for in
this bill. The aggregate reductions are now
$53,057,259, including the taxes on tea and
coffee repealed at this session, but excluding
the income tax, which has now expired, or will
soon expire. The House proposed a reduc-
tion of $43,638,778. The Senate increased
