680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
that this provision is inadequate for that pur-
pose. Whoever will forgo !i claim will tint] no
more difficulty in forging the dales than he
will the signatures and the substance of the
claim. When you find persons who wil l malic
up a claim, they will make out the whole of
the claim just as well as they will make out the
signatures or any other part of it.
Now, it has been ascertained, and chiefly in
the Pension Office, that the persons who man-
ufacture papers for pensions in very large
numbers, have found that instead of being
difficult, it is much more convenient to manu-
facture the entire paper, making all the cer-
tificates and everything connected with the sub-
ject. 1 think, myself, that we shall not reach
the difficulty which the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations supposes might be
rbached by this section, and therefore I am
inclined to vote against it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the amendment to the amendment,.
The question was taken upon Mr. SlIEi.LA-
baroeii's amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. lnow move to strikeout
section two. This case illustrates, perhaps as
■well as any that we are likely to have before us,
the value of the general rule that, independent
legislation shall not be reported in nor consid-
ered in connection with an appropriation bill.
It is a rule of very long standing. But we have
introduced a practice within the last two or tin ec
years, 011 Mondays, of moving to suspend the
rules so that a bill in Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union shall not be subj< ct
to the operation of this rule, and the rules are
suspended by a two thirds vote, on easy-going
and careless consideration, or without consid-
eration. As has been already suggested in
this discussion, legislation of this sort ought to
come from a committee organized on purpo-so
to consider it, and to cont-ider and examine it
in all its bearings as connected with the other
legislation of'the country. Sueh legislation as
this does not belong to au appropriation bill,
and ought not to he connected with it, be-
cause it has not undergone thorough, proper
investigation before it comes before the House,
and 1 his is not the place in which to consider
it. This section proposes to cut off, upon the
1st of January next, every c'aim of every kind
that has arisen during or grown oat of the war,
no matter how the claimants may have been
situated, though they may have been sick, or
in loreign countries, or in prison, or whether
the claimant himself may have died, and has
left, his widow or minor ehi dren to prosecute it.
Ail these claims are to be cut off, and the
effect of this provision will really be to cut, them
off at once, for every gentleman knows the diffi-
culty that our legislation lias in permeating our
country so that it shall come to the knowledge
of the people, and the laws maybe compre-
hended by ten per cent, of (ho people. It is
too sti ingent and too radical a provision to say
that we will not pay claims because they have
not been presented within seven years, what-
ever may be the cause which has prevented
their presentation. I trust that the House
will pause veryjong before adopting a piece
of legislation of this kind, and wilt stiike out
this provision. If then the gentleman desires
it, he can introduce this section as a separate
bill, and let it be referred to the Judiciary
Committee, where it can be considered and
reported 011.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no special
destre to press this section against the judg-
ment of the House, but I do hope that the
committee will consider the tremendous rush,
the vast torrent of claims that have grown out
of our war. 'Ihe country never needed any-
thing of this sort before, for our affairs of this
kind have been small in comparison with the
bulk of them now. All the Departments of
the Government are now groaning under the
weight of the claims pressing every day upon all
the bureaus and all the clerks of the bureaus
and every appliance, fraudulent and otherwise'
is being used to press forward claims growing
out of our lite war. Now, unless we can do
something, unless we can build a dyke some-
where across this roaring current, we will sweep
on with more and more violence until all our
safeguards are broken down. I do not sup-
pose or pretend that this section is perfect, or
sufficiently comprehensive to cover the whole
of these cases, but that it does effectually reach
several classes of these cases I have 110 doubt.
So thinks the Secretary of the Treasury and
those who have conferred with him as his legal
advisers.
I do not quite understand the rule of law as
my friend from Michigan [Mr. Blair] states
it,. I do understand that time does not run
against the Government; but I do not under-
stand that the Government has 110 power to
make a statute of limitations, under which
time shall run against claimants against the
Government. I understand, on the contrary,
that, the Government may make a statute of
limitations, under which claims shall some-
where or some time cease to be valid if not
sooner presented. As 1 understand it, that is
the rule of the common law, and the rule of
our laws everywhere. Almost all classes of
claimants can now go into our courts and sue
the Government.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. GA11F1BLD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. BU I'LEll, ot'Massacliusetts. My ques-
tion is this: are not the ordinary statutes oflim-
itaiious based upon ihe presumption that by
lapse of time the debt has been paid? And
how can that presumption work in the case of
the Government when no debt, can be paid by
the Government without there being full record
of it? As I understand it, all statutes of lim-
itations under the common law are upon the
presumption of the payment of the debt fiom
lapse of time or from loss of evidence. But
in the case of the Government 110 such pre-
sumption can arise, because no debt can be
paid by the Government without Ihe record of
it being made.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do notunder-
stand that to be the whole reason of the law.
It is the fair presumption that when the time
named in the statute of limitations is passed,
if the claimant does not present his claim he
has not a good case, he has no claim to pre-
sent. If he goes 011 after that, time and pre-
sents a claim, it is fair to presume that he has
only a trumped-up claim, a claim without any
foundation. We have now a statute of limita-
tions against all our pensioners, against all our
soldiers for bounty and back pay ; not a pen-
sioner on our rolls but is limited by the statute
of limitations. And only last Monday a bill
was passed through this House changing the
statute of limitationsinfavorof the pensioners,
and extending the time further.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman say
that there is a statute of limitations against
pensioners? °
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I say that, under-
our law, unless a soldier presents his claim
within a certain time he cannot obtain back
pay and back pension.
Mr. MAYNARD. Ah 1
,Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am speaking
of the old claims for back pay and pension.
The soldier must present his claim within a
certain time, or his pension will not extend
back. In the old bounty cases we have a
statute of limitations. Now what I want is,
that you shall have a similar statute of limita-
tions against the contractors and the sharks
that followed the Army, against the rascals
that collie in with claims against the Govern-
ment whenever they can rake up an old claim
or get up one that is fraudulent. Let us at
least do against them what we do against our
pensioners.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on the motion
of Mr. Matjtard, to strike out section two
of the bill, it was agreed to ; there being on a
division—ayes eighty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I shall ask the
yeas and nays on this question in the House.
X am instructed by the Committee 011 Appro-
priations to offer as an amendment the addi-
tional sections which I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That.after the
30.'h day of June, 1872, it shall be the duty ot each
head of the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment and of ail other public olSceis who have
heretofore had printing and binding done at. the
Congressional Printing office for the use of their
respective Departments or public otiices, to include
in their annual estimates for appropriations for the
next fiscal year such sum or sums as may to them,
seeiu necessary for panting and binding to be exe-
cuted under the direction of lUo Congressional
Printer.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of the Congressional Printer, when Con-
Krui?s shall have made an appropriation lor any
Depai traent or public office to be expended for print-
ing and binding to be executed under the direction
ot the Congressional Printer, to cause an account to
bo opened with cach of said Departments or public
offices, on which he shall charge for all printing and
binding ordered by the heads ot said Departments
or public offices in accordance with the schedule of
prices established in accordance with law; and it
shall not be lawful tor him to cause to be executed
any printing or binding, the value whereof shall
exceed thoninount appropriated for such purpose;
aud the Congressional Printer is hereby authorized
to employ a clerk ot class two to have charge of said
accounts, and that he rnnkea detailed ropoit of each
account with Departments or public offices to Con-
gress in his annual report.
fcjRC. 5. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts limiting the number of congressional
documents to bo printed for the use of any head of
Departmentorpublic office arehereby repealed.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
the introduction of these amendments ? None
being heard, they are admitted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire te 
say 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Do the.se
amendments come from the Committee ou
Appropriations.
Mr. GAUbMKLD, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. .BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I raise a
point of order upon them.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I insist that it
is too late to raise the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts assert that he made the
point before the Chair announced his decision?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The point was
not made until I began to speak.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As soon
as the amendments were read, and I ascer-
tainedthc committee they came from, I made
the point.
Mr. SARGENT. I trust that at any rate
the gentleman from Massachusetts will hear
an explanation of the amendments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will hear
the explanation if my objection is reserved.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the'gentle-
man will let me explain, I propose to leave
him in the same status in which he is now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
understand the matter. The Chair asked dis-
tinctly whether there was objection to the
introduction of the amendments; and there
being no objection, the Chair declared that
they were admitted. Did the gentleman from
Massachusetts rise to object before that dec-
Jaration ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As soon
as the Chair asked for objections I rose and
addressed the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must then
rule that the fourth and fifth sections are liable
to the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, If the com-
mittee will indulge me for a few moments J
will remind them that a few days since, in the
course of a debate on another subject, I alluded
to the fact that the cost of our public printing
is growing with alarming rapidity, and thai
it was difficult to adopt any method by which
we could effectually limit and regulate tht
