1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8319
dition to require this, there will be no difficulty
in getting ten citizens to apply, and if it will
make the bill more acceptable, I see no objec-
tion, so far as I am concerned, to making it
"ten" instead of "two."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move to
insert the words " of good standing " after the
word " citizens."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee reported
an amendment striking out "circuit" and
inserting " district," and it was not agreed to.
I wish to call the attention of the Senator
from Indiana now to the condition in which
the bill is left. I was a little surprised that
the Senate did not agree to that recommenda-
tion of the committee. It seems to me it
could not have been considered. We have
but one circuit judge in a circuit. Take for
example the southern circuit, of which Judge
Woods is the judge. I think his residence is
in Alabama. That circuit extends from Texas
to Florida. Florida and Texas are both in
the circuit of which Judge Woods is the judge,
who resides somewhere in Alabama. Sup-
pose they want these supervisors in Florida ;
it is utterly impossible to get at the judge in
Alabama. Suppose they want them in Texas.
Take another case in the West, with which the
Senator and I are familiar; take the circuit
that embraces Michigan. The judge of that
circuit resides, I think, at Detroit—Judge
Emmons. Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky, and
Tennessee are all in that judicial circuit. Sup-
pose at an election in Nashville it should be
thought necessary to have supervisors ap-
pointed. Judge Emmons lives in Detroit.
Suppose at an election in Memphis, or some
other large city, to which the law originally
applied, it should be desirable to have two
inspectors or supervisors appointed, you have
to apply to this judge whose home is Detroit,
or if he should happen to be at the time down
in Tennessee holding court at Memphis, then
how could you apply to him for supervisors in
Detroit?
The suggestion which was made by the
present occupant of the chair [Mr. Carpen
ter] that the circuit judge could designate a
district judge to act for him does not fully
meet the case; that is a very limited designa-
tion. I see on looking at the original law
the third section of it provides :
" That whenever, from sickness, injury, or other-
wise, the judge of the circuit court of the united
States in any judicial circuit shall be unable to per-
form and discharge the duties by this act imposed, it
shall be his duty, and he is hereby required, to select
and to direct and assign to the perfuimance thereof,
in his place and stead, such one of the judges of the
district courts of the United States within his cir-
cuit as he shall deem best; and upon such selection
and assignment being made, it shall bo lawful for,
and shall be the duty of the district judge so desig-
nated to perform and discharge, irt t.hft place and
steadof the said circuit judge, alltlieduties, powers,
and obligations imposed and conferred upon the said
circuit judge by the provisions of this act."
So that the Senate will see he can only
designate one district judge. That does not
help it at all. You would not have but one,
then; and it would not make any difference
whether you had the circuit judge to perform
the duties or a district judge, in case of his
sickness or disability to act; it is still one
judge in a region of country extending nearly
a thousand miles in the southern circuit. The
law is utterly inoperative ; you cannot avail
yourself of it. Suppose supervisors were
wanted at Galveston, in Texas, it would not
be known until probably a few days before the
election took place whether there would be
any occasion for these supervisors, and if it
■was supposed there was likely to be trouble
at the election in Galveston, Texas, how in
the world are they going to apply to the circuit
judge to have these persons appointed?
The object of the law is to have a fair elec-
tion. That is the intent of it, of course. The
machinery of it ought to be so arranged as to
enable the people to take the advantage of it.
If it is to serve any good purpose, it seems
to me that it would have been greatly better
to have adopted those amendments of the
committee.
I do not know what answer there is to the
suggestions I have made. I have taken very
little part in reference to the bill; but if the
bill is to pass, it seems to me it should be such
a one as will be practical in its operations,
and such a one as the people can avail them-
selves of; for 1 can readily see, and every
Senator will see that this bill would be almost
nugatory if you confined this power to a single
person in so large a district of country as one
of the judicial circuits of the United States.
It would be impracticable, and I may say it
would be impossible, for ten citizens or two
citizens, whichever it now is, to make this
application to the judge—utterly out of the
question. It would be a bill that you could
not carry out generally throughout the circuits.
Mr. MORTON. The third section of the
law to which this bill is an amendment pro-
vides that—
" "Whenever, from sickness, injury, or otherwise,
the judge of the circuit court of the United States
in any judicial circuit shall be unable to perform,
and discharge the duties by this act imposed, it shall
be his duty, and he is hereby required, to select and
to direct and assign to the performance thereof, in
his place and stead, such one of the judges of the
district courts of the United States, within his oir-
cuit, as he shall deem best."
This provides expressly for the difficulty
suggested by the Senator from Illinois. He,
however, intimates that there may be an ob-
scurity in the construction of this third section;
that the circuit judge can select but one dis-
trict judge to perform his duties in case he is
not able to do so. If there be an obscurity on
that subject I will endeavor to correct it by
offering as an amendment that he shall lie
authorized to appoint one or more district
judges to perform the duties that he is unable
to perform.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the Senator is
preparing that amendment, I would suggest to
him that that would have to be done in ad-
vance ; and as it has to be done in advance,
why would it not be better for the law to fix it
at once, and let the district judges_ do it, be-
cause there will'be no time to do it after the
application is made in such districts as I have
suggested. Clearly the law, as the Senator
sees if he will look at it, confines it to one dis-
trict judge. The circuit judge may merely sub-
stitute a district judge in bis place. I do not
see what possible objection there can be to
adopting the committee's amendment, and why
it would not be better just at once to authorize
each district judge to do this, or each district
judge in the absence of the circuit judge if you
please, so that in case the circuit judge was not
there he could do it. I think it would be bet-
ter to do this than to amend in the way the
Senator proposes. However, I have made all
the suggestions I propose to make in regard
t0 Mr. BOREMAN. These officers, if they
may be so called, are appointed upon recoin
mendation, I apprehend, or will be in most
instances, not upon the personal knowledge
of the judge; and it may be well perhaps to
have a judge as far removed as possible from
the local influences that may operate in regard
to these elections ; and that consideration, no
doubt, had its weight upon the mind of tne
original draftsman of the bill. The circuit
judge is accessible within any reasonable time
preceding the election. I apprehend that in
every case where it will be necessary to have
officers of the character described in this bill,
it will be known in a due time in advance suf-
ficiently so as to get to the circuit judge any-
where within the circuit; so that no detriment
will result from that cause on account of his
distance from the point at which the appoint-
ment of supervisors may be desired.
Mr. CASSERLY. I regret that the Sena-
tor from West Virginia should oppose placing
this power, given in the first section of the bill,
in the hands of the district judges rather than
in those of the circuit judges. He thinks no
inconvenience can arise by reason of the dis-
tance or the difficulty of bringing to the inform-
ation of the circuit judge the qualification
of the parties to be appointed.
The circuit in which 1 live on the Pacific
coast is nine hundred miles long, and a large ,
part of it from six to seven hundred miles
wide. It is simply out of the question to say
that in a circuit of that extent, comprising so
many remote, outlying precincts, the circuit
judge can know anything in the world of the
large number of persons with whom he will
have to deal in the way of appointment. In
the same circuit we have three district judges,
and as it so happens all of theni old residents,
all of them I may say—although I am almost
ashamed to speak of such a tiling—members
of the Administration party. They are really
the persons who are best fitted, from their
knowledge, from their long residence in the
localities in which they live, to deal with the
subject of these appointments. I am quite cer-
tain that in such a circuit as that which we
have on our coast (and I believe there are
others not quite so large, but still large and
extensive in the number of States which they
embrace and in the number of remote precincts
which they include) it will be impracticable
for the circuit judge to exercise these powers
in such a manner as to do justice to the subject
and carry out the design of the law. I really
think that imposing this function on him is
practically to defeat the very proper words
previously inserted, "ten persons of good
standing." To call upon the circuit judges,
in addition to all their other business, to ex-
amine into the qualifications of so many per-
sons as there must be in a circuit of the size
of ours before making the appointments, will
result in three fourths of the cases in the ap-
pointments being made without any reliable
information whatever. It is an embarrassment
really to which we ought not to subject the
circuit judge.
Mr. BOREMAN. The Senator probably
did not hear the suggestion I made, that in
most instances these persons would be ap-
pointed on the recommendation of others;
not on personal knowledge even by the dis-
trict judge if he were vested with the power.
Mr. CASSERLY. What knowledge will
the circuit judge have of those who recom-
mend? He will not have afty. I know that
in our circuit it is simply inadmissible to say
that the circuit judge can discharge the func-
tion imposed upon him with any intelligence
whatever in a large number of cases; and
what will happen? The thing will happen
which it is alleged happened in New York—
most unfit and ill many cases most disgrace-
ful persons will be imposed upon the circuit
judge. I am sure that is not the purpose of
this bill, nor the object of any Senator. It
seems to me there is no way to avoid that, and
to allow the appointing power to act intel-
ligently, and, therefore, fitly in this matter,
except by leaving the appointment to the
district judges.
Mr. MORTON. In order to meet the objec-
tion raised by the Senator fom Illinois and the
Senator from California, and to remove any
obscurity in the third section of the law of
1871, I offer the following amendment as an
additional section to this bill:
That the third section of the act to which this is
an amendment be so amended as to authorize each
judge of the circuit court of the United btate? to
appoint one or more of the judges of the district
courts of the United States within his circuit to dis-
charge the duties contemplated by this act auu tne
one to which it is an amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That still
does not obviate the difficulty, in my judg-
ment. The honorable Senator from West Vir-
ginia and myself live in the same judicial cir-
