1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5?9
42d Cons. ...2d Sess.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Haynard.
Ho. of Reps,
of them have been members of the Legislature; they
are well-known men in those counties—men who
haye been in prominent positions.
" Question. Bid they give you the numbers or the
names merely V
"Answer. Well, they gave me the names in anura-
berof instances; in other instances they gave just
the number. In some instances they would specify
particular cases by name. In Alachua I think all
the names were given; in several other counties
a number of names were given ; in other counties
only the number of cases.
" Question. Did they give you the names in the
county of Jackson?
"Answer. No, sir; they did not give the names.
If you will observe, in that lotter of Mr. Dicidnson,
he speaks of seventy-five men killed, buthe does not
give me the names even of those two men who were
at that time wounded, and who, he says in a post-
script, had died.
" Question. Thisinformation isfrom private sources
by letter to you?
"'Answer. Yes, sir; though some of the men are
public men.
" Question. You say these murders have occurred
since reconstruction, from 1868 to 1871?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I am very certain that I went
under rather than over the mark.
" Question. That is your opinion?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
This testimony is abundantly corroborated
by other witnesses. B. P. Tidwell, a native
of Georgia, county judge of Madison county,
Florida, deposes, page 114, Florida testimony ;
" Question. Have you in your county any organ-
ization that is commonly spoken of as Ku Klux?
" Answer. I believe there are some there.
" Question. What induces you to so believe?
" Answer. From tho sworn testimony of persons
whom I believe to be true in their statements.
" Question. Under what circumstances was that
testimony given ?
"Answer. Generallyinholdinginquisitions. Ihave
acted as justice ot the peace of that county, and have
taken down the evidence when holding inquisitions
over the dead bodies of persons who had been mur-
dered.
44Question. How many inquests do you suppose you
have known to be holden in that county within the
last two or three years?
"Answer. I think some twenty or twenty-five that
I know of my own knowledge; possibly more. I am
satisfied that there have been over twenty.
"Question. That number of homicides ?
"Answer. We call them murders.
"Question. In the county of Madison?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Within how many years ?
"Answer. Within the past three years.
"Question. Have these murders been of white or
colored persons?
"Answer. There have been a few white, but they
are generally colored.
"Quehtion. What did the inquepts generally dis-
close us to the character of the homicides—how they
were perpetrated?
"Answer. By a party of men not known, armed
with guns and pistoK who would go in upon a man
in his house where he was asleep.
"Question. In the night?
"Ansiccr. Yfis, sir.
"Question. Would they be in disguise?
"Answer, Yes, sir.
"Question. Were these acta confined to any one
part, of the county ?
"Ansioer. No, sir."
Mutilations and gross indecencies : Known to
the common law is a class of offenses declared
unfit to be named among Christians. The evi-
dence taken by the sub-committee discloses
crimes which would scandalize savages, crimes
which it is inconceivable how men born of
woman could commit. Not only is manhood
violated, but the other sex is attacked with the
grossest indignities, eveu to what Mr. Burke
has felicitously called the seat of life. I can
neither offend the ears of this assembly nor
disfigure the printed report of my remarks by
reproducing from the volumes of evidence the
revolting narratives. They will be found by
the curious in the testimony of Henry Lowther,
pagfs 357, 3G0. of \Villiam H. Stallings,
page 3120; and of Caroline Benson, page 387.
War has been waged npon humanity itself,
invading even those delicate and retired ele-
ments spared by the lowest and the vilest as
too sacred for profanation. Modesty, the one
attribute of the race supposed never to be want-
ing, was no protection to youth or sex.
CONDEMNATION BY REVKRDY JOHNSON.
In consequence of investigations by this com-
mittee the organization was exposed-in South
Carolina and its work of horror promptly
arrested by a suspension of the privilege of
the writ of habeas corpus in those parts of the
State where the atrocities had been most fre-
quent. The accused were arraigned before
the circuit court of the United States at Colum-
bia, in December last. Funds were contributed
to employ in defense the venerable lieverdy
Johnson and Mr. Henry Stanbery, the laie
Attorney General. The former, in his address
to the jury, uses this emphatic language:
"I have listened with unmixed hon or to some of
the testimony which has been brought before yon.
The outrages proved are shocking to humanity;
they admit of neither cxcuso nor justification; they
violate every obligation whioh law and nature im-
pose upon men; they show that the parties engaged
were brutes, insensible to tho obligations of human-
ity and religion. The day will come, however, if it
has not already arrived, when they will deeply la-
ment it. Even if justice shall not overtake them,
there is one tribunal troin which there is no hope.
It is their own judgment—that tribunal which sits in
the breast of every living man, that small, still voice
that thrills through the heart—tho soul of the mind,
and as it speaks, gives happiness or torture—tho
voice of conscience, the voice ot God. If it has not.
already spoken to them in tones whioh have startled
them to the enormity of their conduct, I trust, in
tho inoroy of Heaven, that that voice will speak be-
fore they shall be called above to account for the
transactions of this world. That it will so speak as
to make them penitent, and that trusting in tho dis-
pensation ot Heaven, whose judgment, is dispensed
with mercy, when they shall bo brought before the
bar of their great tribunal, so to speak, that incom-
prehensible tribunal, there will be found in tho fact
of their penitence, or in their previous lives, some
grounds upon which (xod may s.iy pardon."—Xjx-vo/i
ot Jrloa. lieverdy Johnson, in Ku Klux trial*, Decem-
ber 18.
NO REDRESS BY STATE AUTHORITY.
For these countless crimes, which' I have,
after all, done little more than hint, at, there has
been practically no redress by State or local au-
thority. Very rarely has any inquiry been
made, for whipping, burning of churches and
school-houses, and sending threatening mis-
sives, never. The few investigations, if in earn-
est, were generally fruitless. The guilty par-
ties, if ariested, were in most cases rescued from
custody by their confederates; or if brought
to trial were successfully defended by the
never-failing alibi. In fact, a more absolute
impunity could not have been. What ever there
was of law, and there were courts enough and
judicial proceedings, served only to deter
and prevent the victims from avenging their
wrongs by their own hands. Large rewards
were offered in vain, sincc grand juries made
them a pretext for disregarding their oaths
lest the conviction of the offenders would
become a burden to the tax-payers.
It is not intended, I hope, by asserting, as
is frequently done, that judges are the ap-
pointees of Governor Bullock, or some other
Republican Governor, to create the impres-
sion that they too are Republicans. For every
member of the sub committee knows such not
to be the fact. In Geotgia, Judges Twiggs,
Wright, and Cole, examined as witnesses,
the latter two by the minority, are all
Democrats, and yet appointed by Governor
Bullock. Judge Long, of Florida, also exam-
ined by the minority, is an amnestied rebel
and not in sympathy with the State govern
ment. The truth is that the much-belied
"carpet-bag" governments took unwearied
pains to conciliate opposition, both by official
appointments and by special legislation, to
find in almost every instance that they had
simply put weapons into the hands of their
enemies. How much encouragement the Ku
Klux victims would derive from some of these
tribunals may be imagined after reading a
few passages from Judge Long, (Florida testi-
mony, pages 217, 218;)
"Question. You have received information from
Jackson county ?
"Annwcr. Ihave.
Question. From whom?
"Answer, From different gentlemen. My brother
resides there." * * * . * * * **
"Question. IIow many homicides have been com-
mitted there since the war?
"Answer. A great many.
Quest ion. Have there not been nearly a hun-
dred ?
"Answer. I have heard that there have been a
great many; I cannot say how many."
* * * . . . *** 
■' Question. Is it not very strange that for all these
homicides there nobody has been punished?
" Answer. It is very strange and very wrong.
" Question. How do you acoount for it?
" Answer. I do not know how to account for it."
•BR*#*:****,!:
" Question. What was tho last oourt you held in
Duval county?
" Answer. I held oourt here iu May, June, and
July; nine weeks, T think.
" Question. When did your term begin?
"Answer. The jury was drawn wrong at the first
term and had to bo drawu over again.
" Question. How many criminal oases did you have
on your own docket? . - -
" Answer. I do not know.
'* Question. You do not know the state of your own
docket?
"Answer. We did not begin to get through it.
' Question, llow many criminal oases on it ?
'Answer. X think five murder oases; I did not
pay any attention to tho others.
" Question. How many criminal cases were tried?
' Answer. No murder oases, but a number of Other
oasos were disposed of." * * * * * .
"Question. You know but little about crimes in
this country until they aro brought before you for
triai ?
"Answer. I hoar of them.
" Question. I uudorstand you cannot tell how-
many criminal cases aro on your docket in this
county ?
Answer. I do not know now; I can find out."
It is no more than justice, however, to Judge
Wright, to quote a single passage from his evi-
dence, page 472;
" When I ascended the judicial office, I laid aside
my politics and acted but as thu judge."
DEFENSES, JUSTIFICATIONS, EXCUSES, APOLOGIES.
The friends and advocates of the Ku Klux,
both in Congress and out, have not been silent.
The minority report, by actual count, is three
times the length of the committee's report.
Speeches: Many have been made in both
Houses, to say nothing of the entire Democratic
press of the country, and that portion of the
Republican press " liberal " to everybody and
everything except the Republican party and the
President of the United States. One of those
speeches, made by a member of the minority
of the sub-committee, [Mr. Bayard.] has not
yet been reported.* This appears to  have
been the supplement to the minority report,
and is the most labored effort in behalf of the
Ku Klux. The whole may be resolved lander
the heads defenses, justiiications, excuses,
apologies. I cannot, within the limits of a
siugle speech, dwell at any great length upon
them.
Defenses: The first plea put in was the gen-
eral issue not guilty, a flat and persistent
denial both of the Ku Klux organization and
of the outrages ascribed to it. This for a long
time prevailed so effectually as to create a
general belief both South and North that the
whole was a false clamor by worthless carpet-
baggers for political effect. The official report
of General George II. Thomas, submitted to
Congress in December, 1868, and printed with
the executive documents, gave a detailed
account of their operations in Tennessee and
Kentucky. Yet the character of that distin-
guished commander was not sufficient to over-
come popular incredulity, and the assertion
has been reiterated that there are no Ku Klux
in the State.f No less a personage than M,r. B.
* It appeared in the daily Globe of June 7, and
litis twenty-four columns.
fin refutation of a similar assertion re<pecfinf*
Virginia is the cfidenoc ot Joseph John Williams,
who testifies that lie was thecentral chid 01 tliu older
in Florida. It w.is culled the Youug Mwi'a Demo-
cratic Club, and itschaiaeter appears trmn iib con-
stitution, page 157 Florida testimony, and from one
of its oaths thus described, pase 150:
" Question. Did you ever have the oaths given to
you?
"Answer. Of the secret service?
" Question. Yes.
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Can you repeat the oath?
"Answer. I cannot repeat it exactly; it has been
