1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
152?
imperative necessity, as Trumbull. When, in
the winter of 1778, the American Army was
stationed al Valley Forge, three thousand
soldiers wore reported as unfit for duty by
reason of being destitute of shoes, clothing,
and food. Blankets were rare, and the cattle
around had become so much exhausted that
there was danger of breaking up the camp by
famine. Under these embarrassments and
distresses the Commander-in-Chief wrote Gov-
ernor Trumbull and said:
"I entreat you in the most earnest terms, and by
that zeal which has ever distinguished your char-
acter in the present arduous struggle, to give every
countenance to the persons employed in the pur-
chasing line in your State, and to urge them to the
most vigorous efforts to forward supplies of cattle
from time to time, and thereby prevent such a mel-
ancholy and alarming catastrophe as the breaking
up of the camp/'
The Governor assembled his council at once
and laid before them this communication and
urged immediate action, lest the Army should
disband and all be lost. But there was res-
olution and action. Colonel Henry Cham-
pion, State commissary, had previously been
specially appointed to procure all the fat
cattle in the State for such use, and was ready
to start at once, commencing with his own
herd, which was augmented in almost every
town through which it passed, until it finally
reached and saved the impoverished Army.
Other droves followed, and the threatened
evil was averted.
He also gave such counsel to the people
that they produced flour, grain, and other
commissary supplies to such an extent as to
secure to the State the honorable distinction
of being called the "provision State." They
were also induced by him to manufacture
clothing, camp equipage, arms, powder, and
other munitions of war, and.met with prompt-
ness such requisitions as were made by the
Commander-in-Chief.
Nor did the Governor manifest less ability
and influence in recruiting men. To him we
are indebted for the historic fact that Connec-
ticut, one of the three smallest States, fur-
nished more men for the different military cam-
paigns during the Revolution than any other
State except Massachusetts.
No man was more diligent in business than
he ; it was a passion with him. He allowed
no leisure hours. His correspondence with
officials in our own country and with distin-
guished scholars and statesmen abroad was
very extensive, and occupied much of his time.
In addition to this and other public duties, he
was the chief naval officer of Connecticut when
she had a navy, the building of which he
superintended. He commissioned the officers,
and issued orders respecting their duties. He
received in one year, as the results of their
cruising, vessels and cargoes which were valued
at £200,000. He attended to the manufacture
of powder, to the smelting of lead, to the
repairs of muskets, and the casting of cannon.
To his direction the whole system of finances
for the State were also committed. The meas-
ure which he advocated was to " tax and pay
as we go," and although pecuniary burdens
were heavy, yet he urged this duty with an
earnestness that led Connecticut to raise in the
year 1778 the sum of $600,000 to carry on the
war. The friendship which existed between
General Washington and Governor Trumbull
was intimate and only once interrupted, to be
more strongly cemented by a just recognition
of the position and authority of each. While
the Commander-in Chief was at Cambridge
new levies of troops had been raised to aug-
ment his army. The Governor sent forward
two companies at once, ordered two regiments
to join the army with all reasonable expedi-
tion, and detained some for the defense of the
coast. He wrote General Washington and
stated that their detention was absolutely ne-
cessary. To this Washington made no reply,
but issued a peremptory order for the new
levies to march immediately to his camp. The
Governor was touched by this neglect, and with
great dignity wrote:
"I am surprised that mine of date has not been
received or was not judged worthy of notice, as no
mention is made of it."
But when Washington, conscious of his mis-
mista,ke, replied "That nothing on his part
was intended that might be construed into
disrespect," the wound was healed, and the
two great men were more closely allied as
patriots and friends than ever.
Trumbull was in council witli Washington
and Itochambeau when it was determined to
use the French fleet to blockade York river
and cut off all communications with Corn-
wallis's army from the sea, a plan the wisdom
of which was manifest in the early surrender
of that officer with his army to the Commander-
in-Chief of our Army. It was a distinguished
honor that he had the confidence and enjoyed
the friendship of Washington. He was his
most frequent and wisest counselor. He was
his own ''brother Jonathan."
Sparks says:.
"Washington relied on hitn as one of his main
pillars of support, and that he was always foremost
in. vigorous action, as well as in zeal and public
spirit/'
Bancroft
" He was a perfect model of a rural magistrate,
never weary in business, profoundly religious, grave
in his manner, calm and discriminating in his judg-
ment, fixed in his principles, steadfast in purpose,
and by his ability claiming universal respect, and
the unfailing confidence of the freemen of his col-
ony."
I add that in hours of thick darkness, when
dangers were greatest, when the cause of the
colonies appeared the most hopeless, there was
no want of faith in final success,_ no faltering
in the heart of Trumbull, and no relaxation
of efforts.
For gjod fense and sound judgment, for the
clearness of his convictions, for firmness of
purpose, for executive ability, and for far-
reaching statesmanship, he was the peer of
Washington, and had no superior in that age.
To crown all, he was a Christian statesman;
and when he died all the people wept and made
inquiry as David made on the death of Abner:
'' Know ye not that there is a prince and a great
man fallen this day in Israel?" I have often
visited the resting-place of his body, now lying
in his native town in the same tomb with the
remains of one of the signers of the Declara-
tion of Independence ; with a member of the
Continental Congress, who was also the first
commissary of the American Army; with a
deputy commissary of the same Army, and
with the first paymaster in the northern depart-
ment of that Army, who was also the Speaker
of the House of Representatives of the Second
Congress, a member of this Senate, and for
eleven years the chief magistrate of Connec-
ticut.
The statues were executed in Rome by C.
B. Ives, a Connecticut artist of skill and high
reputation. He has done his work well. The
Governor is represented, after more than fifty
years spent in the public service, as delivering
his last message to the General Assembly of
the State, in which, contrary to the wishes of
the entire people, whose respect, he had secured
and whose confidence he had never betrayed,
he expressed a^incere desire that the choicest
blessings might rest upon his country, and
declined further public service.
The statue is intended to represent this great
and good man ; not that the sculptor's chisel
can delineate the qualities of mind and heart
which inspired his life, but it can remind the
observer of one whose life was made illustrious
by distinguished services rendered in the day
which ushered this nation into being, and I am
not permitted to doubt that when in centuries
yet to come the observer shall search history
to learn the character of him whom it repre-
sents, it will be found that the light which
shines from his life will reach as far, and be as
clear, brilliant, instructive, and beneficial as
that which will shine from any of the galaxy
of distinguished men who will be represented
in our national gallery.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, in compliance with the invitation of Con-
gress the people of the State of Connecticut
pre.ant to the people of the United States
the statues of Jonathan Trumbull and Roger
Sherman. They are to stand in the Capitol,
among the marble effigies of the wise and good
men whose names illustrate the annals of the
Republic.
Precedent, which so soon acquires the force
of custom, has established the propriety of a
formal presentation of these memorials of our
heroic age by the Representatives of the State
in the two Houses of Congress. Such a pre-
sentation involves an attempt to sketch the
lives and characters of the men who are thus
made the immediate objects of contemplation.
My colleague has spoken in appropriate terms
of Governor Trumbull. Upon me is imposed
the grateful duty of calling up to your mental
conceptions the image of Mr. Sherman. A
dry enumeration of his public services would
fail of accomplishing this purpose. We must
evoke out of the past, as truly as we can, the
man as he was, in habits of thought, concep
tions of duty, moral and intellectual character-
istics, human relations, and divine faith, and
having thus caught his idea, we shall have the
key to his outward action in all the circum-
stances of his career. It is somewhat difficult
to do this, for the formative portion of his life
was spent in obscurity, and it is a hundred and
i fifty years since he was born, and nearly eighty
since he died, while it is harder iu America
than anywhere else to realize a century ago.
Roger Sherman was born at Newton, then
written " Newtown," in the colony of Massa-
chusetts, on the 19th day of April, 1721. I do
not care to narrate his lineage, though it is
easily traced. His ancestors, both paternal
and maternal, were reputable people, and for
three generations, certainly, next preceding hi:
birth, were of the Puritan stock and faith.
His father owned and cultivated a small farm,
his only estate, from which he wrung a nar-
row support by his own toil. His mother per-
formed the household labor, with no other
help than that supplied by her children. In •
process of time four sons and as many daugh-
ters were gathered under their roof. Three
of these were older and four younger than
Roger. The community and the family were
both of the typical New England character of
that day. Newton was, as yet, a purely agri-
cultural town, composed of a few farm-houses
scattered over a narrow territory, which lay
folded up, as it were, in a bend of the Charles
river, a few miles from Boston. The inhab-
itants lived in frame houses, small, unpainted,
browned by sun and storm, and what we should
call uncomfortable. Their lives were passed
in ever-recurring daily labor, but they found
time to build the meeting-house and the school-
house, that their children might obtain at least
the rudiments of knowledge, and that all
might worship God. I find that during the
whole period of Roger Sherman's abode there
the minister who occupied the Newton pulpit,
and whose preaching was the explication
afforded to the growing youth of the mystery
of life, was Rev. John Cotton, great-grand-
son of the famous Boston minister of that
name, whose faith and zeal seem to have been
transmitted unimpaired to his descendant. In
an age of luxury and sentimentalism, the ortho-
doxy of that day looks somewhat'grim and
hard, but it made men who kuew how to live
and die for duty, and so Were fitted for the
work they had to do.
The home life of the Shermans at New-
ton must have been peculiarly intimate and
tender. All memorials of it, such as could
be gathered from anecdotes or correspondence,
are indeed iost: but there are circumstances
which indicate its character. The gathering
