1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2423
sation, not only to individuals and parties injured,
but also to the tribe for the right of way, all damage
and injuiy done to be ascertained and determined
in such manner as the President of the United States
shall direct, and the right of way granted by either
ot said tribes for any railroad shall be perpetual, or
for such shorter term as the same may bo granted,
in the same manner as if there were no reversions of
their lands to the United States provided for in ease
of abandonment by them or of extermination of
their tribe."
By the provisions of the fifth article of the
treaty of Washington, of June 14, 1866, with
the Creeks, it is provided that—
"The Creek nation hereby grant a right of way
through their lands to the Choctaw and Chickasaw
country to any com.pany which shall be duly author-
ized by Congress, and shall, with the express con-
sent and approbation of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, undertake to construct a railroad from any
point north to any point in or south of the Creek
country, and likewise from any point on their east-
ern to their western or southern boundary; but said
railroad company, together with all its agents and
employSs, shall be subject to the laws of the United
States relating to intercourse with Indian tribes."
&c.
By the eleventh article of the treaty of
Washington, of July 19, 1866, with thcChero-
kees. it is provided that—
" The Cherokee?; hereby grant a right of way, not
exceeding two hundred feet wide, except at stations,
switches, water-stations, or crossings of rivers, where
more may be indispensable to the full enjoyment of
the franchise herein granted, and then only two
hundred additional feet shall be taken, and only for
such length as may be absolutely necessary through
all their lands, to any company or corporation which
shall be duly authorized by Congress to construct a
railroad from any point north to any point south,
and from any point east to any point west, and
which may pass through the Cherokee nation."
Then follows the proviso restricting the par-
ties constructing or running such road to the
jurisdiction of the Indian intercourse laws of
Congress. Thus it will be seen that no barrier
to this branch of civilized enterprise is pro-
posed by these tribes. They have freely and
without cost granted rights of way to railroads
north and south, east and west, through their
countries respectively. But not satisfied with
this liberal grant these railroad projectors pro-
pose now to seize the entire Indian country to
the use of the corporations that are there only
on the charity of these people.
SLAVERY ABOLISHED.
By the second article of the treaty made at
"Washington, April 28, 1860, with the Choctaws
and Chickasaws, it is provided that—
" The Choctaws and Chickasaws hereby covenant
and agree that henceforth neither slavery nor invol-
untary servitude, otherwise than in the punishment
of crime whereof the parties shall have been duly
convicted in accordance with the laws applicable
to all members of the particular nation, shall ever
exist m said nation/'
By the second article of the treaty of Wash-
ington, of March 21,1866, with the Seminoles,
it is ptovided that—
" The Seminole nation covenants that henceforth
in ?aid nation slavery shall not exist, nor invol-
untary servitude, except for and in punishment of,
crime, whereof the offending party shall first have
been duly convicted in accordance with laws, appli-
cable to all themembers of said nation."
And the Cherokees have made their former
slaves members of their tribe, with full and
equal rights in common with them in all their
property.
Hie first clause of the treaty with the Creeks
made at Washington, June 14, 1866, provides
th«t—
" The Creeks hereby covenant and agree # that
henceforth neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
otherwise than in the punishment of crimes whereof
t lie parties shall have been duly convicted in accord-
ance with laws applicable to all members oi said
tribe, shall ever exist in said nation/'
The Creeks have adopted their former staves
into their tribe with equal rights of person and
property.
The ninth article of the treaty of Washing-
ton. of July 19, 1866, with the Cherokees,
stipulates that—
" The Cherokee nation having voluntarily in Feb-
ruary. 1863. bv an act of their national council, for-
evu abolished slavery, hereby covenant and agree
th>t never hereafter shall either slavery or invol-
untary servitude exist m their nation otherwise than
m the" punishment ot crime whereof the parties nave
dulv -ouvi'-ted in accordance with law^ appli-
cable to the mchibei? of a aid tribe alike.
The Cherokee nation of Indians abolished
slavery^ before we did in the United States.
They did it of their own volition by an act of
their own council, and made them citizens.
PROVISIONS FOR FORMER SLAVES.
By the third article of the treaty of Wash-
ington with the Choctaws and Chickasaws it
is provided that they will—
"Give to all persons of African descent, resident
in the said nations at the date of the treaty of Fort
Smith , and their descendants, heretofore held
in slavery among said nations, all the rights, priv-
ileges, and immunities, including the right of suf-
frage, of citizens of said nations, except in the
annuities, moneys, and public domain claimed by or
belonging to said nations respectively; and also to
give to such persons, who were residents as afore-
said, and their descendants, forty acres each of the
lands of said nations on the same terms as the Choc-
taws and Chickasaws."
And by the fourth article of this same treaty
it is provided that—-
"The said nations further agree that <ill negroes,
not otherwise disqualified or disabled, shall be com-
petent witnesses in all civil and criminal suits and
proceedings m the Choctaw and Chickasaw courts,
any law to the contrary notwithstanding; and they
fully recognize the right of the freedmen to a fair
remuneration, or reasonable and equitable contracts
for their labor, which the law should tumble them to
enforce. Andthey agree on thepartof their respect-
ive nations, that all laws shall be equal in their oper-
ations upon Choctaws, Chickasaws, and negroes, and
that no distinction affecting the latter shall at any
time be made, and that they shall be treated with
kindness and be protected from injury."
It also provides that said freedmen shall
have privileges of farming while they remain
among the tribes, and to an equal distributive
share of $300,000 set apart especially for the
freedmen by the Choctaws and Chickasaws.
Our white Christian people could have learned
charitable lessons from these Indians in the
same direction.
By the fourth article of the treaty of Wash-
ington, of July 19, 1866, with the Cherokees,
it is provided that—
"All the Cherokees and freed persons who were
formerly slaves to any Cherokee, and all free negroes
not having been such slaves who resided in the
Cherokee nation prior to June 1, 1861, who may
within two years elect not to reside northeast of the
Arkansas river and southeast of Grand river, shall
have the right to settle in and occupy the Canadian
district southwest of the Arkansas river, and also
all that tract of country lying northwest of Grand
river, and bounded on the southeast by Grand river,
and west by the Creek reservation to the northeast
corner thereof," >.*>."• " as
elude a quantity of land equal to one hundred and
sixty acres for each person who may so elect to reside
in the territory above described in this article."
Tbis is up to the fullest grants the United
States has ever made to one of itsown citizens.
It is, in article two of the treaty of Wash-
ington of the 14th June, 1866, with the Creeks,
agreed that—
"Inasmuch as there are among the Creeks many
persons of African descent who have no interest in
the soil, it is stipulated thathereatter these persons,
lawfully residing in said Creek country under their
laws and usages, or who have been thus residing in
said country, and may return within one year from
the ratification of this treaty, and their descendants,
and such others of the same race as may be permitted
by the laws of the said nation to settle within the
limits of the jurisdiction of the Creek nation as cit-
izens, [thereof.j shall have and enjoy all the rights
and privileges of native citizens, including an equal
interest in the soil and national funds, and the laws
of the said nation shall be equally binding upon and
give equal protection to all such persons, and all
others," of whatsoever race or color, who may be
adopted as citizens or members of said tribe."
By the second article of the treaty of Wash-
ington, of March 21, 1866, with the Seminoles,
it is agreed that—
"Inasmuch as there are among the Seminoles
many persons of African descent and blood, who
have no interest or property in the soil, and no rec-
ognized civil rights, it is stipulated'that hereafter
these persons and their descendants, and such other
of the same race as shall be permitted by said
nation to settle there, shall have and enjoy ail the
rights of native citizens, and the laws of said nation
shall be equally binding upon all persons, of what-
ever race or color, who may be adopted ascUizens or
members of said tribe/'
These five tribes constitute all the Indians
residing in that territory who held slaves
therein, and hence all with whom treaty pro-
visions were made on that subject. Their lib
erality has done honor to their names, and
a comparison with our
they lose nothing in
Christian charity.
RELIGIOUS AND EDUCATIONAL INTERESTS.
I now call attention to a provision of the
treaty of April 28, 1866, with the Choctaws
and Chickasaws, which proves a state of pub-
lic and educational spirit not surpassed by
any people on the continent. " The fourteenth
article of that treaty is in these words—
"At the expiration of the ninety days aforesaid
the legislative authorities of the said nations re-
spectively shall have the right to select one quarter
section of land in each of the counties of said nation
respectively, in trust for the establishment of seats
of justice therein, and also for as many quarter sec-
tions as the said legislative councils may deem
proper for the permanent endowment of schools,
seminaries, and colleges in said nation: Provided,
Such selections shall not embrace or interfere with
any improvement in the actual occupation of any
member of the particular nation without his con-
sent : And provided, The proceeds ofsale of the quar-
ter sections selected for seats of justice shall be ap-
propriated for the erection or improvement of pub-
lic buildings in the county in which itis located/'
Article twenty-one of the same treaty pro-
vides that—
"In every township the sections of land num-
bered sixteen and thirty-six shall be reserved tor
the support of isuhools in said township: Provided,
That if the same has been already occupied by,a
party or parties having the right to select it, or it
shall be so sterile as to be unavailable, the legis-
lative authorities of the particular nations shall
have the right to select such other unoccupied sec-
tions as they may think proper."
The fifteenth article of the treaty of Wash-
ington with the Creeks, made June 14, 1866,
provides that—
"A quantity of land not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres, to be selected according to legal
subdivision in one body, and to include their im-
provements, is hereby granted to every religious
society or denomination which has erected, or which,
with the assent of the Indians, may hereafter erect
buildings within the Cre^k country for missionary
or educational purposes/5 &c.
It is provided in the fourteenth article of
the treaty of Washington with the Cherokees
that—
"The right to the use and occupancy of a quantity
of land, not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres,
to be selected according to legal subdivision in one
body, and to include their improvements and not
including the improvements of any member of the
Cherokee nation, is hereby granted to every society
or denomination which has erected, or which, with
the consent of the national council, may hereafter
erect buildings within the Cherokee country for
missionary or educational purposes/'
These people have schools and colleges,
and teach the English language in them. The
English is the language of the people; their
laws and records are all kept and printed in
English. Many of them are well educated, and
all are making as rapid progress toward
thoroughly civilized habits as any people could,
and more than they will in the future if the
nation's faith with them is broken and their
homes exposed to the greed of speculators.
WHITES MARRYING INDIANS.
These Indians have with much liberality per-
mitted white men to marry into their tribes,
thus proving that they were not averse to our
race, religion, or habits, and have provided
by various treaties for the welfare of such per-
sons.
By the thirty-eighth article of the treaty of
Washington with the Choctaws and Chick-
asaws, April 28, I860, it is generously pro-
vided that—
"Every white person who, having married a
Choctaw or Chickasaw, resides in the said Choctaw
or Chickasaw nation, orwho has been adopted by the
legislative authorities, is to bo deemed a member
oi said nation, and shall be subject to the laws of
the Choctaw andChickasawnations, according to nis
domicile, and to prosecution and trial before their
tribunals, and to punishment according to their
laws in all respects as though he was a native Choc-
taw or Chickasaw."
COURTS AND SURRENDER OF CRIMINALS.
As another evidence of the progress of these
people in civil government, itis especially pro-
vided in tbeir treaties with the United Slates
that criminals against the laws of the United
States seeking refuge in their country shall be
surrendered to the authorities of our Govern-
ment. The forty-tecoud article of the treaty
