682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
ture to say that of that whole amount Con-
gress does not order or sanction one half. I
doubtif it will reach half of the whole amount.
The rest is made, up because some bureau man
or some officer of the Government writes some-
thing or gets up something which he' thinks
ought to be printed, and would like to have
well printed and bound in gilt covers. He
goes to the head of his Department, and the
latter turns to the law and finds that the law
authorizes him to publish it; and without
much examination the printing is done, and
this sort of work costs the Government a mil-
lion or a million and a quarter of dollars annu-
ally. We find here in this book of estimates
paper required such as Congress never sees in
any book it orders printed, super-calendered,
fifty-eight pound paper, and an immense quan-
tity of gilt foil, and all the curious and choice
articles which are used in the most refined
binding, and tbe printing is done upon the
most costly paper. Everything is done in a
style that a lady is proud to see upon her best,
books upon.her parlor table.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Who is re-
sponsible for this? Is not the Public Printer?
Mr. SARGENT. 1 do not think the Public
Printer is responsible.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Whochooses
the paper?
Mr. SARGENT. The Public Printer, of
course, is compelled to follow his orders in
reference to the printing and binding.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 think he
is much to blame for not bringing the matter
before the Committee on Public Printing.
Mr. SARGENT. These matters are well
known to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then they
are to blame.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman himself
has received a copy of this work.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. No, I have
not.
Mr. SARGENT. Then there is one waiting
for him in the document room, and it is only
by accident that, he bus not received it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would only
say that my house is so full of public docu-
ments that I do not kuow what I should do
with any more.
Mr. SARGENT. I am not. attacking indi-
viduals, but the system. This matter was one
of anxious study by the Committer on Appro-
priations of the last. Congress. We tried to
break up this system and to lop otF these
enormous appropriations in the last Congress,
but could not find out, what was best t,o be
done; but finally, 011 full consultation, we
have traced the mischief to tins source: the
loose, irresponsible manner 111 which printing
and binding are ordered by the departments of
the Government,, which pile up these enormous
expenses for gilt-edged and 01 her printing.
By the adoption of this amendment we can
effect a great reform, if proper estimates
wete required from the different offices, and
the Secretary of the Treasury found that there
was estimated for printing for the War Depart-
ment $250,000 annually, he and the Secre-
tary of War would be very apt to inquire
before submitting that estimate to Congress
how the money was to be expended. You
will then find that, four fifths of the expenses
will be lopped off, and there will be a respons
ibility which can be had in 110 other way.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment by striking out tbe last word
of the section.
Mr. Chairman, I am as earnest as any mem-
ber of this House cau be to join with all others
in every measure of economy and retrench-
ment in the expenditures of this Government.
I believe my course in the House since I have
been here warrants me in saying that. But I
have also had occasion before this to notice that
after Congress by a law of the land has ordered
important investigations, important explora-
tions, important surveys, which it is claimed
would develop the condition of our vast coun-
try and bring to the notice of our citizens, to
the notice of scientific men, and to the notice
of the world, the vast wealth of these United
States, not only of this parallel of latitude but
of every parallel of latitude, when the time
comes when the results should be presented in
a printed form, at the end of some appro-
priation bill we are met with a proposition
which will sink all the labor of the past, and
which will prevent the publication of the re-
sults of long, arduous, and tedious labor, and
their presentation to the people.
Now, it is to that I object; it is to this mode
of bringing retrenchment forward. Why was
this exploration ordered; why has the labor
of a corps of engineers, geologists, and artists
been employed under a law of the land for
months and years, if at the very time when
the results of their explorations are to be
made public, and are to be rendered useful to
the country, the Committee on Appropriations
are to bring forward a measure of retrench-
ment in such form as to excite ridicule? Sir,
the fault lies further back. The exploration
should not have been ordered in this ease
and in several others, if, the moment the labor
is performed and the information about to bo
submitted, gentlemen may_ ridicule the whole
subject from the consideration of Congress and
sink it into oblivion. I r.ubmit that it is the
duty of those who have charge of such matters
as these to prepare our laws beforehand.
Why, Mr. Chairman, we have already appro-
priated ยง100,000 to send some poor shivering
explorer through the icy polar regions to find
an open polar sea, and to tell the world whether
the whales and the porpoises disport them-
selves in open sunny waters around the north
pole. And the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations [Mr. Garfield] makes no
objection to that; the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] makes no objection to it.
But when those who desire in some manner the
information contained in this report to be
spread before the people that they may learn
something about our country, then with a dash
of my friend's pen you would take all this
information from the people.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment.?
Mr. CONGER. 1 cannot; I have but a
minute.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not think you can
afford to. after that statement.
Mr. CONGER. In regard to these maps
of the mines of California and Oregon, with
all their depths and their profundity and their
glitter of gold, they are so familiar to the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent] that lie
thinks the rest of the world must know as
much about them as he does. It is his failing,
as it is the failing of my friend from New Yorti
[Mr. Cox] to believe, with their great inform-
ation upon all these subjects, that everybody
ought to be well informed and therefore nobody
needs any more information.
Now, if J have been successful in calling the
attention of this Committee of the Whole to
the fact that, if there is a wrong here, it wilt be
seen that it exists in ordering these explora-
tions, in ordering these surveys, in attempting
to show the people of the United States and
of the world what a vast country we have, and
what treasures there are above the surface and
below the surface. Even if Mr. King did not
go below the surface to find out those things,
if it is an object to bring them to the knowl-
edge of the people, then it is worth while that
in some way that information should be pub-
lished.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I do not understand that an
objection to this enormous outlay in this form
is an objection to the pursuit ot the work of
exploration, for nobody objecs to that. Those
who complain of this do not object to these
explorations, or to any proper appropriation of
money for so worthy an object. The desire ia
that these explorations may be more exten-
sive and the results may be more generally
disseminated throughout the country, and.
therefore, objection is made to this form of
bringing the knowledge to the notice of the
people. Instead of printing a hundred or five
hundred volumes of such a work as this, and
in such a manner as this, at a cost of $100,000,
so that they can be deposited in a few libraries
for preservation, to be looked at by the few,
let them be published as the reports of Hay-
den, Taylor, Raymond, and Ross Browne are
published, so that with that amount of money
one hundred thousand copies may be distrib-
uted throughout the whole country; and let the
reports be made to Congress rather than to a
Department that can, unknown to Congsess,
order any draft upon the Tieasury thai either
pride or vanity may suggest. I have always
found that the trouble is that gentlemen are
not satisfied with the way it is proposed to
economize; some other way is betier than
that which is suggested by a committee ot the
House, because it happens to stiike some one's
friends.
Now I will suggest to my friend from Michi-
gan [Mr. Co\tgkr] that a'l the good which he
desires to derive from such an exploration
as that of Clarence King can be disseminated
throughout this country so that everybody may
know what it is, rather than that three hun-
dred members of Congress may pack up in
their trunks at the close of the session an ele-
gant work like this, and that there may be left
six or seven hundred copies more to be dis-
posed of in the War Department, or any where
else. The gentleman mistakes the end and
the purpose, the use and the profit, of all
these works. I submit that I appreciate as
fully as the gentleman from Michigan the
importance of these explorations. The work
of Clarence King is a valuable, a wonderful
work; so is that of Dr. Ilayden ; so is that
of the gentleman who is now exploring the
canons of the Colorado river. It is in order
that we may multiply and prolong and extend
such explorations that we desire to avcid ibis
useless expenditure of money. If the money
that is wasted in this way could be devoted to
works like these, illustrating the development
and growth of the country, and to the promul-
gation of the results of such works, it would
be a great advantage to the country.
Why should the Departments have power
thus to draw upon the Treasury at will?
Why should they, rather than Congress, have
tbe ability to charge upon the Treasury any
amount that they please to spend upon print-
ing of this kind? We are compelled in our
expenditures for printing to proceed in accord-
ance with law. The Departments, as the law
now stands, can employ the Government Print-
ing Office three fourths of the year; I do not
know but they can employ it four fourths of
the year, and we have 110 control over them in
this respect. It is absolutely necessary that
some check should be put, upon expenditures
of this kind. I do not know what mode is
best. In the last Congress I tried my hand a
little at this work, and I iound that some gen-
tlemen of the House were not satisfied with
the way in which the Committee on Appro-
priations were trying to curtail these expendi-
tures. When an appropriation of $100,000
to continue the work ot Clarence King was
proposed no member of the Committee 011
Appropriations objected to such an expend-
iture, because we all recognized that an ample
return would be realized in the development
and knowledge which would result lo the peo-
ple of the country. But to spend another
$100,000 in this son of printing is absolutely
throwing it away. I would rather see Clar-
ence King ami Dr. Ha. tlcn and Captain
Powell, and other men of that c'ass, take th s
ยง100,000 and expend it in fuittier explora-
tions; and then let us print their works in fair,
honest, plain type, as we do other public docu-
