4216
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
' Mr^ THCJRMAN. I wish merely to say that
I shall vote for concurring in this conference
report, because this bill is the best we can get.
It is not such a bill as I would like ; it is not
the bill that I would prefer, either in its classi-
fication or in the amount of its duties; but it
is the best that we can get, and I think, there-
fore, the sooner it becomes a law the better.
Mr. SCOTT. Although I voted against the
.final passage of this bill, I do not intend to vote
against the report of the committee of confer-
ence or to take up any time in discussing it.
I did think, and I do think, that at this junc-
ture of our affairs the reduction of duties upon
a uniform scale, especially of ten per cent.,
was a mistake. But the bill having now been
discussed in both Houses, having gone to a
committee of conference, and being perhaps,
as the Senator from Ohio says, the best we can
get, I am disposed to accept it as an earnest
of stability, and hope when it once passes into
a law we shall not be again called upon to
consider the question either of reducing or
raising duties tor years to come.
Mr. ALCORN. I shall not detain the Senate
long with what I may have to say on this sub-
ject; but the reason that the Senator from
Pennsylvania gives with regard to the stability
that is construed to attach to this tariff is one
of the reasons why I shall not vote to sustain
the report of the conference committee. There
ia in that report a flagrant injustice done to
the section from which I come. I speak it in
no spirit of complaint, but I state it as a fact
that the section of country from which I come
has nono of the benefit of any of the appro-
priations that have been made by the Govern-
ment. That portion of' the country has been
overlooked. It is true that an appropriation
of small value has been made at one or two
points of the southern coast of Mississippi,
the Atlantic coast, but the South in the appro-
priations made by Congress has been over-
looked. I state this as a fact.
In the item of bagging, the Senate, after
having heard the views of those who advocated
a diminution of duty upon that article, reduced
it twenty-five percent., corresponding willi the
scale of reductions that had been agreed upon
as proper in order to reduce the revenue to
the minimum which it whs said the Govern-
ment was able to bear. The conference com-
mittee, however, have restored the duty upon
bagging to the old rate, a duty that amounts
to a prohibition, almost, of the importation of
India bagging.
Mr. SHKKMAN. The ties, as they are
called, made of iron—I do not know the
technical name—are left in the ten per cent,
reduction clause. I may say also that the
House conferees stated with   great deal of
force, and it was pretty hard for us to answer,
all hough we presented the proposition of the
Senate, that the duty on cotton bagging was
now far less than on any similar product, and
that substantially the cotton planter received
a profit by it, that he actually received upon
the cotton bagging on the cotton more than he
had paid for the bagging. The Senator will
be able to tell better whether that is correct
than [ can. I presume it is.
Mr. ALCORN. The cotton bagging on a
cotton bale now costs about seventy cents per
bale, and the Senator can understand very
weU what seventy cents per bale will amount
to in the number of bales produced in the
South.
Mr. SHERMAN. But you sell the bale
withouttare, at so much per pound, and actually
get a profit from it.
Mr. ALCORN. But there is a tare always
deducted by the merchant, which is intended
to cover the bagging.
Mr. ANTHONY. Not in the northern
market, not in our own market. That is so in
Liverpool, but not with us. We pay for the
bagging and for the hoops, if there are any.
Mr. WEST. If the Senator from Mississippi
will allow me, the Liverpool cotton market
regulates the price of cotton all over the world,
and in that market there is a tare upon bag-
ging and the iron hoops, and consequently
the price is so regulated in the United States
Mr. ANTHONY. That regulates the price,
and that price we in the manufacturing dis-
tricts pay for the bagging, for the ropes, and
for the iron hoops.
Mr. WEST. They get it so much cheaper.
Mr. ALCORN. If it is true, as the Senator
from Louisiana says, and that it is true there
is no question, that the Liverpool market regu-
lates the price of cotton, and that there the tare
is fixed, that tare as a matter of course will
attach to any market in which cotton is sold.
But I do not intend to go into any elaborate
argument on the subject. I presume the ques-
tion is settled. I merely desire to enter my
protest against the stability of the tariff which
is to be established under the report of this
conference committee.
But more than that, on the article of qui-
nine, used by thepoor and by the afflicted poor
of the land, an article which it wa3 shown
here had been taxed to such a degree as to
forbid its importation altogether, the House
of Representatives fixed the tariff at ten per
cent., if I am correctly informed. The House
sent the bill here with a duty of ten per cent,
upon quinia, while quinine was upon the free
list. The honorable Senator from Ohio stated
that placing quinine upon the free list was a
mistake, but the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Moriuli,] rose in his place and showed that
qumni, the article from which quinine was
manufactured, and the quinine itself, were
separate articles, and that the provisions of
the House bill were not inconsistent with
themselves. The Senate agreed to the ten
per cent, fixed by the House, and thereby it
occurred to me wo had established the duty
upon quinine beyond the reach of Congress
to change it. Now, the conference commit-
tee come back and fix the rate of duty at
twenty per cent., a rate of duty that the hon-
orable Senator declares the manufacturers
state to be destructive to the interest in this
country, in the face of the declaration made by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott, J
who advocated the high rates of duty, and
who with the best showing he could make
when that question was under discussion,
went, on to show that tljo price of quinine
here was but twenty per cent, above that
in Liverpool and in the foreign market. The
best, that he could state was, that the differ-
ence was about twenty per cent. But that
position of the Senator from Pennsylvania
was controverted. His own statement of the
facts went to show that the manufacture of
quinine in this country was able to sustain
itself without any duty.
I know the argument, that was made in re-
gard to the tax upon alcohol, and that alcohol
which was exported to foreign countries was
imported there free. It was stated that the
alcohol that was used in the manufacture of
quinine abroad was not required to pay any
duty, aud that no taxes were imposed upon
it; but that was again controverted by the
Senator from California, [Mr. Cassbkly,]
who called upon the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] to state the fact as to whether it
was exempt from duty, and the Senator failed
to state that fact. It was a fact not within his
knowledge.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator will permit me, there is no question about
the fact.
Mr. ALCORN. About what?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That the
article when used for the arts in England
is used without the payment of duty.
Mr. ALCORN. I have no doubtof the sin-
cerity of the honorable Senator, but I have
heard it said on the other side that there was
no doubt the other way. I do not profess to
know, and I leave it between the statements
of Senators on both sides of the Chamber with
regard to the fact, having no doubt that all who
make statements are equally sincere.
But the fact is that the article of foreign
quinine has been driven from the market. Not
an ounce of quinine has been imported into
this country within the last six months. For
the last twelve months quinine paid something
like two thousand dollars, but in the last six
months notan ounce has been imported. With
two millions of the article manufactured in the
three manufactories in this country, two in
Pennsylvania and one in New York, that have
grown into mammoth establishments, consti-
tuting, as they do, a monopoly of the article,
all we asked was that the tariff should be so
regulated as to prevent that great monopoly
acting upon the afflicted poor with that degree
of oppression that had heretofore character-
ized the sale of this article. We do not ask to
disturb these manufactories. We ask simply
by the tariff to put a check upon the monopoly
that has grown up in this country. We ask
this in the iuterest of the people who use the
article not only in the South, but in the West
and elsewhere where fever and ague prevails.
It is an appeal that is made in the interest
of a class of people who have a right to be
heard on this floor. The article yields no
revenue to the Government, and we only wish,
I repeat, that such a check shall be put upon
this monopoly as will prevent the oppression
which will otherwise necessarily result.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
West] says that if all the establishments
engaged in this manufacture had to stop, it
would notamount tomuch. But, sir, we do not
desire any such thing. We desire to maintain
those manufactories; but when all the articles
used in the manufacture of quinine are im-
ported free, when the alcohol constitutes but
a minor portion of the cost, we think the price
of the article should be reduced to a reason-
able figure. The amount of alcohol used in the
manufacture of quinine is a mere bagatelle.
That is the only thing upon which the advocates
of the tariff can seize to hold up the plea they
have made that the duty ought to be maintained
on this article. Alcohol does not constitute one
twentieth portion of thecostof the manufiicture
of quiniue; and with their extensive labora-
tories, with their large capital invested, who
will say here in this place that these man-
ufactories are not able to maintain a com-
petition in the face of all the world without
duty ?
If there was any consideration that applied
to the Government, if there were revenues
derived from the tariff on this article, it would
be a different thing ; but the Government de-
rives no revenue from it. It is simply a tax
that is imposed, and imposed upon people who
are the least able of all others to pay it. When
you go with your tax upon quinine, you go to
the bedside of the distressed, you go to the
bedside of the poor, and you demand of them
that they shall pay this monopoly this exorbit-
ant tax. What for? Not for the Government.
The Government is not protected. The in-
terests of the Government are not advanced.
It is only to maintain a monopoly that has
grown up in this country, and whose influence
is felt here, and whose influence overrides the
cry of the distressed that comes from the
afflicted in the land. It is an outrage; it is an
injustice; and I for one shall not vote for a
tariff bill that embraces within its provisions
an injustice so flagrant to the people who are
so much in want of the special consideration
of Congress.
Mr. SAWYER. I think my constituents
are almost as much, if not quite as much, in-
terested in cheap quinine as those of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi ; and yet I cannot forget
that the duty is reduced by this bill over fifty
per cent. The duty was forty-five per cent by
the last tariff, and the conference report, as I
understand, places it at twenty per cent., so
that it is reduced fifty six and a quarter per
