1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
ments of which Congress has the control. Bat
surely it is not right that the Departments
should have the power to order the printing
of these holiday books for distribution among
their friends and among members of Congress,
so that each member may go home carrying an
elegant book of this kind.
Mr. CONGER. Iri pursuance of what I
have already said, I will ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts one question: if, as he.
says, the heads of Departments have had for
years this privilege, why is it not better that
the subject should receive the attention of a
committee who may arrange the manner and
style of this printing, rather than attempt to
meet the evil by a provision tacked on to an
appropriation bill in this way?
Mr. DAWES. One reason is that we can-
not enlist the valuable aid of Our friend from
Michigan in any such undertaking.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman, unfortu-
nately, has never sought our aid, thinking him-
self, doubtless, able to go on alone.
Mr. DAWES. Well, he now finds himself
mistaken, and appeals to the gentleman from
Michigan for assistance in bringing about that
result.
Mr. CONGER.. I will give the gentleman
a pledge to render him all the assistance he
may desire.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend by adding
the following as a new section:
Sf.c. —. Andbe it farther enactcd, Thatallproceeds
of sales of old material, condemned stores, supplies,
or other public property of any kind, shall hereafter
be deposited and covered into the Treasury as mis-
cellaneous receipts on account ot proceeds ot Gov-
ernment property, and shall not be withdrawn or
applied except in consequence of a subsequent a.p-
inopriation made by iaw; and a detailed statement
of all such proceeds ot sales shall be included in the
appendix to the book of estimates; but this section
shall not be held to repeal the existing authority of
iaw m relation to marine hospitals, revenuc-cutteis,
the clothing fund ot the Navy, or the sale of com-
missary stores to officers ot tho Army: and it shall
be the duty of the Register of the Treasury to furnish
to the proper accounting officers copies of all war-
rants covering such proceeds where the same may
be necessary m the settlement of accounts in their
respective offices.
Mr.^ GARFIELD,' of Ohio. I have no
objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
bill be laid aside to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
TENSION APPROPRIATION It ILL.
Mr. GARFfELD, of Ohio. I move that
we now take up House bill No. 1071, making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the
year ending June 30, 1873.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move, by
unanimous consent, that the first reading of
the bill for information be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill
by paragraphs for amendments, as follows:
That the following sums be, and the same are
hereby, appropriated outof any money intheTreas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, for the payment of
pensions for the year ending the 30th of June, 1873,
namely:
For Army pensions to invalids, widows, and de-
pendent relatives, revolutionary pensions, and pen-
sions to soldiers of the war of 1812, and for furnish-
ing artificial liuibs or apparatus for resection, with
transportation or commutation therefor; also for
compensation to pension agents, and the expenses
of the several agencies, and for fees for preparing
vouchers and administering oaths, as provided for
by the acts of April 21,1816, July 4, 1836, May 13,
1846, February 20, 1847, February 2,1848, J uly 21,
1848. July 29, 1848, February 3, 1853, June 3,1858,
Julvll andl7.1862, June 13, 1864, June6, and July
25 18G6, July 27,1888, June 17, and July 8 and 11,
1870, and February 14,1871, ?30,000,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I rise
for the purpose of inquiring of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, if this
£30,000,000 is for the purpose of paying pen-
sions which accrue under the various acts
designated, what ptovisiou in there for pay-
II.
tug pensions under the many special acts of
Congress which are not referred to ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Wemakeappro-
ptialionshere under the general pension laws.
Of course we never can tell how much will be
needed, except under laws already passed. I
suppose the Pension Bureau estimates enough
to cover the special acts which may be passed.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thegentleman does not
understand the point I make. A great many
persons receive pensions, and their names are
placed on the pension-roll under special acts,
which are not designated in this section. This
only provides for the payment of pensions
granted under and by virtue of the acts here
designated. How is the Department to pay
pensions provided for by special acts of Con-
gress ?
Mr. GARFIELD , of Ohio. I do not suppose
there is any necessity in specifying any more
than the general acts under which pensions
arc granted. Other language in the bill covers
these special acts of Congress. We have fol-
lowed the estimates from the Departments.
The gentleman who had charge of this bill is
absent from the House to-day on account of
sickness. If the gentleman thinks other words
are necessary to cover these apecial acts, I have
no objection to their being added to this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe some language
covering these special acts of Congress ought
to be included in this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman from Ohio will allow me to ask
him one question.
Mr. GAllFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why is it
necessary to enumerate all these acts? Why
not appropriate for pensions due under exist-
ing laws, or under laws passed by Congress?
Why not say "for pensions due to widows, sol-
diers, &c., under existing laws, or under laws
passed by Congress, so much money is appro-
priated?" If you happen to leave out an act
of Congress in this enumeration, either by
mistake or through inadvertence, that whole
class of pensions will be thrown out. Why not
say under existing laws?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. By specifying
acts of Congress like those enumerated here,
it, helps Congtess to find them when the sub-
ject is up for consideration. The Committee
on Appropriations have specified items as far
as possible in all the appropriation bills. If
gentlemen think there ought to be an addi-
tional clause, I do not object.
Mr. MAYNARD. There ought to be such
a provision added to the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We are only
doing what has been done before. This bill
is precisely the same as that which was passed
last year.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move,
after the words "seventy-one," in linetwenty-
nine, to add, "and all other pensions author-
ized by law."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to that. The gentleman who had chargc
ot this bill went over all these items very care-
fully with the Commissioner of Pensions, and
I regret he is detained from the House by
sickness.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Navy pensions to invalds, widows, and de-
pendent relatives, and pensions to sailors of the
war of 1812, and for furnishing artificial limbs or
apparatus for resection, with transportation or
commutation therefor, compensation to pension-
agents, expenses of agencies, and fees for prepai ing
vouchers and administering oaths, as provided by
the acts of April 23, 1800, February 20,1817, August
11.1848, July 11 and 17, 18li2, June .'JO, 1864, June b
and July 25, I860, March 2. 1867. July 27, 1868, June
17, and July 8 and 11, 3870, $480,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the same amendment there as in the previous
paragraph :
In lino forty-flve. after the word "seventy," in-
sert, " and all other pensions provided by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before tho com-
mittee lises, I may remark in regard to this
bill that there is a reduction from the appro-
priations of last year by the sum of $3,070,000.
I wish I could believe there will not be legis-
lation to prevent a similar decrease next year.
Mr. MOORE. I would call the attention
of the gentleman to the fact that the appropri-
ations last year were for five quarters instead
of four.
Mr. MAYNARD. I beg to inquire of the
gentleman, whether these Navy pensions are
to come out of the general funds of the Treas-
ury, or whether they will be paid from the
naval pension fund?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, The Navy pen-
sions come out of the naval pension fund.
I now move that the committee rise and
report the two bills with amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the hill (H. R. No.
1000) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government, for the year ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes ; and also the bill (H.
11. No. 1071) making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United Suites for the year ending June 30,
1873 ; and had directed him to report tho said
bills with sundry amendments.
legislative, etc , appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill (H. R. No. 1060)
making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes, having been reported
from the Committee of the Whole with sundry
amendments, the question is, will the House
concur in thoseamendments? The Chair will
assume that the House concurs in those amend-
ments, on which a separate vote is not asked.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] if he will
not consent that an amendment may be pro-
posed to cover an appropriation for printing
the laws in newspapers, so that we may take
the sense of the House on the question'/
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 do not think
I can-yield to the gentleman's request. He
had the decision of the committee on the ques-
tion. I ask a separate vote on concurring in
the amendment reported by the committee
striking out the second section.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to have that
section read.
The SPEAKER. The section _ which the
Committee of the Whole recommend to be
stricken out will be reported.
The Clerk read as follows:
Site. 2. That noclaim of anykindwhateveragainst
the United States shall be considered by the accouut-
ing officers of the Ti ca.-ury, nor paid by or on behalf
of the (iovernment, unless the same shall be filed
within seven years from the time such claim accrues,
which said seven years shall begin .is to contracts
under seal from date, when the contract by its terms
is or should be completed, and as to all other claims
from the (late at which the servicewas rendered, tho
work done, or the supplies or materials furnished:
Provided, That this section shall not be held to a pply
to the interest or principal of the public debt, nor
to claims directed to be examined and settled by
special act of Congress: And vrovided further, That
it shall take effect from and alter the 1st of January,
1873, and its provisions shall apply to all claims and
vouchers presented after that date.
The question was on concurring in the
amendment of the committee striking out the
section and being put there were —ayes 80,
noes 43.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 53, noes 81.
So the House refused to adjourn.
