1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2425
ings of said council, and who shall transmit a true
copy of all such who may assent to the establish-
ment of said general council; and if none shall be
thus formally selected by any nation or tribe, the
said nation or tribe shall be represented in said gen-
eral council by the chiefs and head-men of said
tribes, to be taken in the oider of their rank, in the
same number and proportion as above indicated."
These treaties further provide that the su-
perintendent of Indian affairs shall give notice
to the tribes of the number of members of the
geneial council tuat. each one is entitled to; to
meet at the time and place appointed by him ;
afterward to meet on their own adjournment;
no session in any one year to exceed thirty days;
thus not only keeping within the power and
direction of the Constitution of the United
States, but beeping the Government duly posted
in all the doings of the council, and limiting
its action and power below the Constitution,
treaties, and laws of the United States, as are
the action and power of all other Territories of
the United States. Those treaties further pro-
vide, as do other territorial laws, that the offi-
cials and members of this general council
shall be paid by the United States.
I call attention to these treaty provisions to
show the entire and complete political con-
nection between these tribes and the Gov-
ernment, and their submission to its Consti-
tuiion, laws, and treaty obligations.
graves of their fathers.
The condition of the Indian tribes in this
country is faithfully presented in the spirit
and intention of the Chickasavvs in the second
article of the treaty of June 22, 1852, made at
Washington city, and which after arranging
the translers to the United States of all the
lands owned and held by them eastof the Mis-
sissippi river, provides—
"That a tract of land, including the grave-yard
near the town of Poutotoc. where many of the
Oluekasaws and their white friends are buried, and
not exceeding four acres in quantity, shall be, and
is hereby, set apart and conveyed to the said town
of Pontotoc, to be held sacred for the purposes of a
public burial-ground forever."
Here was a people once numerous and
powerful and the possesors of a vast domain,
now so reduced and pressed upon by the sur-
rounding white settlements, that they sold all
their lands and homes and agreed to move West,
to a place new and strange to them : but with
kind hearts and love for the memory of their
fathers and their friends, stopping in the consid-
eration of the sale of alt their natural domain
in order to secure this one spot sacred to their
dead and the dead of those who had driven
them to this extremity, but without malice,
solemnly dedicating their grave-yard to the use
of their white oppressors for a public burial-
ground forever.
How soon this people will again be com-
pelled to the sore trial ofpreserving and ded-
icating a grave-yard to their fathers and their
white friends forever, remains to be seen
through the legislation of this House.
I trust in the strength of the cause of these
Indians because it is just, and submit it to the
House in full faith that they will be protected
in their treaty rights to their lands. I close
in the language of Marshall in the case of j
Fletcher vs. Peck : i
"For a party to pronounce its own deed invalid, ;
whatever cause maybe assigned for its invalidity, [
must be considered as a mere act of power, which |
mustfind its vindication in a train of reasoning not ;
often heard iu courts of justice.''
REPUBLIC OF MEXICO. !
Mr. BUNNELL. Mr. Speaker, on the 11th :
of last month'the honorable gentleman from ,
New York [Mr. Brooks] moved that the rules !
be suspended for the purpose of passing the t
following resolution: j
Whereas Mexico, a neighboring and conterminous !
territory, is and has been in a state of revolution ;
now for half a century; and whereas on our borders
there are constant raids and inroads more or less '■
ik'stnicuve to life and to the property of the people ;
ot these United Slates, thus demanding trom our i
Government decided action; and whereas philun- !
tliropy, humanity, and Christianity thus shocked
revolt from this continuousshedding of human blood
in endue* mil wars which are dopopuUttug me i.
country and reducine the people thereof to bar-
barism : Therefore,
Be it revolved, (the Senate concurring therein,)
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the_ House of Representatives appoint a joint
committee, three from each body, to devise the
wisest and best policy to be pursued in reference to
Mexico and for the establishment of law and order
on our borders.
I do not give the foregoing resolution with
the intention of making an extended criticism
thereon, though the words used in the pre-
amble are certainly indicative of no very great
respect on the part of the gentleman, for the
Governmentor people of Mexico. The words.
" a neighboring and conterminous territory,"
are remarkable when they refer to a Govern-
ment at which _ we have a full minister, and
whose minister is accredited to our own. They
are remarkable when used in reference to a
republic. The preamble and resolution do
not meet my approval, and 1 make them the
occasion of a few remarks. They are made in
defense of a country for which I have a pro-
found sympathy, and tor which I believe there
is a brighter future.
There are, sir, some grounds for this sym-
pathy which I feel for the republic of Mex-
ico, and which impel me to defend her here
at the present time. During the attempt of
France, England, and Spain to overthrow
the Government of Mexico while our civil
war was in progress, it was my fortune to
be in Mexico for a year, and I then learned
somewhat of that republic, of the nature of
the struggle that was then going on there and
is now going on, as well as the sympathy of
that people toward our own Government.
This fact has made me willing at this time
to present, feebly though it may be, a defense
of Mexico, and to give some resons why I think
our Government should extend to this sister
republic a warm and generous sympathy.
I need not, of course, go back into the his-
tory of Mexico ; I need not refer to the Aztec
nation, nor to the conquest of that nation by
the Spaniards under Cortes:; nor need I fol-
low the career of Mexico from 1821 down to
1859, when the present administration came
into power.
The Government of Mexico is very nearly
like our own, though in some respects quite
different. She elects her president for four
years. She has but a single branch iu her
national Congress—a house of representatives
consisting of two hundred and twenty four
members—although at the present time the
proposition is before the State legislatures to
change the constitution and provide for a sen-
ate. She has a federal supreme court and
federal circuit courts, as well as State courts,
the State judges holding their offices for life,
and the federal judges for six years. The
chief justice of the supreme court is the vice
president of the republic, and in case of a
vacancy in the presidency lie becomes the
president. Benito Juarez, who is the present
executive, thus became the president, he
being chief justice of the supreme court of the
country when the vacancy in the office of
president occurred, and has since then been
twice elected by the people.
The annual expenses of the Government are
about $17,000,000. The receipts for its sup-
! port have generally been equal to its ex-
penses. They are derived from a direct tax,
stamp duties, and from imposts upon exports.
The republic is divided into twenty-three
States, one territory, and one district. Its
entire length, northwest and southeast, is up-
ward of two thousand miles, and its extreme
breadth over eleven hundred miles. The popu-
lation in 1869 was 9,160,000
The following are the leading cities with
their population :
City of Mexico   250,000
Leon  120,000
Guadalajara   100 000
J'uebln   80,000
H-iu Lu'N Potosi   oO.OJO
i I'-ian;ijurtio    
Her territory comprises an area of 7G6.842
square miles. Its coast line is 5,800 miles.
I will allude, in a very few words, to the
wonderful wealth of Mexico—wealth lavishly
bestowed upon her by nature; and then to
some of the moral forces which are at work,
and which inspire in my mind hope for the
brighter future which I insist is in store for
that republic.
Mexico unites the vegetation of North and
South America. By reason of its peculiar
geological structure, and its variations of
climate and temperature, according to eleva-
tion, it presents an immense variety of indi-
genous productions, and scarcely a plant exist
on the globe which cannot be grown in some
part of the country. Whole provinces on the
table-land produce alpine plants, oaks, chest-
nuts, and pine, spontaneously. Rice, Indian
corn, the banana, the sugar cane, tobacco,
coffee, jalap, cacao, beans, chile wheat, bar-
ley, potatoes, peas, lentils, American aloe,
nopal, cotton, pepper, anise vanilla, sarsa-
parilla, indigo, cochineal, wax, silk, and
indeed every production of all the zones are
found iu Mexico.
These are the agricultural or vegetable
products. If we turn to the mineral pro-
ductions we should be as well satisfied with the
result. Tt has iron, lead, gold, and silver in
abundance. All mineral wealth, including the
precious stones, as well as all vegetable wealth,
may be found there. I think the people of
our couutry underrate Mexico. I wish in a
very few words further to allude to its natural
resources and wealth.
The number of landed estates is estimated
at fifteen thousand, the value of which is put
down at $800,000,000 ; and town property is
estimated at $700,000,000. This gives a total
of §1,500.000,000. The annual value of agri-
cultural products throughout the country, may
be safely estimated at §300,000,000. The cul-
tivation of sugar-car.e is quite considerable.
In six States forty million pounds are manu-
factured annually ; and the annual production
of cotton is over thirty thousand bales, of four
hundred pounds each.
When we look at those productions we, of
course, must remember that they are im-
mensely lessened by the disordered condi-
tion of the country. Before closing I desire
to mention some of the causes which have
been in operation, and which are still in oper-
ation, and some of which are from without,
producing these disorders which we, as a
neighboring republic, ought not to look upon
as a cause why we should neglect or fail to
give it the warm support of which I have
spoken.
The product of wheat is also quite large,
especially in the State of Puebla, growing at
the lowest average sixty bushels to the one; and
barley is equally productive. Mexico, therefore,
ought to become one of the most prosperous
countries upon the American continent. Man-
ufactures, of course, have grown in that coun-
try slowly, and have lived under many diffi-
culties ; yet the manufacture of cotton cloth
and thread is very considerable. The num-
ber of factories iu 1803 was forty seven,
with 122,3-54 spindles, giving employment to
ten thousand laborers. The total cost of the
buildings and machinery was $7,342,957.^ fhe
annual expense of running these factories is
$1,261,000. There are eight paper manufac-
tories in that country. The total value of
manufactures of all kinds may be safely put
down at $100,000,000. Exports have amounted
on the average during the last year to
$28,000,000, and the imports to $20,000,000.
It might here be interesting to dwell upon the
commerce of Mexico, show its steady in-
crease, and a quite rapid increase with this
country. Mexico could furnish us with coffee
equal to the best sufficient for our entire
consumption.
The mines of Mexico we know more about,
and of the large income from them. They are
