1872.
THE COTORISSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
3321
this: that it is supposed the circuit judge
will be more independent of local inflaences
than the district judge. Why, sir, if you are
to devolve this power on a judicial officer at
all, can you devolve it more safely upon any
one than the district judge, who holds his
office for life, and who is supposed to be re-
moved from any such local influences? If
the district judge is not competent, by preju-
dice or passion or local influence, to appoint
a supervisor of an election, I pray you, how
is he competent or fit to hold the office of
district judge at all? Is he fit to administer
justice there if he is so subject to local influ-
ences? Is he fit to try the prosecutions that
may arise under this very law ? Yet most of
them are to be tried by this very same district
judge, whom you remove and set aside upon
the idea that he is the victim of or subject to
local influences, and that therefore it is neces-
sary to go seven or eight hundred miles to
find a man who is not subject to local influ-
ences.
Then here again is the inconsistency of the
thing, that the circuit judge is to appoint them
in the State in which he lives where the
same local influences that would bear upon
the district judge would bear ujjon him.
I say, Mr. President, if this bill is to pass at
all, and if it is to be anything like a fair bill,
to accomplish the purposes that are professed,
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Illinois ought to prevail.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am surprised
that the Senator from Ohio should question
the fairness of this bill because it names the
circuit judge instead of the district judge, when
he has once, if not twice, had such a bill pass
under his supervision in the Judiciary Com-
mittee without raising that objection.
Mr. THURMAN. Because I was opposed
to the bill out and out and opposed it in com-
mittee, if I may be allowed to say that, as the
Senator refers to committee matters, which he
ought not to have done, and I opposed it in
this Senate until the Senate got very tired of
hearing me.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not think
there was any opposition made in the Senate
to the passage of the bill to which I refer at
all; certainly none on the ground that it named
the circuit judge instead of the district judge,
and it passed at this session.
Mr. THURMAN. To what bill does the
Senator refer?
Mr. FRELINHUYSEN. The amendment
to the original act.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator knows I
was opposed to that bill.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I say no objec-
tion was made to it in the Senate, and no
objection anywhere on account of the circuit
judge. All the argument that the Senator
uses against the circuit judges applies equally
against the district judges ; and we are going
to select one or the other. As to the cir-
cuit judge being under the imperative neces-
sity of appointing just who the citizens call
upon him to appoint, that applies to the dis-
trict judge just as well. A circuit judge who
wants to perform his duty will see that he is
not placed in any such strait: and that is^ a
matter which any number of citizens can in
time prevent by making application twenty or
thirty days before the time the appointment
is to be made, so as to leave abundant time
to make this investigation. It is perfectly
apparent that these circuit judges, it we are
going to impose an important trust, are, as a
general rule, without saying anything to the
disparagement of the district judges, better
entitled to this trust.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
me?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish he would state,
because I intend to say something about that
point, upon what grounds he regards the cir-
cuit judges as better entitled to this trust, to
use his own language, than the district judges.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The ground is
that they are a higher grade of officer. They
are so recognized for the same reason that
more important questions are by the law of
the land submitted to them than to the dis-
trict judges. That is a sufficient reason. It
is nothing to the disparagement of the charac-
ter of the district judge to say that the cir-
cuit judge is his superior, and the justice of
the Supreme Court is superior to the circuit
judge, and the most important duties we
habitually repose in the highest officer. I
suppose that these district judges and circuit
judges are personally strangers to us all, and
therefore we can only judge of their trust-
worthiness for a delicate duty by considering
the grade of office to which we have elevated
them.
Mr. CASSERLY. So far as the main ques-
tion is concerned, I do not propose to discuss
it further. I wish to say a few words, however,
in regard to the ground assumed by the Sena-
tor from New Jersey who has just sat down.
He said awhile ago, as his reason for wishing
this power in the hands of the circuit judges,
that they were generally a better class of men.
Just now when I challenged his attention to
the point he put it on the ground that they
were a higher class of officers.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If I spoke of
the men it was a slip of the tongue, for'I do
not know the character of the men. I should
be very sorry to be represented as speaking to
the disparagement of the district judges or the
circuit judges as men, and I trust the Senator
from California will not so represent me.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not know what
the Senator means by trusting that I will not
so represent him, because I used his express
language. Now, if the Senator wishes to
qualify that, I of course shall not object.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I stated whatl
meant by saying that if I used that expression
it was a slip of the tongue.
Mr. CASSERLY. I trust the Senator under-
stands me. So far as that is concerned, his
explanation closes my mouth. Still I repeat
I do not know why the Senator should express
a hope that I would not so represent him, to
use his own language, when, of course, if the
Senator in the haste of debate used any lan-
guage which he wishes to recall or to qualify
he will meet from no one a more cheerful
assent than he will from me. It seemed to
me, however, that there was an implication,
an undertone running through this debate, as
though the circuit judges were by reason of
their personal qualifications better fitted to
perform this duty than the district judges.
Now, sir, it has been my fortune during the
many years of my practice at the bar to know
something of the circuit judges and the dis-
trict judges in this country, either by my prac-
tice before them or by my examination of their
decisions. I do not think it can be said with
justice by any one that the district judges as
a bouy will suffer by comparison with the cir-
cuit judges as a body. Some of the most
illustrious names that we have in our juris-
prudence are the names of district judges. In
admiralty they hold almost undisturbed su-
premacy. I have only to speak of such names
as Sprague of Massachusets, of Lowell,«his
successor, of Ingersoll in Connecticut, of
Betts in New York, of Smalley in Vermont-
all of them men whose memories will always
live in the hearts of the profession for their
learning, for their ability, for_ their spotless
integrity. On my own coast it may be that
we are fortunate—I think not more fortunate
than our fellow-citizens are elsewhere but
we have three district judges there, with re-
gard to two of whom I speak from personal
knowledge, and I believe I may include the
third ill what I am going to say. Ihey are
gentlemen who would not suffer by compari-
son with any circuit judge in the United States
to-day. Two of them are judges of long ser-
vice ; one of them has gone through an ordeal
that few judges could have gone through and
come out of it not only with reputation undi-
minished, but greatly increased for every
quality which a judge should have. I draw
no invidious distinctions between him or any
other of the district judges on that coast and
the circuit judge. The circuit judge is a
gentleman of standing, and of credit, and of
ability, too, but no friend of his would under-
take to depreciate, by comparison with him,
any of the three district judges in his circuit.
There is nothing in the idea of pergonal
unfitness on the part of the district judges as
compared with the circuit judges for the dis- .
charge of the trust imposed on them by this
act; and if you speak of long tenure of
office, and of great experience, and of inti-
mate acquaintance with the best people, with
the good men and true, the lawful and dis-
creet . citizens of the States in which they
administer justice, the district judges are im-
measurably beyond the circuit judges in the
advantages which they possess. Your circuit
judges are, many of them, if not most of
them, of new creation. Many of the district
judges have been in office for a quarter of a
century, and have always borne themselves
so clear in their high office that no touch
even of the most reckless slander has ever
reached them.
I shall regret the adoption of the amend-
ment as amended in the committee, for the
reason that it will exclude precisely that class
of judges who are preeminently qualified
beyond any doubt or fair comparison to
discharge the duties imposed upon the circuit
judges by this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not intend to say
anything more about this question. I shall
enter into no comparison between the judges
of the circuit and of the district courts. I
assume, Mr. President, that the judges of the
circuit court and the judges of the district
courts are both of too high character to do
anything but what would be right in the selec-
tion of two supervisors or inspectors, one from
each party, to see that an election is conducted
fairly. I take it that we may trust both of
them or either of them ; it is a mere question
of convenience.
It has been thought by Congress advisable
to take to some extent the supervision of the
election of members of Congress. And in
doing that we have passed a law by which we
proposed originally to appoint these super-
visors only in the large cities. The Senator
from New Jersey says we confined the ap-
pointment to the circuit judges. There might
have been more propriety for it then. It was
only in cities, I think, containing more than
twenty thousand inhabitants, that any pro-
vision was originally made for appointing
these inspectors, and of course there were but
few such cities in a circuit. Now it is pro-
posed to extend the law so as to authorize the
appointment of inspectors in every precinct
in the United States when a congressional
election takes places, and it is proposed to
confine the appointment of the se inspectors,
one of each party in those procincts, to the
judge of the circuit court. There is but one
judge of the circuit court in a circuit. These
circuits consist of many States, all of them of
several States.
As I have already stated, the southern cir-
cuit extends from Texas to Florida. _ It takes
in Florida, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, and Texas. Now, suppose in the
remote part of Texas it is thought by some
of the citizens there that they will not have a
fair election ; they desire to apply to the judge
for the purpose of having two impartial per-
sons appointed, one of each party, to supervise
this election m the western part of lexas ;
they are required to go to Judge Woods, rcsid-
