2426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
the inexhaustible source from which silver
and gold come. Their production is marvel-
ous. The yearly coinage of mines in Mexico
has increased in steady progression from the
time of the establishment of the first mint to
the year 1805, when the highest amount was
reached, being for that year, $27,000,000.
The total coinage of the mints of Mexico from
the war of independence to 1856 was $476,-
392,014. Humboldt in 1803 stated that the
total amount of silver raised from the Mexican
mines from the conquest in 1512 to 1803 was
$2,027,952,000. The amount of gold is one
fifth of the amount of silver.
I have now alluded to the extent of this
country, slightly to its governmental affairs,
and thus slightly to its agricultural and mineral
"wealth. I now wish to call attention to some
of the forces which are at work there to bring
about a condition of things which I think
ought not to be ungrateful to Americans, to
republicans, to those who believe in a repub-
lican form of government, which we think is
the only government which is to be developed
and made successful in that country. One of
those moral forces which are at work there
now, is the system of free education which has
been established there, especially by Benito
Juarez under the present administration. To
be sure there had been free schools prior to
1859, but the system of free education has
been especially inaugurated since 1859. I
have written two or three pages upon what is
being done in that republic in the line of edu-
cation, and I will read them.
That nation possesses elements of progress
and approximate perfection which has, as a
part of her system of government, organized
schools for the education of its people. Free
education every Government should furnish
to all. Nothing can excel it in the power to
ennoble and make glorious. Education refines
and widens every conception of individual and
associated man. It vastly augments his pow-
ers. I have, therefore, sought for schools in
Mexico, free schools, as furnishing to my mind
a reason why the Government there should be
cherished by this, encouraged and even ap-
plauded. The enemies of Mexico in this and
other countries see only the shades in her
present character. It is to me a pleasure to
bring out the lights which do really exist in it.
They shall and do forecast a brighter future,
and, indeed, a future in which there will be
no talk about monarchies or protectorates.
I will here give portions of the account of
education in some of the States of Mexico, by
Colonel Albert S. Evans, in his recent work
entitled "Our Sister Republic." Of the Gov-
ernor of Colima he says :
<4 He has taken a great interest in the establish-
ment of free schools in Colima and other towns m
the State, and a decided advance has been made
within the last two years in general education."
A gain;
"The schools of Guadalajara, new as they are,
some of thorn but a year or two established, inter-
ested us more than anything else wc saw in this
ancient city. The municipality of Guadalajara now
supports eighteen primary day fechools, nine for
hoys and nine for girls, free to all, and live evening
schools, besides contributing to the support ot sev-
eral more advanced sclioois, accommodating in all
acven thousand pupils.
"Then the State provides two high schools, one
for boys and one for girls, which are tree to all who
are unable to pay ten dollars per month for board
and tuition. No scholar who can pass the examin-
ation can be refused, however humble or poor.
There the youth are taught all the higher branches
of mathematics, the languages, vocal and instru-
mental music, and many arts by which they can
gain an honest livelihood; a school ot arts, in which
lour hundred boys are taught all the useful arts and
trades, such as tailoring, saddlery, blaeksmithing,
boot-making, carpentering, &c.; and an institute
or college of higher grades for the instruction
of boys intended for the learned professions. We
first visited the girls' high school. This is the
school provided by the Stale of Jalisco for grad-
uates of her grammar school. It is situated in the
old convent of San Diego, which was closed nnd con-
fiscated to the natiou by order of President Juarez,
and is now wholly devoted to the purposes of free
education. We found here two hundied and thirty
girls from the of twelve to twenty year., ail
bright, intelligent, and happy-lookup.
"Those able to do so pay ten dollars per month,
and those who are not pay nothing. For this they
receive instruction in all the studies usually pur-
sued in the higher schools in the United States,
vocal and instrumental music, object-drawing, all
the fine arts, embroidering, lace-makmg, and, better
still, cooking, washing, ironing, and other house-
hold duties. In the music-hall the pupils gave us
the opera of Eriiani in as grand style as it is usu-
ally given by the regular opera companies of the
United States, the part of Ernani being sung by a
little miss fourteen years of age, with a wonderfully
powerful and highly cultivated voice. On leaving
this beau til ui retreat, once the shade of darkness and
superstition and bigotry, now so justly the pride and
hope of the State, Mr. Seward remarked, ' Why, in
Heaven's name, do people talk of a protectorate for
a country capable of such things as these?' Next
we visited the boys' high school. This establish-
ment, originally built by bishop Parades, but now
under civil control, contains nearly four hundred
students, and will soon have five hundred. One
great feature of this school is its library of thirty
thousand volumes, mainly the spoils of the confis-
cated monasteries. This in New York, Boston, or
England would be an immense feature.
"There are thousands on thousands of volumes
three centuries old and more, printed or illuminated
by hand, and as perfect in their parchment coverings
as on the day they issued from the press. Most of
them are in Spanish, but there are many in French
and some in English."
The writer, after giving other accounts of
the progress of free education in the States of
Colima and Jalisco, closes his references to
this subject in these two States as follows;
" Say what you may, this is progress. Give Mex-
ico fifteen yeai& of uiiinteirupted peace in which to
spread these schools throughout all the States, and
she will astonij-h the world with her material ad-
vance, and make the dream of establishing a mon-
archy on the ruins of republicanism in the New
World idleness and vanity. God grant that she
may have the opportunity to make good my pre-
diction."
I might further state that there is, with but
few exceptions, a college in each State. With
all its faults the national school of art and
design in Mexico is infinitely superior to any-
thing similar on the continent; and it will be
long before we shall equal it in the United
States.
The college of mines or mining college was
one of the noblest educational institutions of
Mexico in its design, and it had been famous
for half a century before even an attempt at
founding such a school had been made in the
United States. These provisions for general
and special education, the colleges, classical
and scientific, the apparatus, the museums,
libraries, paintings, sculpture, and mineral and
natural history collections, indicate a culture
and taste far beyond the generally entertained
idea of Mexico, and they cannot be ignored m
judging whnt the now torn republic shall be.
1 now wish to speak specifically of the pres-
ent condition of Mexico, and some uf the
causes which are at work there to keep alive
the present disorder, and therefore to give a
reason why, instead of upbraiding Mexico with
unkind words when she is struggling for life,
struggling against the dead past, struggling
against what Spain willed her, we should ex-
tend to her our friendly consideration rather
than our censure.
As I said a moment ago, Benito Juarez
became president of the republic of Mexico
in the year 185U. X have a profound respect
for the president of that republic, because of
bis character, and because of the immense
difficulties under which he has labored from
the very moment, when he came into power.
There were two leading proclamations, so to
speak, made by Juarez when he assumed the
presidency of the republic of Mexico. lie
insisted on breaking the civil power of the
church, and to thid end the property of the
church was con6scated throughout the length
and breadth of the republic. The power of
the church was broken as by a blow, and when
broken, there was set on fire the opposition
which lias followed him and his administration
down to the present time.
1 am assuming, Mr. Speaker, in what I say,
that there is no other form of government m
the future to which we may look for Mexico
than a republic. -The elements for a mon
;trchy do nut exist there. The people are in
favor of a republican form of government. We
have, therefore, to look at that country as des-
tined to be in the future as she is now, a
republic.
You are aware that within the past two or
three years, Mexico has been visited by ex-
Secretary Seward ; that he passed across the
entire country j that he was hailed everywhere.
Thousands on thousands at every city greeted
him ; they greeted him as a representative of
a neighboring Kepublic; they greeted him
through gratitude, because of the noble posi-
tion he took while their country was invaded
by Maximilian, for I must insist that if ever
we had sagacious diplomacy, we had it in the
management of that question by Mr. Seward.
But for him Maximilian might have triumphed
there, and to him are we largely indebted for
the absence of monarchical power on tb>s con-
tinent. At the city of Mexico Secretary
Seward was received with a public dinner, at
which there were four hundred invited guests,
with surroundings that could not and would
not be excelled in this city, in New York, or
anywhere on the continent. On that occasion
speeches were made, not only by our minister,
and by Mr. Seward, but by Mexican statesmen
and Mexican orators, and all that was said
there disclosed a living Mexican nationality
which we must recognize now, and recognize
in the future.
In the speech of Mr. Seward occur the fol-
lowing words:
" The people of the United States, by an instinct
which is a peculiar gift of Providence to nations,
have comprehended better than even their Govern-
ment has ever yet done the benignant destinies of the
Ametican continent and their own responsibility in
that important matter. They know and see clearly
that although the colonization and initiation of
civilization in all parts of this continent was as-
signed to European monarchical States, yet that
in perfecting society and civilization here, every
part of the continent must sooner or later be made
entirely independent of all foreign control, and of
evcty form ofimperialor despotic power, the sooner
the better. Universally imbued with this lofty and
magnanimous sentiment, the people of the United
States have opened their broad territories from
ocean to ocean and from the Lakes to the Gulf,
freely to the downtrodden and oppressed of all
nations, as a republican asylum. In their Consti-
tution they have written with equal unanimity
and zeal the declaration that to all who shall come
within that asylum they guaranty that they shall
be forever governed only by republican institu
tions.
" This noble guarantee extends in spirit, in policy,
and in effect to all other nations m the American
hemisphere, so far as may depend on moral influ-
ences. which in the cause of political truth are
always more effective than arms. Some of those
nations are communities near the United States,
which, while they are animated like the American
people, with a desire for republican institutions, and
will not willingly submit to any other, are yet by
reason of insufficient territory, imperfect develop-
ment, colonial demoralization, or other causes, in-
capable of independently sustaining them. To these,
as in the case of the ancient Louisiana. Florida,
Alaska. San^Dommgo, and St. Thomas, the people of
the United States offer incorporation into the United
States, with their own freeconsent, without conquest,
and when they are fully prepared for thatimportant
change. Other nations on the continent, liberally
endowed with the elements and virtues of national
independence, prosperity, and aggrandizement, and
self-reliant, cherishing the same enlighteued and
intense desire for republican institutions, have nobly
assumed the position and exercised the powers of
exclusive sovereignty. Of this class are Mexico,
older as a nation, but newer as a republic than the
United States, Venezuela, and Colombia, the Central
American States, Peru, the Argentine Itepublic. and
Chili. These republics have thus become and are
gladly recognized by the people of the United States
with all their just claims and pretensions of separate
sovereignty, fraternal republics, and political allies.
To the people of the United States the universal
acceptance of republicanism is necessary, and hapily
it is no less necessary for every nation and people
on the continent. Who will show me how repub-
licanism can be extended over the continent upon
any ofher principle or under any other system than
these . If I forbear from dilating upon the influence
which North America and South America, with all
their archipelagoes, firmly established and frater-
nally living under republican institutions, must put
forth and will put forth in advancing civilization
throughout the world, it is because I have already
said enough to show that loyalty and patriotism on
the part of a citizen of our American Itepublic is,
in my judgment, not only consistent, but congenial
with the best wishes for the welfare, prosperity, and
happmess^of all other American republics. I give
you, gentlemen, the health of President Benito
Juarez, a name indissolubly associated with the
