1530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
enrolled bills signed.
The message farther announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1534) to authorize the
construction of a fire-proof building at Albany,
New York; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1549) for the relief of
Jacob H. Ela.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 5th
instant, approved and signed the following
acts:
An act (S. No. 583) for the relief of Lucas,
O'Brien, Dickinson, and other counties in the
State of Iowa;
An act (S. No. 570) transferring certain
powers and duties to the Department of Jus-
tice, and providing a seal therefor ; and
An act (S. No. G44) amending the act
approved July 27,1868, entitled "An act relat-
ing to pensions."
central pacific railroad.
Mr. COLE I crave the indulgence of the
Senator from Wisconsin who is entitled to the
floor [Mr. IIonve] to present a very lengthy
telegraphic communication which lias been
placed in my hands since one o'clock, from
the Chamber of Commerce of the eiiy of San
Francisco. It relates to a hill now pending in
the House of Representatives, to grant some
privilege on Goat Island, in the harbor of San
Francisco, to the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. As the matter is not now before the
Senate, I move that the communication be |
printed and laid on the table. j
The motion was agreed to. |
iiousb bills referred. !
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below :
The bill (H. ft. No. 1654) making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and
for former years, and for other purposes—to
the Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. It. No. 1782) in relation to
bounties—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 18C2) authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to make certain nego-
tiations with the Ute Indians in Colorado—to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The bill (H. K. No. 1271) to amend an act
entitled "An act granting a pension to Phoebe
Sofield, widow of Lewis Sofield"—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
The bill (H. R. No. 1424) to reimburse
John E. Woodward for certain moneys paid
by him; the bill (H. R. No. 18G4) to extend
the provisions of the act of April 10, A. D.
1860, entitled " An act to amend tlie judicial
system of the United States;" the bill (H. R.
No. 1865) for the relief of the sureties of
James T. Miller, late collector and depositary
at Wilmington, North Carolina ; the bill (H.
R. No. 1866) for the relief of Mrs. Frances
A. McKinney ; the bill (II. R. No. 1867)
for the relief of James T. Johnston ; and the
bill (II. R. No. 1868) for the relief of Elias C.
Boudinot—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (II. R. No. 1060) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, aud
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, the question being on concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, inserting the following clause on page
62, after line fifteen hundred and twenty-one:
To enable the President of the United States to
perfect and put in foree such rules regulating the
civil scrvice as may from time to time he adopted by
him, SSO.OOO.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I propose to
vote against the pending amendment; but as
that vote would not very intelligently repre-
sent my ideas on the subject of civil service
reform, I desire, so far as I am able, to give
expression to those opinions.
If the time has really come when the country
is prepared seriously to consider the condition
of its civil service, and to make an honest
effort for its improvement, I desire to contrib-
ute my mite to the discussion. Whether that
service is the best in the world, as asserted by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] or
the worst, as proclaimed by the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] is a question 1 will
not stop to debate. For the interests of the
service itself, I would rather the country
should believe it the worst. We might, in that
case, hope for more united and earnest effort
for its reform. For the interests of the Repub-
lican party to which I belong, and especially
for the interests of the Senator from Illinois,
I should hope a candid examination of the
condition of that service would show it to
be not quite so desperate as he represents.
For whether its abuses be greater or less, the
Republican party, and not President Grant,
is responsible for them. Let no Republican
forget that. We may he quite sure no Demo-
crat will forget it.
To some of us those may seein to have been
happy days when the high priest could "lay
both of his hands upon the head of the live
goat and confess over him all the iniquities
of the children of Israel and all their trans-
gressions in all their sins, putting them upon
the head of the goat," and then could "send
him away by the hand of a fit man into the
wilderness." But those days are not for us.
We cannot lay the sins of our civil service"
upon the head of General Grant. Nor, if we
could, do I yet quite discover the priest who
is to dispatch him into the wilderness. It
requires no investigation to inform us that
all the evils of our present civil service arise
either from the laws which regulate it or from
the persons who administer it. The men who
now and for many jears have administered
that service are in place under the sanction
of the Republican party. President Grant
has, to be sure, for something less than three
years past, made the nominations for the prin-
cipal offices in our service; but we know that
even in making nominations he has been-for
the most part guided by Republican coun-
sels, not to say Republican solicitations. In
a few individual cases no doubt the President
has nominated upon his own personal knowl-
edge, and therefore upon his own responsi-
bility.
But whether the administrators of our civil
service were nominated upon the responsibility
of the President or not, they were confirmed by
the Senate acting on its own responsibility.
If the President has nominated bad men, the
Senate has confirmed bad men. To all tho
guilt the President has incurred by his ap-
pointments, he it much or little, the Senate is
cleaily accessory. It is not improbable that
some of the sprightliest of us may secure par-
dons by turning State's evidence. It is quite
possible that some of these penitential Repub-
licans who are now confessing the crimes of
Republicanism most clamorously may escape
the penitentiary thereby; but of one thing we
may be sure, that no amount of self-objurga-
tion will enshrine any one of us in the White
House.
I am not deaf to these shouts of applause
which greet each successive chapter of this new
Book of Lamentations, now running through
the press. Rut we need not be deceived by
them. Louder plaudits than any we hear
greeted the monstrous fictions of those recu-
sant Jesuits who, two hundred years ago, stood
forth to destroy a great political party by charg-
ing it with the popish plot.
Not even the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Scitirnz,] with all his rare gifts, has even ap-
proached the height of that wonderful popu-
larity which for a time buoyed up Titus Gates.
Multitudes uncovered their heads in the streets
whenever he appeared. A large pension was
voted him by Parliament. Rooms in the palace
of Whitehall were prepared for his occupation.
But for the very perjuries which secured to
Titus Oates these unusual honors he was
afterward compelled to stand in the pillory
and to be whipped at the cart's tail.
I hope, therefore, that while we kneel before
the altars of Democracy to confess the delin-
quencies of those who have been called to
administer our civil service, we shall remem-
ber not only that we are making confession of
the sins of the Republican party, but, admon-
ished by the unhappy experiences of Mr. Titus
Oates, we shall be content with the confession
of actual sins, and not in our zeal for absolu-
tion gush with the recital of purely fictitious
ones. Calumny may for a time be applauded,
but in the end it is sure to be condemned.
For such evils as spring from the laws regu-
lating our civil service of course the legisla-
tive and not the executive department of the
Government must be held responsible. If the
laws are not what they ought to be, Congress
should amend them; the President cannot.
And for all such evils, I must add, no one man
has incurred so heavy responsibility as the
honorable Senator from Illinois. The reasons
are ohvious. For many years before he took
his seat in the Senate he was a distinguished
member of that profession whose especial
business it is to know the laws. There is but
one member of this body who is his senior in
senatorial service. And more than all, for the
last eleven years he has stood at the head of
the "Judiciary Committee, whose leading pie-
rogative it is to consider defects in the legisla-
tion of the country and to propose the remedy
for them. If we shall succeed in convincing
the country that it is suffering through defect-
ive laws, the country will be apt to inquire of
the Senator from Illinois why, with all his
opportunities for knowing these defects and
all his powers for removing them, he has not
repaired them.
For these reasons, among others, I should
be glad if it, could be made to appear that the
condition of our civil service is not so very
desperate as the Senator from Illinois repre-
sents it.
But I speak to-day noton behalf of the Sen
ator from Illinois, nor on behalf of the Repub-
lican party, but on behalf of our civil service.
I readily agi'ee that the condition of that service
is much worse than it ought to be. 1 agree
that it may be reformed. 1 insist that it must
be reformed. The great question is, how can
it be reformed? Two plans have been pro-
posed. The Senator from Illinois proposed
one in the last Congress. He proposed simply
to declare it a penal offense for a member of
Congress to advise the President touching an
appointment to office. Another plan proposed
by several is to strain the public into official
places by means of a competitive^ examina-
tion. One of the modifications of this last plan
we are informed is already in operation. I speak
it with great diffidence, but lam obliged to say
that in my judgment we cannot expect any
substantial improvement in our civil service
from either of these expedients.
It is impossible that the President would
make better selections when deprived of the
advice of the Representatives of those great
States. Undoubtedly a member of Congress
sometimes gives bad advice. So would the
President receive plenty of bad advice if he
never spoke to a member of Congress. Let
it be conceded that knaves and fools some-
times get into Congress. The melancholy fact
remains that there are a great many knaves
and fools who do not get into Congress. Let
it be conceded that a member of Congress may
sometimes urge an appointment with a view
of keeping in Congress rather than of pro-
moting the public good. Who can absolutely
