3322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May li;
ing in Alabama, with their application ten
days before the election takes place. Does
not every one see the inconvenience of that?
If you propose to pass a law that is to have
any practical effect you must adopt such ma-
chinery as can be used; and I assume that
either of the district judges in Texas—they
have two there now, one of whom has just
been appointed in his district—if applied to
by the citizens of any precinct in that State
would appoint proper persons, and would be
quite as likely to appoint proper persons as
Judge Woods would be up in Alabama, who
would only know what was told him by the
applicants. He could have no personal knowl-
edge of the different precincts. Just so in
Florida ; just so in the Stale of Tennessee.
The State of Tennessee and the State of
Michigan are both in the same judicial cir-
cuit. Now, away up, if you please, on the
mountains of Tennessee, at, Chattanooga, or at
Knoxville, where Judge Emmons never goes,
never holds a court, and where he knows
nobody, it is thought by the citizens ten days
prior to the election that it will be proper that
they should apply to have these two officers
appointed by the United States to supervise
the election of Congressmen. How are they
going to get it done? They must go to Detroit
and make the application. It seems to me
this would be an inconvenience that would
render the law almost nugatory when you come
to extend it to all the precincts of the country ;
and so it. seemed to me, and so it seemed to
the committee, because the committee so re-
ported the bill, you should allow the district
judges to make these appointments. There is
something about it that we do not understand.
What is it? Is there a distrust of some dis-
trict, judge ; and if so, who is it?
Mr. K12LLOGU. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to inquire from
what committee the original law, the law to
which the pending bill is an amendment, was
reported?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it came from
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. KKLLOUG. 1 see that the original
law is precisely like the second section as it
stands now without the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Illinois, and I was in-
formed by a member hearing it discussed
very much in the Senate that it was regarded
as a masterpiece of ingenuity, and not pre-
pared with a view to the predilections or
interest of any party. It was declared, 1
believe, to be fairly drawn, and was universally
conceded to 1st: diawn with a great deal of
fairness and legal acumen, and with a great
deal of care.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know who
drafted the bill; but if the'Seimtor had been
noticing my remarks be would have observed
that I had stated that that law only applied
to cities of twenty thousand inhabitants and
upward, of which there a,re but few in a judi-
cial circuit, and the judge of the circuit court
could better supervise the few cities in his
circuit than he can all the precincts through
half a dozen States; and while the circuit
judge might perforin this duty for cities of
twenty thousand inhabitants, it would be much
more difficult to perforin it for a thousand pre-
cincts, and there will be at, least that number,
and probably five thousand m some of the
circuits. I supposed the Senator from Louis-
iana would have been able to see that, distinc-
tion without calling iny attention to the ori-
ginal law as militating at all against the obser-
vations I was making.
Now, Mr. President, I suppose there must
be somewhere, but I do not know who it is,
some judge whom it is supposed it will not
do to trust to appoint these persons—I do not
know what else this can amount to—and who
that judge is I do not, know. I presume this
law is supposed to be chiefly desirable in the
southern States, where all the judges have been
appointed within a few years. I have no idea
that in the State of Illinois anybody will apply
to a judge to have any one appointed. I do
not suppose they will in the State of Indiana.
We have never had any such officers appointed
in my State hitherto, and I trust there will be
no necessity for it. The elections in the State
of Illinois, so far as I know or believe, have
been fair elections. I do not mean to say that
an illegal vote was never cast. Probably in
half a million votes there would be more or
less illegal votes east; but that there ever
were any considerable frauds practiced at the
elections in my State I do not believe, or any
frauds that these supervisors appointed by the
judge of the court would have prevented.
So that this law is to have its application
I suppose chiefly in the southern States.
Throughout the northern States, except in
some of the large cities like New York or
Philadelphia, I suppose it will have no
practical operation whatever.
In the South who are your district judges?
They have all been appointed within a few
years, most of them by the present Adminis-
tration or by that of Mr. Lincoln. Mr. Lin-
coln appointed the judges originally in all the
southern States nearly. The old judges went
out, as we know, by the war, and as soon as
we got possession of those States, one of the
first things done was to reestablish the courts,
and Senators will remember that at an early
day, as soon as we got possession, the then
President, Mr. Lincoln, appointed judges in
nearly all these southern States. He did so in
Louisiana, in Mississippi, in Alabama, South
Carolina, Florida, and most of the judges who
were appointed by Mr. Lincoln are holding
office now. There have been some few ap-
pointments made by the present Administra-
tion. I do not know that any of these judges
are unfit to exercise such a power as is pro-
posed to bo exercised here ; and it certainly
would be more convenient, and itseeins to me
more appropriate, if the law is to have any
effect at all, that we should so frame it as to
make it practical in its application, and I think
the committee viewed it in that light. Of
course they did, or they would not have re-
ported the bill in that way. I am sorry the
Senator from Indiana thinks it better now to
change^ it. However, it is for the Senate to
determine.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to waste
the time of the Senate, but we considered this
matter_ I think very fully in the Judiciary
Committee a year or two ago, and reported
the bill giving this power of appointment to
the circuit judges upon consideration as being
that body of men who would be most removed
from the intensity of local politics in any par-
ticular State or town whete the district judges
happened to live, and would be therefore more
fair and impartial persons to act independently
and rightly upon such subjects ; and I thought
that provision had the approval of ray friend
from Illinois.
1 have looked through the Globe containing
the Senate proceedings on that bill of 1871,
which I believe was the first one that con-
tained this supervising provision asit is called,
and 1 find that no Senator on either side of
the Chamber made any criticism or objection
to the bill as reported from the Judiciary
Committee providing that this function should
be performed by the circuit judges and not by
the district judges. The bill was vigorously
discussed in all its sections except this par-
ticular one, which seems to have passed by gen-
eral consent, as far as the hasty examination
of the Globe that I have been able to make
shows. All the other sections of the bill
underwent the most searching criticism, and
many of them opposition. So that the whole
bill was brought under the most careful scru-
tiny, and, so far as I cau find, no Senator
raised his voice to make the least objection to
the way in which the committee had reported
the bill in respect to this subject of the func-
tion to be performed by the circuit judges
rather than by the district judges ; and so the
bill passed.
Now, it has been found by experience that
the bill has worked great benefits to the peo-
ple, not by Federal interference with the rights
of the people of the States as such, but by the
just operation of law under the Constitution
upon the people by the government of the
people in respect to those topics in which the
Constitution declares this government of the
people, and not the State government, may
make regulations if it chooses.
Mr. NORWOOD. If the honorable Sena-
tor will pardon me a moment, was not the bill
he refers to limited to cities with a population
of twenty thousand ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; that is the only
law there is on the subject, except this one of
course.
Mr. NORWOOD. And this bill applies to
every precinct in the country. Does not the
Senator see the vast difference between the
powers that would be exercised by the circuit
judges then and the powers that are to be
exercised now, when, instead of its being
limited to cities having a population of over
twenty thousand, it goes into every precinct,
however small and however distant?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; I do see a vast
numerical difference, but the difference is not
one of principle. You might as well argue if
it is right for a circuit judge to try one cause
when there were twenty to be tried he would
not be a competent man to try those, as to
argue that the circuit judge is unfit to perform
this duty.
The ground upon which the committee se-
lected the circuit judge to perform this duty I
have stated, and i will restate it; and that is,
that he stood before the respective communi-
ties over which he was to exercise functions
as a man who would be more likely to be free
from local prejudice aud influence than the
district judge, whose operations were confined
to a narrower limit, and who, it might be sup-
posed in some cases, would bo more likely to
be influenced by partisan considerations than
the judge of the wider jurisdiction and greater
territorial scope. That, was the ground upon
which these judges were selected ; not, upon
the question of how much work they would
have to do; not upon the question of how much
information they would have to obtain, but
upon the broad principle of selecting the best
agents to exercise the functions of jurispru-
dence under the Constitution and the laws.
That was it; and that being it,, I repeat, I am
safe in saying it, I am sure, for I have gone
through the proceedings, no Senator thought
it right to make the leastcriticism or objection
upon that ground. It, went so far as that sec-
tion goes, through the Senate by unanimou's
consent. I do not mean that the bill went
through by unanimous consent. Almost all
of its sections were vigorously opposed and
criticised ; but so far as this section and this
particular thing we are now speaking of was
concerned, it met with the approval of every-
body, if you are to assume that there is ap-
proval by everybody from discussing and op-
posing almost everything else and not dis-
cussing and opposing this.
Mr. THURMAN. Of what bill does the
Senator speak ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I speak of the bill of 1871
which, as I understand it, first contained this
provision about having two persons, one of
each political party, to attend the polls aud see
what went on.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator will recol-
lect that was limited to cities and towns of
twenty thousand and upward.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So I do recollect. That
has just been stated by the Senator from
