634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
The question recurred on ordering the yeas
and nays on concurring m the amendment of
the committee striking out the second section
of the bill, and being put there were—ayes 12;
not a sufficient number.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, asked for tellers
on ordering the yeas and nays.
On the question of ordering tellers there
were—ayes twenty-two, not one fifth of a
quorum.
So tellers were refused, the yeas and nays
were refused, and the House concurred in the
amendment of the committee striking out the
section.
No separate vote was demanded on any of
the other amendments made by the committee,
and they were concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to bo
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSION APMtOPltlATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. Thebill (II. R. No.1071)
making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending June 30, 1873, has also
been reported by the Committee of the Whole,
with two amendments, which the Oleik will
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In lino twenty-niiio, after tho word "one," insert
" and all other pensions provided by law."
In lino forty-five mako the same amendment.
The amendments were concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GAliFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
children of j. k. martin.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a hill (II. R. No. 1212J
for the relief of Thomas C. Martin, Emilia E.
Martin, Jane 0. Martin, and Leonor Martin,
children of J. E. Martin, deceased ; whieh was
read a first and second time, recommitted to
the saroecommittee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by'Which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIIINAMEN IN CUBA.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution:
limolned, That the President be requested to fur-
nish this House, if not incompa.tiblo with tho public
interest, all information in possession of tho State
Department relative to tho reindentaro or reon-
slavement of Chinamen in the island of Cuba, by
decrees lately issued by Captain General Valmnseda,
and what action if any has been taken by tho Exec-
utive to prevent tho extension of human slavery
contemplated by such decrees.
Mr. WILLARD. I shall object to that reso-
lution unless it be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. COX. 1 have no objection to its being
referred.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
SURVEY OP INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
The SPEAKER, bynnanitnous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting an estimate of appropria-
tion for the survey of Indian reservations;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
GEORGE W. BALLOCII.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to George W. Ballocb,
late a disbursing agent of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House,
the session of to-morrow will be devoted ex-
clusively to debate as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, no business
whatever to be transacted, and the gentleman
from Iowa, Mr. Palmer, will occupy the chair
as Speaker pro tempore.
The question was taken upon Mr. Conger's
motion, and it was agreed to: and the House
(at three o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
PETITIONS ETC.
The following petitions, &c.,were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BCJFFINTON: The memorial of
J. H. Demison &Co. and 23 others, ship-owners
and masters, residents of New Bedford, Mas-
sachusetts, praying the improvement of the
harbor at New Castle, Delaware.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of Colonel Thomas H. Reese, of Ten-
nessee.
By Mr. PAR WELL: The petition of Chicago
letter-carriers, for increase of salary.
By Mr. FORKER: The petition of A. J.
Drake, president of the board of New Jersey
pilot commissioners, and others, citizens of
Monmouth county, for the removal of obstruc-
tions from the harbor of Keyport, New Jersey.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Oluo: A petition
for a pension to the minor child of Peter J.
Blanchard.
By Mr. GETZ: Three remonstrances, signed
by 107 iron-workers in the Monocaey blast-
furnace, Berks county, Pennsylvania, against
any changes in the existing tariff laws abol-
ishing or leducing the duties upon such man-
ufactures as are successfully produced in this
country, and praying the repeal of all duties
on tea, coffee, and such other necessaries
of life as cannot be produced in the United
States.
By Mr. HAYS: The memorial of citizens of
Sumter county, Alabama, praying the refund-
ing of the tax on eottou.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of Allen Rey-
nolds & Co. and others, of Paterson, New
Jersey, asking a uniform tax of sixteen cents
per pound on all descriptions of manufactured
tobacco.
Also, the petition of Joseph P. Cooper and
others, of New Jersey and New York, asking
the repeal of tho tax on savings institutions.
By Mr. HOLMAN : The petition of Samuel
Miles, Allen T. Rose, Sarah Boliti, and 10
others, pensioners of Indiana, praying that a
bill be passed providing for the payment of
pensions by postmasters.
By Mr. MAYNARD : Two petitions of the
workers in the copper mines and smelters o£
Ducktown, Tennessee, protesting against the
reduction of the tariff.
By Mr. McHENRY: The memorial of Wil-
liam L. Berry, praying compensation for loss
sustained by the burning of a distillery.
By Mr. McNEBLY: The petition of E. H.
Curtis and others, asking an increase of the
tariff on imported cigars.
Uy Mr. MERCUR: The petition of Eli
Sherwood and 50 others, workers in the Na-
tional Iron Company's works and citizens of
Danville, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
a reduction of duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country, and for
the repeal of all duties upon tea, coffee, and
other articles of necessity or comfort that can-
not be produced in the United States.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Martha
G. Rudolph, for a pension.
By Mr. ROGERS : Two remonstrances and
peti'ions of Sable iron-workers and citizens
of Jay and Black Brook, sixteenth congres-
sional districtofNewYork, againstany change
in the tariff laws abating or abolishing the
duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country.
Also, a petition for repeal of duties on tea,
coffee, and other necessaries of life.
Also, the petition of Margaret Slater, for
arrears of pension.
By Mr. WALLACE : The memorial of the
Legislature of South Carolina, requesting the
members from that State to support Mr. Sum-
ner's civil rights bill.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio : The petition of
Joseph Mauck and 9 oth.-rs, citizens of Gallia
county. Ohio, praying tariff reform.
By'Mr. WINCHESTER: The petition of
Burgman & Gray, asking additional compen-
sat'on for carrying the mail.
Also, the petition of the mayor and engin-
eer of the city of Louisville, asking the pay-
ment of the claim of that city against the Uni-
ted Slates for street improvements in front of
the United States marine hospital.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 27, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Palmer
in the chair.) The House meets to-day as in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for debate only, no business of any kind
to be transacted.
message from the sknate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Sympson,
one of their clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed the following concurrent
resolution, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
llexolved by the Senate, (the IIouso of Represent-
atives concumiifr,) That each House of Congress
shall be adjourned sine die by tho Presiding Officer
thereof on Wednesday, tho 29th of May, 1872, at
twelve o'clock m.
postal telegraph.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, when the Forty-
First Congress adjourned without taking action
on the reports made by the select Committee
on the Postal Telegraph, especially when after
months of careful consideration of the volum-
inous evidence and elaborate arguments on all
sides, neither the advocates of the one view
nor the other presented by the billsattached to
the several reports ventured to bring them up
for consideration, and more especially when
neither the President nor the Postmaster Gen-
eral made any suggestions when this Congress
met on the 4th of March last, indicating a
desire to take governmental control of the
telegraph, I thought the whole scheme was
abandoned, and I had therefore dismissed the
subject. 1 was a member of that select com-
mittee, and as such opposed both the plans
submitted and recommended in the majority
and minority reports. My understanding was
that the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who was also a mem-
ber of the committee, did not fully indorse
either report, and while I did not think it neces-
sary to make a written report against both
plans, I felt confident that by a full presenta-
tion of our objections to each orally before the
House from our respective stand-points, both
could be defeated.
I may be mistaken as to the views enter-
tained by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
as we had no conference on the subject, 1
only state my impression of his position. I sup-
pose that he wanted something done without
being fully satisfied as to what was best to
