1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3323
Georgia ; but I should like to know where
the difference in principle and in justice is be-
tween allowing the circuit judge to exercise
this function over a city of twenty thousand and
over one of ten thousand inhabitants ?
M. THURMAN. if the Senator wants an
answer I will give it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do.
Mr. THURMAN. It is a question of capa-
ritv to make a good appointment.
■ Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly.
Mr. THURMAN. And it might well be
that the circuit judge would have more knowl-
edge in regard to the very few cities and
towns in his circuit of twenty thousand inhab-
itants than he would of every election precinct
in a whole congressional district, and in fact
in the whole of five States.
•Mr. EDMUNDS. Undoubtedly ; and so of
a district judge. Every judge no doubt, if he
is a human being, has more knowledge of the
town where he happens to live, or of a few
towns, if those towns are first selected and
pointed out to him, and time is given to him to
study them up, than he has of many; that is
to say, it is somewhat easier to know a little
than it is to know a great deal.
Now. then, I say as the reason why the
circuit judge was selected was upon the prin-
ciple that he stood more impartial and inde-
pendent of influence than the district judge to
exercise this responsible function. It is no
argument against its exercise that you are to
extend the territorial or numerical extent of
the objects over which it is to be exercised. If
Senators can make out that it will not be pos-
sible for the circuit judge, within the time that
he has, to perform this duty, and therefore the
law will fail of execution upon the ground
that it is impossible for any one to do what it
requires, that would be a forcible argument ;
but no man can make that out. The circuit
judge attends every circuit court in the dis-
trict; and every circuit court in the district
is held just where and at the same time the
district court is, and therefore the circuit
judge is just as apt to know and just as likely
to know who are the most reputable and
responsible citizens in the various localities
attending as parties, witnesses, jurors, grand
jurors, and all that, as the district judge is.
I cannot help suspecting—I know it is a lit-
tle invidious to suspect—that some how and
in some way there is something more in
this objection than has been stated, and that
it might be found in some district in some
State—and I can think of one where a judge
has been brought under reproach; I have
110 right to say just reproach, and I do not say
it—it might be found in some district and in
some State extremely convenient for some
party or other, (probably the Republican party,
because that has to bear all the sins) to have a.
district judges elect some people to make this
observation rather than the circuit judge. But
of course I do not say that. I know no Senator
would have any such motive; but Senators
are sometimes talked to by people who con-
ceal their motives, and I suspect that is the
motive.
But, Mr. President, I have taken more time
in pointing out to the Senate the solid prin-
ciple upon which this original proposition
rests than I ought to have done. I hope we
shall adhere to it.
Mr. NORWOOD. The honorable Senator
from Vermont bases his view of the question
simply upon the ground of principle, that the
bill proceeds upon the principle that a circuit
judge is purer than a district judge. We do
not look upon our judges in the South in that
way. We look upon them all as honorable
tten. We are not afraid, so far as their action
js concerned, to intrust this matter in the
hands of either one or the other. If the hon-
orable Senator thinks that one United States
judge is a more nonorable man than another,
and therefore that he would rather commit
the operation of this bill to him or the carry-
ing of it into effect, very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator can state
his own views; but if he thinks he is stating
me, he entirely misstates me. I have neither
said nor intimated any such thing.
Mr. NORWOOD. Then if the honorable
Senator does not intimate anything of that
kind, what becomes of the principle that is in-
volved iu this matter? He says one would be
more moved from political influences than the
other, because he is a circuit judge. Does
not that imply that the district judge is not so
capable as the circuit judge, because he comes
within those political influences? Is it not a
direct imputation upon the district judge that
he would not be so fair as the circuit judge in
carrying this bill into effect ? There can be no
other construction, let the honorable Senator
disclaim it as he may, to be put upon his lan-
guage than that.
But, sir, it is not a question of principle;
it is a question of practical operation simply.
What are we seeking to do? I assume that
all Senators who are in favor of this bill desire
a fair' election. Then if they desire a fair elec-
tion, they desire the bill to go into fair opera-
tion ; they desire the end to be secured that
they are aiming at; and what is that ? That
certain supervisors shall be appointed by these
judges. Why are the judges nominated to
appoint these supervisors ? Simply because
they are United States judges ? No, sir; but
because they are presumed to know from their
location what they will be doing. Otherwise
you might as well give the appointment to the
Chief Justice of the United States Supreme
Court. He could do it just as well as any of
the rest if you give him ample time ; but they
are presumed Irom their localities to know the
parties whom they will appoint. Therefore,
it is not a question of principle, but it is a
question simply of practical operation.
How will this bill operate if it goes into
effeet? Take the illustration given by the
Senator from Illinois, the case of J udge Woods.
His circuit extends from the Savannah river
to the western boundary of Texas, a distance
of considerably over a thousand miles, prob-
ably fifteen hundred miles. He has been
presiding in that circuit now between two and
three years only. His time has been occupied
in holding courts. I think it lair to assume
that Judge Woods to day does not know one
man in Georgia where Judge Erskine knows
live hundred. And so of the other States.
Judge Busteed, ol Alabama; Judge Sili, of
Mississippi; and Judge Durrell, ol Louisiana,
know more men of both parties in their States,
one hundred to one, than J udge Woods.
Now, then, it is a question of practical
operation. If you want this bill to have a fair
operation in this election, let the supervisors be
selected by the judges who know the men whom
they are selecting, and not let it depend, as the
Senator from Ohio said, upon the presentation
of the parties who come and make the applica-
tion for the appointment of these supervisors,
who will be in effect the appointing power
of these parties and not the judge. _
Now, look at the time that is limited for
the operation of this bill; the time for this
j udge to act in. Within ten days he shall open
this court. He is not required by the bill to
open his court within any time longer than
ten days prior to the registration or the elec-
tion, and therefore, unless he sees fit to do it
he need not do it, though the application may
be made before that time. Judge Woods,
therefore, will open his court in Alabama ten
days prior to the election of next November,
and he is then to appoint thousands and
thousands of supervisors from Georgia to
Texas within those ten days. Now, suppose
Judge Woods, (and that would be the case,
for I know him to be an honorable man,)
should appoint with all the caution possible,
what precautionary measures can be adopted to
prevent an imposition upon him in the appli-
cations that will be made to him to appoint
these supervisors ? Can he write from Alabama
to Texas within ten days and get information
as to who these parties are and then change
his appointments, or make his appointments
after he gets his information and then the
appointees receive their appointment in Texas
in time to hold the election? The proposition
simply amounts to an absurdity ; I say it with
all respect. It is utterly impossible, therefore,
in its practical working, for this bill to accom-
plish any good, and in this view of the1 ques-
tion alone do I think the Senate ought to act.
Hence it is not a question of principle at all,
but it is a question aa to whether the bill in its
operation will have any good effect.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Vermont has come somewhat late
into the 'fray, very much astonished as well as
exceedingly suspicious. I will first refer to
his astonishment.
He is astonished that objections now should
be made to investing the appointment of eight,
ten, or twelve thousand officers of election all
over the country, in nine circuit judges, and
that arguments should be made in favor of
giving that extraordinary power to sixty or
seventy district judges. The source of his
astonishment is that when the biil to which
the present measure is proposed as an amend-
ment was passing through the Senate, no
objection was made by the opponents of the
bill to giving the power of appointment to the
circuit judges. It would seem, too, that he
has been looking through the Globe in order
to make certain of what he said. Did his
researches enable him to refresh his memory
as to the character of the measure—I speak
now of both measures, the bill of 1870 and
the bill of 1871—and as to the circumstauces
under which they were introduced into this
body and put through?
Sir, he knows just as well as anybody in the
Senate, and perhaps a great deal better than
most, what were the features of those bills,
of each of them and of both of them, against
which the main opposition was presented.
He knows (whether we were right or wrong)
that we opposed each of those bills upon
grounds of such magnitude as to make the
question of the power which should appoint
these supervisors utterly insignificant by com-
parison, utterly immaterial as to whether it
was reposed in the circuit or in the district
judges.
Sir, we dealt with those bills as bills that
struck down, at a blow, the whole power of
the State over its own elections; as bills that
put it into the power of the Administration
party of this country to destroy at its will to
any extent or to the whole extent, the free-
dom of election in the States. Does he not
know that our judgment was that each of
those bills was filled not only with uncon-
stitutional, but with odious and oppressive
details? Does he remember the objection
that was made to the original bill, and never
attempted to be answered, that it put it into
the power of any man, though he were a con-
vict who had just come out of State's prison
after serving his time, upon an ex parte affi-
davit., to break up the election at any poll in
the country? Does he remember that that
bill contained a provision enabling the Presi-
dent to appoint any number of deputy com-
manders-in-chief ol the Army and Navy to
use the Army and Navy with the same power
and the same freedom with which he could use
them? T
Why, sir, it was a bill as we regarded it_ l
speak of each of them—filled from the first
line to the last, almost, with_ such provisions
as it seemed to us impossible the So"™®
could ever adopt. When we had to deal with
causes of complaint so pressing and so grave,
it would have been the height of folly in us
to pause by the way to discuss whether ttie
