1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1531
know that men outside would never advise an
appointment with a view of getting into Con-
gress rather than of promoting the public
good? The President must be advised by
someone. Let him be advised by all. Exclude
no one from his presence. Let Representative
and constituent approach him freely. We
know there is not absolute safety in such a
multitude of counselors, but to my mind it is
very manifest that we should not increase the
security by reducing the number of his coun-
selors.
Nor am I yet persuaded t.hat the public
security is to be increased or the public service
improved by the system of competitive exam-
inations. Of the two plans of reform, I should !
have the most hope, or rather should have the
least fear, of the first. The first is least ex-
pensive. And although it does not seem to
me possible that either can do auy good, I am
quite confident the first would do the least
harm. The first plan excludes from the coun-
sels of the President only the few individuals
who happen to be members of Congress. If
they are excluded, the President could still
consult all the rest of the nation. But the
competitive system excludes from his coun-
sels the whole nation except the three, five,
or nine individuals who may compose the
examining board.
This plan seems to me illogical. It assumes
that the President, with the people to consult,
cannot be trusted to select a postmaster, and
yet that we can depend upon his selecting an
examining board of such immaculate purity
as that virtue and intelligence will alone gravi-
tate to it as unerringly as steel dust flies to the
loadstone—as if a man who cannot compose a
verse of poetry should be employed to con-
struct a machine which can compose an Iliad.
The plan seems to me illusory. I do not see
how it is possible to secure a healthy civil
service merely by putting the appointing power
under guardians, and leaving the power to
remove unfettered. When your examining
board has coerced a weak or bad President into
making a good appointment, despite his own
inclinations, and despite the clamors of
reckless Representatives,what power shall keep
the gwod man in place when the control is
removed, and the same influences clamor for
his removal ?
The plan seems to me delusory. Thequali-
fications for all public trusts are capacity,
industry, and integrity. Examination can test
capacity of a certain sort. It cannot detect
the other and more indispensable qualities of
industry and integrity. That is confessed.
Therefore the plan remits the candidate to
probation for the test of those qualities. But
probation would demonstrate capacity in far
less time and with far more accuracy than it
could detect the other qualities. Why not trust
to probation to settle the whole question?
The plan seems to me revolutionary, It
strips from President and people the high
prerogative of controlling the public service,
• and enthrones a committee in their stead.
The plan seems to me unconstitutional. The
Constitution has delegated the power of ap-
pointment to the President and Senate, to the
President alone or to the heads of Depart-
ments. The Constitution gives the nation to
choose from. The competitive plan compels
the appointing power to fill every office from a
list ot those persons designated by a tribunal
unknown to the Constitution as the best three.
The plan seems to me preposterous, not to
say presumptuous. It assumes that a com-
mittee of five mortals can determine by a liter-
ary examination which out of forty million
people are the best three men to fill a vacant
Auditorship or a vacant clerkship. On the
contrary, common observation and common
sense declare that among those millions there
are thousands between whom a committee of
angels could not determine which was best or
which was least fitted ; from whom, if Omnis-
cience Himself was to make the selection, He
would not attempt to select the most capable
and the most faithful, but, content to know
that all were capable and all faithful, would
give the preference to him whom misfortune
had visited most heavily, and so was left most
needy, or to him who, iti some great national
conflict, had challenged the world's admira-
tion by his daring, and his country's gratitude
by exhibiting that daring in lier cause and not
in the cause of her enemies: cr to him, possibly,
I do not hesitate to add, who, when he last went
to the polls, voted the Republican ticket and
not the Democratic ticket. For I a«n obliged to
confess I still adhere to the Republican party.
And what may be thought in ore singular in these
tunes is, I adhere to that party in the hope that
I may thereby give ii. some support, and not in
the hope that I may thereby the more fatally stab
it. And, standing in that attitude toward the
Republican party, I confess, if I had the power
of appointment, and if I found two men equally
qualified for assessor of internal revenue or
collector of customs, one of whom was a Re-
publican and the other a Democrat, I should
not feel very guilty if I preferred the former
to the latter. Undoubtedly we ought to love
our enemies. An old gospel requires that of
usall. I quite agree with it. I abjure altogether
that older dispensation which taught the world
to love their friends and hate their enemies.
But I do not yet quite accept this new gospel
of peace taught by "the patriotic Repub-
licans," and which requires us to love our
enemies and hate our friends !
But if the competitive system were perfectly
constitutional, rational, arid practical; if our
Presidents, who cannot be trusted to select
officers because of their affinity for knaves and
blockheads, could be relied on to select an
examining boa:d, who would expel incapacity
and infidelity from official circles as unerringly
as the risen sun expels darkness from the face
of nature, then we would have a service in
deed supplied by honesty and capacity. Then
our civil service would be improved by as
much as our officials now fall short of those
characteristics. - But even then statesmen
may well consider for a moment whether the
new system would not inaugurate evils quite
as great as those from wiiich it releases us. Jt
should be remembered that men will H slow
to come from a distance to pass the ordeal of
the competitive system.
All the States are now represented in the
bureaus of the capital. Tliey came here from
the shores of the Gulf and of the Pacific con-
fident of being able to establish their fitness
either by examination or probation. But what
citizen of Nebraska or Missouri will come
here for a clerkship or an auditorship when
he knows that his employment depends, not
upon his being able to demonstrate that he is
capable and honest., but upon his being able to
convince an examining board, of whom he
knows nothing, that he is one of the three
most capable and most honest men in the
United States; and not only must he con-
vince them of that fact, but must make them
certify to it. When the portals of the Execu-
tive Departments are guarded by such a Cer-
berus, is there not reason to believe that your
bureaus will soon come to be administered by
those found in the purlieus of Washington
and in the States adjacent to the District?
When that shall be the case, is there not dan-
ger that distant States will gradually lose their
confidence in and their affection for a Gov-
ernment in whose administration they have so
little share?
But this is not the whole exteut of the evil.
The plan contemplates filling many of the
offices in the States in the same way. _ Only one
of the three best men in the United States
can aspire to the post office in Bungtown it
the revenues of that post, office exceed $200
and do not exceed $1,000. Probably half
of the post offices in Wisconsin are of that
description. These offices have been regarded
as local. At any former period of our his-
tory that would have been regarded a bold
and a bad Administration which should have
made a citizen of one town postmaster in an
adjoining one. But when, under the behests
of the competitive system, postmasters are
exported from Pennsylvania to Iowa, upon the
pretext that citizens of the latter State, although
good men, yet do not appear to the examining
board to be the best, the competitive system
will hardly be expected to endear the Govern-
ment to the people of Iowa.
Nor do the evils stop here. The aim of
the competitive system is to secure perma-
nency to those holding subordinate positions
in the Government; not merely to give them
fixed terms, (which I think they ought to have,)
but to give them permanent tenures ; to make
civil administration a profession ; to introduce
into the body-politic a governing class! Is
such an end desirable ? Will not such a class
be an objectof perpetual jealousy to the people?
Will not one great bond of sympathy between
government and people be dissolved? Will
not the people distrust the Government the
more the less they know of the persons who
administer it? I merely suggest these ques-
tions. I shall not attempt to answer, much
less to argue them.
Civil service reform, as expounded by its
chief apostles, presents two quite contradictory
aspects. It demands permanent employment
for subordinate officers, and at the same time
a siugle and short term for the Chief Execu-
tive. The new play of Hamiet, to use a figure
recently employed on this floor, seems to be
a play of two acts. The first inculcates the
necessity of prohibiting the people from remov-
ing any one of the great mass ot administrative
officers, no matter how distasteful to them he
may become, unless they can impeach him for
positive misconduct, while the second act
teaches the necessity of prohibiting the same
people to reelect, a President, no matter how
popular he may be with them. It seems to me
one or the other of these theories must be
fallaciou?. I distrust them both.
I am not unmindful of the glowing and high-
colored picture sketched for us in the very
able report of the civil service commission, of
the beneficent results to flow from confiding
the work of administration to a limited and
permanent class, the professional pride which
will fire the class, the ambition which will
possess them to make of their calling a polit-
ical triumph. I doubt if that picture will ever
be realized. I am inclined to say I hope it
never will. However it may affect others, to
rnc it is not inspiring. I have no sympathy
with that style of statesmanship which rests
upon the fond faith of planting embryo men in
these $1,200 clerkships, and of seeing them
germinate under the tropical influence of the
assurance that if they live long and work hard
the best of them will, in progress of time, but
only as their associates grow old and die,
grow and expand successively into second
class, third, and finally into fourth-class clerk-
ships ; fed also by a hope, so faint that it seems
twin brother to despair, that, one in a thou-
sand oftheir number, by dint of that endurance
and long suffering which characterizes nothing
in nature unless it be the century plant, may
after the lapse of long and dreary years finally,
just before death snatches him from the scene,
blossom into an auditorship! Nor, sir, have
I more sympathy with that double-ender
sort of logic which would persuade us in one
lesson that you can only keep a clerk ablaze
with virtuous zeal by anchoring him to the
hope of a two-hundred-dollar promotion,
but that a President can be preserved in the
paths of official rectitude only by a constitu-
tional prohibition against any recognition
of his merits, no matter how transcendent,
they may be. is, then, no reform in our civil
service possible? Yes, sir, in my judgment
