1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
do. Nov/, after a delay of nearly a year, the
whole subject is revived. On the 22d day of
January, 1872, the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Ramsey] laid before the Senate of the
united States a report on this subject, the
opening paragraphs of which are as follows:
"The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred a bill to reduce the rates of
eoricspondcnco by telegraph and to connectthc tel-
egraph with the postal service, report:
"That the expediency of unitingthctelegraphand
postal service has been carefully considered at dif-
ferent tunes by the Post Office Department and by
committees of Congress.
" The late Postmaster General Randall, in a letter
to Congress recommended suchunion. The present
head of the Dcpartmcntconsiders it * by far the most
important, subject now inviting consideration in con-
nection with the transmission and interchange of
intelligence,' and that the utility of the postal tele-
graph for both Government and people has been
conclusively demonstrated. ThoPresident also rec-
ommended the 'favorable consideration of the plan
for uniting the telegraph system of the United States
with the postal system.' At the last Congress this
committee made a report, in which they said 'they
had duly considered the expediency of connecting
the telegraph with the postal service, and believe
the time has come for their union.' In the same
Congress a select committee of the House to whom
the subject was refeired, submitted two reports, both
urging the ncce^ityot the union, but differing in
regard to the mode.
" This unanimity of opinion among those who have
examined the subject and are qualified to form an
opinion will not be surprising upon a careful consid-
eration of the question."
Each of the statements as to the weight
which (lie recommendation ot'Postmaster Gen-
eral Randall and the lcports of the committees
of the Senate and House ought to have on the
question as now presented aie well calculated
to mislead. Postmaster General Randall's
recommendation was answered by a unani-
mous report of the Committee on the Post
Olfiee and Post Roads of the House of Rep-
resentatives, in which both ihe Washburn bill
and the Hubbard bili, being the only schemes
ever seriously urged were condemned. The
character of that report, No. '32, third session
of the Fortieth Congress, will be ascertained
from its opening sentence:
" The Committee on thePost Office and Postltoads,
to whom was referred a bill lor the construction
of a Government telegraph, under the direction of
the Post Office Department, between Now York
and Washington, (II. It. No. 1033.) with an accom-
panying paper preseutcd to tho House by Mr. H. B.
Washburne, entitled *Tne anion oft he Telegraph
and Postal System,'(Mis. Doc. No. 120 ;)also a 'let-
ter from the Postmaster General, transmitting a
report of G. G. Hubbard, esq., of Boston, relative
to the establishment of a, cheap system of postal
telegraph,' with ail accompanying bill to incor-
porate the United States Postal Telegraph Com-
pany, and to establish a postal telegraph system,
(Ex. Doe. No. 35,) being a substitute for jlouso bill
No. 1415, also before the committee; also a bill for
the construction of lines of telegraph between
Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and
Washington, under the direction of the Post Ofiiee
Department, (11.11. No. 1689,) being a substitute for
House bill No. 1504, also before the committee,
report:
"That they have carefully examined and consid-
ered the propositions contained in all the bills and
papers thus submitted to thcm, and have given
much time to the hearing of parties interested, tor
and ngainstsaid measures, respectively; and, ntter
very thorough consideration of and ample reflection
upon the whole subject, they are of opinion that
neither of said bills ought to rcccive the approba-
tion of Congress."
The report of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. FauiSSWOHTIi,] which is able and elabor-
ate, is entitled to carcful consideration ; it
settled the question against all the schemes
in the Fortieth Congress, the recommendation
of the Postmaster'General notwithstanding —
a circumstance the Senate committee do not
now think it worth while to call attention to
nor even to mention.
It is true, as the Senate committee say, that
they and the House select committee each re-
ported a postal telegraph bill to their respect-
ive Houses, but they forget to mention that
the Hubbard bill recommended by them then
and now was ignored by a large majority of
the House committee in its report, and is in
direct antagonism to the recommendation of
the present Postmaster General; and the fur
ther fact is overlooked that neither of them
ever ventured to lay either proposition before
either House for consideration. The fact that
th^re never was a majority of the select com-
mittee of the House in favor of either scheme
may not have been so well known to the Sen-
ate committee, yet the fact is undoubtedly so.
All these facts make their assertion, that there
was a unanimity of opinion among those who
have examined the subject and are qualified to
form an opinion,5' of but little value.
I see, too, that the distinguished gentleman
who was chairman of the select committee of
the last House (Hon. C. 0. Washburn, now
Governor of Wisconsin) has recently had the
following resolution passed by the lower branch
of the State Legislature :
Rcwloed by f7<e Assembly, (the sonato concur-
ring,) That the Senators and Representatives in
Congress assembled irom the State of Wisconsin
be respectfully requested to use their most etlicicnt
efforts to procure at an early day the passage of a
law providing for a connection with and adding to
the present post-ollice system a complete system
of telegraph, so as to bring within the reach and
means of ihe great massot people this most desir-
able means of communication."
This is in direct conflict with the report
of the Senate committee. The President, I
presume, certainly the Postmaster General,
opposes the Hubbard bill—I shall call it so
for convenience—recommended by the Senate
committee, and approve the Washburn bills,
which the House committee favored.
In addition to the action of the Senate com-
mittee the President, in his message to us on
the 4th of December, and the Postmaster Gen-
eral, in his repot t, have given the subject a
prominence it never had before; and as silence
might induce the committee to which the whole
subject has now been referred to believe that
oil the members of the late select committee
ugieed either to the report of the majority,
made by the chairman. Hon. 0. 0. Wash-
burn, or to the report of the minority, made
by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Palmer,]
I propose, in advance of the action of the
committee, to give my reasons for opposing
both schemes, as well as I can, after such a
lapse of time, hoping that the committee and
the House may consider them in connection
with the printed reports from that committee,
now on file, in coming to a conclusion on this
most important question.
The President says in his message :
"The suggestions of the Postmaster General for
improvements ui the Department presided ovor by
him are earnestly recommended to your special at-
tention. Especially do I recommend favorable con-
sideration of the plan for uniting the telegraphic
system of the United States with the postal system.
It is believed that by such a course the cost of tel-
egraphing could be much reduced, and the service
as well, if not better, rendered. It would seen re
the further advantajjo of extending the telegraph
through portions of the country where private
enterprise will not construct it. Commerce, trade,
and, above all, the efforts to bring a people widely
separated into a community of interest, aro always
benefited by a intercommunication. ^ Education,
the groundwork of republican institutions, is en-
couraged by increasing tfie facilities to gather
speedy news from all parts of the country. The
desire to reap the benefit of such improvements
will stimulate education. I refer you to tiie report
of the Postmaster General for full details of the
operations of last year, and for comparative state-
ments uf results with former years."
The Postmaster General elaborates the sub-
ject, making many incorrect statements as to
the cost of the system in England, and conceal-
ing the true state of facts as to Belgium and
the other countries of continental Europe, as
I will show hereafter. He asks, with an air
of triumph :
"Who that desires to convey or acquire any
information would hesitate between sending a
telegram from New York to California in seven
minutes for twentj cents, and sending a letter m
seven days for three cents?"
And yet he knows, or if he does not, every
intelligent man in the country knows, that it
costs, and will always cost, more than a dollar
to pay the actual expenses of transmitting a
telegraphic communication between New York
and San Francisco. With all the economy
that can lie used, with the low rate of wages
and wi'h the perfecnonto which the operating
machinery of the telegraph has been brought in
Belgium, which the Postmaster General holds
up as a model, he knows, if he knows anything,
that each message sent costs the Government
of Belgium seventeen and a half cents in gold,
the average distance of messages there being
fifty miles, which proves that it is simply ab-
surd, unless it is done with intent to deceive
in order to obtain the power and patronage
which he knows so well how to abuse, for Mr.
Oreswell to say that messages can be sent in
this country, three thousand miles, for twenty
cents.
Again, he insists, almost demands, without
any sort of modesty or doubt as to his own
capacity, and when ho is evidently ignorant of
the cost, if lie is not artfully concealing the
facts that the system shall be put into imme-
diate operation.
411 therefore deprecate further delay as injurious
to the public interests. The Post Office Department
is now piep.iredto undertake the organization and
management of the telegraph in connection with its
other duties. Indeed, I belicvo that the Depart-
ment itself can aid materially in racing the money
needed for the purchase through po^t oflieo savings
banks, if Congress will authorize their establish-
ment." _ * * *■ * *■
"Convinced of tho wisdom of establishing tho
postal telegraph and post office savings banks in this
country, 1 earnestly recommend the passage by Con-
gress of tho laws accessary therefor. In my judg-
ment, those laws should provide as well for the abso-
lute purchase of the lines and appurtonances of all
telegraph companies now in operation as for tho
exclusive light and authority of the Government,
alter the several purchases shall be concluded, to
conduct the business of transmitting telegraphic
messages."
The whole meaning of all this is, that the
Postmaster General, admiring the system of
personal government prevelatit in the Old
World, anxious to emulate or-imitate Mr.
8cudamore, and have twenty-live thousand
additional intelligent employ cs placed under
his control, whose tenure of office shail be
dependent on their subserviency to him, with
a grand bonking system under his control
beside, could make frequent displays of his
financial ability and his usefulness to his
friends such as he illustrated so beautifully in
the u Chorpenning case/' His anxiety to
obtain all this power and patronage will read-
ily account, to all who know him, for his
anxiety, his misstatements, and his conceal-
ment of facts.
Perhaps the following paragraph, which ap-
peared in the New York Tribune, in the latter
part of December, will increase Mr. Creswell's
admiration tor Mr. Scudamore and the English
system, as one of his favorite exercises is the
stopping of mail communications on auy pre-
text that he chooses to conjure up :
"Postal Telegraphy in Practice—A Timely Tlhus-
fraticn.—London has just had a fresh illustration of
tho wisdom ofputiing the telegraphs under Govezn-
mentcontrol. Therewosaseriousstnkooftelegrraph
operators at Manchester, and aluH account oi it was
sent over the wires to The Daily News of London in
time for tho next morning's paper. The post ollico
authorities, however, ehoso ? o withhold the dispatch
on the plea that the exigency of the public sci vice
would not allow them to aid in circulating intelli-
gence which might not, be accurate in nil its details.
That is tho excuse. The re.il reason, of course, was
that the Government did not want tho telegraph
clerks throughout the kingdom to join the strikers.
We are curious to know what tho English people
will have to nay about this extraordinary case of
post office espionage, for on such matters John Bull
is sensitive. If Mr. Scudamore can take tlieiespon-
sibility of stopping telegrams that he does not like,
and dictating to London newspapers what sort of
intelligence they shall print, is there any good rea-
son why Mr. Crcswoil should not be assailed by
( equally terrible temptations if the postal telegiaph.
I scheme should ever bo adopted at Washington?
I People laugh at the danger of a censorship over tho
' telegraph ever growing up in this country. Weil,
| when, the same thing was predicted in Bngland they
I laughed there too, and hero is the British censorship
: already."
j Waiving for the present comment on the
; statements, objects or motives of the Post-
j master General, it is obvious from his recom-
mendations and the message of the President,
I who speaks of "the plan" as if it was alzeady
j agreed on, that the bill presented by General
! Washburn to the last Congress, and reported
