1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Shellabarger.
Ho,, of Reps.
diet of the jury and sentence of the court of the Ku
Klux tiial in North Carolina. This is reraai-kablc,
not only as being the first trial under the Ku Klux
law, but for the shameful and indccent conduct of
Judge Bond, who seeks to propitiate fus master,
Grant, by imitating the infamy of a Jeffreys.
" While wo caution our people to be particularly
caroful not to render themselves obnoxious to the
iufainous law, wc yet call upon them to cherish in their
heart of hearts an undyina hatred to the tyrants who
have inflicted this late upon our land, and when the
time does come, as come it assuredly will, to let the recol-
lection nerve their arms to strike the harder for ven-
a cancc.
"•The jury who tried these prisoners was a packed
Radical concern,composed of negroes andtho lowest-
down white rascals. The prisoners were not allowed
to challenge the array, and so far as the right of trial
by jury of their peers was concerned, the thing was
a shameful mockery, worse than the military com-
mission that murdered Mrs. Surratt."
It is very proper to add that the editor, Mr.
Sawyer, explained his language, calling upon
his people to cherish " undying hatred," and
u to strike the harder for vengeange," merely
to mean that they should go to the polls and
vote the Democratic ticket. I cheerfully give
him the benefit of this ingenious explanation.
The reference to Judge bond has been repro-
duced in Congress.
Some of the obstacles in the way of reaching
the truth may be inferred from a paragraph in
the same paper after the editor had been sum-
moned as a witness, and which he describes
as a "little bit of silly pleasantry," (page 891:)
" Congressional Kit, Klux Committee.-— A sub-com-
mittoc of this iniquitous body is now holding its ses-
sions in Atlanta. Several witnesses havo boon sum-
moned fromthiscounty, and we may lookout for rich
development?, The iSpaiu&h inquisition ioae not more
disgraceful and dangerous than is this rotten concern.
Colonel Sawyer has been summoned to appear be-
fore the committee and will leave for Atlanta to-day.
They will be very apt to worm all the secrets of the
order out of him. 'You bet."' ,
I confine myself to extracts from these
papers because the editor of one of them was
before us, and because I consider them above
the average in ability, character, and influence.
The effect of such teachings cannot well be
overestimated, nor can their authors be held
by the public judgment to an undue responsi-
bility. I know not on what principle the
Associated Press of the country excuses the
filtration of its dispatches through similar
channels.
It is proper to add before passing to another
topic that Floyd county, Georgia, of which
Rome is the county seat, and some of the
adjacent counties, are, as might be expected
from such influences, the seat of very great,
lawlessness, in this respect among the worst
parts of the State.
effect of the icu klux law.
From the volumes of testimony taken and
the facts elicited every good citizen will be
satisfied that the act ot April 20,1871, did not
become a law one day too soon. The pro-
tection of the citizen is the highest law. A
government that will stand by unmoved, un-
concerned, and see its citizens cruelly treated,
inhumanly and barbarously murdered month
after month, not by scores, but by hundreds
and thousands, deserves, as it will ultimately
receive, the execration of mankind.
Sir, we could not afford to let these volumes
of testimony drift down into hi,story unless
our statute-book should show that we made
some effort to redress these mighty wrongs
and bring them to an end. The beneficent
effect of this law in the suppression of vio-
lence and the prevention of these horrible
crimes cannot be questioned. The testimony
is that while the miscreants would curse the
law and abuse the law-makers, they were
afraid of it, and careful not to violate it.
Especially was this so after the President's
pipclamation of October 17, 1871, suspending
the writ of habeas corpus in nine counties of
South Carolina. The wicked fled though
none pursued, and carried consternation to
their brethren of the dens. They knew their
guilt and believed that justice was at last on
their track. Meetings were called to devise
remedies; but fear, not vengeance, presided
over their deliberations. It was, indeed,areign
of terror—the terror of the law, a terror to
evildoers, and peace and protection to their
victims. An elaborate article, taken from the
Augusta Constitutionalist, appeared in the
Savannah News of November 9, 1871, (page
1216,) both Democratic, so unlike anything
which had up to that time been uttered by the
Democratic journal#, that I am tempted to
copy a few pregnant sentences:
"Much that has boon published about Ku Klux
outrages, wo do not doubt, have been gross exagger-
ations, and some of thorn puro inventions, emanat-
ing from Itadioal brains, in tbo interest of a vile
party, and for the mostdetostablo political purposes?.
Much of the expressed apprehension of dangerfrom
secret organizations of midnight maskers has been
mero pretense; and this fact lias thrown an air
of discredit upon all the stories of tho Ku Klux.
Tt had even come to bo considered that the Ku
Klux was a myth—an imagin&tivo creation-jUke
tales of ogres and vampires, to frighten ignorant
negroes and credulous carpet-baggers. But there
can bo no denial of tile fact that such secret organ-
izations havo at different times and in different local-
ities existed since tho close of tho war, and that
though now much less prevalent than they havo
been, aro still occasionally rampant and active.
Tho recent bloody exploit, to which wo havo
referred above, is a shocking exemplification of tho
fact that there are men among us who assume to be
the custodians of tho morals of society, and self-
constituted administrators of what they are pleased
to call ' wild justice.'
"There has been too long a vcprehonsible silonco
on this subject. In the absonce ot tho voice of pro-
test it has been assumed that those secret organiza-
tions possessed tho approbation ami sympathy of
society. That silonoe has been misconstrued. It
has been partly on account of the ignorance of
tho peaceablo and orderly citizens as to who consti-
tuted the members that they have not been talked
to plainly and thoir operations censured. It has
boen partly through terrorism that the timid have
preferred not to speak, for they feared that thoir
interference might bo puni-lied. Some who dared
to murmur have boen silenced by threats, or mys-
terious hints to guard their tongues. .
" The evil which this mistakou prudence is ltablo
to bring down upon counlnos whore those things
havo happened is that of martial law. II tho citizens
of Georgia do not, through then own grand juries, and
through their own courts of justice, take cognizance
of the infractions of its laws and tho violations of
the rights of property, porson, and life of its own
citizens, whito and black, they can with but poor
grace raise a clamor against the unconstitutional
Kukluxism of the Congress of the United States,
which bus authorized the President to suspend tho
writ of habeas rorijifi and to sond Fedoral troops to
preserve order.
"There is but ono mode toescapo such results. It
is for the people of Georgia in the soveral counties
which have reason to fear federal iuterlereneo to
rise up and by their conduct show that they aro
capable of protecting thelites of their own citizens,
and to bring to punishment those who defy thelaws
of tho State. .....
" The Legislature should speak out, by joint reso-
lutions, condemning in the strongestlanstuasrc secret
organizations and midnight mobs, and exhort tuo
people to bring to bear ovory legal and moral intlu-
encc for tho vindication of tho dcjico, good ordur,
and dignity of the State.-"
Here in tho narrow compass of a few para-
graphs is the whole case most powerfully
stated. The "recent bloody exploit" is a
"shocking exemplification" of what has been
done by the "rampant and active" "secret
organizations." The "reprehensible silence"
of the people is admitted, and the "terror-
ism" which hushed the "timid" and the
" threats" which " silenced" the more daring.
The duty of the people of Georgia is asserted,
with a frank confession that if they fail they
wiilclamor "with but poor grace" against the
interposition of the Federal Government. How
infinitely better had such counsels prevailed
from the first. Let Congress but show an
unvarying purpose to protect the citizen, come
what may, and that ends the trouble.
The law, as it was passed, limits the power
of the President to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus to the end of the present session of
Congress. The committee recommend the
extension of this power uutil the close of the
next session, and have reported a Bill for that
purpose.
A word in addition to what I have already
said as to this bill now before the House, on
which action has been more than once hi4
voked. If the provisions of the fourth section
of the Ku Klux law, as it is known, shall be
extended so as to operate till the end of the
present Congress, I have no idea in the world
that it will ever be called into active- exer-
cise. It is the power to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus, and that alone, which has oper-
ated to prevent, and for the time at least has
put an end to the outrages of which I have
spoken. It will be recollected that the writ
of habeas corpus was suspended by the proc-
lamation of the President in certain counties
in the State of South Carolina about the mid-
dle of October last. Look at the testimony
taken by tho Committee on the Condition of
Affairs in the Southern States, and yon will find
that these cases of violence, these various out-
rages, continued uninterrupted till that timet
Witnesses were before us a few days after the
proclamation was issued, with their wouncW
still fresh, not even a scar to indicate their
healing. But from the moment the writ of
habeas corpus was suspended the cruel scourge
of tho Ku Klux, his pistol and his torch, dis-
appeared, and they have not been heard o£
since. And if the same authority continues,
remains like an arm that may be drawn, a
power to call upon in time of need, there will
still be peace and quiet. This measure is a
measure of peace ; a measure to preserve quiet
in that part of the country.
Let this session of Congress adjourn with
the law unamended, and it will not be twenty-
four hours before it will be known in every
Ku Klux den in the South that the power to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus is gone;
and, in my judgment, you will see at once a
revival of the same old atrocities. When we
assemble here next winter it will be tod late
to mourn over the scores that will have been
slain and over the hundreds that will havo
been scourged. It is as a means of prevention
not of punishment; not that I suppose if this
bill becomes law the writ of habeas corpus
will be suspended in a single instance, but
because I believe that its presence on the stat-
ute-book will maintain quiet, peace, and tran-
quillity throughoutall the country, that I desire
it to pass.
I will yield the residue of my time, I believe
I have a few miuutes remaining 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Fisk-
ELNBUUG.) The gentleman has nine minutes
remaining.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. CobubnJ if he
desires.
Mr. COB URN. That will do me no good
at all. I expect to speak either in uiy own
hour or at some other time when I can have
moie time allotted me.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Itocisits] appealed to me
to yield to him some of my time if 1 could,
his service in the House having been so short
that he has had no opportunity yet to be heard.
The Tariff,
SPEECH OF HON. S. SHELLABAKGER,
oe ohio,
Is the House op Representatives,
May 16, 1872,
On the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on
imports, and to reduce internal revenue, and for
other purposes.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker,
during theyears I have been a member of Con-
gress I have made no speech upon the subject
of the tariff in this House. Perhaps this is
the most creditable fact in my history here ;
but I allude to it only in the way of an apology
