584
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
Ho. of Keps.
The Tariff—Mr. Shellabarger.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
for now putting upon record some statements
upon that subject. I would not do so, I assure
you, even this once, were I impelled to it by
no other motive than the hope of adding some-
thing useful to what has been said here. With
absolute sincerity I disavow all such hope, and
only venture to submit what I do because of
a desire, wholly personal and selfish, to place,
once for all, upon record my views upon a
subject, intrusted to the Representatives, of
the very first importance. One other prelim-
inary statement is needed. Most of what
I am about to say has already been pub-
lished in the United States from the only
address I ever made upon this subject, and
which I trust I will be pardoned for repeat-
ing here, because I have been unable to pre-
pare anything else, and because, also, I could
not state much better what I think about these
matters.
What has been disclosed in the history of
the Republican party as seen in the country
and Congress since these remarks were pub-
lished last fall has not changed my views either
as to what is the aggregate sentiment ot that
party nor as to what ought to be its opinion or
action,
MAGNITUDE OF THE SUBJECT.
Nothing connected with the foreign affairs of
nations in peace equals in magnitude the one
we consider. Its dignity is indicated by facts
like these: that for ages commercial States
have made custom duties the chief, and our
own has made them about the only source of
revenue; that, the care of these duties has
become a leading element of the law of nations;
that just now the foremost nations are making
these parts of their governmental structures,
as in the constitutions of 1807 of the North
German States and in the Zollverein of Novem-
ber 1, 18G7 ; that the great commercial treaties
of the world have, as in the " Cobden treaty"
of 1800, ever made it a matter of the first
solicitude. The special importance to the
United States of this affair is indicated by the
most stupeudous facts, such as that all the
revenues of the Government for half a century
have come from them, and that their assess-
ment is recognized by all Via touching and
profoundly affecting the growth of the nation
and the industries and prosperity of all the
people.
The subject is not one, therefore, whose
dryness or difficulty furnishes reason enough
lor our avoiding it, and hence the nation is
now considering it.
TARIFF IN THE ttKl'UItLICAN PARTY.
I think that our Republican party has been
patriotic and wise in not making the subject
a test of party fealty. 1 think so for two
principal reasons—one, that the rates of tariff
which the war compelled us to have for reve-
nue were as high as any friend of protection
demanded, and the other, that during our
entire life as a party the nation's very being
has been so formidably and persistently as-
sailed by our' adversary that the rescue of that
life couid be attained only by the solid and
enduring effort of the whole party ; and to
have divided on tariff in the presence of such
a danger would have been simply moral trea-
son. And in so far as that danger, especially
at the South, has not wholly passed from us,
we are admonished that at least before 1872
and its great events have passed, the Repub-
lican party dare not divide upon this or any
other subject.
I go, therefore, first to the inquiry, what is
the country to expect touching the tariff from
the continued ascendency of our Republican
party ?
To find out what our principles are, and
action will be, it is plainly the best to find out
what results Republicans desire to produce
upon the affairs of the country by their legis-
lation ; what results, for example, do they wish
to attain in the amount and proportion of
revenues derived from customs; what result
as to the variety of industries we shall aim to
have ; what result as to the balances of our
trade ; what result as to the condition and
wages of labor ; what as to the occupation
and development of our national resources,
and the like? Two reasons at least there are
why about the only way you can find out what
to expect from a party on this subject is to
know what great results upon the country's
affairs they favor. One is this, that in finding
this you really find about all of principle there
is in the case. By finding whether a party
or representative is for ad valorem or specific
duty or for ten or fifty per cent, on iron, you
only find his opinion, as held to-day, and that
may be changed to-morrow, as to what is the
best way of attaining the results he favors,
either upon the revenues or the industries of
the country—opinions touching a mere frag-
ment, too, of the vast fields of facts which
must affect and decide how the favored
results can be attained; opinions which he
notifies you are held merely hypothetically,
tentatively, when he notifies you what effects
lie is aiming at, and which he notifies you he
will abandon the moment experiment or other
new light shall siiow him a better way to pro-
duce the effects upon the country which he
designs by his legislation.
Another reason why, in finding out a party
upon this subject, you can only look at the
grand and general aims of the party, is that
there never was or will be a party even approx-
imating to agreement upon any other thing in
tariff legislation than these general aims.
Seldom, in any age or country, is seen phe-
nomenon more curious connected with the
dynamics of the thing which, by a rare charity,
we call "the science of political economy"
than our own country has just seen m the last
session of the Forty-First Congress and in the
present session of this one. If you look to the
views and the votes of some of them whose
ability and influence assign them to the posi-
tion of masters in the Democratic party, espe-
cially from Pennsylvania and Maryland, you
will find out that it is a foundation cation of the
"science" of American statesmanship that
" every Democratic Congressman should hold
and vote that the world's trade should be free
in the commodities produced in everybody's
congressional district except his own, and
that upon commodities produced in his own
there should be imposed duties amply fostering
and protective." And the late Democratic
State convention in Pennsylvania lias in its
platform just added this canon to what the
world heretofore knew about "political econ-
omy," namely, that free trade is good for all
the world except Pennsylvania!
THE NEEDED REVENUES FROM TARIFF.
First of all, is our party substantially agreed
upon the amount of revenues we should col-
lect from tariffs? I, conducting this and other
inquiries, shall quote from our late Special
Commissioner, Mr. Wells. I have decided to
do so for the reason that, in addition to the
real and intrinsic value of his opinions, they
have for my purposes this obvious and indis-
pensable value, that he is not only the recog-
nized leader of " revenue reform " in our
country, but is the representative of that class
of opinion in our party lying next to the free
trade of the Democratic party. Hence, when
we discover this class of our mind to be in
substantial accord with our party upon any
point, we show the substantial unity and solid-
ity of the party thereon.
On pages 128 to 130 of his last annual report
(December, 186'J,) Mr. Wells gives in detail
the elements of the tariff he would have
passed, and it aims to yield $150,000,000 per
year. This he deems required from custom
duties by the inexorable wants of the Treas-
ury. In his address at Cincinnati, April 27,
1871, he repeats this recommendation, and
gives the glements of a bill that he thinks will
yield it.
True it is, Mr. Speaker, that since Mr.
Wells told us this, the world has seen him in
the new rdle of " platform-maker" for his
and Mr. Greeley's new party. Since that
party is one whose organization was impelled
that the great principles of government and
of its administration might be at once rescued
from both the error and obscurity brought
upon them by the existing Administration,
and since the tariff is preeminently the affair
needing the rescue and reform which compels
Mr. Wells and Mr. Greeley to thus organize
into a separate party the pure, and the agree-
ing, and the clear-headed of the Republican
party, to the end that we may henceforth
know how to reform the tariff; and since they
have in their platform assumed to tell the
world what they and their President mean
shall be done upon the things which, if done
at all, can only be done by Congress, such as
civil service reform, proper disposition of
public lands, providing for amending the Con-
stitution so that Mr. Greeley shall be Piesi-
dent just once, and the like; and since upon
this matter of the tariff, to make clear and
right and reform which they created their
party, and with which Congress has precisely
the same (no more and no less) to do that it
has with the other things decreed by their
platform, they solemnly avow they will neither
know nor say nor do anything, for the sublime
reason that it belongs to Congress, and that
their President, who will hold the power over
the tariff of twenty-five Senators, and of ninety-
five members of this House, (and a power he
dare not without perjury refuse to exert in
t he very way his convictions of what is required
by the public good demands.) has nothing to
do with the tariff legislation, although by
solemn official oath he has much to do with
all other legislation. Since, I say, this is all
we have seen from Mr. Wells since what I
quote in these remarks, therefore I will not
be expected to quote from his latest. Pre-
cisely as much has been disclosed to mankind
upon the subject of tariff by Butler's Analogy
and by Sindbad the Sailor as the world is
ever promised to hear from Mr. Wells's new
party upon the subject it was organized to set in
everlasting light and purity and rest. I can,
therefore, not quote from his "last."
General Schenck's bill in the late Congress,
(House bill No. 1068,) supported by the body
of our party, agreed in exact substance with
this bill of Mr. Wells as to the amount of rev-
enue aimed at. The bill afterward passed
July 14, 1870, so reduced the tariff as to
bring our revenues therefrom down substan-
tially to what Mr. Wells favors, the reduction
being about $26,040,000. Indeed that bill,
shown by General Schenck (Appendix of
Globe, March, 1870, page 320, &e.) to have
probably been of English preparation for our
Congress, conceded our need of $124,000,000
from duties, and professed to raise that
amount.
So obvious are the facts in favor of supply-
ing the revenues of the Government from
duties on imports, whereby, if' the law be
rightfully framed, the vast bulk of them may
be collected as the unfelt and voluntary tax
paid by the rich on their wines, brandies,
India shawls, and the like, or else paid by the
foreign importer, in obedience to the law that
"he who takes coals to Newcastle for sale
must sell them for Newcastle prices and pay
all the expenses of getting them there," that
in the first seventy years of the nation's life
there was not a faction of a party which
favored any other method of collecting our
revenues, or who had the audacity to favor the
abolition of the custom-house and the substi-
