1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3325
tu the charges made, and prior to the assem-
bling of the Congress for which any such Rep-
resentative or Delegate was voted for, to have
filed with the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Congress of the United States
all the evidence by him taken, all information
by him obtained, and all reports to him
This is a wholly ex parte proceeding, with-
out one single dollar provided for executing
the law. What, then, will be the effect prac-
tically? What will this principal supervisor
do without a dollar in his hands to pay for any
of these investigations, to pay for his own ser-
vices, and to pay for the expenses of summon-
ing witnesses, or to pay witnesses' fees? What
can he do? Nothing in the world but this: he
will lake as much testimony as he may see fit
to take to support a partisan view of the case
and report that, and when he has got to the
House of Representatives what of it? It fur-
nishes no ground for the action of the House
at all in any way whatsoever.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the indulgence
of my friend to give me the floor, to enable
me to make a report.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
sales of arms.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the
select committee of the Senate, to whom was
referred the Senate resolution of February 29,
1872, ordering an investigation into the sale
of certain ordnance stores for a certain fiscal
year therein mentioned, have directed me to
make a report in writing, which I now do.
Mr. STEVENSON. I present the views of
the minority of the same committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the report of
the committee, and also the views of the mi-
nority, with the evidence in the ease, be printed,
and that two thousand extra copies be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, must not
the question of printing extra copies go to the
Committee on Printing?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trum-
bull in the chair.) That goes to the Com-
mittee on Printing. The Chair was about to
put the question on the motion to print.
Mr. SUMNER. On that question I have
one word to say.
It may be known to Senators that when this
committee was constituted I was out of my
seat, being an invalid at homs. I read the
names of the committee with amazement, and
regretted much that I was not here to protest
against its formation. What I was unable to
do then, I do now, with reluctance, but in the
discharge of a duty. I protest now against
the report, believing the committee organized
in violation of parliamentary law, so that its
report can be received only as the verdict of
a jury disqualified to act in the case. In pre-
senting this protest I adopt the language of
the Manual:
" Those who take exceptions to some particular?
ill the bill are to be of the committee, but none who
speak directly against the body of the bill; for he
that would totally destroy will not amend it,
(Hakew., 146; Town., col. 208; D'Ewes, 634, col. 2;
Scob., 47;) or, as is said, (5 Grey, 145,) the child
is not to be put to a nurse that cares nothing lor
it, (6 Grey, 373.) It is therefore a constant ruie that
no man is to be employed in any matter who has de-
clared himself against it.' And when any mem-
ber who is against the bill hears himself named ot
its comunttce, he ought to ask to be excused.
Thus, (March 7,1606,) Mr. Hadley was, on the ques-
tion being put, excused from being ot a committee,
declaring himself to be against the matter itseii.
(Scob., 40.)"
Observe, if you please, the words of Mr.
Jefferson in this extract:
"And when any member who is against the bill
hears himself named of its committee, he ought to
ask to be excused."
Sir, the words of Mr. Jefferson, the illus-
trious Vice President who once occupied the
seat which you now fill, are applicable to all
inquiries as well as to bills. I have before
me the note of a case of inquiry or investiga-
tion, being the appointment of a committee
to prepare articles of impeachment against
the Earl of Danby, Lord Treasurer, in the
reign of Charles II, December 21, 1668, where
it was said:
"No man, by the ancient rule of the Houses, is
to be of a committee of a thing he is against."
Mark, sir, the breadth and energy of the
language—" of a thing he is against."
The Senate cannot forget the utterances of
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] during
the debate on the arms question, against the
movement for inquiry; and yet he was made
chairman of the committee to conduct the
inquiry-;—
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don; I shall be .through in a minute. Nor
can they forget the utterances of the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,] seeking to
protect the sale of arms by a new version of
international law ; and yet he now makes the
report. Sir, unless the rules of parliamentary
law as set forth in our Manual are a mockery,
those Senators were disqualified to occupy the
positions they do as much as a juror who had
expressed au opinion on the case before trial.
I protest against their report.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I will not
at this time be drawn into any discussion with
the Senator from Massachusetts. I am aware
that the committee which has just made its re-
port was not organized at the suggestion or
according to the wishes of the Senator from
Massachusetts ; but I shall be ready to show
to the Senate and to the country that it was
organized in accordance with parliamentary
law. I will show that the Senator has this
morning sought to send to the country an im-
peachment of a report before either he or the
Senate had read or heard one word of its con-
tents. It is an assumption unworthy of the
Senator and it ought not to have been made.
It was seeking by his bald assertion, unsup-
ported by truth, to send to the country a dec
laration that this committee had reported with-
out the support of parliamentary law as its
basis. On each of these questions I think I
shall have no difficulty in satisfyingthis body;
but I will enter into no discussion now. Let the
motion to print the extra numbers with the
evidence go to the Committee on Printing.
After that shall have been done, 1 shall theu,
or if I may now, submit an additional motion
that there be ten thousand copies of the report
of the committee, and the views of the minor-
ity also, printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the
protest just read to the Senate by the Senator
from Massachusetts would be an insult to the
members of the committee who make the
report but for the fact that the indignity
heaped upon them is merged in the higher
contempt and insult offered to the Senate
itself. The members of that committee did
not select themselves. They did not ask to
be selected. They were elected by the Sen-
ate, and one member of the committee rose
in his place and asked to be excused from
serving upon it, and the Senate by a vote re-
fused to excuse him; thus expressing their
determination not only by their election, but
by their refusal to excuse a member of the
committee, that they desired the investigation
to be made by the committee they hau elected.
What was said or done by the Senators who
went on that committee had been said anu
done in open Senate, and was known to the
Senate, and with that knowledge the Senate
elected that committee and commanded them
to do the duty which they have performed.
One word more, because I do not intend at
this time to anticipate a general debate which
1 have no doubt will follow the publication
of this report, and I trust it may. It is said
that this "matter," or "thing," as it is called,
was not committed to its friends. Sir, is there
a member of that committee who did not vote
for the investigation ? Not one. Did not.the
Senator from Massachusetts humself vote to
lay his own preamble on the table ? He did,
and so did all the members of the committee..
Not a vote was east by a member of the com-
mittee that he did not concur in. Every mem-
ber of the committee demanded an investiga-
tion of the facts, impartial and searching. No
Senator in the Chamber was more emphatic
in expressing a belief that an investigation
was necessary and in demanding it to be
made than the men who formed that com-
mittee.
What is "the thing? " Is it to have a fair
investigation of the facts of the case ? Then
"the thing" was committed to its friends. If,
however, " the thing " is an intention to pro-
duce an impression upon the country without
regard to truth or justice, then "the thing"
was not committed to its friends; and the
committee in their report discussing this ques-
tion say they desire to have it distinctly under-
stood that they are not the friends of any such
" thing."
Mr. President, I had not supposed that there
would be any debate upon this' question now,
and I do notproposetobe drawn into it. I have
made this reply to the formal protest of the
Senator from Massachusetts that the two things
might go upon the record together, and when
the debate proper shall come upon it, I expect
to be at home.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have no
desire to precipitate any debate nor to avoid
it. I stated that I was not in my seat when
this committee was organized. Had I been
here, I should have been a faithless Senator
if with my convictions I had not solemnly pro-
tested against it. I now, sir, seize the earliest
opportunity to do what, through illness, 1 was
unable to do at the earlier time. And I am
told that I offer an insult to the committee
and an insult to the Senate! The committee
must be very sensitive and the Senate, too, if
they find an insult when I read a paragraph
from the Manual, not adding a word of ray
own. Is the paragraph so strong, is it so
luting, that even to read it stings?_ I will try
again. Here are words of Mr. Jefferson :
"And when any member who is against the bill
hea's himself named of its committee, he ought to
ask to be excused."
Sir, it is no apology that the Senate did, in
their good nature, or in pursuance of some
outside arrangement or understanding, nomin-
ate the two Senators or any other disqualified
Senator. According to parliamentary law,
they should have risen in their places and
asked to be excused.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator
allow me one remark? Speaking for myself,
not for the other Senator, who is in the habit
of speaking for himself, I may say that one
great distinction between the Senator from
Massachusetts and myself is that I am not
accustomed to interpose my will against the
will of the Senate, and condemn them for
their choice.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; the Senator
would have done better had he followed the
mandate of parliamentary law rather than the
dictate of, I know not what, but the newspa-
pers say of an outside arrangement commonly
called a caucus. The words are:
"And when any member who is against the bill
hears himself named of its committee, ho ought to
ask to be excused."
Now, sir, I shall insist from this time for-
ward that those words of parliamentary law
shall have some recognition in this Chamber.
We have seen them set aside habitually, not
for the first time in the creation of this com-
mittee ; but at an earlier day during this ses-
aiou were they set aside. I insist that they
shall be recognized as of some value; nor am
I to be answered by being told that because J
read a chapter of parliamentary law 1 insult
the Senator from Wisconsin!_ No, the Senator
must find something else against that positive
mandate. It is not enough to say that it is ail
insult. Why, sir, it is not I who say this ;
my opinion is of little value; it is parliamentary
