1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1633
nobleman but recently deceased, of whom it
would be difficult to affirm whether _wheu he
lived he was most distinguished as jurist, as
statesman, or as scholar, to whose matchless
attainments I remember to have read many
years since this grand tribute pronounced by
Professor Patterson, then, I believe, of the
Jefferson Medical College, in Philadelphia.
He said, substantially:
" It has been my good fortune to know personally
nearly all the eminent men in all the learned pro-
fessions both in this country and in Europe. And
among them all X have nevermotbut one who upon
an intimate acquaintance realized all my ideas of a
great man."
That one was Henry Brougham, lord high !
chancelor of England. I quote from Lord
Brougham. Speaking first of the necessity
for educating the people under absolute mon-
archies, he says:
"But incomparably grosser is the absurdity of
keeping the people in ignorance where the consti-
tution of the Government is of a popular kind.
There, the people are called upon to bear a share in
the management of their own affairs, to attend pub-
lic meetings, to serve in offices, to vote in the choice
of law-givers. There may be some consistency in
excluding them from all the knowledge that would
fit them for performing those high political func-
tions while you also exclude them from all exercise
of the functions themselves. But to make them
political functionaries, and to leave them in igno-
rance of political suhjects, is little less absurd than
it would be to keep the owner of an estate ignorant
of farming, and expecthim to superintend theman-
agement of his farms."
He concludes the great argument in the fol-
lowing language:
" It remains to mark the most salutary effects of
an extensive diffusion of political knowledge, the
most salutary, because unalloyed by even any the
least and most transcient inconvenience. An en-
larged view of their own best interests must give the
people sound and enlightened feelings respecting
the merits of human conduct, and form in them the
habit of justly estimating the character and thecon-
duct of the men who guide the affairs of nations.
The mischiefs are incalculable which have resulted
to our species from the habitual false judgments
formed on tbis important subject by the bulk of
mankind ; and it must, in fairness, be confessed that
the great crimes which have been committed by
statesmen in ail ages have been mainly caused by
the encouragement which the people have given to
the criminals. Dazzled by success, subdued by the
spectacle of triumphant force, stricken with wonder
at the mere exercise of great laculties, and the sight
of the events which they brought, about, men have
withdrawn their eyes from the means used to attain
those ends, and lost their natural hatred of vice
in their admiration of genius and their sense of
power. No disgust at meanness, no seorn of treach-
ery, no horror of cruelty, has hitherto availed
against the false luster shed over despicable and
detestable deeds by brilliant capacity crowned
with victory. Bat that is not all the folly com-
mitted by unreflecting men. The most absolute
disregard of their own interests has been coupled
with their misplaced admiration of successful guilt.
The crimes which dazzled them were perpetrated
at their cost; the price paid was their own long and
boundless and bitter suffering. For alt that was
done amiss and for all themselves admired, they
themselves paid. Their own best interests were
sacrificed quite as much as principle and duty were
violated. They have lavished upon tyrants and con-
querors and intriguers who were their worst enemies
their loudest applause; tor those pests of the world
reserving the fame thatbhould have been kept sacred
to virtuous and beneficent deeds; and confining the
title of 'great'—the prize that all generous natures
strive' alter—to those whose lives were spent in
working their misery and their ruin. This pre-
posterous combination in which the people have
so long been leagued, to call things by their wrong
names, to praise the wrong men, to^ suffer that
the scourges of their kind, the enemies of peace
and freedom and virtue, should not merely escape
reprobation, but should monopolize all the places
in the temple of fame, has been the fruitful souice
of human misery and national crimes, and it has
been the result of nothing but the darkest igno-
rance. The knowledge of political science, which
teaches the people their true interests, can alone
rescue them from the error of ages—restore public
virtue to the pedestal which successful vice has so
losag usurped, and secure on a lasting foundation
the peace and the happiness of the world/'
But British statesmanship, from the time of
Magna Charta to the present, has been one
unending exhibition of halting between the
danger of excluding classes from all patieipa-
tion in public affairs and that of admitting
them unfitted thereto. How broad or how
narrow shall we make the basis of society,
has been the question endlessly debated by
her statesmen. We have ended that dispute ,
m America, For weal or for woe, we have j
resolved that the basis of our political society
shall be as broad as our humanity.
I believe I had the honor to be the first who,
during the late war, addressed the Senate in
support of that resolution under which the Con-
stitution was amended so as to make slavery
impossible within the Republic. I believe I
had the honor to be the first who, after the
war was closed, addressed the Senate in sup-
port of such a reconstruction of the revolted
States as should assure a recognition of the
political rights of those the Constitution had
made free. I do not regret either of those
steps. But I did not for a moment shut nry eyes
to the perils attending them. We deliberately
poured into the body-politic an immense vol-
ume of ignorance and political incapacity, in
which there was far too much already.. I am
not for a moment insensible of the evils which
have-followed upon those great measures. But
to those who dwell upon the magnitudeof those
evils so much, not to say so fondly, I have
only two remarks to make.
First, that the greatest of those evils have
not been the legitimate fruits of those measures,
but rather the fruits of an insane resistance to
tho&e measures. If the freedman has voted
to intrust power to the carpet-bagger whom he
did not know, rather than to his old master
whom he did know, it was for the conclusive
reason that the carpet-bagger at least prom-
ised justice, while the master promised only the
foulest injustice, and because the latter has
daily practiced, in defiance of law, all the heav-
en-daring wrongs which he had openly prom-
ised to perpetrate if intrusted with power. The
wor&t that can be said of the unlettered freed-
man is, that he has done what the most saga-
cious of politicians wpuld do, to wit: when
no other alternative offered he has put his trust
in a knave who promised right, rather than in
the honest man who promised wrong.
And secondly, i say that whatever the evils
flowing from these measures, the sum of them
is infinitely less than must have followed the
opposite policy. The worst that can be jsaiu
of the freediuan's participation in political
affairs is that it has sometimes led to profligate
government, entailing upon property onerous
taxation. But if he had been excluded, from
affairs, while we do not know that taxation
would have been less, we do know, because we
were foretold, that the freedman would have
the benefit of no single dollar of that taxation,
be it much or little, nor would he enjoy a dol-
lar of his own earnings, beyond what was
absolutely required for his own most wretched
subsistence. For the purpose of the present
debate I waive both these suggestions.
Such is the material composing our polit-
ical society. Whatever we may think of the
evils they threaten, but two remedies are pos-
sible. You must take power from thepeople,
or give culture to them. If you value the
peace of society do not try the former remedy;
if you value the welfare of society do not
neglect longer the latter.
Eet me now quote the impassioned testi-
mony of an American whose labors are also
no longer permitted to his country, and who
also was both legislator and teacher. I quote
from Horace Mann:
" If republican institutions do wake up unexam-
pled energies in the whole mass of a people, and
give them implements of unexampled power where-
with to work out their will, then these same insti-
tutions ought also to confer upon that people unex-
ampled wisdom and rectitude. If these institutions
give greater scope and impulse to the lower order
of faculties belonging to the human mind, then they
must also give more authoritative contrui and more
skillful guidance to the higher ones. If they multi-
ply temptations, they must fortify against them. If
they quicken the activity and enlarge the sphere of
the appetites and passions, they lauet, at leabt in an
equal ratio, establish the authority and extend the
jurisdiction of reason andconscience. In a word, we
must not add to toe impulsive, without albo addiug
to the regulating forces."
I desire to add to these the testimony of
James Madison, not merely because through-
out his public life he bore freqaent&nd em-
phatic witness-to the necessity of popular edu-
cation, but because in the passages I shall
quote he testified to the importance of th«
very measure I espouse, a national university.
In his second annual message to Congress he
said:
"While it is universally admitted that a wellr
instructed people alone can be permanently a free
people, and white it is evident that the means of
diffusing and improving: useful knowledge form so
fcmall a proportion of the expenditures for national
purposes, I cannot presume it to be unseasonable to
invite your attention to the advantages of super-
adding to the means of education provided by the
several States a seminary of learning instituted by
the national Legislature within the limits of their
exclusive jurisdiction, the expense of which might
be defrayed or reimbursed out of the vacant grounds
which have accrued to the nation within those
limits.
"Such an institution, though local in its legal
character, would be universal in its beneficial
effects. By enlightening the opinions, by expand-
ing the patriotism, and by assimilating the princi-
ples. the sentiments, and the manners of those who
might resort to this temple of science, to be redis-
tributed in due time through every part of the com-
munity. sources of jealousy and prejudice would be
diminished, thefeatures of national character would
be multiplied, and greater extent given to social
harmony. But above all, a well-constituted semin-
ary, in the centre of the nation, is recommended by
the consideration that the additional instruction
emanating from it would contribute not less to
strengthen the foundations than to adorn the struc-
ture of our free and happy system of government."
And in his seventh annual message he
repeated:
"That such an institution claimed the patronage
of Congress as a monument of their solicitude for
the advancement of knowledge, without which the
blessings of liberty cannot be fully enjoyed or jkmg
preserved."
Such is the emphatic testimony of James
Madison. And Mr. Madison was not a super-
ficial thinker or a careless talker; least of ail
was he an enthusiast. From his grave comes
the solemn admonition that without the ad-
vantages of knowledge the blessings of l«berty
cannot be fully enjoyed or long preserved.
But this momentous instruction we read not
alone at the grave of Madison. It comes to us
from the grave of every buried State. Question
which one of the perished nations you will as
to tbe cause of its death, and the answer will
be the same, " The people did not know enough
to live."
The inspirations of the poet are second only
to those of the prophet; and a poet tells us—
" There is the moral of all human tales,
'Tis but the same rehearsal of the past;
Firsfcfreeciom, and then glory; when tha£fails,
Wealth, vice, corruption, and barbarism at last.
And history, with all her volumes vast,
Hath but one page."
Shall the future historian inscribe our story
ou the same sad page? Or is it reserved to
the Republic to tuni a new leaf in history?
In Middleton's Life of Cicero he quotes from
two of Cicero's letters, written while Cassar
was in Great Britain, these remarks:
" We are in t>uspense about the British war; it is
certain that the access of the island is strongly for-
tified; and it is known also, already, that there is
not a grain of silver in it, nor anything else, but
slaves; of whom you will scarce expect any, I dare
say, skilled in music or letters."
In another letter he says :
" I hear that there is not either any gold or silver
in the island; if so, you have nothing to do but to
take one of their chariots and fly back to us."
These quotations the author follows with
these reflections:
" From their railleries of this kind on the barbar-
ity and misery of our island, one cannot help reflect-
ing on the surprising fate and revolutions of king-
doms ; how Rome, once the mistress of the world,
the seat of arts, empire, and glory, now lies sunk in
sloth, ignorance, and poverty; enslaved to the most
cruel, as well as to the most contemptible of tyrants,
superstition and religious imposture; while this re-
mote country, anciently the jest and contempfcof the
polite Romans, is become the happy seat of liberty,
plenty, and letters: flourishing in all the arts and
refinements of civil life, yet running, perhaps, the
same course which Home itself, had run before it:
from virtuous industry to wealth, from wealth to
luxury, from luxury to an impatience of discipline
and corruption of "morals; till, by a total degeneracy
and loss of virrue, being grown ripe for destruction,
it falls a prey at last to some hardy oppressor, and,
with the loss bf liberty* losing everything elt e' that
is valuable, sinks gradually again into its original
barbarism " - .
Mr. President, we have already achieved
