1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. SheUabarger.
Ho. 03? KeI'S.
tution in their stead of tax-gatlierers in all
our school districts, taxing our farms, stock,
and even the clothing and food of the people.
It is therefore the fixed purpose of the
Republican party to collect now at least half
of our revenues from tariffs, and to return
again, as fast as possible, to an abolition of
all internal taxes.
BALANCE OF TBADE.
The next result of our tariff legislation,
which the entire Republican party are agreed
upon endeavoring to attain, is such a check of
foreign importation, or such increase of our
fxpoits, or both, that the balance of trade
shall at least not be materially against us.
That the matter of the balance of trade is
to every nation absolutely vital, and involves
ruin on one hand and prospeiity, endurance,
and power on ihe other, is completely self-
evident. That m so far as this matter of the
balance of trade depends on the legislation of
a country, that legislation is suicide if it fails
to aim at protecting against annual balances
of debt is equally self-evident.
VAltlED AND IN CREASED AMERICAN INDUSTKIES.
Owing partly to the fearful wastes of the war,
partly to the startling admonitions the war
gave us of the danger of being dependent on
other nations for any of the great supplies of
war, pai'tly to the burdens of debt the war has
left, partly to thepioniptings of huge balances
against us in trade, partly to the unsatisfactory
stale of a few of our industries, as for example
our shipping interests, but mainly to the in-
creasing wants of the people and their increas-
ing intelligence as to the possibilities and re-
sources of this great nation, there never was
before a time when the people so realized the
commanding necessity our nation is under
lor the instant adoption of whatever policy will
start and sustain in active, healthful, and per-
manent, growth every great industry of modern
civilization which is legitimate and reasonably
practicable in the permanent conditions of our
country—which are essential to the symmetrical
development of die nation, and to its political,
military, commercial, financial, and industrial
strength and independence. Prominentamong
those industries so legitimate and essential to
us arc all the productions of agriculture, the
productions and manufactures of iron, of wool,
of cotton, of leather, and of wood—all things
promotive of our means of internal and exter-
nal commerce, and every industry engaged in
building our homes aud cities. It among these
industries there are any which are deemed not
legitimate in America, and which auy Repub-
lican demand we should suffer to perish from
the laud, they are very inconsiderable ones,
where the human labor required for their pro-
duction constitutes about the exclusive ele-
ment of their cost.
Such a fact as that stated by Mr. Hewitt, in
his recent report upon the Paris exposition,
(page 60,) that ''the control of the luel of the
world—that is to say, of the condensed power
which has been stored up by divine Provi-
dence for the world's use—is in the hands of
the Anglo Saxon race in Europe and Amer-
ica," is itself absolutely conclusive in solution
of the question what the United States may
and must do in the great body of these indus-
tries. Then add to this such considerations
as these, namely, the vastness in extent of
the continent we cover; the variety of its soil
and climate; the disclosures made from year
to year of the inconceivable quantities and
the superiority of its mineral wealth ; the in-
creasing magnitude and density of our popu-
lation; the distances whence we must carry
our supplies which we fail to produce at home ;
the scale of magnitude ou which we have pro-
jected this nation, and all the possibilities of
our future, and how irresistible becomes the
demand upon us which compels the adoption
of that policy which shall at once start into
growth every great industrial possibility of
the nation 1 He, in any party, is mad, or
worse, who is not for such policies ; and none,
1 am bound to know by their utterances, are
more determinedly for all these industries
than the " revenue reformers" in the Repub-
lican party.
In the Cincinnati address of Mr. Wells,
from which I have quoted, he said:
"Of fertile land awaiting cultivation wo have a
thousand million acres; wo have an immigration
of threo hundred and titty thousand per year to settle
upon til em ; of our rich cotton IuimK not three acres
in a hundred are yet cultivated. Wo ha.vo sources
of motive power greater than all other civilized
nations combined. Wo have all the conditionswliieh
tend to render the labor of man profit.ii.ljlo, and to
give to capital its greatest reward; and if anywhere
on earth labor and capital ought to harmonize,that
place is the United States."
And the last annual report of Mr. Wells,
certainly tho most elaborate effort of his offi-
cial life, is devoted to the work of showing the
marvelous adaptions of our country to sustain
in highest prosperity all the great industries
of modem civilization, and of the supreme
importance to our country of our doing so.
I repeat, that there is not a Republican on
the continent, of whom I have ever heard, who
does not agree with Mr. Wells in all this, or
does not demand the instant adoption of what-
ever policy shall be ill fact wisest and best to
secure the equal and healthful fostering and
growth of every one of these great industries.
And this proposition is so plain that it is not
debatable, and I leave it.
ABSOLUTE AND RELATIVE PRICKS OF LABOR IN AMERI-
CAN INDUSTItlKS.
The next result which 1 name, as one that
every Republican in our country agrees should
be aimed at in our statesmanship and policies,
is both substantial equality and also no mate-
rial reduction in the compensations of the labor
employed in all the great industries of the
country. It is impossible for any persons or
party to differ here. To aim at rewarding
labor in one pursuit with wages above those of
another equally useful and deserving our care
is so grossly wrong that no one admits he or
his theories favor it. Indeed, in a free coun-
try, having impartial laws, the thing is im-
possible, as one of long continuance, or more
than accidental occurrence. And« I know of
nobody willing to admit ho is for reducing the
purchasing power of American wages mate-
rially below what it now is, or to what, I shall
show that of Europe to be. We therefore, as
Republicans, completely agree that our poli-
cies, whatever they are, shall at present aim
at not under $150,000,000 of annual revenue;
shall aim at having our exports equal to our
imports, shall aim at developing and perpet-
ually cherishing in our country every great
industry of modern civilization, and shall aim
at securing their present and equal wages to
the labor and equal rewards to the capita! and
enterpiise engaged in these respective indus-
tries.
the oimotr.sNESs of what has been stated.
One can scarcely reliain from an apology
for stating over these several results upon the
affairs of the country, which I have now re-
peated, as ones desired by the Republican
party ; because they are so near to being mere
tiuisms and commonplaces that 1 feel ashamed
to state them. And yet I suspect that when
these are conceded, as purposes on which our
party agree, and that they are just and wise aims
of our economical policies, they have about
given up their case whose case it is to show
that there is any radical and essential differ-
ence on the tariff in the principles of the
Republican party. We shall further see, as I
go on, that they give up their case, because in
these results—for which we agree to strive in
the Government's administration—are included
all there is to be aimed at as the effects of com-
mercial legislation, or of the withholding of
legislation, and all besides become mere ques-
tions of experiment, of fact, as to what arethe
best ways of reaching the attainment of these
ends.
• LEGISLATIVE PROTECTION. .
I now enter a distinct- department of this
great subject—that which relates to the means
by which we can best secure these conditions
of the country, which 1 have said our entire
party agree shall be reached, and reached in
the wisest way. Here I admit our party is not
wholly agreed. I aver that here no party ever
was or will be agreed, and this for reasons
I have already named, and which will appear
hereafter.
But it is with confidence and infinite satis-
faction that I now add in this department of
the instrumentalities of our economic policies
another and fundamental principle upon which'
Republicans agree. I state this principle from
Mr. Wells, whom I still choose to quote, for
the same reasons I have staled. In his last
annual report he says:
" What rather should be sought for is that means
of encouragement—call it protection if you will, or
otherwise—which would give to every branch of
legitimate domestic industry an equal opportunity
and a condition of stability, as respects supply and
demand, which would insure permanence of price,
incentives to tho exorcise of skill aud economy, ami
such moderate dogrco of protit as should effectually
discourago inconsiderate and exeossivo competi-
tion." (cJeo page 107.)
This, mark, is no accidental, inconsiderate,
loose utterance of a mere private opinion, but
is the summing up, essence, and conclusion of
the researches and investigations of an entire
official life, submitted under solemnities of
official oaths, in concluding the last elaborate
official report of that life, and earnestly urged
upon Congress for adoption by the represent-
ative mind of Republican "revenue reform-
ers." Now, what does Mr. Wells, and those
who agree with him, demand of us in Congress,
to whom he sends this address ? lncontesiably
these he demands, and demands from Con-
gress :
1. "Encouragement—call it protection if
you will—of American industry."
2. These industries, to be encouraged, must
be "legitimate," that is, such as may become
permanent in this country without the aid of
hot-house culture.
8. The protection must, in quantity, be
" mean" or middle, and so high as to " insure
a moderate degree of profit," and so low as,
with due skill aud economy, to yield a profit
not above that average profit derived from the
other industries of the country, and so low as
to effectually discourage "excessive competi-
tion."
4. The protection should beso unvarying as
would '' insure permanence in price and incent-
ives to the exercise of skill."
These surely are the exact elements of that
great fundamental law touching protection,
and the degree of it, which the " revenue re-
formers" of our party have, through their able
and distinguished leader, left with and urged
upon Congress for "consideration " and enact-
ment into laws. I have considered it. And
after the most careful consideration of which
I am capable, 1 say of it two things : the first
is that I approve it—completely and wholly
approve it, both as to its general piinciples
and its details—both as what I believe to
be the true doctrine upon this subject, and
as a formula of great terseness, comprehen-
siveness, and exactness, for the announcement
of just relations of American legislation to
American industries. The other thing X say
of it is that it embodies the doctrine of the
Republican party upon this subject.
la proof of this take the authoritative utter-
ances of our great party. Begin, if you please,
with the convention which first nominated
Mr. Lincoln.
