2430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
word or two in explanation of some remarks
that I made on Thursday last.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] has, by consent of
the Senate, the remainder of the morning hour
for the consideration of a bridge bill, but the
Senator from Nevada desires to make a per-
sonal explanation, which the Chair supposes
will be brief. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. NYE. In discussing the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill on Thursday last
I called particular attention to the case of our
legation at Constantinople. I have been^ in-
formed that some remarks I then made might
be construed as reflecting upon the minister
who was there at the time to which I referred.
Nothing could have been further from my in-
tention. 1 shall always feel exceedingly grate-
ful and thankful to him for the kindness which
he rendered to rae personally and to all per-
sons visiting there from our country. I simply
wished to impress upon the Senate the fact
that our ministers do not receive enough to
enable them to appear as they ought to appear
abroad, without making great inroads into
their private fortunes. If anything that I said
has been const-ued into anything like an un-
friendly intimation, or that the then minister
did not perform fully, faithfully, and liberally
all of his duties;, 1 desire to say ihat f wish no
such construction put upon my language. On
the contrary he did all that could be done, and
represented the country ably, faithfully, and
efficiently in every way.
POTTAWATOMIE INDIANS.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask that Senate
bill No. 944 may receive the consideration
of the Senate a week from to-morrow. It is
a bill of a good deal of importance. It is
with regard to the claims of the Pottawatomie
Indians.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut asks unanimous consent
that the bill (S. No. 944) to provide for the
claims of the Pottawatomie Indians residing
in Michigan and Indiana be made the special
order fur a week from to-morrow at one
o'clock. The Senator from California, the
chairman of the Committeeon Appropriations,
shakes his he^d, which is in the nature of au
object ion. [Laughter. ]
Mr. COLlfi. I do not like to have any other
bill than an appropriation bill assigned for
next wcdc. 1 will facilitate this being con-
sidered at any time when it will not interfere
with other business.
Mr. BUCKING-HAM. I am only anxious
to get it up us early as possible. £ will not
interfere with anything.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it should be
assigned for that day, it will be subject to
unfinished business, or it can be laid on the
table.
Mr. COLE. I do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the bill will
be assigned for the day named if there be no
objection. The Chair hears no objection, and
it is so ordered.
BKIDOKS AT QUINCY AND "WAKSAW.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill colled
up by the Senator from Illinois (S. No. 845)
to authorize the construction of a wagon and
railroad bridge across the Mississippi at Quincy,
Illinois, and establish the same as a post road,
is now belore the Senate as m Committee of
the Whole.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Commerce was to strike out all at'ier the
enacting clause of the bill, and to insert as a
substitute the following:
That it shall be lawful for the Vvr(-stern Illinois
Bridge Company, a corporation existing- under the
lawf.of the State of Missouri, to build a. brid&e across
the Mississippi river sit.t ho city of Quinsy, Illinois, tor
the purpose of crossing persons and pioperiy, such
as axe usually crossed on wagon bridges; and also
to Jay on and oversaid bridge railway tracks for the
more perfect connection of any railroads that arc or
shall Be constructed to rhe said livor at or opposite
said point, and that, when constructed, all persons
and property as aforesaid, and also all trains of all
ron.ds terminating at said river, at or opposite said
point, shall be allowed to cross said bridge ior rea-
sonable compensation, to be made to the owners oi
said bridge, under the linjitations and conditicms
hereinafter provided; and in case of any litigation
or alleged obstruction to the free navigation of said
riVer, the cause maybe tried before thedistrict court
of the United States of any State in which any por-
tion of said obstruction or bridge touchcs; and that
all railway companies desiring to use the said bridge
shall have and be entitled to equal rights and priv-
ileges in the passage of the same, and in the use ot
the machinery and fixtures thereof, and of all the
approaches thereto, under and upon such terms and
conditions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary ot
"War, upon hearing the allegations and proofs of the
parties, in case they shall not agree.
Sec. 2. That said bridge may at tho option of the
company building the same, be built either as a
pivot draw-bridge, or with unbroken or continuous
spans : Provided, That' if the said bridge shall be
made with unbroken orcontinuousspansit shall not
be of less elevation in any case than fifty feet above
high-water mark, as understood at the point of loca-
tion, to the bottom chord of the bridge; nor shall
the spans of said bridge be less than two hundred
and fifty feet in length, and the piers of said bridge
shall be parallel with the current of the river, and
the main span shall be over the main channel of
the river, and not less than three hundred feet in
length: And provided also, That if said bridge shall
be constructed as a pivot draw-bridge, the sumo
shall be constructed with a draw over the main
channel of the river at an accessible and navigable
point, and with spans of not less than one hundred
and sixty feet in length in the clear, on each side of
the central or pivot pier of the draw ; and the next
adjoining spans to the draw shall not be less than
two hundred and titty feet, if the proper location
of the draw-over the channel will admit spans of
this width between it and the shore, and said spans
shall not be less than thirty feet above low-water
mark, and not less than ten feet above extreme
lii'jh-water mark, measuring to the bottom chord
of the bridge, and the piers of said bridge shall be
parallel with the current of the river: And pro-
vided aho, That said draw shall be opened promptly,
upon reasonable signal, for the passage of the boats
whose construction shall not be such as to admit ot
their passage under the permanent spaus of said
bridge, except when trains are passing over the
same; but in no case shall unneessary delay occur
m opening the said draw during or after the passage
of tiains.
Sec.3. That any bridge constructed under this act
and according to it1* limitations shall be a lawtul
structure, and shall be recognized iind known as a
post route, upon which, also, no higher charge shall
be made for the transmission over tho same of the
mails, the troops, and munitions of war of the United
States, than the rate per mile paid for tneir trans-
portation over the railroads or public highways
leading to said bridge, and the United States shall
have the right of way tor postal telegraph purposes
across said bridge.
Sec. 4-. The said company may execute a mort-
gage upon said bridge, and issue bonds, payable,
principal and interest, in gold or United States cur-
rency.
Skc.5. That the right to alter or amend tnis act
so as to prevent or remove all material obstructions
to the n.ivigat ion of said river by the construction
of sanl bridge is hcrebv expressly reserved; and tho
said bridge shall be built under and subject to such
regulations for the security ot the navigation of said
river as tho Secretary of War shall prescribe; and
tho said ^bridge shall be at all times so kept and
managed as to offer reasonable and proper means
for the passage oi vessels.
Srcc. 6. That the plan and specifications, with the.
neceo&ary drawings of said bridt#e, shall be submitted
to the Secretary of War for his approval, and until
lie approve the plan and location of said bridge it
shall not be built or commenced; and should any
change be made in the plan of said bridge during
the progress of the work thereon, such change shall
be subject to the approval of tho Secretary of War;
and all changes in the construction or any alteration
of said bridge that may be directed at any time by
Congicss, shall be made <tt the cost and expense of
the owners thereof.
Sec. 7. That the Warsaw and Alexandria Bridge
Companv, their successors and assigns, a corpora-
tion existing under and by virtue of tho laws ot tho
State of Missouri, be, and is hereby, authorized to
construct and maintain a bridge over the Mississippi
river at and between the city of Waisaw, in Han-
cock county, and State of Illinois, and the city of
j Alexandria, m Clark county, and State of Missouri;
C and tho bridge authorized to be built by this section
lj is hereby declared to be a post route, andshall have
li all the privileges and be subject to all the terms,
}! restrictions, and lequiremcnts contained in the fore-
•j going sections of this act.
;j Mr. CORBETT.. The bill was made to
ji conform to the recommendations of the War
j! Department like other bridge bills, and I
jj believe there will be no objection to its pas-
l! sage.
j: The amendment was agreed to.
j; The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
J| ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
:i The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
i, reading, was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. LOGAN, the title was
amended so as to read; " A bill to authorize
the construction of certain bridges across the
Mississippi river, and to establish the same as
post roads.
PRESIDENTIAL APPJIOVAL.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 12th
instant approved and signed the bill (S. No.
494) placing the name of Theodore S. Com-
paret on the pension-roll.
sale of coal lands.
Mr. STEWART. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 522.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 522) to pro-
vide for the sale of the lands of the United
States containing coal, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Corbett.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This is a very import-
ant bill affecting the interests of the North-
west. I think it ought to be read again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
amendment will first be read. On the third
reading the Senator can demand the reading
of the bill in full.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is in
line thirteen, to strike out "ten" and insert
•'live;" and in line fifteen, to strike out
"twenty" and insert "ten so as to read:
Upon payment to the receiver of not less than
five dollars per acre for such lands when the same
shall be situated more than fifteen miles from any
completed railroad, and not less than ten dollars
per acre for such lands as shall be within fifteen
miles of such road.
Mr. CORBEITT. My object in offering
the amendment is to get a greater revenue
from these lands for the Government than is
now got. We are receiving nothing really
from coal lands. If the price is fixed too high,
they will bo entered as agricultural lands in
almost every case. If you fix a reasonable1
priee, if parties know they are coal lands, they
will not try to deceive the Government, bat
they will enter them at the established price.
I seek to avoid difficulties hereafter that may
possibly arise. My only object is to get the
greatest revenue for the Government. I be-
lieve we shall get a greater revenue under this
amendment than by fixing the price too high.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 have the same object
in view that the Senator from Oregon has, and
[ think the proposition I mean to offer will
bring about better results to the Government.
1 move to amend the amendment by inserting,
instead of " five dollars," "twenty dollars," in
the thirteenth line, and in the fifteenth line, in-
stead of "ten dollars," to insert " $100." Even
twenty dollars an acre for co.tl lands situated
more than fifteen miles from a railroad, and $100
for lands situated within fifteen miles of a rail-
road, is a mere bagatelle. Some of these coal
lands are worth thousands of dollars an acre.
If the Government are going to give them
away let them do so, and not sell them as coal
lands, but sell them as agricultural lands at
SI 25 an acre. I merely.wish totest the sense
of the Senate in reference to selling these
lands. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment to tlie amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I do not object to the
yeas and nays being called, but I will make
one remark. I think the prices in the bill are
already very high, but they are prices recom-
mended by the Department. I have had noth-
ing to do with the preparation of the bill. I
take it as I find it. It is reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and I am opposed to
the amendment.
Mr. CORBEl'T. Since the bill was reported
I have received some letters in regard to these
lands, and the Commissioner of the Geneial
Land Office has informed me thai he is satisfied
the price which had been fixed, although he
recommended it, was too high for the Govern-
ment to get the greatest revenue; that he waa
