1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1535
to have the amendment reported in its present
condition.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert on page 62, after line fifteen hun-
dred and twenty-one, the following:
To enafile the President of the United States to
perfect and put in force such rules regulating the
civil serviee as may from time to time be adopted
by him, 850,000.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall vote and mean
to vote for as much as is necessary of appro-
priation or of power to enable a fair trial to-be
given to what is sometimes denominated civil
service reform. Whether the pending amend-
ment comes within the rauge of that intention,
I should be glad to know. Possibly when I
have been absent from the Chamber, as I have
been at times during the last two or three days,
some member of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, or some other Senator, has stated the
use to be made of the $50,000 now proposed
to be appropriated. If that is so, I should be
sorry tqput that same Senator, or some other,
to the trouble of informing us. If no such state-
ment has been made, then I think it might be
agreeable to other Senators, as well as-to me, to
understand what is to be done with the $50,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why, Mr. President, hag
the Senator from New York forgotten that
this amendment is reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, of which he is primus
inter pares; that it was considered there in
the first place and the sum reduced from
$100,000 to $50,000, and reported in order
that the President might carry out, under the
authority already reposed in him by law, the
duties which the law imposes upon him of
endeavoring to provide some way of improving
the condition of the civil service—I do not
say reforming it, because I do not think that
is a proper statement?
Mr. CON KLIN G. I owe my honorable friend
from Vermont a debt of gratitude which would
be churlish not to acknowledge if I cannot
pay. He has told me several things. He says
I am a member of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, that this subject was before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; and he has even been
so full and satisfactory as to tell me that this
appiopriation of $50,000 is for the purpose of
carrying out the law. So the amendment says,
and this the Senator thinks is enough. The
law is pretty scanty; it gives no clew to the
particular application of the money, and there-
fore it is more difficult than it would be in most
eases to understand what is to be done with
this $50,000.
Alter all he has said I. shall be obliged to
the Senator if he will tell us what is to be done
with it; and I ask in the best of faith. I sup-
posed I knew in part what was to be done, but
I am cast somewhat in doubt by a different
understanding on the part of other Senators.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] yes-
terday expressed his understanding or his sup-
position of what was to be or might be done with
the money. One suggestion that he made was
new to me. If the honorable Senator from
Vermont will tell us, if he knows, what is in
fact, and in particular, to be done with the
money, I should be glad to have that inform-
ation. 1 say to the Senator again I want to
vote for the whole of this amendment, if it all
is necessary, and if it is not, then I want to
vote for so much of it as is necessary. If he
happens to know, orany other Senator happens
to know, what in truth is to be done with it, I
should like to understand it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my honorable
friend from New York has not supposed that
I doubted the faith which he says he has, be-
cause he is a Greek, and everybody has faith
in the Greeks. History, poetry, and the arts
have told us that the Greek faith is not to be
impugned. Therefore, I cannot doubt the fidel-
ity of my honorable friend from New York
to the effort which the executive department
of the Government has been authorized and
required to make in order to improve, I do
not say reform, but improve the condition
of the civil service; and I do not say " reform"
for the reason that the civil service from the
time the President of the United States began
his official career until now has been reformed.
From bad it has become good in a comparative
sense. All men of all parties who have care-
fully investigated the subject know' that. But
while it is good comparatively, it is not perfect.
Therefore, we have passed a law authorizing
and requiring him, as a matter of executive
discretion, to adopt such rules and undertake
such methods to accomplish a more perfect
system of civil administration, in the w'ay of
improving the capacity and fidelity of the peo-
ple who are employed, as shall on examina-
tion seem just to him.
Now, the honorable Senator ask3 me what
we are to do with the money. I am not the
President of the United States. How am I
to know, except that he is to expend it under
the law? His discretion is not mine ; and the
honorable Senator might just as well ask me
what is to be done with the money that we
have appropriated in the Indian bill from year
to year, where the expenditure is confided to the
discretion of the President of the United States
for the civilization and improvement of the
Indian tribes. He may expend it possibly for
gunpowder, but I think that would be an abuse
of trust. He may expend it for plows; he
may expend it in employing proper persons to
go among the Indians and to pursuade them
that the arts of peace are better than the arts
of war; I cannot tell.
I have no right to say what I suppose the
President of the United States is likely to do
with this money in any authoritative sense, as
a member of a committee might report. 1 can
only say that I have faith m the fidelity and
honor and intelligence of the President of the
United States, and when we have committed
to him the delicate and difficult trust of under-
taking some method which shall improve the
administration of the civil service in its details,
in its selections and appointments of persons
to office, in the scrutiny which should be im-
posed upon them as to their fitness to discharge
the functions to which they are called, the hon-
orable Senator must not ask me how this
money in detail is to be expended, because it
is not I who am able to answer in the authori-
tative sense. I can only say that under such
advice as the President of the United States
may think it fit to take, and upon his respon-
sibility to us and to the people, I have no
doubt he will expend the money for wise and
full experiments, if you choose so to call them,
which shall test whether there be _ any possi-
bility of bringing to the public service in mat-
ters of detail and work the best talent, inform-
ation, and fidelity of the country, independent
of religion and politics and Senators and Rep-
resentatives, such as the people desire. I can-
not tell you how he is going to do it. The
Constitution and the law have reposed that
discretion in him, and not in me. My way
might not be his way; his way may not be
mine; but that we can repose in him the dis-
cretion to expend this money in trying this
experiment in such a way as he shall be ad-
vised and shall believe to be the best way to
try it, I have no doubt at all.
Mr. CONKLING. The most improbable
of all the statements made by the Senator is,
that the President's way may not be his way.
I hope he is mistaken about that, because the
Senator's ways are all " ways of pleasantness,
and all his paths are peace."
The Senator has been telling us that I am a
Greek. I can only account for the statement
by the circumstance that the Senator came
into the Chamber some moments ago with a
rare-looking book under his arm, which I see
is now lying before him. Whether he has
been wandering in the sepulcher of buried
epochs, whether he has been musing among
Grecian traditions and recondite lore or clas-
sics, I do not know. It is possible that while
he was out he encountered some one, and
found that
" When Greek joins Greek, then was the tug of
war."
To come to the matter seriously, the Sen-
ator need not doubt that I shall vote as liber-
ally as he for everything just and suitable
touching civil service reform. I think, de-
spite the great reform which has been made
during the present Administration of the civil
service—a reform and improvement which it
would be difficult to overstate—that additional
reform and improvement is possible; and if it
is possible, I feel sure"it will be attained.
1 may not be able to go as far as the Sena-
tor from Vermont in admiration for all that is
said in the name of civil service reform. On
the contrary, very much is said on this subject,
or in this name, which disposes me to different
emotions. Many statements and charges made
ostensibly on behalf of civil serviee reform,
remind me of the feeling of that gifted woman
who, dragged through the streets of Paris,
exclaimed, "Oh, liberty! how many crimes
are committed in thy name !"
Mr. President, perhaps the highest claim
of Christianity to authenticity, the highest
proof it furnishes of divine origin, is the fact
that it has for so many years survived the pro-
fessions of hypocrites and the preaching of
those who were not in earnest. I am inclined
to think that civil service reform, despite all
the uses to which it is applied, despite the
many fictions uttered in its name, will vindi-
cate its claims to respect. So believing, I
assure the Senator from Vermont that I shall
not be far behind him m giving such votes as
seem to me likely to advance honest, truthful
experiments in civil service progress. I agree
witli him that it is not well to call it civil ser-
vice reform.
I shall vote for the pending amendment,
proposing no motion to reduce the amount,
and I shall do it knowing as little of the dis-
position to be made of the money as the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont seems to know—
for if he did know anything about it, I do not
think him so secretive that he wouid be as
economical as he has been iu imparting inform-
ation. I shall vote for it, and rest my vote on
this ground: I have entire confidence in the
probity and the common-sense of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and though, in some
other instance, I should not feel justified in
voting for such an amendment without speci-
fication or understanding as to the use to be
made of the money, I feel sure iu this case
that no use will be made of it in excess, nor
any use foolish, visionary, or unwise; and this
simply because it is the accident and the good
fortune of this occasion that the Chief Magis-
trate of the Republic is one in whom we can
safely confide. If 1 supposed that the money
was to be devoted in ways I have heard sug-
gested by other Senators, and that anything
conveyed by the language of the amendment
was to impose upon the Executive the duty of
disposing of it in such ways, I might hesitate;
but I repeat that I am entirely willing to trust
the discretion of a President who, beyond his
predecessors, lias reformed the civil service
already, and who is intent upon continuing
that reform.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am a little sorry that
my good friend from New York has seemed to
intimate that there may possibly be some ap-
propriateness in connecting the word " hypoc-
risy" (if I do not misunderstand him) with
anybody's action upon the subject of this
amendment. I think that every person who
has heard him and who has heard me on this
subject may possibly be inclined to believe
that I vote for this amendment, this provision
of money, because I believe in it, and think
it can be appropriated in a proper way to the
real improvement of civil serviee. My hon-
orable friend 
Mr. CONKLING. Let me ask the hon-
orable Senator 
