1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
An act (S. No. 828) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across tlie Missouri river
opposite to or within the corporate limits of
Nebraska City, Nebraska;
An act(S. No. 837) to authorize the issue of
an American register to the brig Delphine;
An act (S. No. 857) granting a pension to
Margaret H. Judd, of Wilmington, Delaware;
and
An act (S. No. 910) relating to inventories
and accounts of the property of the United
States iu public buildings and grounds.
custom-house investigation.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope the question
may be taken now on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] limiting
the time to the 25th of June.
Mr. BAYARD. The amendment suggested
by the Senator from Connecticut has been
made.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the order offered by the Senator
from Delaware, that the minority of the com-
mittee on the custom-house investigation be
allowed to present their views on or before
the 25th of June.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that
so that it will read " during the present ses-
sion." I do not want to establish the prece-
dent of going beyond the session.
Mr. THURMAN. That is simply a refusal.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, let it be a
refusal then.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not care to make
matters of ray personal convenience ever a
subject for the consideration of the Senate, or
any question of my personal infirmities; but
the Senator from Vermont know& that my
eyesight has been considerably broken down
during the last three or four weeks, and I
desire to have a few days to attempt to
repair it. I do not know that it has occupied
the attention of the Senator from Vermont
before, although I have reason to -suppose
that he does know it. This will require
the review of over two thousand pages of
closely printed testimony. The facts are be-
fore the Senate ; and if they choose to refuse
to allow this reasonable time for the prepara-
tion of a minority report under the circum-
stances it is for them to decide.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I dislike to have my
friend from Delaware put me in the position
he assumes to place me in, as if I was desirous
to refuse him anything. He ought to know
that I would gladly give him everything; but
I cannot destroy a principle of proper pro-
cedure for the sake of my friend or anybody
else. I repeat that there is not an instance
in the history of the Government, and there
never ought to be, in which any committee
of this body or any part of a committee are
authorized to file as an official document with
the Clerk their views when the Senate is not
present to consider what those views are.
Suppose the views of this minority should be
totally disrespectful and derogatory to the
Senate. Of course I am not speaking of this
as a probable circumstance, or one perhaps
within the range of moral possibility. I only
speak of it as illustrating the true method of
parliamentary procedure. You should not
allow any committee to report aud have a
thing part of your official documents here at
a lime when you could not decide whether you
would receive SGch a report or not. The pre-
cedent cannot be found for such a perform-
ance. That is my objection besides the one
I stated before. Therefore, unless you are to
say that a minority are entitled to more rights
than a majority, and that you cannot have a
minority report until it shall be a review of
the majority report, aud that it may be made
at a time when the Senate cannot decide
whether it is a document proper to be received
or not, this minority must take the same way
that majorities do, and do their official action
during the session aud file it during the session.
If the honorable Senator had asked that he
might have until the first Monday in De-
cember to prepare the views of the minority,
then the Senate would be here and could
determine whether they were proper to be
received; but then the only objection to that
would be the one L have stated before, that it
'would necessarily be really, instead of the views
of the minority upon thecase, the views of the
minority upon the reportof the majority ; and
then the majority might turn around and wish
to file a supplementary report which would be
a rejoinder. That is not the way business is
carried on ; it is not the way it ought to be.
So I say it is asking altogether too much, and
in my opinion an unwise concession, contrary
to principle, for any part of a committee to
ask to file its report or its views, whatever they
may be, out of the session when they can be
received in the regular way. That is my point.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator is assuming
as a fact that which has been precisely stricken
from the consideration of the Senate; and
that is, that the minority propose to review the
report of the majority. It is understood that
that is not the intent; and not only that, but
the majoiity report will not be printed by the
time our report will be ready for printing.
Mr. CASSERLY. The undisputed facts in
this case are simple enough. This investiga-
tion has been on foot since the 3d of January
in New York, and afterward in this city. No
notice of any report was given ; but a report
was brought in last Saturday morning and read
in the committee. That was the first notice I
had that there would be a report or what its
nature would be. My colleague on the com-
mittee, who was at that momcntupon the con-
ference committee on the tariff bill, could not
possibly absent himself to attend in our com-
mittee. That was all understood.
Now, I have no doubt whatever that the
Senator from Wisconsin got his report ready
full as soon as by possibility he could get it
ready. I do not mean to intimate for a mo-
ment that there was any purpose on his part
or that of the majority of the committee to cut
us off from a reasonable time to understand
the report and a reasonable time, if we dis-
sented from it or any part of it, wilhin which
to prepare our views. The whole situation
was the accidental result of circumstances
which to a certain extent none of us could
control. But, sir, what was the situation ?
The situation was that the report was ready on
Saturday; that was the fhst time we knew
about it. I suppose it will not be contended
that the minority have not the right to know
what is in the report of the majority. Until
they do know it is impossible for them to say
whether they assent or dissent. To that extent
therefore they have a right to be acquainted
with its contents.
And more than that, I think it may safely
be contended that they should have a reason-
able time, where the document is a long one
and involving the consideration of two thou-
sand pages of testimony, within which to ex-
amine and consider it and ascertain upon what
points they can agree with the majority, and
upon what points they cannot agree All that
being so, the Senator from Vermont is dis
posed to insist that we shall have no time
longer than the expiration of the session.
That expiration has been fixed for next Mon-
day. The Senator from Vermont knows, and
all the Senate knows, that to us that is simply
indirectly to deny to us tlie right to make any
report or statement whatever.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know any such
thing, if the Senator will pardon me.
Mr. CASSEllLY. If the Senator does not
know it, everybody else I think knows it.
We have been sitting here, and probably shall
sit, as the Senator from Wisconsin said very
justly last Saturday, night aud day until we
get through our work in order to adjourn on
the day fixed, which is next Monday.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to ask the Sea-
ator from California a question. I ask him
whether there has not been practically a sus-
pension of all service upon that committee
for the last six or seven weeks? Has it not
been that length of time since we have sub-
penaed any witnesses before us? The point
of the inquiry is whether the minority iu this
case have not had the same opportunity, the .
same means of writing oat their views, that the
majority of the committee have had?
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the question of
my associate on the committee, the Senator
from Indiana, is answered by what I said,
that until the report of the majority was ready
to be presented in the committee it was im-
possible for us to say whether we should be
under the necessity of making any minority
report. Why should we prepare a report that
might in no substantial particular differ from
the report of the majority? I repeat, until
the majority report was read in the committee
it was inadmissible to say that we could be
called upon to take notice of what it would
be, or to assent or dissent; and I may say in
further illustration, if my friend will permit
me, that there are portions of the report, as I
understood them, in regard to the proposed
remedies in which I imagine the minority
would be disposed to concur, certainly with
some amendments. Sir, what folly it would
be for us to prepare a voluminous document
which on every essential point would be a
mere repetition of the views of the majority !
Of course the result is that until we heard
those views we did not know what there was
to assent to or dissent from. We did hear
them on Saturday, and I repeat that it is
impossible for any minority or any number of
men to go over two thousand pages to ascer-
tain in what particular they are disposed to
contest the statement of the majority, either
by way of conclusions from the evidence, or
by way of recommendation of remedies, in
the time that remains of this session and do
our duty here as Senators. And, sir, if we
must let one or the other thing go, we must
hold on to our duties in the Senate, because a
mistake or a mischief resulting from the ab-
sence either of my colleague on the committee
or myself in matters of legislation is irrepar-
able ; the loss of a statement by us with the
consent of the Senate is not irreparable,
because I suppose there may be other w.ays of
getting our views before the country.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I gave way to
have a vote taken. That was the request.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 did not so understand.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say a word.
Mr. President, there could be no majority or
minority of this committee until the report
was read. How could there be a majority or
a minority of the committee until the report
was read which the committee was to submit
to the Senate? I should like somebody to
classify them.
Mr. PRATT. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Ohio a question in that connection. Is
it not true that the views of the minority of
the Ku Klux Committee were prepared and
printed at the same time that the report of
the majority was prepared ?
Mr. THURMAN. I was not on the Ku
Klux Committee, and that committee must
answer for itself. If it had conferences and
verbally came to an understanding as to its
views, the views of some of the members being
one way and the views of the others being the
other, there was a majority and a minority.
But that was not the case here. It is not pre-
tended that there had been any such verbal
communication as developed a difference of
opinion in the members of this committee;
nothing of that kind is pretended : and there-
fore I want to know what was the majority
and what was the minority of this committee
before the report was made?. Was there a
majority to acquit, or was there a majority to
condemn? Where was it? What constituted
