S328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
■with the evidence, will be made, and the
motion to print the extra copies, which I
understand to be ten thousand 
Mr. HAMLIN. Ten thousand of the report,
and two thousand of the evidence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to print ten thousand copies of the report, to-
gether with the views of the minority, and two
thousand of the report and views with the evi-
dence, will go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will add one other mo-
tion: "and thattwohandredadditional copies
be printed for the use of the War Depart-
ment."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That mo-
tion also will go to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. THURMAN. In the long debate that
took place on the resolution for the appoint-
ment of the committee on investigation that
has just reported, I took no part, and I think
no member on this side of the Chamber took
any part. I had determined, after examining
that testimony for myself, to make up my mind
on it whether there was anything that needed
the observation of the Senate or the country.
The report is now made; all the testimony
with it; and it is to be printed for the use of
the Senate. The motion is made to print
extra copies for distribution among the people.
What I wish to say is that before that motion
shall be acted upon I hope sufficient time will be
given for examining the report and the testi-
mony. It will be printed for the use of the
Senate, and I hope that the Committee 011
Printing will not call up any resolution they
may report for the printing of extra copies
until a sufficient time shall have elapsed for
every one to investigate the report and the
testimony. It is possible that on that motion
to print extra copies a debate will arise. If
there are matters that demand observation
before the Senate or that demand the attention
of the Senate 111 these reports and in this testi-
mony, the proper time to notice them will be
when that resolution for the printing of extra
copies shall be before the Senate. I hope, there-
fore, the Committee on Printing will not call
up any resolution, if they should report one,
for the printing of extra copies until we have
all had time to examine tho report and the
testimony.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I say to the Senator from
Ohio that I will cooperate with him precisely
in the hue he has suggested.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 desire that because, as
I stated, we said nothing 011 this side of the
Chamber upon this subject while it remained
simply in assertion and denial. We waited
for the proof. Now we have the evidence and
we want time to examine it. If we find upon
that evidence that there should be a verdict
of acquittal, no matter whom it may affect,
whether they are our personal friends or our
political friends or political foes, we shall be
ready to pronounce that verdict of acquittal.
If we find, on the other hand, that there is
matter to condemn, 1 hope that 110 one will
hesitate to do his duty by condemning.
MESSAGE FROM TUB IIOUSK.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherkon, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House insisted on its amend-
ment to the bill (S. No. 403) to enable the
President to appoint a Paymaster General
of the Army, agreed to the conference asked
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. William G. Donn'an of Iowa, Mr. Jonx
Couurn of Indiana, and Mr. Hexky W. S1.0-
cu.M of New York, managers at the same on
its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. It. No. 2713) to estab
lish a mail route; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
AMENDATORY ENFORCEMENT ACT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 791) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an act approved May 81,
1870, entitled 'An act to enforce the rights of
citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of the Union, and for other
purposes.' "
Mr. THURMAN. This interlude is so much
more interesting than the play in which we are
engaged, and has diverted the attention of the
Senate, I fancy, so much from the bill before
them, that they have quite forgotten what is
the subject now under consideration, and it
will make it necessary for me to repeat in a
few words what I had before said.
The Senator from Louisiana moves to amend
the bill by inserting the printed amendment
which is upon our table; that is to say, by
amending the seventh section of the original
act so that it shall read as is provided in this
amendment; in other words, to extend the
seventh section of the act to all the election
precincts that are provided for in the bill that
is now before the Senate, instead of its being
confined to cities and towns of twenty thousand
inhabitants.
Mr. KELLOGG. Is the Senator upon the
amendment now pending to amend the seventh
section?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG. I had lost sight of it in
the discussion that has ensued. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly; and 1 have
no doubt everybody else in the Senate did but
myself, and I should have lost sight of it if I
had not been compelled to speak to it. [Laugh-
ter.] That is the pending amendment, and I
move to amend that amendment by striking
out all after the word "amended," in the
second line, and inserting " be, and the same
is hereby, repealed;" so that if my amend-
ment prevails it will be a repeal of the seventh
section of the original act.
Now, sir, once more, let us see what this
seventh section is, which it is now proposed
to extend to every election precinct in every
congressional distiict in the whole Union, or
it may be so extended in case supervisors are
appointed. It provides that if any supervisor
shall be hindered or obstructed in the discharge
of his duty, or bribed or attempted to be bribed,
or attempted to be hindered or obstructed, or
in any way interfered with, he shall report tho
facts to the principal supervisor, an officer
appointed by the circuit, court, and one of its
own commissioners; and thereupon it is made
the duty of that principal supervisor to do
this:
And upon receiving any such report, it shall bo
the duty of tho said chiof supervisor, acting both in
such capacity and officially as a commissioner ot the
circuit court, to forthwith examine into all the facts
ttiorcof, tosubpenaandcompcl the attendance before
him ot witnesses, administer oaths and take testi-
mony in rcspoct to the charges made, and prior to
the assembling of tho Congress in whieli any such
Representative or Delegate was voted for to have
tiled with the Clerk of theilouse ot Representatives
of tho Congress of tho U mted States all the evidence
by him taken, all information by him obtained, and
all reports to hnn made.
The first thing that I ask is, cui bono?
What good is to come of this action of this
chief supervisor? Suppose that he goes on,
makes an investigation, takes testimony ever
so voluminous, and files it with the Clerk of
the House of Representatives, pray of what
value is that evidence? Not one word of it
can be read in a contest of the election of a
member of Congress. We have a law in regard
to taking testimony in contested elections.
The House, at this very session, passed an act
amending that law. Your Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections reported the House bill
back to the Senate with additional and carefully
prepared amendments, and in that amended
form it has passed the Senate, I believe. It
will undoubtedly become a law, and will make
a very perfect law for the taking of testimony
in all cases of contested elections, and no tes-
timony, except testimony thus taken, pursuant
to the provisions of that law, can be used in
the case of a contested election in the House
of Representatives. Of what use, then, is this
provision that this chief supervisor shall go
to work and, ex parte, make an investigation
in regard to the election of a member of Con-
gress, and lay ail that testimony before the
House of Representatives, when it will not be
worth the paper upon which it is written?
Again, the whole thing is impracticable un-
less you are prepared to make larger appro -
priations for the purpose. How can this chief
supervisor take this testimony; how can he
make this investigation; how can he summon
witnesses, bring them from a great distance
to the place where he shall take the testi-
mony, keep them here for days, pay all their
expenses, all their witness fees, and all the
expenses incident to such an examination as
that—how can he do that without money ? And
you do not give him a dollar to do it. The
bill does not give him a dollar to do it. The
section to which it is an amendment does not
give him a dollar to do it. The consequence
is, that no man will do any such thing unless
he is paid by a party to make a party report
for a partisan purpose. The whole effect of
the section, if it stands in the bill, is this:
that where a parly for partisan purposes, for
the purpose of creating a prejudice, shall see
fit to get up .such a report as this, and pay the
expenses, then they can get it up to influence
public opinion, or to influence and bias the
minds of members of the House -of Repre-
sentatives ; but, as I said before, the testi-
mony thus taken is wholly useless, for not one
word of it can be read on the contest of an
election.
The whole section, therefore, is unneces-
sary. It never ought to have been in the
original bill. There never was any reason for
it in the original bill, and instead of amend-
ing it, and extending it as wide as this bill
proposes now to extend that law, it ought to
be stricken out. I hope, therefore, the motion
I make, which is to repeal that seventh sec-
tion, will prevail.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have not examined the
section especially heretofore with reference to
other parts of the bill; neither do I think
it is ol very great importance ; but it has oc-
curred to me that the pimcipal object prob-
ably the framers of the original bill had was
to accumulate and perpetuate the testimony
at the time when it was easily obtainable, aud
not wait until a lapse of weeks and months,
and until in the mean time, after a consider-
able interim, Congress snail have assembled.
I, for the life of me, cannot see any very great
objection to it; but after hearing what the
Senator says 
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to show the
Senator that that is no reason at all. Under the
law in regard to contested elections, notice of
contest must be served within thirty or sixty
days ; it is not more than sixty days after the
member elect receives his certificate of elec-
tion ; and the testimony must all be taken
within a very short time after that. Only
about sixty days are allowed to take the tes-
timony. So that the testimony must betaken
upon a contested election quite as soon as it
could be taken under this bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I think I will venture,
without having consulted with the chairman
of the committee, inasmuch as I offered this
amendment, to withdraw it. But I think we
had better leave the section of the act that it
proposes to amend, the seventh section, stand
as in the original bill, and I hope the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator to repeal that
section, if he should insist upon it, will not be
agreed to. I think that is the safest course.
The committee must have had some very good
reason at the time for inserting the section,
and 1 think evidently the intention was to fur-
nish and perpetuate testimony at the time, so
that they could at least put the witnesses upon
the record, and the fair presumption is, in such
a case, when Congress assembled, that having
once been put upon the record, if not in an
