2482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
the pending question, and proceed to the
consideration of the bill named by him.
The question being put, a division was
called for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope Senators will not
ask a division when the general understand-
ing was, on Friday last, that the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Pool] was obliged to go
away, and that we should not proceed with
the case, after we had heard the Senator from
Ohio, until Mr. Pool's return, but that we
would lay it over and consider the question
and go on with the deficiency bill. I hope
gentlemen will not insist upon finishing this
case now.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As far as I was con-
cerned I had no such understanding. 1 have
to be away myself the week after next, and I will
consent to no understanding by which there
shall be a postponement of this case until a
time when I must be absent. I do not think
there was any understanding on this side of
)he House to that effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was distinctly and
publicly stated and discussed here in the pres-
ence of those Senators who did the Senate the
honor to be here on thai, occasion, that if we
did not go on on Saturday, as the Senator
from North Carolina was obliged to go away,
we would to-day hear the Senator from Ohio,
and then go on with the deficiency bill for the
disposition of which there is an urgent and
pressing necessity, which was stated by the
Senator from California. No person on that
occasion made any objection. I do not say
that it was one of those unanimous under-
standings that bind the Senate in spite of
itself. I only appeal to gentlemen to treat
the question fairly and allow this matter to be
suspended for the present.
Mr. SAULSBURY. i understood the Vice
President this morning to state that no under-
standing was had in reference to the subject.
That was my understanding this morning from
the Chair, and 1 insist that this question, which
has been debated long enough, should be dis-
posed of. There are other questions besides
appropriation bills that ought to be heard, and
this question affecting the right, of the State
of North Carolina to have a representative
in this Chamber is as important a question, 1
think, as is likely to come up. If we post-
pone this until next week, I know that there
are at least three gentlemen who will then
necessarily bo absent from this Chamber.
Now, it is not fair that other gentlemen should
be put to inconvenience because the Senator
from North Carolina is out of the way. He
could have been paired as well as those who
have to leave next week. I hope the question
will be proceeded with. He was offered the
lloor for Saturday. I would certainly not be
discourteous to that Senator or any other Sen-
ator; but when other Senators are to be in-
convenienced for the accommodation of one
Senator who knew that this was the pending
question and chose to leave and go home with-
out seeking a pair and after refusing the floor
lor the purpose of making his speech on Sat-
urday, 1 think it is asking entirely too much.
Others will have to be away next week. I
think we should not be asked to agree to submit
this case to a vote when we shall be away and
not be able to vote upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
from Delaware does not, I think, quite seem
to comprehend the situation of this case. Those
of us who made the suggestion that I have
named made it in the interest of reaching a
fair conclusion on a disputed question of law,
and to be able after hearing and rending the
argument on both sides to come to a just con-
clusion. He treats it as if it were predeterm
ined by everybody in this body exactly how
he is going to vote, and that you may as well
dispose of it now as at any time. I do not
consider it in that light. I wish carefully to
read the speech of the honorable Senator from
Ohio who has just spoken. I have attempted
to listen as well as I could ; but, as we know,
we are often called out to attend to matters
that are specially in our charge, and I have
lost the thread considerably of what he has
been saying. I was in the same condition as
to the Senator from Wisconsin, and the Sen-
ator from Illinois, and my colleague. Now,
this being a question of lij.w, after the matter
has been fully displayed upon both sides, (and
the best arguments no doubt that can be made
upon both sides have been made,) it is not
adverse to the interests of justice and fair play
that Senators should take time to consider. I
have heard of courts on questions of law that
did exactly that thing. That is exactly what
I wish to do. Having now no determined
opinion as to how I shall vote, having heard the
arguments as much as I have, I have an im-
pression as to what the result must necessarily
and legally be; but before I commit myself
by a vote which determines the title to this
office as to that impression, I wish carefully to
reflect upon the subject and read over at my
leisure the very able observations that have
been made upon both sides. So it is not like
a case where it is a party question or a matter
easily determined. It was said on Friday
when we adjourned over Saturday that we
would to day hear my honorable frieud from
Ohio who has spoken so ably, and then—I do
not say that is a binding agreement ou the Sen-
ate, but it is a thing that was publicly suggested
and no gentleman objected—as the Senator
from North Carolina who had aspecial interest
in the matter and wishedto be heard was obliged
to go away, that we would consider for awhile
this matter, and take up the more practical,
pressing question of this deficiency bill. I
suggest, therefore, to myfriend from Delaware
not to insist on forcing this thing to a vote at
this moment.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin and the Senate will indulge
the Chair. As the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Saulshi-ry] has referred directly to what he
stated this morning, the Chair will read from
the Globe the colloquy that occurred on Fri-
day, and which he of course referred to this
morning when he stated that there was no
positive understanding.
" Mr. Thcrman obtained the floor."
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill]
then suggested that Senator Pool would be
absent. Then this occurred :
" Mr. Thitemax. I do not want to speak to empty
benches. It the matter goes over until Monday, I
want an understanding that it shall be coneludedon
Monday.
"Mr. Morrill, of Maine. 1 wish to say, on
farther consultation with the Senator from North
Carolina, that if it is the pleasure of the Senate to
adjourn until to-morrow the Senator trotn North
Carolina will speak to-morrow.
" Mr. Pool rose.
".The Vice President. Does the Senator from
Ohio yield to the Senator from North Carolina with
that understanding?
" Mr. Thurmak. Certainly; I am willing that he
may take the iloor now.
" Mr. Pool. No, sir, I did not rise for that pur-
pose.
"Mr. Hitchcock. I believe the Senator from
Ohio undertook to give way to mo to make a motion
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
"Several Senators. No.no.
" Mr. Xhurmax. 1 am willing that tiiat question
bhall be put.
"The Vice President. The Senator from Ohio
being on the lioor yields to the Senator from Ne-
braska, wno desires to enter a motion that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next. Is there objection ?
'' Mr. Colb. I object.
" Mr. Morrill, of Maine. I suggest that in view
of the fact that the Senator Irom North Carolina
de?ircs to address the Senate, and cannot be here on
Monday, the Senate, under those circumstances, will
be disposed to sit to-morrow."
Here occurs what was the final- statement of
Mr. Pool:
" Mr. Pool. Isha.ll not bo able to be hero any day
next week. If I should address the Senate to-mor-
row, and tnc vote should not be reached to-morrow,
T should still want final action postponed until I
eould return, for I might desire to take still further
part in the debate than simply addressing the Senate
once.
" Mr. Thurman . Then let us have final action to-
morrow.
"Mr. Stewart and others. Yes, let us act to-
morrow.
" The Vice President. The Senator from Ohio is
still entitled to the floor.
" Mr. Thurman. If theSenator from North Caro-
lina desires to take the floor now for to-morrow, I
will give way for him to move an adjournment him-
self.
" Mr. Pool. I have no such desire. .
" Mr. Thurman. Then there is nothing before the
Senate, and I move that the Senate adjourn."
This colloquy, to which the Chair referred
this morning, shows that the absent Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] stated that
he was willing to vote on Saturday if the vote
could be reached on Saturday, but that if it
was not finally determined in the Senate, then
he would desire an opportunity to be heard
before the final determination, and he eould not
be here during this week. After that the Sen-
ator from Ohio offered him the floor to take
it without any positive understanding that there
should be final action on Saturday, and the
Senator from North Carolina declined to take
it. He then yielded for a motion to adjourn,
which was changed to a motion for an execu-
tive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Chair will pardon
me, I will add to what the Chair has stated,
as Senators well know, that the part of this
colloquy as to what we would do to which I
specially referred took place after the doors
had been closed for an executive session, they
being considered as open, but when the re-
porters were not present. I hope, therefore,
my friend from Delaware will not insist upon
going ou with this matter at this time.
Mr. CARPENTER. I was not here the
last half hour of the session on Friday, but I
know that the Senator from North Carolina
left here with the understanding that after the
remarks of the Senator from Ohio should be
submitted to-day the matter was to be post-
poned to take up the deficiency bill. I was
informed myself that that arrangement had
been arrived at. I have been under that im-
pression all day, and have heard no other opin-
ion expressed. When the Senate are informed
by the only Senator from North Carolina that
he desires to speak upon the subject, and has
left under this understanding of the matter, it
would seem to me to be a course of proceed-
ing toward that absent Senator that never has
been taken by the Senate toward any member
since I have been in the body; and while it is
true that there is no binding understanding
that the Chair will enforce in a technical sense,
yet there was that understanding which in-
duced Mr. Pool to leave, and which induced
the Senate to adjourn over Saturday, and it
seems to me but generosity toward him, as well
as justice toward the importance of this ques-
tion, to postpone it.
Mr. CONK.LING. Let mo make a sugges-
tion. There was more than my friend from
Wisconsin has stated and more than my friend
from Vermont has stated, and I think every-
body's memory who was here will confirm
what I am about to say. This matter was
considered in connection with a motion to
adjourn over Saturday. The Senator from
California made a very urgent appeal, caus-
ing to be read statements from the Depart-
ments on which he grounded his appeal in
behalf of the deficiency bill and acting upon
it at once. If this election case was to go on
and continue without giving him an interval
to consider his deficiency bill, many Senators
thought that Saturday should lie employed, and
that we should begin at once. In answer to
that suggestion it was proposed to consider the
election case to-day so long as the honorable
Senator from Ohio wished to occupy the iloor,
and then that the election case should give way
and the Senator from California should get up
the deficiency bill. I say it was an under-
standing as much in my judgment as has ever
been arrived at by the Senate when I have been
piesent. It was stated, it was known, that
Senators who were going to vote to adjourn
