640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
injured by it; and that is an answer to all
anticipated danger on that score. I believe it
is not asserted that up (o this time any serious
ground of complaint lias ever existed. One
of the principal reasons urged in England for
a change in their system is thus set forth by
General Washburn, on page 6 of his report:
" But notwithstanding the moderate charges of the
British telegraph as compared with ouvh, the idea of
taking possession ofitby the Government and oper-
ating it in connection with the Post Office Depart-
ment had long been entertained there by many
persons well informed in telegraphy, and finally the
chambers of commerce of thirty prominent cities
of the kingdom memorialized the House of Commons
in favor of the measure.
" This memorial set forth thai the petitioners had
'reason to complain not only of the high rates
charged by the existing companies for the ti ansmis-
sion of messages, of frequent and vexatious delays
in the delivery, and of their inaccurate rendering,
but that many important towns, and even whole
districts, are unsupplicd with the means of tele-
graphic communication.'"
He shows further, on page 8, tliat the chan-
cellor of the exchequer, on moving for leave
to introduce the bill before Parliament, among
other things, said:
" Our present system did not givo satisfaction to
the commercial world. Last year adoputation from
the associated chambers of commerce waited upon
tho postmaster general and himself at the treasury
to present ft memoiial upon this subject, and they
had also petitioned tho House of Commons. They
complained ol' the high rates, vexatious delays, tho
inaccurate rendoring of messages, nnd the absenco
of telegraphic communication in whole districts."
Doubtless these memorials and that state of
fact had much todo with the change of system
there. Nothing of that sort exists here. No
chamber of commerce, no hoard of trade, no
body of men, 110 individual, as far as I an
advised, has ever presented a memorial or
petition to Congress or any committee of it,
making any complaint or ahking any change
in our system. Suiely it will be time enough,
when well-founded public clamor is raised, to
consider the propriety of making the radical
change now proposed. Until t hat state of ease
is developed, wo certainly ought not to tax
an already tax-burdened people an additional
$00,000,000, and an annual sum thereafter
of not less than $10,000,000, to relieve not
exceeding two hundred and filiy thousand peo-
ple now using Lhe telegraph, none of whom
complain, ask relief, or object- to paying the
charges now impo.sed upon tliem l'or the use
of it.
It will be observed, by an examination of
the law of June 24, 38(50, (see Statutes-at-
Large, vol. 14, page 221,) under the provision
of which lhe present bill of the.hitc chairman
was framed, (under what law the substitute
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Palmkr]
was framed, i do not know,] that the Govern-
ment cannot nossibly lose any of its existing
rights, or be prejudiced in any manner by delay.
The right to purchase on the terms therein
specified exists for all time. All the compa-
nies now existing have signed the contract.
Time may develop evils not now existing. We
wiil never be more in debt and less able to
contract new debts than we are now, 1 hope.
The parties interested are not complaining,
and every right and interest of the Govern-
ment is now fully protected.
Section two of the .let gives priority over
all other business now, at such rates as the
Postmaster General may annually fix, to all
the Departments of the Government, their
officers and agents, over all the lines of all
the companies.
Section three provides that the rights and
privileges hereby granted shall not be trans-
ferred by any company acting under this act to
any other corporation, association, or person ;
provided, however, that the United States may
at any time after the expiration of five years
from the date of the passage of this act, for
postal, military, or other purposes, purchase
uii the telegraph lines, property, and the effects
of any or all of said companies at an appraised
value, to he ascertained by five competent and
ditinterested persons, two of whom shall be
selected by the Postmaster General of the Uni-
ted States, two by the company interested, and
one by the four so previously selected.
I do not think the bill before the select com-
mittee even approached compliance with the
terms of that law. It undertook to determine
in advance the basis of value, in which the
value of the franchises granted by the several
States, and the, it may be, certain future in-
crease in value of the lines are ignored ; it did
not bind the Government, while it, did bind
the companies to abide by the valuation of the
appraisej-s ; it expressly resubmits the whole
subject to Congress after the price is fixed, to
accept if we have obtained the advantage, and
to reject if we have not; while the companies
have no such right, and are not allowed even
to suggest the basis of valuation. Such a
proposition between private individuals would
not be considered for a moment. We can
only carry out the law of 18G6, according to
its true intent and meaning, by passing an act
binding the Government to take the property
and pay for it, according to the decision of
the appraisers appointed in accordance with
its provisions, taking the same chances as the
companies do as to whether that may be high
or low, without dictating to them in advance
how they shall proceed to cut down the value
of the property. Any other course would be
justly liable to the stigma which General
Washburn put upon Mr. Hubbard's scheme as
being a game of ''heads I win, tails you lose."
Of course, the rejection by Congress of the
appraisement would be a distinct order to
any other appraisers to put down the price
to such a point as Congress might indicate,
which is simply equivalent to taking the prop-
erty of these companies at anything Congress
may see fit to give them, which I consider an
unjustifiable proceeding, to use the mildest
possible term. Government cannot afford to
bo unjust, or take advantage of its citizens in
contracts for property which it would not
allow one citizen to take in his dealings with
another, and surely no gentleman here would
pass such a bill as this, to carry out a law like
that of 1800, if the transaction was between
two or more citizens in regard to private rights.
But I must, hurry on; I have no time in
which to argue such a question as this. I can
only make suggestions, each member for him-
self must supply the argument. The reports and
documents alone, as you know, extend over
one hundred and eighty closely-printed pages,
which makes a detailed argument in an hour
impossible. Another and a very serious objec-
tion to the governmental system is the utter
impossibility of controlling it along the great
lines of railroads which now ramify and are
constantly extending over every part of the
continent. The railway mileage of the United
States now exceeds fifty thousand miles, along
all of which the telegraph lines are extended
and connected; our telegraphic mileage of
poles or line is seventy-five thousand miles,
and of wire about one hundred and thirty
thousand, most of the increase of mileage
wire over line being along the great railroads ;
so that at least two thirds, if not three fourths
ofour telegraphic communication areeonnected
with if not directly coutrolled by our railroad
system. All our railroad trains are more or
less run and directed by telegraphic informa-
tion and orders, so that a well-regulated tele-
graph system has become an indispensable
part of all railroad operations.
I do not suppose even the Postmaster Gen-
eral, under the Government system, proposes
to deprive the raihoads of the use of the tele-
graph, or to take eontrol by Government offi
eials of the stations on the roads, and direct
the communications necessary to govern the
running of the trains or the ordinary business
of the company.
The bill heretofore presented only prohibits
the transmission of messages for pay. In that
state of case, I would like to know how the
much-boasted secrecy which isto prevail under
the new governmental system is to beenforced
along all the great lines of railroad. Our oper-
ators all read and write out these dispatches
phonographieally. In that regard they are
greatly in advance of European operators, as
all the proof shows. Every railroad oper-
ator knows as well what is said, by the click
of the instrument at his station, as the gov-
ernment officials do at either end, and so lie
does not charge for it he can tell the officials
of his company and anybody else, orally or by
dispatch, u 11 he learns then as well as now.
He has only to write, if he communicates by
dispatch, in cipher, in figures, or in terms
previously agreed on, and every important
piece of information is made public at once,
and it cannot be prevented whenever a wire
touches a railroad station.
Again : as at present organized, all our tele-
graph companies are operating under charters
from the different States; hold their franchises,
lands, and other property subject to State
licenses and State taxation, the western Union
alone, as Mr. Orton testified, paying for Fcdeial
and State taxes the interest on $1,000,000 of
its capital annually. If the Government, under
the act of July 24, 1866, purchases the tele-
graph lines, it must hold them upon the same
terms, under the same franchises, and subject
to the same control by the States, as the pres-
ent companies do. What lands, houses, and
other property, real or personal, these com-
panies hold or own, and under what contracts
or upon what conditions they are held, I
presume no member of this House knows; I
certainly do not The act of July 24, 1800,
allowed each company to acquireand hold forty
acres of land at each station, fifteen miles from
another station, in all the Territories of the
United States; and they doubtless exercised
their privilege, and some of them probably are
extensive landholders in the various States of
the Union, now, under their charters.
The United States will, of course, by the pur-
chase proposed, become the owner of all the
property, real or personal, now owned by these
companies ; and it becomes a question worthy
of the serious consideration of Congiess, how
Car the United States lias the right thus to be-
come the owner and holder of, it may be, large
quantities of real estate in the several States
tor the purposes provided in this bill. I know
of no constitutional warrant for thus acquit ing
and holding real estate by the United States
in the several States, the only provision on that,
subject being that Congress has power to exer-
cise exclusive legislation " over all places pur-
chased by the consent of the Legislature of the
State in which the same shall be, for the erec-
tion of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards,
and other needful buildings."
The proposed purchase, or seizure—call it
what you will—does not come within any of
the objects mentioned in the Constitution, nor
is it by proper and necessary implication, con-
nected with them. I am unable, therefore, to
see by what authority Congress can interfere
with the right of eminent domain in the States,
believing that our action must be in accord-
ance with some constitutional provision ; but
I have no time to argue orelaborate that prop-
osition. I merely throw out, the suggestion of
difficulty in that matter, adopting the follow-
ing extract from the report of Committee on
the Post Office and PosfcBoads of the Fortieth
Congress:
"The right of Congress under the Constitution to
grant a charter to a corporation lor doing a private
bu&mcss within the States is seriously questioned,
iixeept m the case of the Bank of the United States
and the present system of national banking associa
tions, both of which were established as a part of
the fiscal system of the country, and from motives
purely ol a public nature, the committee are not
aware that Congress has ever granted any charter of
incorporation, or by a general law authorized the
establishment of joint stock corporations, except in
the District of Columbia.
,, Theirrpfusaj to do so, in the recent case of tho
Rational Telegraph Company, is a significant illus-
tration of their poiicy in this regard. What was said
in that case is equally applicable in this, that tho
thing specially sought for is tho Federal indorse-
