mm
THE CONGKESSIONAll GLOBE).
March 8,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not just now, if the
Senator will pardon me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont declines to yield.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator de-
cline to yield ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly and eutirely,
at this moment.
My honorable friend seems to vote for it,
not because he believes in the thing itself, but
because he believes in the person to whom the
expenditure is intrusted. Now, which of ns
is justly entitled to the epithet of being guilty
of ''hypocrisy," I would leave, as other great
statesmen have done, to posterity to decide.
What our faith is in this thing will be judged
probably by our works.
Now, sir, having completed the sentence I
was undertaking to deliver when my friend
interrupted me, I shall be very glad indeed to
hear anything from him at this tune.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator is so accom-
modating all around that I feel bound to avail
myself of the interruption, although the par-
ticular occasion for it has gone by. I suppose
he is aware that he has been lighting a wind-
mill. ITe rose probably for the purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, certainly, I am aware
of that. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. He seems to be entirely
aware of it. He sets out perhaps as the knight
mentioned iu that book which he has under
his arm—1 have not been able to Cud out what
it is 
Air. EDMUNDS. You will know pretty
soon.
Mr. CONKLING. There was a knight, very
likely mentioned in that book, who used to go
out and fight windmills. Is it possiblo that
the Senator understood me to allude to this
measure in respect to hypocrisy, and much
more to allude to him? Not at all. I said
that as the Christian religion had vindicated
itself in spite of all the hypocrisy connected
iflfith it, so I believed civil service reform would
survive all the uses foreign to its real purpose
to which its name was put. I£ the honorable
Senator from Vermont requires an assurance
that, I did not refer to this amendment or to
him, although I think that assurance can hardly
bo necessary, I have great pleasuie iu giving
it to him.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I know perfectly well
that no assurance is necessary from my friend,
whatever emphasis he may put upon the word.
[Laughter.]
Mr. President, I have only a word further to
say iu reply to my good friend from Now York.
He has undertaken to suggest to the Senate, and
very properly, that my allusion to anything in
history must, depend upon knowledge of a very
recent date. It is not every man's lorlune
to be born with all knowledge attainable the
moment he enters into this world, and f must
confess that that is one of the chief differences
between my good friend from New York and
myself, lie seems to have knowledge from
the beginning. I get it by daily studies; and
among my daily studies [happened to discover
this morning in a Blackwood for 1839, which,
ipstead of being Greek, I believe is English—
if I am wrong my friend will correct me—a
lii.tle article on the subject of civil service and
appointments to office ; and, as rather apposite
to thip precise ca->e just now and the present
method of appointments to office, I should
like to ask the pardon of the Senate and of
my honorable friend from New York while I
read perhaps a column of this account given
by an Englishman who undertook to get ap-
pointed an inspector of navigation under the
commissioners of navigation iu Ireland. It
is so appropriate to this specitie occasion and
the present method of appointments that 1
think I justified in reading it. This gen-
tleman was, introduced into the presence of
the appointing power, the lord lieutenant of
Ireland, by a letter of introduction, not writ-
ten by a Senator, for they have no Senators iu
England, but written by a lord. He carried
the letter over to the lord lieutenant, was
received, and after the letter was read the
lord lieutenant addressed him in this way:
"' Hum—ha—exactly so—yes—just so. Hum—your
business—with—hum—ah—me? ' inquired the Vis-
count Cremona, as X entered his lordship's study,
having previously sent in my card.
"' I have the honor to bo the bearer of a letter
from the Earl of Oiangallaher to your lordship,'
was my prompt reply, presenting at the same time
my credentials." *******
"' Hum—ha—just so—exactly so—so I thought-
yes—what do you want?' inquired the viscount,
flinging Lord Clangallaher's letter contemptuously
upon the study table, in a style that convinced me
his lordship, though a nobleman, was no gentle-
man—not in the remotest degree.
"' I understand, my lord,' said I, ' your lordship
is one of tho commissioners of national navigation.'
"'Hum—ha—so I thought—just so—exactly so—
ha—hum 1'
" 'And I was led to believe, by the Earl of Clangal-
laher, that, on his acoount, your lordship might be
disposed to take into your favorable consideration
my application to bo appointed one of the inspectors
under the board at which your lordship so ably
presides.'
"'Hum—ha—take a seat for a minute, will ye?
Though—hum—I am rathor engaged this morning—
exactly so—just 80—hum—ha—ha—hum 1'
'"I hope, my lord,' continued I,' that if I should
be so fortunate as to obtain the situation through
the generous interference of your lordship, I shall
discharge my duty with zeal, fidelity, and' 
"'Pooh!—hum—he—just so—so 1 thought. Have
you—hum—any other interest ?—Eh—ha—hum 1'
" ' No interest at all, my lord, unless 1 succeed in
having tho advantage of securing succcss, iti secur-
ing that of your lordship.'
" ' Hum—ha—you see, mister—eh—ah—oh, yes !—
mistor—hum—very well—you know—we don't do
these things on personal—hum—grounds. Now, my
Lord Clangallahor—you see—hum—ha—though per-
sonally 1 have a groat—hum—respect for—hum—
him—cannot, you see, do us any good; and we, you
see—I moan, you know-hum—that is, you under-
stand—ha, hum—give these—hum—places—in ex-
change for—hum—support of another—hum—sort.
If you—hum—could do us—you see, any good—we,
you see—it would, I moan, be another sort of a—
hum—I mean—of a thing; but without parliament-
ary—hum—I moan interest. lean givo you no rea-
sonable—hum—that is, hopes of a—a—any—that is—
(Here his lordship roso, motioning mo to tho door
with his hand, and bowing very low.) A—a—good
maw—ning—mister, a—a—-(here his lordship touohed
tho belt)—good maw—mng. Ehl—ahl—hal—hum,'
" ' Hoavons I' said I to myself, as tho porter closed
tho hall door after me, "was nature blind, d'ye
think, or drunk, or in her apprenticeship, when she
manufactured such a human article as that?"'
This, Mr. President—and I should like to
read the whole thing through, but my friend
from New York would be tired ot it—is a
little British illustration of thirty years ago,
which I was doing myself the pleasure of
reading when my honorable friend imputed
to me the fault or misfortune, and it may be
both, that I had not acquired all the little
information I possess iu the earliest stages of
my existence. I commend this book to my
friend. 1 hope he will read it all through, so
fir as it reflects on the civil service of Great
Britain, practiced upon the principle we now
practice it; that is, of making appointments to
ollice upon purely political considerations of
political power and influence.
If there is anything in this country which
the people have been taught to believe is of
value, it is education as the foundation of
liberty, as the foundation of mprality, as the
ally of religion, as the firm hope and basis of
progress. If that be true of education, ot that
general information touching human affairs
and that general cultivation and discipline of
the powers of the human mind which we are
taught, as I have said, to believe in, and it is
to be oenied or ignored in the selection of
public servants, theu let us understand it. If,
on the other hand, this education that we all
so much speak of, and boast of, and desire,
is a thing which is essential and valuable in
the administration of affairs, there must be
some way of bringing that into the public ser-
vice ; and we do know that now, in a large
sense, it is not the test of public employment.
It, is the test of private employment every-
where, independent of political or religious
considerations, because it is one of the noblest
things in the social system of this American
country of ouis that when we leave the arena
of legislation and the arena of politics, every
man is in the real sense the brother of his
neighbor, and of every other man; and when
men are called upon to assist each other in
the ways of business, religion and politics are
put out of sight.
In the State which I have the honor in part
to represent that principle is carried into
political operations also, for at this moment,
(and it has been so ever since I can remem-
ber,) the most honored among the judges of
our supreme court, although they are elected
annually, are men whose politics are as oppo-
site to mine and as opposite to the poltics of
three fourths of the people in my State as it
is possible to conceive. And so in every muni-
cipality in the State, composing two hundred
and forty-six towns, in the selection of the
local representatives to carry on the business
affairs of tho people in those little republics,
the question of politics is never brought into
consideration, and the best men, they who best
understand the public interest and the public
welfare, they whose purity and intelligence
best commend them to their fellow-citizens
and their neighbors, are selected to carry on
public trusts.
I have only one word more to add, because
the discussion here of the general merits of civil
service reform may be somewhat out of place.
I only wish to say now that in the illustration
1 have given of what we conceive in the little
State that I in part represent to be the true
method of carrying on affairs, I hope will not
lead anybody to suppose that we are wanting
in fidelity to Republican political principles.
While iu every practice of administration that
is not, essentially political—that is, respecting
those affairs that affect the political policy of
the country—we know no politics, when you
step beyond that to that part of our action
which does relate to the real political interests
of the country, I think everybody will give the
little State of Vermont the credit to believe,
whatever he may think of her opinions, that
she is tolerably pronounced in expressing
those opinions and in standing by them.
Now, I should hope that in some way the
nation might carry out its affairs in the same
way ; that wherever there is public duty to be
performed which does not require political
administration^ great political principle, or
political policy, but only requires the fidelity
of the citizen best known for his virtue and his
education and his capacity to fill that trust, we
might, as in the early days of the Republic,
select him without asking him whether he
believes in this or that particular political
policy. Could we do that I think that the
tone of the two Houses of Congress, the tone
of the civil administration of the Government,
and the progress of the country would be very
largely enhanced.
Now, I beg my honorable friend from New
York to believe that in what we have said
which may have seemed to reflect upon the
views of each other, I wish him to understand
that I respect his opinions. He believes, if I
understand him aright, that this experiment
which we are about to try will fail. I believe
it will not iail,and, while I respect his opinion
entirely, I hope he will give me leave to believe
that he will respect mine.
Mr. CONKLING. I have been somewhat
surprised by the remarks of the Senator from
Vermont, surprised for some reasons which
need not now be mentioned. I beg to say,
however, to the Senator from Vermont, that
if his ideas and understandings are as confused
and erroneous in regard to this subject gen-
erally as they are upon some points he has
stated—I refer now to matters he has now
stated for the first, time, not to those he has
inculcated upon us so often—if his ideas are
as confused on this subject generally as they
are in some respects, I think it might be well
for him to undergo some clarifying process. I
have never said, I have never thought that the
experiment of improving the civil service was
to be a failure. The Senator aays he under'
