588
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Shellabarger.
42d Cong....2d
British merchants. By continuing our present policy
we shall be rendered paupers ourselves." * *
* * "It is therefore my opinion that a careful
and judicious tariff is much wanted to pay our
national debt, and afford us the means of defense
within ourselves."
Daniel Webster, in 1888, said:
" The protection of American labor against the
injurious competition of foreign labor is known his-
torically to have been one end designed to be ob-
tained by establishing the Constitution, and this
object, and tho constitutional power to accomplish
it, ought never to bo surrendered or compromised in
any degree."
Jolin Quincy Adams, the most learned, and,
next to Hamilton, the greatest statesman our
.Republic lias ever produced, in an elaborate
report to Congress, in 1832, says:
"To provide for the general welfare," * *
* * " the power to levy taxes, duties, imports,
and excises is in oxpresa words given by tho Consti-
tution as a means"—
and that this power is not a power merely, but
"it is," says he, "an irremissible duty of
Congress."
Such, Americans, are the men and voices
that come from our own past with admo-
nitions upon one side of this strange issue.
Ilight well and painfully do I realize that us
an argument addressed to them who at Man
Chester and Leeds and Birmingham prepare
and inspire revenue bills and speeches for our
Congress, or who repeat free-trade harangues
in America under tliese inspirations, or who
indite Democratic platforms, these con-
victions and teachings of them who won, con-
ceived, organized, launched, and for a full
half century administered the institutions of
the Republic, are ever met with a sneer, and
disposed of as the unconstitutional, unfashion-
able, and obsolete follies of an exploded
school of economists, too weak to merit reply
from the philosophers who make economies
in this age. And realizing this, I address
this part of iny argument not to them, but to
the people; people who do not know more
about what they who made the Constitution
meant by it than the men knew who contrived
and made it; people who do not know more
about what policies are good for the Republic
than the men knew who conceived and executed
the policies which created the Republic, and
then for more than half a hundred years ad-
vanced it in greatness and power and glory as
no nation was ever advanced since God made
the globe. When the question is asked what
they meant by their own instrument, Wash-
ington and Franklin and Hamilton and Mad-
ison and Jefferson and Adams and Jackson
and Clay and Webster, all put together, stand
but little chance in a tussle with such states-
men as we are blessed with, who can abolish
the wisdom of all of these by a brief resolu-
tion. We are in the afternoon of the nine-
teenth century now, a circumstance fearfully
against Washington and his friends in their
tussle with the Democratic platforms of 1872.
WDAT THESK TEACHINGS OP Till! PAST ARE WORTH AT
THIS TISIK.
it must not be deemed that these authorities
are cited to either support or condemn the
present state of our tariff, or the movement
for the reform thereof. Not for that, but this,
am 1 now making my invocations of the voices
of history, namely, to find out from them
whether history and its makers repudiated
the " priuciple " — " theory of protection, so-
called "—as Democracy has. Cited for this
purpose, my appeal is legitimate. Nay, the
appeal being to experience, to history, as writ-
ten in and by Government, as that experience
was felt and interpreted by them who made
and managed the Government is about the only
one that is '^legitimate." It is legitimate
unless the principle of "feeding" our own
labors instead of those of England, which
Jackson said to Dr. Coleman was a good one
in 1824, has ceased to be a good principle.
MOKE HISTORY.
Will you look for a moment to other history,
and consider the value of the testimony of civ-
ilized States upon this matter of cherishing
their own industries? Think first for a mo-
ment of the values that are attached to the
simple fact that a law or a policy has been of
immemorial continuance, even though it has
been the immemorial law or policy of but a
single enlightened State. Then suppose that
this same law or policy has been steadfastly
adhered to throughout all their enlightened
ages in every civilized State. Who can, who
ever has resisted the force of such a fact?
That the force in deciding what is wise in
Government, of the fact that a given principle,
policy, or instrumentality of government has
during all ages and in all enlightened States
been resorted to, may be appreciated, take the
history of some of the fundamental qualities or
instrumentalities of enlightened States.
Take the following oues, which have ever
existed in one or another form in every
modem Christian nation to wit: regulated
judicial trials ; resorts to oaths for witnesses
and for officers ; graduation of punishments for
different grades of crime ; tho reciprocity of
tho obligations between the citizen and State
which arises from citizenship ; the difference
in obligations to a State, imposed on resident
aliens and upon citizens; the national and the
individual right of self-defense; the universal-
ity of the duty, and its enforcement by law, of
providing in the family, and in the local com-
munity, (such as town, parish, or city, and in
the nation,) for their own dependents or poor,
in preference to those of other families, local-
ities, or nations. These all enter into the im-
memorial and universal jurisprudence of every
civilized Government ; and even did we fail to
perceive the reason upon which either has
foundations, yet the fact that it is shown to
have been for ages universal is complete moral
demonstration that its foundations are in the
nature and fitness of things. So strong is this
demonstration, as accepted in the practice of
nations, that the common law, that marvelous
growth of more than half the ages of the Chris-
tian era, which now stands guardian over the
liberties of more than a hundred millions of
our race, will tolerate in its sublime code, not
a rule that is not older than the memory of
man, but being older, the fact makes it law.
And now 1 assert that there is not, in the
whole universe of laws, one law or quality of
all good government, one beneficent trust,
more fundamental or ever-inhering in the very
nature of government than this one, to wit,
that governments owe to the industries of
their own subjects, defense, "protection,"
against the injurious encroachments, the supe-
rior power and hostile revelations and greeds
of the subjects of foreign nations. And 1 chal-
lenge historians to the inquisition for one
quality more ancient in its days, more univer-
sal in its enforcement, or more sacred in the
esteem of all our wise rulers and men. Nay,
more ; I assert that as a means for the defense
of the nations' own industries, first in rank
and far before armies and navies stands, in all
modem States, protective treaties and protect-
ive duties. And I assert more, that there has
not been one hour since Grotius became
father of " the international law" that every
Christian and commercial State existing has
not had and enforced this very "theory of pro-
tection so called," in favor of the industries
of its own children, which it was reserved for
Democracy to repudiate.
In the speech of my able colleague, [Mr.
Garfield,] April 1, 1870, (see'Appendix of
Globe, 268,) he made this important historic
statement in these words :
"It is equally undeniable that the principle of
protection has always been recognized and adopted
in some form or other by all nations, and is to-day
tho policy of every civilizod Government."
And this momentous historic fact has stood
unquestioned as it is unquestionable.
One of the most intelligent of British states-
men, and one at present a member of the
House of Commons, in his book of 18G9 upon
this subject declares:
" The ports of the world are as tightly closcd to
England as ever."
• Again he says :
"English operatives were promised free ports all
over tho world if they would open their ports; and
this was to be the result in theory ol tree trade under
tlie Cobdcn treaty ; but tho promises of theory have
proved vain and illusory, while the, lessons ot expe-
rience have proved bard and startling." * *
* + "Our example lias not induced a single
country to follow our lead, and not a single addi-
tional port or market is open to our manufac-
turers." * * * '■ "We are told free-
trade principles are spreading. Why, in Piussin,
Austria, Belgium, Switzerland, the idea even of
opening their ports and markets and inviting com-
petitions with their own industrial populations has
never yet been mooted; while in America, the
operatives' paradise, the dulies on many British
manufactures liavo been doubled during the last
few years; and France, the promised land of tree
trade, is already trying to withdraw the nominal
facilities doled out to us in the commercial treaty."
Now mark what he adds :
" Tho only man in France who is at heart a free-
trader is tho emperor."
What a spectacle I Every civilized Govern-
ment iu the world, every practical and emi-
nent ruler in our own history, every modern
code of commercial law enforced by enlight-
ened States, unite with our own entire and
wondrous history in pronouncing it the first
duty of Government to " protect" as well the
industries as the lives and properties of their
people. And at the very hour when 1 address
you there is not on the globe one nation of
any commercial significance that is not m your
face and teeth executing, in the interest of its
people and for the protection of their indus-
tries, this universal law, old as the nations
and broad as their empires, that the first duty
of the Government, nay, the only duty, is to
give protection to all the interests of the peo-
ple. And just then the American Democracy
arise in the world's face, and resolve all history
a failure aud the world a fool.
ENGLAND.
But do you remind me that I forget England ;
that England is free trade ? England is an
exception to your universal law—that, all na-
tions defend by law their own industries.
England an exception ! I pray you look with
me one moment at this "exception."
In looking at England do not imagine either
that that protective system of hers, which, by
one of the ablest reports in our parliamentary
history, is justly denominated " the most strin-
gent and persistent the world ever saw," was
free from monstrous absurdities and oppres-
sions, that it alone was the cause of the growths
of England, nor that the cruel wrongs to which
she has and still does subject her labor is a
necessary part of her "protection." That
protection cannot in strictness be said to have
had origin at any other lime than that in which
began the growth of her constitution ; for all
over and throughout the vast body of her com-
mon law there is spread every quality and
characteristic of her foster love of the industries
of England. By that common law it is "an
offense to transport wool or sheep out of the
kingdom to the detriment of its staple manu-
facture," (4 Blackstone, 154,) and this is but
one of the endless indications how true it is
that the fostering of her industries is of the
very essence of her constitution.
But the statutes of Elizabeth may be justly
said, in a sense, to be the beginning of the
system which is to-day, therefore, three hun-
dred years old. When it began, look what
England was. Not a turnpike, not a carriage,
not a brick house, not a canal, scarce a chim
ney, not two thousand horses suitable for
cavalry, scarce a ship in her navy, and bor-
