1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1537
stands me to believe or expect that it will be
a failure. He must have some strange psy-
chological power. I have never expressed any
such view ; I have never had any such view.
I have had doubts, but those doubts I have
not expressed, about the wisdom of some of
the details of the plan submitted to us. I once
did venture to say that I thought any system
which undertook to petrify men in office for
life would encounter such objections that it
would be stranded. The, present system, I
believe, as far as it is proposed, contains no
such suggestions.
If my recollection serves me aright, that is
the only thing which might belong to civil
service reform which I have ever commented
upon in the sense of predicting its failure, and
that feature, I repeat, does not belong to the
system suggested to us; and yet the Senator
says he understood me to expect the experi-
ment to fail. This only snows, as many
another thing does, the breadth, depth, and
capacity of my friend's understanding. It is
not the first time I have been impressed with
these dimensions. I deem it right, however,
to record this correction, and to say again
that I think I am quite as earnestly in favor
of anything likely to improve the civil service
as the Senator from Vermont. I do not think
he monopolizes all the interest which prevails
on that subject.
I shall be as much disappointed as that
Senator by any failure which may occur in
any measure of reform, and my hope is quite
as strong, my wish is quite as strong, in behalf
of anything which seems to me to tend to hon-
est reformation, improvement, or advance in
the public interest, as is the hope or the
wish or the expectation of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish to say that
I am very glad I did my friend from New York
injustice, (if the Senate will pardon such a
solecism,) for it enables him to state that which
gives me so much pleasure to hear.
Mr. CONKLING. I am surprised to hear
the Senator avow that he is glad he has done
a fellow-member injustice. I commend that
to his reflection. He had better examine him-
self and digest inwardly the ethics of the prop-
osition.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I desire, Mr.
President, concisely to state why I shall vote
for this amendment. It is to enable the com-
missioners further to inform us what are the
evils in the civil service, and what is the rem-
edy, for my opinion is that neither we, the
President, nor the commission have yet ascer-
tained the radical evil or the true remedy. I
do not know that we want any better proof of
the difficulties incidental to this reform than
that after a few days' trial the system of rules
reported was necessarily suspended.
There is a number of evils charged against
the service.
One evil, we are told, is that Senators
and Representatives interfere with official ap-
pointments; and yet, sir, if in this great coun-
try we take from the Government the inform-
ation and advice which the Representatives of
the people can better than any one else give,
and which in many instances they alone can
give, we shall do great injury to the Govern-
ment.
Another evil is stated to be the removal of
persons from office before the expiration of a
given term; and yet there is no one carry-
ing on a business establishment who does not
consider it essential to success that he should
possess the power of removal and dismissal
from his service.
Another evil charged is that employfcs un-
der our system are deficient in knowledge ;
and yet we all know that there are aptitudes
for these positions which all the examination
in the world cannot evolve, and which all the
learning in the world cannot supply when they
are wanting.
Still another evil, we are told, is that officials
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 97.
are proscribed for opinion's sake; and yet we
all know that there are many positions in the
Government where it is of the first importance
that the officer should hold opinions harmon-
izing with the Administration, and where, at
all events, a partisan opposed to the Govern-
ment would be as objectionable as one in its
favor.
Still another evil stated; and it is the prin-
cipal one, is that there is a close connection
between party and office, and that great evils
result therefrom ; and yet if one political party
in the land undertakes to divorce that con-
nection and make that a plank in its platform,
the other political party will certainly make it
a plank of their platform to unite party and
office; and who will say which would be suc-
cessful?
There are real difficulties on the subject;
and yet I am satisfied that irregularities and
evils exist which ought to be remedied. In
my opinion the greatest evil of our civil service
is making official position dependent upon
party service. This injuriously affects the ser-
vice by introducing improper persons, and it
injures the country, in that improper motives
control and affect our elections.
What is the remedy? I do not know. Per-
haps the remedy would be to have postmasters,
revenue collectors, and assessors, under strict
provisions as to qualifications and as to security,
elected by the people. I am by no means satis-
fied that that would not be an important reform
and improvement in the service.
Another possible remedy would be to make
the term of office of all officials lap for two
years the inauguration of the President, so
that they will expire midway between two
elections. Still another remedy would be
that no official should ever be removed on the
application of a Representative, Senator, or
any one else, but only at the discretion of the
head of a Department.
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to a3k my
friend if that is not the present condition of
the civil service? Can the Senator, for in-
stance, remove any man in the Interior Depart-
ment without the approval of the Secretary?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I did not state
that I could.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understood the Sen-
ator that it would be a great reform to have it
so fixed that he could not.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not desire
to enter upon that question of fact. It is
asserted in this Chamber that many are re-
moved at the instance of Representatives and
Senators; but without discussing the question
of fact, if the evil exists, I have suggested
remedies for the evil. I do not assert that
• Senators interfere; I have never interfered,
and I do not suppose the Senator from Wis-
consin has done so.
Another evil which I believe exists is that
employes are removed from office without suf-
ficient" cause after they have become familiar
with their duties, and thus the country is de-
prived of their services when they are most
most useful, and injustice is done to men who,
having given up the other advantages of life,
cannot avail themselves as readily of other
opportunities of business when thus removed.
It maybe that making the term of office lap
the inauguration of the President would relieve
this evil and prevent removals; and another
remedy, perhaps, would be found in a provis-
ion that no person should be removed unless
the head of the Department should- give a cer-
tificate that he does not discharge the duties
as well as he should.
But it is not ray purpose to go into the sub-
ject of what the reform ought to be. All that
1 insist is that we oftght to vote this appro-
priation, because we are not possessed of the
requisite information to properly legislate.
It 'is an important and difficult subject. Sen-
ators refer us to the peaceful and harmonious
working of the Government in the times of
Washington, Adams, and Jefferson. Why, sir,
this Government was then a small establish-
ment. We have more affairs and transactions
now in a single day than they had then in fifty
or sixty days. We have now forty million peo-
ple and sixty thousand Federal officeholders.
In twenty years we may double our popula-
tion. The necessity for a just system every
year becomes greater. I would not now vote,
or if I should vote I would expect no good to
come from it, for a law fixing rules for the
civil service. Those rules must have & gradual
growth. They" are not to be the work of a
day or of a year. We can no more to-day
enact a law properly regulating the civil ser
vice, than the Parliament of England could
have enacted the principles and customs of
the common law, which grew up in the ex-
periment and experience of life until, like the
atmosphere, it touched society at every point
and chafed it nowhere. By having a commis-
sion constantly giving their attention to the
subject, finding out the evils and remedies, in
the course of time a re'form will be effected
acceptable to the people and profitable to the
nation.
This commission, in my opinion, should not
sit down at a table and attempt to evolve a
civil service from their own ingenuity. They
should be thoroughly familiar with all the con-
stitutional provisions relating to appointments
to office. They should study the systems of
other countries. They should have free inter-
course with the heads of the Departments.
They should confer with such leading men as
are distinguished for ability and power in
organization, some of whom I could readily
name. Then they should determine the car-
dinal ends to be obtained, one end being to
preserve to the Government the benefit of the
information and advice which Senators and
Representatives can give, and preserving their
responsibility, too, as far as possible. An-
other end is to prevent patronage from being
a source of corruption ; and still another to
preserve to the Government the services of
faithful officers, and to do them justice, and
yet not to create a caste consisting of civil
service officials. The nature of the examina-
tion should be prescribed, that it may be a
test, not of erudition, but of adaptation and
practical ability; and, if possible, to make it
more serviceable as well as inexpensive, by
being conducted by the officials of the Depart-
ment rather than by a board created for that
purpose. The appropriation will enable the
President to carry on this investigation, and
probably in December we may be prepared to
take some step—not then to make a system ;
that will require years, by experiment, defeat,
and experience, to perfect.
Mr. CARPENTER. And $50,000 each
year ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is nothing
in the amount of the appropriation, as my
friend well knows. I do not suppose that this
year the expenditure would exceed $10,000,
and I would have no objection to having the
sum now reduced to $25,000 or even less. We
have confidence in the President that if the
appropriation be $50,000 or $500,000, not a
farthing more will be expended than the exi-
gencies of the service require. In his message
he asks Congress to make an appropriation,
and also that a law might be passed giving him
the power to make some compensation for
their extra labor to those on the commission
who are, under existing laws, debarred^ from
drawing pay because tiiey are already in the
service. These reasonable requests I think
Congress should comply with, and show their
confidence in the President, and their earnest
determination that by slow, but sure progress,
a reform is to be effected in Our civil service.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken
upon the amendment I desire to reply briefly
