1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Shdlabarger.
Ho. of Reps.
rowing a navy from Hamburg, scarce a pound
sterling in her treasury, and borrowing from
Antwerp, commerce carried in canoes, gentry
riding in dog-trucks and sleeping on straw with
dogs and fleas, highway robbers constituting
one estate of the realm, her queen banishing
indigo dyes because they smelt bad, her coin-
age less in a hundred years than one of her
colonies now in a year, the island a forest or
a fen, and the common people emerging from
semi-barbarism. So she was when first in
earnest she begun to make laws defensive and
promotive of England's labor and resources.
And with a rigor often abused and cruel, with
a zeal wholly unexampled, with a constancy
and persistence having no hour of remission
iu three hundred years, she has gone on, pro-
hibiting her colonies from making, transport-
ing, or selling any commodity she could make,
prohibiting or else heavily taxing both the
imports and exports of the kingdom ; com-
pelling even the dead to clothe themselves in
her stuffs; driving off the seas every ship of
her subjects that carried the illicit products of
rival industries, and in the three hundred
years collecting off the commerce of the
world customs duties in amount probably ex-
ceeding the revenues collected by all the other
nations of the globe combined. But you say
this is past, and England has at last inaugurated
the golden age of "free trade. " Ah, has she!
Why, Mr. Speaker, do you know that in
the very last year you have of the full official
returns of the commerce of England, the year
18C8, the year in which she expended most of
her learning and of money in giving lessons to
the United States, and schooling the American
Congress to the duty of opening our ports to
English goods; the year in which her disin-
terested philosophers, in an exuberance of
charity, prepared tariff bills for us, lifting all
tariffs from the productions of England and
putting them upon those of France and the
rest of mankind, as the curious can find by
reading the argument of our chairman of
Ways and Means, (Appendix of Globe, page
320, March 31, 1870;) do you know that in
that identical year England imposed and col-
lected of tariff duties on three commodities
$80,396,334 92 in gold ? These three articles
are tobacco, spirits, and sugar. And if you
turn to our great staples, wheat and corn,
which, so far as she will take them at all, she
takes free of duty, you will find by her Board
of Trade reports for 1808 that England im-
ported of these in all, m 18U8, 90,441,068
hundredweight. But of this she only took
from the United States 10,711,401 hundred-
weight. Massachusetts alone buys more of
our grains each year than England; and New
England more than all the world besides.
So, see England as she stands there before
you in history. What she was before she be-
gan protective policies 1 have told you. What
these policies, even with their defects, have
made her, see! It is not the condition of her
population of which I speak, but the magni-
tude of her material wealth and power which
her fostering laws have created. To say they
are peerless in history is but a glittering gen-
erality, and brings no idea. I rode recently
through her island, and to say it is a garden
is wholly inadequate. I passed through her
manufacturing cities, and to say they are
immense as aggregations of power, of energy,
and of overmastering wealth, is of course
feeble and common-place. I passed along
her docks, and to say that the masts of the
ships that girdle her island with walls of oak
and iron are endless forests, gives no ade-
quate idea of their number. I went with her
commerce over the oceans, and when I hear
that her sails "whiten every sea" I obtain
no conception of its magnitude. When the
Commissioner tells me in his report of 1869
that the present value of the property on that
little island, so blighted by "protection,"
persisted in for three hundred years, is $80,-
000,000,000 in gold, and that the annual in-
come of the people is $4,070,000,000, I am
simply confounded by the staggering num-
bers, and wonder how well she has done,
considering how she has retarded herself by
" protection."
But there is another way of stating the power
of England as a prodigy of wealth-producing
force which I prefer far above all these other
commonplaces of the commercial tables. Let
me state it iu this way: that England has
working for her to-day, on her little island, six
hundred million slaves 1 That is six tenths
of the population of the globe. They work
ceaselessly, willingly, and on and on, immortal
and forever. No one consumes a farthing's
worth of the stupendous aggregate of their
productions, and no one ever peoples a jail
or poor-house, nor commits a breach of the
peace ; and they are so prolific that their num-
bers have increased three hundred millions,
at least, during the present century. And this
army of English workers, six hundred mil-
lion strong, by actual count in the last cen-
sus, is no myth, but a literal physical fact.
The muscle force, and nerve force, and bone
and brain force of six hundred million men
are ceaselessly at work in England, piling
up her prodigious wealth, till to say of them
that they are inconceivably large is to say
nothing of their growing magnitudes.
These six hundred millions of England's
undying workers are the forces of nature fur-
nished of God, bountiful, free—her winds, her
waters, her fires, her vapors, her steam, her
coal, her electricity, her gravitations, her rao-
mentums, her chemical affinities, and attrac-
tions and repulsions. Only these; no more?
Yes, more. These, tamed, trained, subdued,
skilled, and yoked by her mighty genius to her
skilled machinery, intelligent as its author,
the human soul, and mighty like the God
whose elements propel it. And this is the army
of England's workers—six hundred millions.
And when God gave America the satne ener-
gies, almighty, the same waters, and winds,
and fires, and vapors, and coal, and all in a
profusion wholly inconceivable, and badethem
work for us too, England sent us a book, by
Mill, which proves that no lightning', nor lire,
nor wind was made of God for work, except
them of England, nor to work for men except
in England ! And Democracy pass resolutions
in 1872 resolving that that is a good book 1
Why, Mr. Speaker, should you, by one uni-
versal conflagration, consume and char every
city and hamlet and house in England, and
should you swallow up in earthquake every
production and vestige of human labor now on
the island, and then should sink ia the sea
every ship shefloats; and should leave to her,
of the material wealth of her ages, not a groat's
worth beside her ability instantly to reendow
by her amazing skill this six hundred millions
of immortal workers, yon will scarce have
touched the real wealth of England, and in a
decade of years these six hundred million
workers would recreate upon the surface of her
island home and her seas the wealth produced
only by a decade of centuries 1
Here 1 leave England, placing England as a
fact against England as a theory, and trust to
men of sense their weighing, if they have
scales big enough to weigh them.
EXILE AND LIMITATION 01" DISCRIMINATING PKOTEC-
TION.
I now come to the elements of debate which
time will permit me to notice, and which is to
state the rule or the limitations under which
discriminations may justly be made, without
violating the rule that one legitimate industry
ought never to be taxed for another's benefit.
Let me begin by making some explicit, and
important preliminary statements: r
First, in all I have been saying I have not
opposed "revenue reform."
Second, on the contrary, I believe in some
of its provisions, the present tariff, in the
present state of the country, violative of prin-
ciples 1 have striven to advocate, and because
tho tariff was created by our party in obe-
dience to one principle which declared that the
war should have sinews enough to put a rebel-
lion to death; so, in obedience to the other
principle that we shall raise no more revenues
than required for the Government; econom-
ically administered, and this by adjustment
that shall not burden one industry for the
benefit of another, the Republican party will,
I think, do what the President and Secretary
of the Treasury both recommend in their last
communications to Congress, to wit, largely
reduce the internal and tariff tax.
Third, this brings me to the question, what is
the rule by which these adjustments shall be
made in the equal interest of every part of the
people?
The answer to this compels the statement of
somethingsnecessarytoananswer: 1. Interest
on.capital employed in European industries
averages four per cent. (See Mudge's Report
Paris Exposition, 30.) 2. Owing to the con-
dition of our continent in opportunities to buy
land, &c., this difference must long continue.
(See same report.) 3. The state of American
skill, enterprise, industry, machinery, mate-
rials for leading industries, and their proximity
to each other is such that we can obtain a
given quantity of these leading products (as
for example a ton of pig iron) for about the
same expenditure of human labor as they can
in the most favored rival nations. For exam-
ple, the absolute or natural cost of a ton of
iron at Cleveland m England (her most favored
place) is eleven days of human labor ; while
at our most favored places it can be reduced to
about the same. (See Hewitt's Report, pages
47,48, &c.) 4. Both the nominal and purchas-
ing value of wages in England and Europe is
now reduced so low, to adopt the words of
Mudge Hayes's Report on Paris Exposition
(page 31,) as to be not more than half the rates
paid in the United States, being reduced to the
lowest sum which will support existence. On
the continent, wagesare from thirty tofiftyper
cent, lower than in England. (See pages 1
and 47 of Sullivan on Protection.) A day's
work in England is ten and a half hours, on
the continent, twelve hours, and the average
price sixty-nine cents, ill England eighty-seven
cents, and in Belgium sixty-five cents. (See
Hewitt's Report on Paris Exposition, 48 to 54.)
Now, those who assert that though these
wages are nominally below ours, yet their
power to purchase the necessaries of life is
equal to the wages in our country, will find the
refutation to this on page 50, &c., of Mr.
Hewitt's report, and in the following state-
ment of what the condition is in which
their wages places the best paid labor of
Europe, to wit, England. Mr. Hewitt says,
(page 52:)
"Tho labor of the women and children is required
to eke out tho subsistence of the family/' * ■ *
"and earning (at men's work) from ten-
pence to Is. id. per day," (page 57.)
" From returns made to British Parliament as to
pauperism, in September. 1867, it appears that out
of a population of 10,886,104 dwelling within the :u-ea
in which returns were made, 872,620 persons were
on the list of paupers supported by public eharity,
of which number, 129,689 were in the work-houses
and 738,756 were relieved in their own houses. The
latter portion constitute the army which substan-
tially regulates the rate of wages for labor, as they
are ready, to a greater or less extent, to take any
vacant place which may offer itselt. And this state
of the ease exists, not in mid-winter, but just after
the close of harvest, smd the returns show that the
evil is an advancing one, as there is an increase of
27,621, or three and three hundredths per cent., in
1867 over the corresponding week in 1866."
