1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to be adduced. Why, sir, it is simply monstrous.
I do not know but that it discloses the, objectot'this
whole movement, and that it is well enough that it
is called to the attention not only of the Senate but
of the people."
Mr. STEWART. The proposition was that
the committee should have leave to report at
any time. The discussion went on at consid-
erable length. The minority protested that it
was not fair, notwithstanding both parties had
notice and knew that it was put in the resolu-
tion, that they could not report at any time.
They contended that it was not fair to make
these publications in vacation ; that it was not
a good practice for the Senate to pursue ; that
reports of committees were for the enlighten-
ment of the Senate to base legislative action
upon, and anything beyond that was illegiti-
mate. The arguments of the minority were so
strong in that case, taking the ground that it
was not the business of Congress to send out
committees to publish reports to manufacture
public opinion outside, but solely for the
enlightenment of the Senate, and that reports
should be made during the session of the Sen-
ate, that it resulted in the resolution which I
send to the Chair, which does not give such
direction. After discussion, their views pre-
vailed that it was the office of a report to
enlighten the Senate aqd not the country.
The result was the passage of a resolution in
this form:
4* lietohed by the Senate of the United States, (the
House ot Representatives concurring,) That a joint
committee, consisting ot seven Senators and fom teen
Representatives, be appointed, whose duty it shall
be to inquire into the condition of the late insurrec-
tionary States, so far as it regards the execution of
the laws and the safety- of the lives and property of
the citizens of the U nifced States, with leave to report
at any time during: the next or any subsequent ses-
sion of Congress, the result of their investigation to
either or both Houses of Congress, with such recom-
mendations as they may deem expedient; that said
committee be authorized to employ Clerks and ste-
nographers, to sit during the recess, to send for per-
sons and papers, to administer oaths and to take
testimony, and to visit, at their discretion, through
sub-committees, any portions of said States during
the recess of Congress; and the expenses of said
committee shall be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, upon vouchers approved by the chair-
man of said committee."
Mr. THURMAN. Now, will the Senator
from Nevada allow me to correct the statement
of fact he has just made ?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. And he will see at once
that there is no room for his criticism. The
Ku Klux resolution, as it was called, was in-
troduced into this body on the 17th of March,
1871, by the Senator from iShode Island who
now occupies the chair, [Mr. Anthony,] which
read in these words:
" Resolved hy the Senate of the United States, (the
House of Representatives concurring,) That a joint
committee, consisting of five Senators and seven
Representatives, be appointed, whose duty it shall
be to inquire into the condition of the late insurrec-
tionary States so far as regards the execution of the
laws and the safety of the lives and property of citi-
zens of the United States, with leave to report at any
time the result of their investigation to the two
Houses of Congress"—
That, of course, was to be a report in ses-
sion—
"with such recommendations as they may deem
expedient; that said committee be authorized to
employ clerks and stenographers, to git during the
recess, to send for persons and papers, to take testi-
mony, and to visit at their discretion, through sub-
committees. any portion of the said States during
the recess of Congress."
So far there is nothing but reports to Con-
gress itself; but there was this clause ;
"And to print and make public from time to
time during the recess the results of their investiga-
tions; and the expenses of said committee shall be
paid out of the contingent funds of the two Houses
of Congress."
Not to report to Congress, but to print aud
make public from time to time during the
recess the results of their investigations. In
that form it passed the Senate. The House
struck that clause out about printing and
making public during the recess, and upon
the resolution coming into the Senate again,
as amended by tke House, the Senator from
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 265.
Rhode Island objected to concurring in the
House amendment because it.left out that
clause which authorized the committee, not to
report to Congress, but to print and make
public during the recess the results of their
investigations. That was the subject of the
debate to vhich .the Senator has alluded.
Mr. STEWART. So far as my point is
concerned, that strengthens it very much.
The point in controversy was whether a com-
mittee should print and make public during
the vacation the result of their investigations.
Upon that the speech of the Senator from
Ohio, which I have just had read, w.&s made,
and upon that a great deal of discussion fol-
lowed by various Senators. The correction,
no doubt, is jail right. I have not looked
through the various stages of the resolution
further than to ascertain the point that was
raised. The point was that it was unparlia-
mentary, that there could be no good purpose
served by allowing a committee to print aud
make public its investigations during vaca-
tion, for those investigations were made for
the enlightenment pf the Senate aud House
in that case, the enlightenment of Congress,
not of the country, aud the report should
be made to Congress because Congress was
to act upon it and not the country; that
publishing during the vacation could only be
for some outside purpose. That argument
prevailed; the clause allowing them to print
and make public the results during the vaca-
tion was stricken out by the action of the two
Houses finally, and the resolution confined to
allowing the committee to report to either
House of Congress while Congress was in
session and at no other time.
So far as this report, is concerned I would
as lief it should be made in vacation as during
the session, but I submit to my friend from
Ohio that this may be a precedent which we
would wish to avoid, allowing the minority or
the majority of a committee to make publica-
tions during vacation of their views, objected
to in that case, and there it was only testimony.
Now you authorize the committee to publish
their views ; not testimony, but their views.
Mr. THURMAN. That was to publish " the
results ''
Mr. STEWART. This allows them to pub-
lish their views. I do not think it makes much
difference on that point; but if the precedent is
to be established, I want it distinctly understood
what we do establish. I am perfectly willing
that this report shall be made at any time, but
I do think that there is no precedent for this.
I have heard it stated in this debate that there
was no precedent for allowing a committee to
make a report except to one House of Con-
gress. This would be a new precedent if it
were established. The question is, shall it be
established ?
Mr. HOWE. If I can be heard for two or
three minutes I think we need not differ about
this matter. I agree entirely with what the
Senator from Ohio says, that there cannot be
any majority or any minority report until the
committee has come together and consulted
and seen whether they could agree or not.
But then I do not think that helps out the dif-
iiculty. It seems to me every member of this
committee and every member of every other
committee has an equal right to make a re-
port. We are all supposed to have heard the
same testimony. We are not supposed to
think upon that testimony exactly alike ; no
two of us are bound to think exactly alike.
It seems to me one man has just as good right
to make a report as another, and when the
committee come together with their several
reports, if one of them can secure the assent of
a majority of the members that one is very likely
to become the report of the majority of the
committee. If no other opinion could secure
the assent of more than the one who wrote it,
then you would have as many dissentients and
as many statements aa there were men on the
committee.
Now, we heard this testimony all together.
Each one of us might have gone to work and
written out our views if we saw fit. We did
not all go to work at it, it seems, but the time
for writing is not ended. I have no sort of
doubt that my distinguished, friend -from Del-
aware and my distinguished friend from Cali-
fornia will continue to write for a good while,
and they can discussthe testimony here. They
can discuss, I suppose, if they-choose to: do
so, the report which has bees submitted to the
Senate this morning. It seems to me to be. a-
mere question of printing, whether the Senate
will agree that those who dissent from the
views of the majority may write something
else to be printed by and by at the expense of
the Government, or whether they shall print it
at their own expense. Now, I should say cer-
tainly that they should print it at their own
expense if I supposed they woujd write any-
thing in that statement which was unbecoming
the character of Senators, or unbecoming the
character of the Senate, but I do not believe
they will for two reasons: first, because I
think they know too well what belongs to the
Senate and what belongs to themselves to do
such a thing; and secondly, because I believe
they would injure themselves much more than
they would injure the Senate if they did. So
that I am perlectly willing myself to assent to
this request of theirs to let them have until the
2oth ol June, as they ask it, to consult with
each other, to examine the testimony, aud to
write out something ; and-when His written to
let it be printed at the expense of the Gove.rn-
meut. 1 do not see any serious objection to
that. It will be a precedent says the Senator
from Nevada. Yes, it will be a precedent that
-nobody is bound to follow, but which in all
like circumstances, unless it is improper ia
itself, I think we should be glad to follow.
The Senator retorts upon the Senator from
Ohio that he opposed the publication of the
testimony that was to be taken by the Ku
Klux committee from time to time. While I
always accept the Senator from Obio as a mas-
ter when he is talking of law, when he is talk-
ing of politics I sometimes feel inclined to dis-
sent. I think the Senator made a mistake
there. The simple question was whether one
or the other dared to submit to the readers of
the country what the witnesses swore to on the
stand, being examined by the representatives
not of one party but of both parties. I think
the Senator from Ohio was afraid to do that ;
or he thought at all events it was not best to
do that. I think he made a mistake. I think
if I had been in his position, if I kuew nothing
but double distilled damnation would have
come from those witnesses, I would have sooner
said let it come than I would have tried to stop
it. But while I think he made a mistake in that
case, I am not embarrassed by the danger of
falling into the same mistake myself. It is
one of those things in which I feel called upon
to differ from him.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I call for the
regular order.
Mr. HOWE. Can we not take the vote on
this proposition ?
The PR.ESIDINGOFFICER. The regular
order is House bill No. C(J4, to prevent cruelty
to animals, the pending motion being to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator from
New Jersey will allow a vote to be taken on
the preceding question.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If I can have
an understanding that a vote can be taken
upon it I certainly will; but if this bill is to be
debated and opposed, I think we had better
go 011 with it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not see any con-
nection between them. I think the vote can
be taken at once without further discussion.
. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The connection
is this: some Senators want to yote. on that
matter, and I want a vote On. the bill that I
have charge of.
