4226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Mr. CONKLING. And your bill is prece-
dent in the order of business.
Mr. CASSERLY. I never asked for a vote
without discussion. This question has just
been discussed, and the Senator, I am sure,
does not want a vote on his bill without dis-
cussion.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There are those
who want to discuss this matter further.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey calls lor the regular
order.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do.
message from the house.
A messege from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPiibrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 42G) for the relief of Thomas
Allen j and
A bill (S. No. 19G) for the relief of the
owners of the bark A 1.
enkollkd bills siuned.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 611) to continue tho act to
authorize the settlement of the accounts of
officers of tho Army and Navy;
A bill (8. No. 752) for the relief of S. D.
Houston, late receiver of public moneys at
Junction City, in the State of Kansas;
A bill (H. R. No. 1)04) for the relief of
Charles P. 8. Wardwell;
A bill (H. R. No. 024) for the relief of
Sarah S. Trapp, executrix of William Trapp,
deceased *
A hill (II. R. No. I:?;!!)) for the relief of
Chester C. Tolmati;
A bill (H. U. No. 1!)82) to provide for hold-
ing a circuit, court of t.lie United Slates in and
for tho western district of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 2."{2fi) for the relief of Mrs.
R. A. Kennedy;
A bill (II. R. No. 2861) for the relief of II.
G. Aukeny, late captain fourth Iowa infimtry ;
A bill (S. No. lOJiti) uranling right of way
through tho public lands to tliti Jacksonville
nnd St. Augustine Railroad Company ;
A bill (S. No. U)4.">) to (juietthe title to cer-
tain lands in Dakota Territory ;
A hill (S. No. 1107) for the relief of Wil
son liowlliy, collec.'oi of internal revenue for
Oregon ;
A bill (II R. No. (i:>l) to amend an act
entitled "An act, regulating proceedings in
criminal eases, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March J!, 1H(S5;
A bill (II. R. No. fl:S7) to amend an act,
entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular systems of the United States,"
approved August 18, IK/it; ;
A bill (II. R. No. 8M7) for the relief of Sam-
uel Black and Albert li. Cooper;
A bill (If R. No. 8'tG) to unable William
Sellers and Coleman Sellers to make applica-
tion to the Commissioner ol Patents for the
extension of letters-patent tor an inipiovement
in coupling and shafting ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2w;y) for the relief of
Martin Freeman ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 20:!'.)) to remove the polit-
ical disabilities of the persons therein named.
ckuklty to an'ijiai.s.
Mr. ALCORN. Tho Senator from New
Jersey is evidently a gentleman of great pa-
tience and good nature, and 1 merely desire
that he should give one further testimony, and
then i think it will never be disputed that he
is a man of extraordinary patience, if he will
give way that I may call up a bill of no
importance to the country but of very great
importance to an individual. Itis in the" nature
of a demand that Martin P. Hardin, of Mis-
sissippi, has against the Government. Martin
P. Hardin entered in the land office of Missis-
sippi a quarter section of land, the sixteenth
section, and it turned out that the Government
of the United States had no claim to the six-
teenth section. At the last session of Con-
gress the House passed a bill restoring to him
the sum of money he had paid for the land.
That bill was sent to the Senate and was lost.
Now, again the House of Representatives have
passed another bill without any opposition.
The question was before the Judiciary Com-
mittee ; all the papers are here. The poor
man asks to have his $200 restored to him
that he has been kept out of the use of for sev-
eral years, never having obtained any title to
the land, the Government having no title to
the land. There will be no debate upon it and
no opposition, 1 am sure, and if the Senator
will allow it to be called up and passed I will
then stand ready to assist him in the proposi-
tion he has pending.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should be
very happy to see the bill passed, and hope to
have the question which others want disposed
of settled, and to have a vote upon the bill
which 1 have charge of, and we can do it all
in a few minutes if we do it without debate;
and if we can have unanimous consent to
take the vote on these three measures without
debate, 1 shall be very happy to make that
arrangement; but if there is to be debate, I
must insist on the regular order.
Mr. ALCORN. 1 hope that understanding
will be had, that we take a vote on all three
propositions without debate.
Mr. TIIIJRMAN. What propositions?
Mr. ALCORN. Upon the proposition in
regard to printing the report of the committee
which has already been debated, then on the
proposition of the honorable Senator from
New Jersey, and then on a proposition which
will lie made by me.
Mr. FUULINCHUYSEN. Let that be the
general understanding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to that general understanding?
Air. EDMUNDS. 1 want to say a word in
reply to the Senator from Ohio on the subject
of how much our good fiicnds can be trusted,
out of his own mouth.
Mr. CASSKRLY. T call for the regular
order. 1 roitemlu the demand of the Senator
from New Jersey. If we are to have the reg-
ular order, let. us have it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill be-
fore the Senate is House bill No. 094, to pre-
vent cruelty to animals.
Mr. ALCORN. Did not the Senator from
New Jersey agree to the bill I mentioned be-
ing taken up ? If there is any debate I will
withdiaw it.
Mr. FRULINGUUYSKN. The Senator
from California demands the regular order.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 withdraw the demand.
Mr. COLE. 1 renew it. I want to vote
on the present question, which is to lay on the
table and is not debatable.
Mr. CONKLING. May 1 inquire of the
Chair by which Senator the motion to lay on
the table was made '!
The PRlis 1 DING OFFICER. By the Sen-
ator irom Indiana, [Mr. Pratt.]
Mr. CONKLING. Then I wish to appeal
to my friend irom Indiana, as he has accom-
plished his purpose, to withdraw his motion
and let us vote on the merits of the bill and
not upon laying it upon the table.
Mr. PRATT. 1 am willing to withdraw
the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can only lie withdrawn by unanimous consent,
as the yeas and nays have been ordered. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. COLE. 1 move to lay the bill on the
table for the purpose of taking up the appro-
priation bill. I do that because the motion
is not debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken resulted—yeas 18, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS —- Messrs. Bayard. Biair, Casserly, Cole,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of Texas,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull,
and Vickers—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Amos, Anthony, Boreman,
Buekinghain, Caldwell, Conkling, Urugin, Edmunds,
llanagan, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Howe, Kellogg,
Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, West, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown tow,Cameron,Carpenter,
Chandler, Clayton, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Feu-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Gil-
bert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, It am! in,
Hill, Lewis, Logun, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye.
Patterson, Pool, Ransom, Schurz, Scott, Spencer,
Tipton, Windom, and Wright—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The bill (H. R. No.
694) to prevent cruelty to animals while in
transit by railroad or other means of trans-
portation in the United States is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
open to amendment.
Mr. ALCORN. Will the Senator from New
Jersey now allow a vote to be taken on the
bill I proposed ? There will be no objection.
Mr. COLE. I object to everything but tho
regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California objects.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill
as a new section :
That this act shall not take effect for one year
from and after the date of the passage thereof;
and it shall not apply iu any State which shall
have by law sufficient provisions for tho preven-
tion of cruelly to animals within tho intent nnd
meaning of this act, together with the same or equal
moans for enforoing such provisions.
My reasons for offering the amendment I
will briefly state. There are, at least among
members of the Senate on this side, grave
doubts as to the constitutional power to pass
this bill. There are grave doubts, even grant-
ing the power, as to the policy of the bill. On
the latter point I wish to observe that while
all of us agree as to the necessity of prevent-
ing cruelty to animals in the particulars cov-
ered by this bill, we must also be agreed that
the more the subject is left within the jurisdic-
tion ot the States, the belter probably will be
the administration of the remedies required.
I do not think that any Senator would prefer
to take away from the State its police juris-
diction over the subject of this bill. Police
jurisdiction, although it is not a jurisdiction
which makes the greatest figure before the
world, is nevertheless that precise jurisdiction
which is most essential to the existence of a
State. States may exist without freedom of
any kind in any other department of govern-
ment, because we know they have existed.
States may exist without free or any kind of
suffrage. Such States have existed. They may
exist without any general intelligence, with-
out any system of education for the people.
Such States have existed. They may exist
destitute of every element which we regard
as essential to good government. The his-
tory of the world is fall of such instances.
Asia to-day presents numerous illustrations
of what^ I have said, and Europe in her
past might be cited to the same effect.
The one power without which a State cannot
exist is the police power, the power to secme
life, liberty, and property, the peace, order,
and health of its people. Any State which has
the right to be a State must possess the police
power. Without that power the State cannot
be; it cannot exist.
I am quite willing to assume, and shall as-
sume for the purposes of this argument, that
every Senator would prefer that this subject,
which addresses itself to the best feelings of us
all—I mean the prevention of cruelty to ani-
mals in transit between the States—should have
