2434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California makes a point of order, the
Chair must rule upon it, subject to an appeal
to the Senate; but the Senate understand very
well that it has been the usage in this body
under all circumstances that Senators them-
selves determine the relation between t.heir
remarks and the pending bill, and they have
not consented, up to this time at any rate in
the history of the country, that the Vice Presi-
dent, who is not elected by them, shall determ-
ine for them as to their remarks being germane
to the pending bill. The Chair thinks that
these remarks are probably not germane to the
deficiency bill, but the Senator from Illinois is
to judge of that.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from Illi-
nois will allow me one word. Several Sena-
tors about me were appealing to me to go on
with the regular order, and I supposed that
was a sufficient indication that he could not
get a unanimous agreement on the proposition
he alluded to.
Mr. LOGAN. I suppose I may probably
take that as an indication that they did not
desire to hear anything further from me, and
if so, that is all right; but I have made a prop-
osition to the Senate, and I thought I was enti-
tled at least to have that proposition decided,
and that is what I was going to say. I am
certainly entitled to that. It the Senate do
not desire to name the time, it is their busi-
ness, and I have no objection; but I am cer-
tainly very desirous that some time should
be fixed, for several Senators have spoken to
me, saying that business called them away at
a certain time, but if a time were fixed- fur
taking a vote on this question they could all
be here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be objection on the part of two Senators to
fixing the time at which the vote shall be
taken, but the Chair was waiting to hear the
Senator from Illinois suggest some time when
the Chair could again recognize him, as has
previously been authorized by the Senate, to
move to lay on the table whatever might be
pending to take up this ease. If he would
name some time at which the Chair could
recognize him to proceed to the consideration
of this question, the Chair supposes that might
be agreed to. There appear to be objections
to fixing a time for taking the vote.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me suggest that
that be tbe understanding for this day week,
and then, so far as I am concerned, lam willing
to dispose of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has been
assigned by unanimous conscnt for the consid-
eration of the bill reported by the Committee
to Investigate Alleged Outrages in the South-
ern States.
Mr. CARPENTER. If that day or another
be fixed, I will unite, so far as myself is con-
cerned, with the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois in asking the Senate to sit it out and determ-
ine it. 1 do not want to prolong this thing;
but I do want the Senator from North Carolina
to be heard upon it.
Mr. TH URMAN. I wish to repeat what I
said awhile ago. I am necessarily compelled
to go home next week ; I ought to have gone
before ; and I shall have to be gone ten days
or two weeks, and I think it is but fair if this
matter is laid over to suit the Senator from
North Carolina, that it should be taken up so
that it can be disposed of before I leave.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When are you obliged
to go?
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot put off leaving
later than Wednesday week, and the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Batard] is also com-
pelled to leave on Tuesday week. Now, if it
is taken up on Monday and disposed of on
Monday or Tuesday, I can be here and he can
be here, and I hope we ean_ have an under-
standing of that sort.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not see the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,] who has
charge of the enforcement prolongation act,
and on whose motion, by unanimous consent,
Monday was assigned for that bill, in his seat
at this moment. I do not think it would be fair
toward him to determine in his absence, the
Senate having once agreed to that, to go on
with another subject on that day, although I
have no doubt to morrow morning it may be
composed in such a way as to dispose of this
case first and then take up that bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not know that that
was agreed upon. Certainly I should not have
agreed to it if it was to result in a postpone-
ment of this case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair devoted him-
self to getting the Senator's consent by asking
for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
expressly that the Senator from Pennsylvania
who is now seated upon one of the sofas asked
consent that that, day should be assigned for
that bill. The Chair asked him to state'what
the purport of the bill was, so that he could
state it publicly and nobody should be sur-
prised. and he stated that it was the bill re-
ported by the joint Committee to Investigate
Alleged Outrages in the Southern States, and
the Chair added, as will be found in the Globe,
that it was something in regard to the enforce-
ment law. He may have been mistaken, but
he supposed it was something of that character.
The Senator from Ohio did not, of course,
hear him, but lie did endeavor to make it plain
to the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I was aware that the
Senator from Pennsylvania said he would
desire to call up the bill on that day; but I
was not paying much attention, and I sup-
posed it was a mere notice of his intention to
call it up. If it was an agreement, very well;
but I think that, the Senate will agree that this
case shall be disposed of then under the cir-
p ■ ■) TYi ctnnfPQ
_ Mr. SCOTT. I did not hear the proposi-
tion that was made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio desires the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania to take another day next.week for the
bill he has under his charge from the joint
Committee to Investigate Alleged Outrages in
the Southern States, so that Monday next may
by unanimous consent be assigned for the
Committee on Privileges and Elections to take
up the North Carolina election case. He
stated, while the Senator from Pennsylvania
was not within hearing, that himself and the
Senator from Delaware have both to be absent
from the middle of next week, and they desire
this case to be considered during the first part
of the week.
Mr. THURMAN. There is a disposition
to put it off this week owing to the absence
of the Senator from North Carolina, and if
that is done, I want it taken up before I am
compelled to leave, and the Senator from
Delaware.
Mr. SCOTT. My recollection is——
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has all
been settled while the Senator was absent.
The question now is whether he will give up
the day assigned to him for some other, so
that this matter can be called up on Monday
next?
Mr. SCOTT. I am willing that the next
day shall be assigned for the bill reported by
the select committee, so that there is a proba-
bility that it will be disposed of. I desire,
when that measure is onee taken up, that there
shall be no interruption of it until it is dis-
posed of. It was fixed for Monday next by
the sense of the Senate this morning; but if
it be again the sense of the Senate to post-
pone it for another day and give the North
Carolina Senatorship the preference, I shall
have no objection, but I do not wish it to lose
its assignment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not
under this proposition, except that Tuesday
of next week was "assigned, at the suggestion
of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Buck-
ingham,] for another bill, subject to the un-
finished business. Wednesday of next week
is not assigned. All these assignments are
subject to the unfinished business or to a vote
of the Senate postponing them, and can only
be reached on that day if it be the will of the
Senate. If the Senator from Pennsylvania
will accept Wednesday of next week he will
be in the same position, except that it is two
days subsequent to the day first mentioned,
and will stand precisely in the same relation.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no objection to taking
Wednesday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then, if there
is no objection, that will be ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the under-
standing?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ That Wednes-
day of next week shall be assigned to the bill
reported from the Committee to Investigate
Alleged Outrages in the Southern States—the
Senator from Ohio states that he did not hear
the assignment made to-day—so that on Mon-
day the Senator from Illinois, or some other
Senator representing the majority of the com-
mittee, will be recognized, to move to proceed
to the North Carolina case, to be subject to
a vote of the Senate, subject to postponement,
subject to be laid on the table, or other busi-
ness. On that day some Senator representing
the majority of the committee will be recog-
nized to make that motion in order that ihe
case shall be reached. If that is the consent
of the Senate, it will be found in the Globe
to-morrow, and the Chair will rule accordingly
when that time conies.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not understand that
it is an agreement that the vote upon this
North Carolina question is to be taken at any
particular day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No; it is not;
but only that there shall be an opportunit3'
that it shall be reached on that day. The
deficiency bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. These assignments are made
subject to the unfinished business always.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are.
Mr. COLE. Then I hope Senators will take
notice of that fact and assist us in getting
through the appropriation bills as soun as
possible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair^ will
state further, so that nobody may be surprised,
that if the Committee on Appropriations some
'evening should call up an appropriation bill,
it would operate to the detriment of whatever
was assigned for one o'clock on the next day,
and would have priority.
MESS4GE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, iis Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
255) confirming to the Port Huron and Lake
Michigan Railroad Company the lands here-
tofore granted to the State of Michigan to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Grand
Haven to Flint, and thence to Port Huron, and
providing for the manner of issuing patents
therefor, and for other purposes; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ABIGAIL RYAN YI5T0 MESSAGB.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States :
To the Senate of the United States :
I return, without my approval, an act entitled
An act granting u pension to Abigail Ryan, widow
of Thomas A. Ryau."
The name of Mrs. Eyan is now borne upon tho
pension-rolls puisuant to an act of Congress entitled
An act for the relief of Mrs. Abigail Kyan," ap-
proved June 15,1866,<United States Statutes, volume
14, page 530.) U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansio.W April 15,187U.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it right to say
that while I am bound to express my gratifi-
cation that the President of the United States
has bills so carefully examined, even little
