1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2485
ones, to see that justice ia done, the President
has labored under a misapprehension in re-
spect to this bill. The name of this lady is
upon the pension-roll by an act of Congress
prescribing a specific rate of pension. After
that Congress provided that minor children
under sixteen years of age of widows on the
pension-roll should have two dollars a month
additional. Site applied to the Pension Office,
but was refused on the ground that having
been pat on the roll by a special act naming
the sum, she did not fall within the purview of
the two-dollar act. She appealed to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, who decided that she
did, and the additional two dollars was allowed
her. Then, in the change of the personnel of
the Department, that decision was again
changed and the two dollars was denied her.
She then came to us, and we reenacted the
act without stating the sum. but simply declar-
ing that her name should be put on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions of the pen-
sion laws, which declare, first, that nobody
shall have double pension ; and second, that
widows having children under the age of six-
teen years shall have two dollars a month
additional. The act on the face of it does not
explain itself, and, therefore, as I say, I pay
the real homage of my respect to the Pres-
ident of the United States for vetoing this bill,
because it shows how even the minutest trans-
actions of the Government are examined in
the approval of bills. I am very glad indeed
that it bas been done. I have no doubt myself
that this bill is right; but lest there should
be any doubt or difficulty in relation to this
double pension, I move for the time being that
the bill and message be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions for examination.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
lay before the Senate a message from the
House of Representatives asking for the ap-
pointment of a committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 1060, being the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendments disagreed to by the House,
and agree to the conference asked by the
House.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to let
that lie over until the morning. I should like
to see what the House has done.
The YICE PRESIDENT. Then it will be
reserved, because the proper time for present-
ing such matters, under the twenty-fourth rule,
is at the commencement of the session in the
morning.
deficiency bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1654)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government lor the fiscal year ending June
30, 1872, and for former years, and for other
PUSvicE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the amendments reported by the
Committee on Appropriations will be acted
upon as they are reached in the reading ot
the hill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the but.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was in line ten, in the
ciiutpe making appropriations for cartage for
the House of Representatives, to strike out the
word "hereafter."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment was in the clause
authorizing the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives to employ a private clerk, line
twenty-two, to strike out the word private.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert after line twenty-
seven the following items:
Senate:
To pay the mileage of Senators for attendance
at the session of the Senate convened on the 10th day
of May, 1871, by proclamation of the President,
829,900.
For miscellaneous items, $15,000.
For labor, $7,500.
For furniture, S3,600.
For expenses of heating and ventilating appa-
ratus, #400.
For compensation of John 0. Knowlton, for ser-
vice as messenger in the Senate during the month of
April, 1869, §120.
To pay Rives & Bailey for complete sets of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix, furnished to
Senators who had not previously received them,
under the act of July 4,1864, $3,005.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line eighty-
two, to insert the following:
And in settling the accounts of John P. Hale, late
minister to Spain, the accounting officers of the
Treasury shall allow him salary to the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1870, at which time his health was so far re-
stored as to be able to travel, and the sum necessary
to pay the same is hereby appropriated. And the
Secretary of State is hereby authorized to allow the
payment of such sums as the President shall ap-
prove to the consuls of the United States at Algiers,
Boulogne, Lyons, Marseilles, Nantes, Nice, and
Rheims, as compensation for extraordinary services
during the late war in Europe: Provided, That the
total sum so expended shall not exceed the unex-
pended balance of the amount appropriated by the
fourth and fifth paragraphs of the act entitled "An
act making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1872, and for other purposes," approved March
3, 1871.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one
hundred and twenty, to add:
To defray the extraordinary expenses of the
American minister to the kingdom of Italy occa-
sioned by the removal of its capital from Turin to
Florence, and from Floronce to Rome, $6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
line one hundred and twenty-four:
To enable Robert C. Schenck, minister to Great
Britain, to pay his private amanuensis, as pjovided
by joint resolution approved January 11,1871. from
the date of the approval of said joint resolution to
July 1,1871, SI,180.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line one hundred and forty to line one hun-
dred and forty-four, inclusive, in the following
words:
Treasury Department.
Office of Commissioner of Customs:
For one clerk of class two, $700.
For two clerks of class one, $1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one
hundred and seventy-one, to strike out the
following clause:
For deficiency in the salary of deputy treasurer,
assay office, New York, for the fiscal year ending
June 13,1872, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one
hundred and ninety-three, to insert the fol-
lowing :
For printing and binding house and council
journals of the fifth session of the Legislative
Assembly of Montana Territory, $2,400. ,
For compensation of members of the litth Legis-
lature of Montana Territory, $847.
For rent of office, salary of messenger, furniture,
carpet, postage, and other incidental expenses of
the secretary of the Territory of New Mexico, for
the fiscal year ending June 30,18i), bl,35J S2.
For expenses of the secretary s olhee of the ter-
ritory of Arizona, rent of office, fuel, lights, print-
ing, postage, storage of furniture, &o., $3,000.
For expenses of the secretary s office ot the ier-
ritory of Wyoming, fuel, lights, stationery, postage,
&c„ $1,200. , . ,
For miscellaneous printing, and printing journals
of council and house of the nineteenth annual ses-
sion of the Legislative Assembly of the lerritory
of Utah, $1,750 40.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two
hundred and twenty to insert the words "and
in the recovery of property claimed to have
accrued or belonged to the United States
through the suppression of the rebellion, and
for settling the accounts of agents employed
in recovering such property;" and in line two
hundred and twenty-five, to strikeout ''fifteen"
and insert " thirty so as to make the clause
read:
Captured and abandoned property:
For payment of necessary expenses incurred in de-
fending suits against the Secretary of the Treasury,
or his agents, and fordefense of the United States in
respect to sueh property, and in the recovery of
property claimed to have accrued or belonged to the
United States through the suppression of the rebel-
lion, and forsettlingtheaccountsof agents employed
in recovering such property, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
$30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two
hundred and forty-two, to insert the following:
For continuing the work on the new State Depart-
ment building during the balance of the present
fiscal year, $200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to reduce the
appropriation for extension and repair of the
building for custom-house and post office at
Baltimore, Maryland, from §50,000 to$25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two
hundred and seventy-seven, to insert the
following:
For rent of the office of the Assistant Treasurer of
the United States at St. Louis, Missouri, $1,500, or
so much thereof as may be necessary for the remain-
der of the present fiscal year: and for fitting up the
office, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line three
hundred and eight, to strikeout:
To pay the commissions allowed by the act of
March 3, 1851, to collectors of customs acting as
superintendents of lights, $48,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line three
hundred and twenty-three, to strike out the
following clause:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be. and he
hereby is, authorized to pay to the Second Comp-
troller additional compensation tocqualize his salary
with that of the First Comptroller: Provided, That
with sueh additional compensation the appropria-
tion for the Second Comptroller's office for the
present fiscal year shall not bo exceeded.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line three
hundred and thirty-seven, to strike out the
following clause:
To pay John Gordon, messenger in the Post Office
Department, for extra service from March 4,1853,
to March 3,1857, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest that
the Secretary be requested to read only the
parts of the bill that are purposed to be
amended. I do not think that where there is
no disagreement between the two Houses, as
appears by the report of the committee, it is
necessary to read alt these provisions. There-
fore, I suggest that he read only those portions
that are proposed to be amended by the com-
mittee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Ver-
mont suggests that the portion of the bill not
affected by the amendment be not read.
Mr. POMEROY. _ It is a new thing to pass
any bill without reading it.
Mr. CONKLING. It is short, and can be
read through.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
have the bill read through.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the suggestion.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought we could pass
the postal code bill without reading it, but I
was told we must read it.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill. ..ii
Mr. COLE. 1 move to strike otu the two
paragraphs on page 16, commencing at line
three hundred and sixty-two, and ending at
line three hundred and sixty-seven. They
have already been placed under their proper
