1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1530
to my colleague that if this proposition be put
upon an appropriation bill its passage would
be rendered absolutely certain. I desire to
call the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Gabfield] to
this subject for a moment. I understood the
gentleman to say that this proposition might
without objection be put upon an appropria-
tion bill which would come before the House
in a short time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I could not say
that for the Committee on Appropriations,
because the subject has not been before them
for consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman said he
would not object to it upon an appropriation
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I said I would
not object to it upon the ground I objected
before.
Mr. HOLMAN. One other suggestion.
Since the subject was before the House day
before yesterday, it has been suggested that
if the bill should be passed to equalize boun-
ties, that measure would accomplish the pur-
pose of this bill and something more. If this
bill is to pass, I would suggest to my colleague
whether it would not be just as well perhaps
to have it pass in the form I have suggested.
Mr. COBUJRN. I do not know any way
that could possibly accomplish the defeat of
this proposition unless some such course as
that suggested by the gentleman is adopted.
This bill is now in a shape in which it can go
through the House and Senate without objec-
tion, and I predict it will if put through as it
is. This bill, if it shall become a law, will
not largely increase the expenditures of the
Government. We have made an approximate
estimate, and the amount of these bounties
under this bill cannot possibly exceed the
amount contemplated by the proclamation
calling for forty-two thousand men, of the
President, of 1861, by $1,500,000. I am in-
formed that in the Senate this bill is favorably
received. Their attention has been.called to
it, and I have no doubt it will pass that body
within a week after it goes over. If it is
tacked on an appropriation bill it may be
dropped out somewhere and lost. I would
rather a thousand times it should go through
as an independent proposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well; let the bill
pass as my colleague [Mr. Coburn] desires it.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to move an
amendment to this bill.
Mr. COBURN. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend by in-
serting before the word "mustered," in line
nine, the words "before August 6, 1861."
That will cover the eases of those who enlisted
prior to July 22, 1861, and who were actually
mustered in the service in pursuance of that
enlistment. A whole regiment of Connecticut
volunteers enlisted in the month of June, but
they were not actually mustered in until July
22, on account of the delay of the mustering
officer, they having then been in camp for two
months. Now, I wish to provide simply for the
case of those who were within the scope of
the decision of the Supreme Court; that is,
those who actually enlisted before July 22,1861,
but who, from some delay of the mustering offi-
cer, were not mustered in until after that day.
I have fixed August 6, because that is the
day when Congress ratified the act by which
those volunteers were mustered in.
Mr. COBURN. Say "on or before the
22d of July.
Mr. KELLOGG. I say " actually mustered
in before August 0, in pursuance of said enlist-
ment." It was agreed by the gentleman who
reported the bill that this should be inserted.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
After the word "mustered," online nine, insert
the words " before August 6,1861."
Mr. HOLMAN. Do not soldiers who were
enlisted after July 22 get that bounty?
Mr. KELLOGG. No, sir. Under the terms
of the law the enlistment must be prior to July
22, 1861.
Mr. HOLMAN. Did these soldiers enlist
for three years, or the war?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir, for three years;
every one of them.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
bill as it will be with the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Kellogg.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted, That every volunteer, non-oom-
missioned officer, private, musician, and artificer
who enlisted into the military service of the United
States prior to July 22,1861. under the proclamation
of the President of the United States of May 3,
1861, and the orders of the War Department issued
in pursuance thereof, and was actually mustered
before August 6,1861, into any regiment, company,
or battery which was accepted by the War Depart-
ment under such proclamation and orders, shall be
paid the full bounty of $100, under and by virtue of
the said proclamation and orders of the War Depart-
ment, in force at the time of such enlistment and
prior to July 22,1861: Provided, That the same has
not already been paid.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that this amend-
ment will in its effect go somewhat further
than the gentleman from Connecticut supposes.
I certainly, hpwever, have no objection to it.
I think that soldiers who were mustered in
between July 22 and August 6, 1861, were
mustered in under the provisions of the act of
July 22; but inasmuch as there is a provision
that those who have received the bounty shall
not receive it again under the bill, there cer-
tainly can be no ground of objection to the
proposition, except that the whole matter
would be more completely and fairly adjusted
by the passage of a bill for the equalization of
bounties. Such an act would do justice to
these soldiers and to all others.
Mr. COBURN. I would like to know from
my colleague how much he estimates the equal-
ization of all the bounties would amount to?
Mr. HOLMAN. It would require several
million, dollars to equalize the bounties, I pre-
sume.
Mr. COBURN. How many millions ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest to my
colleague that an act like this, of manifest
justice to the soldiers, ought not to depend
upon the question whether it will take more
or less out of the Treasury, provided that the
Treasury will not be seriously embarrassed by
the outlay.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman's bill has
been submitted to the pay department, and an
estimate made as to the expense which it
would entail upon the Government. It has
been found if the bounties were equalized as
he proposes $153,000,000 would be added to
the expenditures of the Government. I ask
him whether he would support a proposition
which would take $153,000,000 out of the
Treasury?
Mr. HOLMA.N. My colleague will remem-
ber one fact, that we have never yet submitted
to either the Interior or the War Department
a question with reference to the expense of
carrying out a law of the kind without receiv-
ing an estimate largely beyond the real facts;
for the officers of the Departments desire to
place the amount at such a figure as cannot in
any event be exceeded. I do not apprehend
that anything approaching the sum mentioned
by my colleague would be taken out of the
Treasury by the equalization proposed; but
if it took ever so much, I would free the coun-
try from the existing ground of just complaint
on the part of our soldiers that, as to the bounty
received from the Government, their compen-
sation has, in fact,, been unequal. Some sol-
diers who served only one, two, or three
months have received bounties, while others
who served two years and ten months, have not
received one cent of bounty, or at best but
fifty dollars.
Mr. COBURN. This matter has been
thoroughly investigated by the pay depart.
ment, and a careful estimate made. There is
no question in my mind, nor I think in the
mind of any one who has given fair considera-
tion to the subject, that this estimate is cor-
rect. I have no reason to doubt the honesty,
the capability, or the exactness of the pay
department in making these calculations. I
have no doubt their estimates are about
right, and the gentleman cannot avoid the
responsibility he takes in requiring this outtay
for the mere purpose of making some political
capital out of a measure which his notions
of economy in other things would revolt at.
The question is simply this: are gentlemen
ready to authorize the Government to proceed
to make this enormous outlay at this time ?
That is all to which I wish to call the attention
of the House. It is now before the committee,
and under consideration and uncisposed of.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, does not call for a
large expenditure. If the gentleman from
Connecticut will say in his amendment that it
shall apply to those who enlisted on or before
the 22d of July, I will yield to him to offer it.
Mr. CREBS. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. COBURN. Certainly.
Mr. CREBS. I am in favor of the bill offered
at this time. If we cannot get a better one to
equalize the bounties of soldiers I do not wish
to throw any obstacles in the way of the- pas-
sage of this bill. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana if he has any idea ot the amount of
money already paid for bounties to soldiers?
It is evident to my mind that a large portion
of these bounties has already been paid. A
bilj to equalize bounties passed this House,
but failed to pass the Senate. The amount
which would be paid -under that bill according
to an estimate I have made I—do not profess to
know whether it is entirely correct, but it will
be found that at least three fourths of the
bounties have already been paid to the soldiers
under bounty laws which we have already
passed—-I say according to my estimate the
amount which would be paid under that bill,
instead of being $150,000,000, if I am not very
much mistaken, would not be more than
$20,000,000, and then we would have a per-
fect equalization of bounties to soldiers. I
am not certain my estimate is correct, but
taking the number of troops we had in the
field and the number of soldiers who have
already received bounties—for nearly all have
received some, but there are a few who have
received no bounty whatever—taking the num-
ber of soldiers we had m the field, and the num-
ber who have received bounties, and estimating
as nearly as I can from official data, it seems
to me $20,000,000 would be all that could be
asked under the,bill to equalize these boun-
ties. Taking the whole time our soldiers
served during the war, in my judgment, that >
amount would be all that would be required.
If it took that amount, or even if it took doul^e
that amount, if it be just, and I think no one
can doubt that it is just, that these bounties
should be equalized, then it is the duty of the
Government to pass such a bill. There is no
doubt all those who have received bounty were
entitled to it, and it is equally just that, those
who have not yet received it should do so.
Mr. COBURN. I have here the estimates
from the War Department, which I will append
to my remarks, i have the estimate of the Pay-
master General as to the bill of my colleague,
[Mr. Holm ax,] and the aggregate of cost,
under that bill will be §163,543,000 in round
numbers. Under the bill of my other col-
league [Mr. Niblack] the amount will be
§137,275,000. I am not now saying that I
would oppose any bill for this purpose, but
1 do say before a thing of this kind is gone
into hastily gentlemen should know what they
are doing. These estimates I ask to be printed
with my remarks.
