644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
be impossible to send messages from New
York to San Francisco for twenty cents with-
out taxing the people to pay the additional
cost over the charge made. I am not blind to
the difficulties, and abuses that may spring up
under the present system, nor to the monopoly
which the Western Union Company is evidently
acquiring over the whole telegraphic system
of the country. I wish some method could
be devised to check the growth and power of
such monster monopolies, but I am not pre-
pared to jump out of the frying-pan into the
fire by placing omnipotent power into the
hands of the Government of the United States,
the most dangerous because the most powerful
of all monopolies, when centralized and con-
solidated, as it is fast becoming, thus com-
bining a political, commercial, and social cen-
sorship, which would, in my judgment, soon
prove fatal to free institutions. I would like
to see ^reat railroad corpox-ations, like the Penn-
sylvania Central and the transcontinental lines,
curbed in someway, but I would regard it as
a great calamity to see the United States take
the control and management of them. I op-
pose the present movement and all kindred
schemes earnestly and firmly, because I regard
the monopolizing, centralizing, consolidating
spirit which has for the last few years per-
vaded the legislation of Congress as the most
dangerous symptom which the late civil war
has developed. I do not know that it can be
checked.
When I saw ten States of this Union con-
verted into military satrapies in time of pro-
found peace, their white men disfranchised
and the ballot put into the hands of the negroes,
and they driven to the polls and forced to vote
for men not even citizens of the State, and
thus neutralize in Congress the votes of the
States that were free; when I saw them not
only reconstructed, but as in the case of Geor-
gia re reconstructed, simply because they voted
against General Grant; when I saw the Su-
preme Court ol' the United Slates first threat-
ened with annihilation, then reorganized to
carry out party ends, and the then President
almost successfully impeached because he was
an obstacle in the way of revolution ; negro suf-
frage imposed upon all the States against their
consent by coerced votes cast in coerced mili-
tary districts, and one by one the old land-
marks of the Constitution cast down and
trampled upon, and the men who did these
things still trusted with place and power, I
con/ess my faith in the capacity of the people
for self-government was shaken; and when I
heard it announced by the chairman of the
leading committee of this House that in the
collection of the internal revenue on distilled
spirits alone, three years ago, $100,000,000
was stolen by or with the eounivauco of
Government officials, I almost felt as though
"I had no faith in human nature." But
when I saw, as we all did in the fall of 1809,
a Secretary of the Interior dismissed by the
President from his high office solely, upon
the ground, as the country understands it, that
he would not allow his employes to be taxed,
and a percentage taken out of the wages hon-
estly earned and necessary for the support of
their families, for the corrupt purpose of con-
trolling congressional elections by the money
thus coerced, I feit that mortification was
fast reaching the vitals of the body politic; and
I know that if in the present debased and
demoralized condition of the Government we
take governmental control and possession of
the telegraph system, adding twenty five thou-
sand more serf's to be taxed and driven to the
polls under the lash of the Administration, that
step will be followed by taking control of the
railroads, under pretense of regulating com-
merce between the States, and tens of thou-
sands ot other tools of the Government, hold-
ing their places_ only on condition of abject
political subserviency, will soon be added, until
!&© people's voice will be heard 110 more, or
" beard in opposition, to the orders of tWr
masters, the bayonet will enforce obedience,
and "let us have peace" will have the same
significance all over the country it has had for
five years over the unfortunate, defenseless,
atid downtrodden southern States. I protest
here and now against any further Federal
aggression on the rights and liberties of the
States and the people, against any further
interference with their private business con-
cerns, and against all such further attempts at
consolidation and centralization as this meas-
ure proposes.
I will not detain the House further, having
agreed to yield for a few moments to my friend
from Missouri [Mr. Wells] and another gen-
tleman.
Mr. DAWES. I presume the House will
indulge me, without taking up any of the time
which my friend from Kentucky has promised
to his friends, in a few moments' remarks.
Mr. BECK. I have no doubt it will.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion to the arrangement proposed extending
the time of the gentleman from Kentucky for
a few minutes? The Chair hears none.
Mr. DAWES. Is the gentleman from Ken-
tucky through ?
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. I had no desire to interrupt
any arrangement which the gentleman had
made with his friends, nor would I have pushed
myself between him and the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Wells.]
Mr. BECK. The House has extended my
time.
Mr. DAWES. Whatever the gentleman
from Kentucky says is calculated to attract
the attention of the country, and his known
ability and candor and freedom (to the extent
that the lot of humanity will admit) from
partisanship in the consideration of public
questions will undoubtedly insure for the
speech which he has made more extensive
perusal than anything which it would be pos-
sible for me to say, and therefore it is that
I have listened with great interest, and have
waited with still more interest to see if my
friend had elaborated any plan or remedy for
the existing state of things.
Mr. BECK Certainly not.
Mr. DAWES. I regret all the more that a
gentleman of his ability, seeing the defects in
the plan proposed by the Postmaster General,
in which he knows himself that you and I,
Mr. Speaker, agree with him most heartily
as to their existence and as to their force,
perceives no remedy after all, but contents
himself with leaving matters as they are. I
ask him to look at this view of the case: I
agree with him in all that he has said of the
great impropriety and danger of the plan
suggested by the Postmaster General. 1 do
not understand him to decry the telegraph
system, or to desire to curtail it. But, on
the other hand, I know that the gentleman
feels, as does every other intelligent man in
the country, that this telegraph system is yet
almost in its infancy; it is yet further to bo
developed and extended, not only o.'er this
great country, but over the whole 1 orld, so
that it shall embrace the utmost coi iines of
this planet in its reach and its effects. Now,
if all the evils that the gentleman has pre-
dicted are to flow from the taking possession
by the Government of the United States of
the telegraph system of the country, and they
do exist, what is the remedy? Is it to leave
that whole power in the hands of an irresponsi-
ble corporation whose head is in Wall street,
and whose arms extend around the globe?
Has my friend no remedy for this, no alterna-
tive for this? Does he not see that while he
says—and I agree with him in the truth of his
statement—that up to this hour there has been
no occasion of complaint as to the manner in
which this corporation has administered its
great functions, (and that so long asitis under
the control of its present head probably there
will not be any such complaint,) yet the power
which is inherent in the system itself, so capa-
ble of abuse, so unsafe to be reposed in the
Postmaster General or any other governmental
officer, now rests with him in Wall street,
prompted by all the considerations that can
be made to bear upon the Postmaster Genera!,
whether they be political or pecuniary, and
liable to all the temptations, and liable to all
the deviations from an upright course that the
Postmaster General can be ? And you can put
no man at the head of this institution who will
stand there not exposed to pecuniary tempta-
tions. And if the agents of the Postmaster
General can by the ear obtain possession of the
most secret messages—whether they be polit-
ical messages, or messages involving mateiial
interests of the most secret character, affecting
the markets of the world—so can the agents of
one single man, responsible to no mortal but
those who employ him, not responsible, as the
Postmaster General must be, to the great peo-
ple of the country for his administration of it,
and to that extent more of a tyrant and more
of a despot than il is possible to make the
Postmaster General.
Mr. N1BLACK. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman is now
approaching what I think is one of the most
serious points involved in this whole contro-
versy. If now a telegraph operator or anybody
connected with the transmission of messages
should develop anything to the injury of any-
body, or should make any mistake that may
result in damage to anybody, or be 111 anyway
detrimental to his interests, he has a remedy
against the corporation, whereas if such a
damage should be inflicted by any one in the
employ of the Government there is no remedy.
As an instance in point, I would refer to the
Post Office Department at present. Valuable
letteis are registered and sent through the
post office, and should one be stolen or lost
there is no remedy. But if such a letter or
any vaiuaolo package is sent by an express
agent and lost, stolen, or delayed, we have a
remedy against the corporation of which he is
the agent, j'he one is responsible, the other
is irresponsible, so far as the courts of the
country are concerned.
Mr. DAWES. I am trying to look beyond
the mere pecuniary advantage or loss that is
bound up in a single message, to the power
that rests in one individual at one point, irre-
sponsible to anybody but the stockholders of
his corporation, by which he can convulse the
business of this country and of the world when
ho comes to connect himself with every enter
prise 011 every business current in the world-
sitting, if I may use the figure, at the helm
of every business enterprise, and holding its
tiller in his hand.
Now, though I have no more inclination for
the system proposed by the Postmaster Gen-
eral than has the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] and though I have 110 idea that I
shall ever be drawn into the support of it until
after he has been, still I ask him, because I
want to know, if a man of his intelligence and
his ability has been able to see a remedy ; and
I get from him the confession that he sees 110
remedy for this condition of things. It is not
for the purpose of weakening or impaiiitio'
any argument that my distinguished" friend
from Kentucky has brought against the idea
that it is safe for the Government of the United
States to hold as a private enterprise the tele-
graph systems of the country, not that it is a
matter of economy that they should do it; but I
beg my friend to turn his attention to the great
question looming up in the near future touch-
ing, not telegraphs alone, but that other great
combination that is sooner or later to shake
the foundation of Government in this coun-
try—the railroad combinations of this land.
And is there remedy for that?
Now, sir, I fail to see why it may not be safe
for the Government so far to take"hold of this '
