692
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Uniform Tobacco Tax■—-Mr. Winchester.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
war exceeds the whole amount of the debt at
the close of the war by more than three hun-
dred and seventy-five millions, and yet the
debt has only been reduced $384,000,0001
When we talk of two thousand millions, or
of three thousand millions, the mind is stag-
gered. Without some simple standard of meas-
ure one becomes confused ; and hence I avail
myself of the measure afforded by the table of
the wealth of the United States, and of the
States, given in the reports of the census for
1870.
Bear in mind that since the close of the war
the people have paid into the Treasury more
than three thousand million dollars. How
much is that? It is more than the assessed
value of all the personal property in the States
of Alabama, Arkansas, California, Connecti-
cut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, In-
diana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan,
Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska,
Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, North
Carolina, and Ohio. That measurement con-
veys to the mind some idea of what three
thousand millions mean 1
We are further told by this table that the
true value of all the real and personal prop-
erty in the United States amounts to thirty
thousand millions, or thirty billions of money,
and as the people have paid three thousand
millions, or three billions of taxes since the
war, within that time they have paid as taxes
to the Federal Government one tenth of the
true value of all the cities, towns, villages,
manufacturing establishments, rolling-mills,
l'ounderies, furnaces, stores, shops, barns,
ships, and boats of all kinds, railways and
their running stock; of all the bonds, State,
national, county, and muuicipal, and of all the
money; of all the farms, and all the stock,
and all the grain in the United States at this
time. That is, one tenth of the true value ot'
all the real and personal property in the Uni-
ted States has been consumed in seven years'
time by the Federal Government, without tak-
ing into account the State and local taxes paid
by the people. That this condition of things
is alarming, every candid man must admit;
and when it is remembered that the public
debt has only been reduced $884,000,000,
while $3,000,000,000 of taxes have been paid
into the Treasury, the absolute necessity of
a change in the administration of the Govern-
ment becomes imperative.
General Grant, like every other brave sol-
dier, is entitled to the gratitude of the country.
But if gratitude was his due, with what bound-
less generosity has he been paid ? For him a
higher military title was created than was
ever borne by Washington. In its desire to do
him honor Congress crossed the ocean and
borrowed from the monarchy of England the
title of General and conferred it upon the suc-
cessful soldier, and with the title a princely
salary of nearly twenty thousand dollars 1 Nor
was this all. His wealthy countrymen gener-
ously bestowed upon him houses and iands
and horses and bonds. Never before in the
history of the Republic did any one man
become the recipient of so many golden favors.
Although grateful to the successful General
whose laurels were purchased by the blood of
half a million of our soldiers, we cannot longer
be blind to the fact that by inclination, educa-
tion, and habit he isunlitted for the grave and
onerous duties of the Chief Magistracy.
In the camp his will was absolute, and if
absolute in the camp he does not understand
why it should not be absolute over the Repub-
lic. A soldier, and only a soldier by instinct
and by education, his idea of government is
unrestrained power, and iustead of securing
order through the agency of just and consti-
tutional laws, his* instinct and his habit is to
resort to his force, after the manner of the
mogul, the sultan, and the czar. In con-
tempt of republican simplicity, and in open
violation of a law which he himself approved,
he, a civilian magistrate, surrounds himself
with a military staff, and assumes a dictator-
ship over Congress and the people. Ignorant,
or regardless of the Constitution, and imagin-
ing that his power is absolute, he details a
member of his staff, and without the knowl-
edge of the Senate, sent him with a fleet to
negotiate a treaty for the acquisition of San
Domingo.
And when the chairman of the Senate Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, a statesman re-
nowned for his learning and ability, dared to
exercise his functions as a Senator under the
Constitution, our Marcellus dictates to the
Senate, and causes the degradation of the Sen-
ator for daring to vindicate the Constitution.
Chaw.es Sumner was degraded from his high
position' as chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, but the iron-hecled ruler and
his obedient satellites acknowledged that the
Senator was right by adopting his policy as to
San Domingo. Another Senator, younger in
years, but, scarce of less renown, was proscribed
and his friends were hunted down because he
had the temerity to maintain the Constitution.
Thus were Sumner and Schorz and Trum-
bull and Fenton and Tipton and others
marked for the guillotine by the merciless exe-
cutioner, and the watchword was passed along
the line, " Submit or die."
All our other Presidents from Washington
to Lincoln felt it to be their duty to remain at
the Capitol for the transaction of public busi-
ness ; but the present Chief Magistrate devotes
his life to amusement and pleasure, and is the
recognized leader of fashion at Saratoga and
Long Branch.
In an editorial eulogy, the National Repub-
lican, one of the most zealous of the advocates
of the President, thus portrays his character.
The Republican says:
"no (the President) smokes his cigars, goes quietly
to Long Branch, and spends months in recreation
and relaxation, ieaving the direction of affairs with
the heads of the Departments, and there is nothing
about him of a meddlesome or aggressive character
in his intercourse with his Cabinet or with Congress."
And what is the result of this royal indiffer-
ence to public affairs? There is a high carni-
val of fiaud and peculation and legalized rob-
bery, and chaos reigns supreme.
THE DltrAKTMENTS.
As checks upon each other, the Treasury
Department is divided into bureaus. The Bu-
reau of Internal Revenue is one. TheBureau
of the Register of the Treasury is another.
Each keeps an account of the internal revenue
collected, and the chief of each makes his an-
nual report to the Secretary of the Treasury.
In their reports for 1871 the Register makes
the amount ofintevnal revenue collected during
the past eight years more than one hundred
millions greater than the amount stated by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. More than
one hundred millions has dropped out between
the two bureaus. Where is thatmoney ? The
tax-payers would like to have an answer.
For the sake of the country would that there
was no further mystery to be solved in the
Treasury Department. I use the mild term
mystery : but it covers the disappearance of
hundreds of millions. In his official report foT
1809, the Secretary of the Treasury makes
the amount of the public debt $167,000,000
greater than the amount stated by the Regis-
ter of the Treasury, who is its book keeper.
From 1861 until 1869 the books of the Secre-
tary and the books of the Register balanced
to a dollar, when the startling fact appears
that, by some process unknown to the book-
keeper of the Treasury, $167,000,000 is added
to the public debt by the Secretary of the
Treasury. What constitutes that additional
debt of $167,000,000 which the people are to
be called upon to pay? By whose authority,
by what law was this suspicious debt created?
Nor does the mystery stop here. In his
report for 1870 Secretary 'Boutwell again
makes the debt greater than the Register, this
time by $94,000,000. Nor is this all. In his
own report for 1870 Secretary Boutwell makes
thedebtatthe closeoftheyear 1809 $68,000,000
less than he stated it to be in his report for that
year. To make the mystery more embarrass-
ing, Secretary Boutwell is contradicted in his
statements as to the amount of the debt by
Secretaries Chase, Fetfsenden, and McCul-
loch, to the extent of $306,000,000; and the
discrepancies between the Secretary and the
Register from 1861 until June30, 1871, exceed
the $350,000,000.
The statements of the amount of the debt
by Register Allison for the years from 1861
until 1869 are corroborated by the statements
of Registers Chittenden, Colby, and Jeffries;
but in 1871 Register Allison has been required
to falsify his own accounts of the debt to the
extent of more than $350,000,000; and his
debt statement made in 1871 for the years
since 1861 contradicts his statement of the total
debt at the close of each of those years to the
amount of several hundred millions.
This falsification of the accounts of the
Treasury was brought to the attention of the
House on the 13th day of February, 1872, and
to this hour no explanation has been given. It
is only equaled in its alarming character by
the removal from the War Office and the trans-
portation to a foreign land of the official reports
which constitute the only reliable history of
the late civil war.
That agravenecessily for reform exists is he-
ginning to be understood by the whole country.
That that reform can only be effected by a
change of administration is now certain, and
the lemedy can only be brought about by the
combined action of the friends of good govern-
ment andfree institutions. I have only touched
upon the margin of the chaos in which the Fed-
eral Government is involved; and upon this
occasion I will proceed no further. That our
institutions are by degrees being destroyed is
certain, and for one 1 am prepared to recog-
nize as friends, and to act with as allies all
honest men wh'o are willing to aid in rescuing
our institutions from the peril which threatens
them.
Uniform Tobacco Tax.
SPEECH OF HON. B WINCHESTER,
op kentucky,
In the House of Representatives,
May 21, 1872,
On the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes.
Mr. WINCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I am
gratified that the committee, recognizing the
great injustice of the discrimination that has
heretofore existed in the law in reference to
the tobacco tax, and following out the recom-
mendation of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue in his report for the fiscal year end-
ing June 31, 1871, have very wisely reported
in favor of a uniform tax of twenty cents,
placing all classes of manufacturers on an
equal footing. The discrimination made under
the existing law is unjust, grievous, and bur-
densome to the manufacturers of plug and
twist tobacco; it unjustly restricts and op-
presses one class of manufacturers, while it
protects and favors another class, who manu-
facture the same material though in a different
form.
The law fixing the tax at thirty-two cents
per pound on chewing tobacco was intended
