4228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
authority, are so obvious that every ono feels
them at once, It is not simply mercy to the
poor brut©, although that of itself is sufficient
with any right-hearted man; it is mercy to
ourselves, mercy to the people who eat the
flesh of these animals, which, when they are
improperly* transported, is unhealthy at the
place of its destination, and almost or quite
unfit for food. That' is all very true 5 and a
true economy, too, requires that proper means
shall be. provided to prevent cruelty to these
animals, which results in a depreciation of the
animal and a loss to its owner.
As a general rule, I am for leaving trade to
find out the best remedies for evils that are
incident to trade. It will be found ninety-nine
times out of a hundred that the interference
of law is prejudicial. It will he found ninety-
nine times out of a hundred that interest is the
surest reform of abuses in trade. Take this
very case: it is established that to transport
from Chicago to New York in the ordinary
way, and without sufficient rest and food,
and water, a bullock involves a loss of not
less- than forty pounds; but that in a proper
oar, supplying him with food, with water, and
with an opportunity to lie down, his loss is
only eight pounds. That of itselC, makes it
the interest of the owuer to ship hiui in a
proper ear if one be afforded, and I have
not the least doubt that, without any legisla-
tion at all ou the part of Congress, not 1 liree
years, nay, not two years will pass by until we
shall see no bullock shipped in the cars in
which they have heretofore been transported,
but that (in the contrary the improved ear
which affords hiui opportunities to lie down,
$iud, which affords him food and water at all
times, will come into universal use. 1 have no
doubt that that will be so without any legis-
lation at all. I have no doubt that the simple
iuteroBtof the owner will compel the use of
these cars.
But iu the mean time the railroad compa-
nies have a number of the old cars. Millions
upon millions of dollars are invested iu the
old oars, aud some tiiue is necessary for them
to work off that stock. 1 say millions i yes,
tens of millions of dollars are invested iu these
old cars instead of the improved cars for cuttle
transportation. It is therefore a question, as
it seems to mo, that we ought not to be too
hasty in acting upon. We ought to bo careful,
in view of the largo interests involved, before
we pass a bill to take effect immediately, and
which may have thy ollt'Ct to throw out of
view aud to throw out of use so large ail amount
of property as might bo remleiud useless by
the passage of this bill.
Hut, sir, there is another difficulty, ono to
which the attention of the Senate has already
been called, and it is a very great difficulty,
aud I hardly know how to remedy it. It is
provided 111 this bill that " iu estimating such
confinement the time during which the ani-
mals have been conlined without such rest 011
Connecting roads from which they are received
shall be included, it being the intent of this
act to prohibit their continuous confinement
beyond the period of twenty-eight hours, ex-
cept upon contingencies hereinbefore stated."
I do not know how a company owning a road
in Ohio, for instance, of fifty or one hundred
miles long, is to ascertain with certainty that
cattle in a car which comes to that road have
or have not been allowed rust and furnished
with food and water within the twenty-eight
hours. Take, for iustauce, a car-load of cattle
coming by way of Cincinnati and destined for
Pittsburg, and coming over the Little Miami,
the Columbus and Xenia, the Central Ohio,
the Su-ubenville and Pittsburg road, and the
Pan-iiandle road, and then the Pennsylvania
road from the end of the Pan-Handle to Pitts-
burg. There are live or six roads, some of
them ninety miles king, some of them only
fifty miles long, some of them only twenty
miles long. How is it possible for the man-
agers of one of these short roads to tell whether
these cattle have been watered and fed and
allowed five hours' consecutive rest within the
last twenty-eight hours? If ignorance of the
fact is to excuse, then the bill is not effective;
but if the company is to be punished without
knowing the fact, at all, although • it. acts in
entire ignorance of it, then the bill is-unjust.
It seems to me that this requires some pro-
vision in this bill. My own impression is that
the bill really hits at the wrong persons ;< that
it hits at the railroad company over whose
road the cattle may pass, without hitting at
the real persons who are the transporters of
the cattle. How is this business done? It is
done mainly in this way : a cattle transporta-
tion company at Chicago or Omaha under-
takes to transport cattle to Buffalo or to New
York city, usually to Buffalo only, or to Al-
bany, both great cattle markets, for the trans-
portation very seldom extends beyond those
places fromthe West, either Buffalo or Albany.
There they are sold, and there, after being put
in condition, they are taken to the city of New
York, hi the same way cattle destined for
Philadelphia almost all are stopped at Pitts-
burg, which is a great cattle market, and after
being refreshed, and recruiting some time by
a stay of two or three weeks, they are then
forwarded to Philadelphia. That is the course
of the trade, and the transportation from Chi-
cago, or from Omaha, or from St. Louis is
usually under a contract with a transportation
company, which transports them over all the
roads and haB charge of them all the way.
This bill leaves out entirely that transporta-
tion company, which does ninety-nine hun-
dredths of this business, aud merely goes upon
every little railroad company over whose road
the cattle may pass. I think that is a great
delect in the bill. I am not prepared with an
amendment. It would takeconsiderable time
to prepare an amendment that would meet that
ease; and yet tho truth of it. is that this bill
visits the punishmont upon the railroad com-
pany, which has no knowledge aud can have
uo certain knowledge, has tio means of knowl-
edge whether the cattle have been properly
.cared for pursuant to the bill or not, aud leaves
out the very transportation company that has
them in charge. 80 it seems to me. I shall
be happy to be corrected if 1 am in error
about it, but it so seems to me, and therefore,
while 1 do favor the object of this bill Very
much, I think more time is necessary for its
consideration, and that is the reason, and not
hostility to the measure, why 1 wish to see it
laid over until the lirst Monday of December
next; and also because I believe that the very
fact of the pendency of this bill, of its having
passed one House, of its having received such
strouy support in the Senate, will encourage
the railroad companies and the cattle-traus-
portation companies to adopt a superior form
of car which will relieve us from the necessity
of any such lines and penalties at all.
Mr. FUliLlNUlIUYSEN. 1 will just say
a word in answer to the Senator from Ohio,
as he 'S a strong friend of the bill, which I do
not question. As to the difficulty which he
suggests, it does not occur to me at all. The
difficulty is as to a railroad company not hav-
ing the information as to how long cattle have
been confined in the cars, twenty-eight hours
when a train comes to the railroad in ques-
tion. The employes and conductors of those
trains go with the cattle and would give the
information, A way-bill goes with the cattle,
and at ouce, as soon as this bill is passed this
fact, would be 011 the way-bill. There is not
the slightest difficulty in the railroad company
making arrangements so as to know with un-
erring certainty just how long the cattle have
been in the cars. Besides that, if from cir-
cumstances they were deceived on the subject,
they would not be guilty, i think that is a
perfect answer.
Now, as to those ten million of cars: there
has not come to me an objection from a single
railroad company in reference to the passage
of this bill. The two Senators from Pennsyl-
vania,- who represent interests that are con-
cerned in the transportation of cattle will both
vote for it. The only objection which I think
frankness requires me to state, that I have
heard from any source in reference to this
bill, is this one: it is claimed by some large
dealers in stock that fat hogs ought not to be
unloaded as oftfen as once in twenty-eight
hours during the'months from November to
March. Those interested in stock have seen
ine, and that is the only objection that has
been made to this bill; and I replied to that
objection that the proviso to this bill provided
that if they have proper food and stop and
rest they need not be unloaded even as often
as Once in twenty-eight hours. That I think
meets that'objection. At all events I do not
propose any amendment to the bill in that
regard, because the difficulty will not arise till
November, at which time if there is any diffi-
culty it can'be relieved by legislation.1 There-
fore I think that we had better all vote' for
this bill as it is. The Setiator'frowi Ohio does
not question its constitutionality, does not
question that.it is in the interests of humanity
that the bill be adopted. The House have by
a large majoHty enacted it, and the public
interest calls for its passage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I will not detain the Senate more than a mo-
ment., but coming into the Chamber'my atten-
tion was attracted to this bill by the Remarks
of the Senator from California. Not by the
particular character of his remarks, I ought to
observe, but I was attracted t.o the subject,
and I am at once interested in the general
subject, of this bill. I do think, to make a
general observation without criticising the bill,
that it would be very healthy for the country
and for the morals of the country if some bill
of this character could be passed. There is
no question at all, in the opinion of people
who have been observant in this matter, that
great inhumanity is practiced toward animals
that are forwarded for a market; and in the
very nature of the case, from the'manner iu
which they are huddled togetherj especially in
cars arid steamboats, and by water-carriage,
that must be so. And when we know what
takes place on the great highways of com-
merce, I think it a very provident thing, and
one of' very high expediency, that the Govern-
ment of the United States should interpose
its authority, and at least in some way give an
admonition which shall teach men that even
dumb animals have rights which are not to be
violated.
The first thing that occurred to me on
glancing at the bill was to see- whether it
seemed' to be carefully drawn so as not to
overstep the bounds of the jurisdiction which
I think Congress may properly have over this
subject, and it seems to me to have been care-
fully drawn in that respect. My honorable
friend from Ohio and the Senator from Cali-
fornia would have detected, I am sure', tiny
violation of the provisions of the Constitution
in this regard if there had been any. It reads:
Thatno railroad company within the United States
whose roitd forms any part of a line of road over
which cattlo, sheep, swine, or other animals shall be
conveyed from one State to another.
Thereby confining itself, it will be seen, to
the power to regulate commerce among the
States; and so of water-carriage. I have
listened to the remarks made by both Sen-
ators in regard to the practical difficulty of
enforcing the subsequent provision of the bill,
which is the general feature of the bill, with-
out great embarrassment to the railroads. It
may be_ that the practical operation of this in
the beginning might subject the roads to some
embarrassment; still with that provident care
and solicitude which I think all parties are
bound to exercise who undertake to convey eat-
tlein this way, Icannotconceive that it would be
very onerous. Now,'cattleare taken at a point in
the great-West, no matter where, and they are
