1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3333
trol elections, he shall be punished, and in turn
if the officers shall deprive any man of the ex-
ercise of the elective franchise who is entitled
to it) they shall not escape the punishment of
the law." _
If Senators are anxious for fair elections, let
them say so by their votes on this amendment,
because if you vote down this amendment and
declare that these officials shall not be punished
ill case they interfere with the people's rights,
what will be the judgment of the country?
"Will it not itself be a declaration of what was
intended by the original act? Will it not be
itself a construction upon the original act, and
will it not say to the country that you are pro-
viding machinery here by which an interfer-
ence may be made with elections, and that
officers so interfering under color of law shall
not be punished?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire whether the Senator from Dela-
ware accepts the amendment proposed by the
Senator from California?
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall ask the Senator
from Delaware to pause a little before that. 1
think it requires some further amendment.
Mr. MORTON. As the amendment now
stands it provides that if these supervisors
shall knowingly and willingly prevent a man
from voting who is entitled to vote, he shall be
liable, I submit to the Senator that upon the
plainest and best-recognized principles of law,
that amendment in that form is wholly un-
necessary and superfluous.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then it will do no
harm, I say to the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. To say that a superfluous
law will do no harm does not make it proper
tu pass it. No man can defend himself in the
performance of an act under color of his office,
when that act was wrongful, if it was done
knowingly and willingly. I do not care whether
he is a sheriff or a marshal, a judge of elec-
tion or a supervisor under this bill, wherever
an officer performs an illegal act knowingly
and willfully he may be sued and treated as a
private person in all cases; he cannot justify
himself by pleading his office in such a case.
if one of these supervisors knowingly and
■willfully prevents a man from voting who is
entitled to vote, he is liable under the fourth
section of the act of 1870. If you intend to
make him liable anyhow, whether he does it
knowingly or willfully or not, then you can
have a new provision; but as the amendment
stands now, offered by the Senator from
Delaware, requiring that the act shall be done
knowingly and willfully, it certainly amounts
to nothing. What is the use of it? Even the
Governor of a State in the execution of his
office, if he does an illegal act knowingly and
willfully, cannot defend himself for a moment
under color of his authority. The President
of the United States cannot defend himself in
the performance of an illegal act, if it is done
knowingly and willfully, under color of his
authority; no officer in the country can, and
as the auiendmeEit now stands it is clearly
unnecessary.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to state that
on this bill I am paired with the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Johnston.] If he were here
he would vote against the bill and I should
vote for it.
Mr. THURMAN. I expressed the opinion
awhile ago that the fourth and fifth sections
of the original act were sufficient, to cover the
case contemplated by the Senator from Dela-
ware. I atn still of that opinion ; but there
ought not to be anv doubt on such a question ;
and the very fact that as good lawyers as the
Senator from Delaware and the Senator from
New Jersey are of a different opinion from
that which I expressed is a sufficient reason
with me for favoring the amendment offered
by the Senator trom Delaware. Every one will
admit that if anybody in the world deserves
punishment for unlawfully preventing a person
from voting, it is a person who does so under
color of authority, who misuses his authority
to oppress a person whom it is bis duty to
protect. A man appointed to protect people
in their rights, who uses his authority to de-
prive them of their rights, is, of all other per-
sons, the one. who most deserves to be pun-
ished.
I therefore sympathize entirely with the
object of this amendment, and as there
seems to be some doubt whether the original
act is sufficiently broad to cover the case, I
shall vote for the amendment. I understand
it will be modified as to the penalty so as to
make it conform to the fourth section of the
act of 1870.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is just enough
about the construction of this act to make it
entirely proper that we should clear up the
doubt. I take it that we must be all agreed
that where any person armed with such powers
as this act bestows uses them in bad faith, he
deserves to be punished severely. I have
looked at section four of the original act after
hearing the suggestion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania. The amendment which I pro-
pose is very mufih in the direction of his views.
It reads in this way . First of all, section four
begins. "If any person by force," &c. My
amendment is, or rather my substitute for the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware,
which I ask him to accept, is:
Sec.— . That the words "anv person," in section
four of the act of May 31, 1870, to which this is
amendatory, shall be held to include any olficer or
other person having powers or duties of an official
character under this act or the act to which this
act is amendatory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
mau in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Delaware accept this as a substitute?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now the yeas and nays
are ordered on the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This will
be substituted for the original amendment of
the Senator from Delaware, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am paired with the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Stjmner.]
If present he would have voted against this
amendment, and I should have voted for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 41, nays none ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Borcman,
Buckingham, Casserly, Chandler, Cooper, Uorbett,
Cragin, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry
of Connecticut, Perry of Michigan, Flanagan, l're-
linghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Kelly,Morton,
Norwood, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Ransom,
Rice, Saulsbury, Scott, Sprague, Stewart. Stockton,
Thurman, West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—41.
NAYS—0.
ABSENT —Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron. Carpenter, Clayton, Cole, Conk-
ling, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas, Hill, Howe, Johnston, hewis, Logan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn. Pat-
terson, Robertson. Sawyer, Seburz, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Stevenson, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, ana
Vickers—33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to say any-
thing more on this bill. I am opposed to it
for reasons I have already stated. 1 shall ask
for the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have an amendment
to offer—two additional sections.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
That it shall not be lawful for any civil, military,
or naval officer of the United States, or any other
person engaged in the civ.il, military, or naval ser-
vice of the United States, to order, bring, keep, or
have under his authority or control any troops or
armed men at the place where any general or special
election is held in any State of the United States ot
America, and that it shall not be lawful for any offi-
cer of the Army or Navy of the United States to
prescribe or fix, or attempt to prescribe or fix, by
proclamation, order, or otherwise, the qualiliea-
tions of voters in any State of the United States oi
America, or in any manner to interfere with the
freedom of any election in any State, or with the
exercise of the free right of suffrage in any State ol
the United States. Any officer of the Army or Navy
of ilie United States, or other person engaged in the
civil, miiiUiy, or naval service oi the United btates,
who violates this section, shall, for every faeh
offense, be liable to indictment as for a misde-
meanor in any court of the United States having
jurisdiction to hear, try, and determine cases of
misdemeanor; and on conviction thereof shall pay
a fine not exceeding $5,000, and suffer imprison-
ment in the penitentiary not less than three nor
more than five years, at the discretion of the court
trying the same. And any person convicted as
aforesaid shall moreover be disqualified from hold-
ing any office of honor, profit, or trust under the
Government of the United States. He shall also be
liable in a civil suit to the person injured in a pen-
alty of $500, which, with any damages accruing, may
be recovered in any circuit court having jurisdiction:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall pre-
vent any officer, soldier, sailor, or marine from exer-
cising the right of suffrage in any election distiict
to which he may belong if otherwise qualified ac-
cording to the laws of the State in which he shall
offer his vote.
Skc.— . That no officer or person in the military
or naval service of the United States shall order or
advise, or shall directly or indirectly by force, threat,
menace, or intimidation, or* otherwise, prevent or
attempt to prevent any qualified voter of any State
of the United States of America from or against
freely exercising tho right of suffrage according to
law at any general or special election in any State
of the United States, or shall in like manner compel
or attempt to compel any officer of an election in
any such State to receive a vote from a person not
legally qualified to vote, or shall impose or attempt
to impose any rules or regulations tor conducting
such election, either as to tho form of the ballots,
the mode of voting, or otherwise differ from tlioso
prescribed by law, or interfere in any manner with
any officer of said election in the discharge of his
duties. In ease of any violation of this section the
person offending shall be liable in all respects as
in the last precedmgseetion provided.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that entire amend-
ment will be rejected.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor if he
Mr. CASSERLY. I regret that the lead-
ing friends of the bill have determined to have
all amendments rejected merely because they
are amendments. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin awhile ago protested against an amend-
ment of the most obvious necessity, as it seemed
to me, because he did not know in what way
it might interfere with the original act. That
amendment dealt with a mere excrescence on
that act which had so little to do with it that
it not only could be cut out without impairing
the general scope of the act, but very much to
the benefit of the act. I fear that the same
policy is to be pursued throughout in regard
to the bill, that every amendment is to be op-
posed merely because it is an amendment.
On the very eve of a presidential election
which promises to be sufficiently exciting of
itself, it becomes us all as good citizens, and
it especially becomes us here, who are charged
with the duty of making laws, to avoid with
our best endeavors the bringing of any new
eleraentsof trouble or discord into the contest.
It seems to me that in such a point of view
as that, in which all must agree, at least
abstractly considered, it is very desirable
indeed that the bill with which we are now
dealing, and the bills to which it is amenda-
tory, ought to be pruned of. all features of
needless offense. A considerable part of
what I have sent up to the desk is copied
from statutes already in existence. I had a
special ideain offering the amendment because
of the recent most unjustifiable transactions
at the polls connected with the navy-yard in
California. Those transactions were of a char-
acter to bring the blush to the cheek of every
man who understands what free institutions
are, who comprehends what the freedom of
elections means, and who has a regard for the
dignity of American workmen.
Mr. President, at the last State election in
California unusual efforts were made by the
friends of the, Administration to carry the
State. So lar as those were legitimate and
within the reasonable limits of party action, I
have no cause of complaint, and i make ho
complaint; but what 1 desire t,o call the atten-
tion of the Senate to is the transactions of
certain officials at the navy-yard, both before
and at the election. I shall submit, sir, the
facts which are so notorious and so generally
admitted  
