1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. W EST. The withdrawal of that amount
was assented to by the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven
hundred and thirteen, to strike out the word
"Mink" and insert "Milk," so as to read
" the Indians at the Milk River agency."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
whether the clause found in lines seven hun-
dred_ and twenty-eight to seven hundred and
thirty-four is the same provision that was in-
serted in a previous Indian bill as the result of
some discussion in the'Senate? My colleague
will remember the discussion in the last Con-
gress which resulted in the adoption of a pro-
vision much more at large than this one.
Mr. COLE. I do not remember that we
have incorporated this provision in any bill at
this session.
Mr. CASSERLY. Not at this session, I
know, but at a previous session.
Mr. COLE. I thought my colleague was
referring to what occurred the other day.
Mr. CASSERLY. No.
Mr. COLE. I think such a provision was
adopted a year ago in substance.
Mr. CASSERLY. If it is the same pro-
vision in substance I am satisfied, because I
thought that it was the result of a good deal
of discussion then, and was very nearly right.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
will pardon me tor suggesting that, that law,
according to my memory, provides that no
person shall be' allowed any compensation
other than what may be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Interior. This would cut off all
compensation; but it is probable that this
applies to an appropriation of money due that
would require 110 services from an agent. I
did not hear the proviso read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not cut off all
compensation. It only allows the person who
receives the money to carry out his own con-
tracts with his own attorney ; it provides that
the attorney shall not step in between the per-
son for whom it is intended, to take the money
before he gets it. It is to make the attorney
look to his client. That is all.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear it
read again. .
The Chief Clerk read the proviso, as follows:
Provided, That no person shall receive any part of
the money appropriated by this act for any services
or pretended services asattorney, .counselor, or
agent, for any tribe, or Indian, or Indians, for whom
any part of these appropriations are made. Any
person violating this provision shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and snail be fined m double the
amount so received.
Mr. POMEROY. The meaning of this
seems to be clear enough. This not only cuts
off any attorney's fees for these Indians, but
for all Indians.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought to; let them get
it out of the Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. This provides that a man
cannot be paid for his services to any Indians.
Mr. EDMUNDS.. No; that the Govern-
ment shall not pay him.
Mr. COLE. Under this act.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is confined to this
tribe, I have no objection. I do not care any-
thing about it in any event, but it ought to be
confined to this particular tribe.
Ml- EDMUNDS. I do not think it ought
bv any means. The only thing is just, as m
the pension laws, where we give money to
xrnoiant and feeble people, to declare that no
rmwer of attorney shall authorize some white
man to go to the Treasury and take themoney
-ml then settle with the Indian bands. It pro-
vides that the Indian shall get the money. and
then settle with his white man. ihat is it,
a°Mr. ^ASSERLY.^' With the understanding
that this proviso applies to all appropriations
made for the benefit of the Indians in this act
I am in favor of it. My anxiety was lest this
proviso might not have been quite as broad and
as strong as a similar provision which we
adopted at a previous session of Congress.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think it is; but
this, I suppose, will not repeal the other law.
Mr. CASSERLY. I presume not, because
this refers only to the appropriations made by
this particular act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICFR. The reading
of the bill will continue.
Mr. CASSERLY. Before we leave the In-
dian part of this bill I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman to the provision as to the
Apache Indians, from line seven hundred and
three down to line seven hundred and six,
where the sum of $125,000 is appropriated
for them. In the general Indian bill there
was a provision in regard to the appropriation
for the Apaches that seemed to me entirely
right. It was, in substance, that the appro-
priation made should inure to the benefit only
of such Apaches as went upon the reserva-
tions and peacefully staid there. .
There may be some reason in the nature
of this bill, it being a deficiency bill, why a
similar provision should not be inserted here ;
but if there is no such reason, I think it ought
to be inserted. In other words, knowing what
we all know of the peculiar nature, of the
Apaches, and how much they differ^ in their
untamable wildness and turbulence from per-
haps any other tribe of Indians with whom we
have had to deal, it seems to me entirely right
as to them that there should be a provision
that any appropriation made for their benefit
shall operate only so far as they remain at
peace and abide quietly on their reservations.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that probably this
will not be expended unless upon Indians of
that peculiar character, those upon the reser-
vations, not upon those who are roaming
about. But if my colleague chooses to offer
an amendment of that sort, I do not .know
that the committee will have any particular
objection to it. I shall have none my sell.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should offer as an
amendment the same proviso that was in-
cluded in the Indian bill which we passed the
other day, to insert after the words Apache
Indians of Arizona and New Mexico," the
words "who shall be upon the reservations
and peacefully remain there."
Mr. HARLAN. I think that is a little too
stringent. It might be necessary to feed some
of them that were not 011 reservations. They
might be at a military post, near a fort, or
they might be 011 the way to a reservation, or
we might have no reservation on which to put
some of these bands. If the honorable Sen-
ator would modify it so as to prohibit payment
to any hostile Apaches, I would not object.
Mr. CASSERLY. It might be added, then,
after my amendment, "or who shall otherwise
observe peaceful relations with the United
States." . ,
Mr HARLAN. That will make it complete.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was iu line seven hundred and
fifty-two, in the clause making appropriations
to enable the commissioners for the revision
of the statutes of the United States to expe-
dite the work and furnish clerical and other
assistance, to strike out $9,000 and insert,
$3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Although not perhaps
strictly in order, 1 think we had better strike
out the clause allowing the appropriation for
the commissioners to run beyoDd the fiscal
year. We have now adopted the wise policy
of having no appropriation, scarcely, continue
beyond the regular year, so that we know
what is spent every year by the appropriation.
I am opposed to having even this little appro-
priation of $3,000 continue beyond the regu-
lar fiscal year. I move to strike out the pro-
viso in these words:
Provided, That this appropriation shall continue
available until the completion of tfie work.
The amendment was agreed to
The Chi£f Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line seven hundred and
sixty-eight, in the clause making an appropri-
ation to enable the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay the judgment entered by the circuit
court for the northern district of Florida, in
the case of Theodore T. Edgertou against
Jesse W. Cuipeper, deputy collector and in-
spector of customs, at Cedar Keys, to insert
the words " in his discretion '' after the words
" Secretary of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion two in the following words :
That the proper accounting officers be, and here-
by are, authorized and required, in the settlement
of all accounts lor the services of laborers, work-
men, and mechanics employed by or on behalf ot
the Government of the United States, between the
25th day of June, 1868, the date of the act constitut-
ing eight hours a day's work for all such laborers,
workmen, and mechanics, and the 19th day of May,
1869, the date of the proclamation of the President
concerning such pay, to settle and pay for the same,
without reduction on account of reduction of hours
of labor by said act, and a sufficient sum for said
purpose is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Provided,
That no part of the money hereby appropriated
shall be paid to any mechanics or laborers who have
already been paid for eight hours' labor four fifths
as much as the amount which was paid to like
laborers and mechanics for ten hours' labor.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
That there shall be paid to the polieemen^oilers,
and shop-tenders who were employed at the opring-
fie'd armory, in Massachusetts, on and after the 30th
day of July, 1868, the sums, respectively, by which
their wages were reduced by order of the War
Department under the eight-hour law, so called.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations are disposed of.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to offer anamend-
ment for the pupose of having it printed, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
printed and referred.
Mr. WILSON. Do I understand that the
amendment on the thirty-third page has been
agreed to?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been.
Mr. WILSON. I move a reconsideration of
that. 1 did not notice it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the question be put
again. .
Mr. WILSON. I ask that it be reserved.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask leave, by cousent
of the committee, on page 20, after line four
hundred and sixty-four, to insert an amend-
ment which I ask to have printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be printed.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to offer an amend-
ment of which I have spoken to the members
of the committee, and I think there will be no
objection to it there or elsewhere. .1 offer it
as conveniently as anywhere to come in on the
fourteenth page, after line three hundred and
eight. I will read it:
To nay the deficiency in the salary of the deputy
treasurer of the assay office in New York for the
eurrent year, -5.1,5UU.
I can state in one moment how this arises.
Under the law as it stands the salary is $3,000,
but under a general provision of law the Attor-
ney General has held that the Secretary of the
Treasury had a right to add $1,500, making
it $4,500. Under that understanding, and
