1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
question as to put the telegraphing of the coun-
try in such a condition that the Government
may advertise for terms upon which telegraphic
messages shall be sent throughout the land,
just as it advertises for terms upon which
messages shall be transmitted by mail. When
the telegraphing of the country is put in such
a condition that it shall not be under the con-
trol of a solitary corporation ; when there can
be competition in the bids presented for tele-
graphing, the man or the corporation who will
send telegraphic messages throughout the land
at the cheapest rates can have the business of
doing so. This I understand to be the general
purpose of the proposition of Mr. Hubbard,
which ray friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
in his able speech, has incidentally contro-
verted. I do not see my way quite clear to
approve all the details of Mr. Hubbard's plan,
but I do see in that plan the dawn of some
relief from the existing condition of things,
which to me seems worse, if possible, than
that which the gentleman from Kentucky ap-
prehends may result from the administration
by the Postmaster General of the telegraphic
system of the country.
Out of the idea of Mr. Hubbard there can
be elaborated it seems to me some such prop-
osition as will introduce competition into the
telegraphing of the country; and when that
competition exists the Government may so
far take cognizance of the plan of sending
messages by telegraph as it does of the carry-
ing of communications by mail. In other
words, the Government may advertise for
parties who will send messages most cheaply ;
and these messages will be carried under the
supervision of the Government just as mes-
sages by mail are now carried.
I wish to repel the intimation which the
gentleman from Kentucky has made, that Mr.
Hubbard is here struggling to make a private
fortune, or to relieve himself and these con-
nected with him from the embarrassment which
has fallen upon insolvent corporations that
have been struggling for an existence these
many years .against this giant corporation—
a corporation well administered, I admit, up
to this time, and likely to be so long as it may
be under the control of its present head. 1
do not understand Mr. Hubbard to be here
with any such end as the gentleman from
Kentucky has intimated, but simply to be
possessed of this idea to which 1 have imper-
fectly alluded, and endeavoring to elaborate
and work it out to such a form that he and
those associated with him may be able to offer
a feasible plan by which, when perfected, the
sending of telegraphic communications in this
country shall be open to competition regulated
by law to the same extent and no further than
the transmission of mail matter is now regu
lated by law in this country. Thereby pro-
tection will be afforded to those who use the
telegraph against all attempts that it is pos-
sible for one man, however well disposed, to
make toward using the telegraph either as
a political engine or as an engine in the man-
agement of material pursuits, in amassing
wealth by influencing the stock markets of the
country and the world, or carrying on, upon
the flood of a momentary excitement, any
other scheme to which the exigencies of the
country may give scope, and which the pas-
sions and purpose* of men are liable at any
time to suggest.
Mr. Speaker. I was intensely interested in
the remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky ,
as I have been in everything that he has sub-
mitted to the House upon these great ques-
tions, I did notrise to militate one iota against
those considerations which he has suggested
in reference to this scheme, except so far as
he has found it necessary, X am sorry to say,
to reflect upon the integrity of officials who
have presented this plan. My purpose was
merely to beg of him and those who may be
attracted by the considerations which he has
urged, to look upon the other side of the pic-
ture and see whether all that is left to us is
the alternative of settling down in the confi-
dence we have in the integrity and honor
of the officials of an existing corporation, or
whether it may not be possible to elaborate
some such plan as that of Mr. Hubbard, or
something akin to it.
Mr. BECK. If I did in my remarks reflect
on Mr. Hubbard, I retract any such reflection.
I intended to speak of him as an attorney,
advocating the claims of other parties ; not as
one of them, but merely an able, honest, earn-
est attorney.
Mr. DAWES. So I understood him to try
to separate the gentleman's personal character
from his official relations. If he is attorney
for any corporation that is insolvent, why is it
insolvent?
Mr. BECK. Because it has been swallowed
up, I am sorry to say, by that mammoth cor-
poration, the Western Union Telegraph Com-
pany, which, by underbidding, has entirely
driven it out of the field.
Mr. DAWES. In whose arms, like Samson
of old in those of Delilah, my friend lies down
content.
Mr. BECK. I wish to say that 1 have no
more desire to be the advocate of the Western
Union Telegraph Company, nor of the Penn-
sylvania Central Railroad Company, nor of
any other overshadowing corporation, than the
gentleman has, because 1 think we are going
to become, if we are not now, one of the worst
corporation-ridden people upon the face of the
earth, and I can only regret that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, after complaining of
my failure to do so, did not indicate anymore
fully and clearly than myself some remedy for
the growing evil. 1 am less afraid of these
big corporations, however, than I am of this
gigantic corporation, the Government of the
United States.
The SPEA 1CE11 pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Kentucky has still twenty-five min-
utes of his time lett..
Mr. BECK. I will yield to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Wells.]
TERRITORY OF OKLAlfAMA.
Mr. WELLS. I am obliged to my friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] for his kindness
in yielding to me.
Mr. Speaker, the bill providing for the
organization of the Territory of Oklahama,
oflered by me and referred to the Committee on
Territories, is not only of importance as directly
affecting the interests of the lour States—Mis-
souri, Kansas, Arkansas, and Texas—which
form a large portion of its boundaries, but it
is a proposition of deep interest to the people
of the Mississippi valley as affecting the great
lines ofinternal intercourse, and to the people
of the whole country as proposing the only
possible solution of a vexed problem, the
ultimate disposal of which cannot be much
longer delayed.
1 will not engage the attention of the House
to discuss the mere legal doubts which have
always been raised whenever an attempt has
been made to legislate in relation to the In-
dian treaties. It is possible that by a strict
interpretation of phrases those treaties have
created, or rather have sought to create, cer-
tain distinct nationalities, and have sought to
recognize in certain Indian tribes an inherent
right, to and ownership in common of a portion
of the soil of the country, a possession from
which they may not be diverted without the
commitment of an assured legal force, arbi-
trary and therefore repugnant to the terms of
the treaties. This possession, however, does
not in any material respect differ from that by
which the aborigines at one time held the land
upon which this Capitol stands; and to admit
that these treaties are beyond the power of
Congress to amend, change, or set aside, is to
create a new lien upon all property in the
country, and to assert that a nation or nations
with distinct customs, rights, and privileges
can exist within our own nation, deriving their
life and support from this Government, and
yet form no part of it; nor, even if the theory be
carried to its legitimate conclusion, be at all
subject to its interna! police laws, save when
that police is administered as a right of war.
From such an anomalous position a nation
must recede, even at the expense of violating
the letter of treaties—if compacts with subjects
can be called treaties—or it must surrender
the principle of inherent sovereignty upon
which its own existence depends.
In the consideration of these Indian tieaties,
therefore, I prefer to be governed rather by the
spirit than the letter thereof, and to rather rec-
ognize the Indian as a possible citizen, than as a
child-like ward or an implacable enemy. In
so far, too, I believe that, despite the nominal
maintenance of the treaties by the Indian
department, this position has been assumed by
the United States courts in adjudging guilty of
misdemeanor those who have violated the
internal revenue laws upon this reserved land
of the Indian, even when such violation has
been tacitly, at least, approved by the tribes
or nations which claim exclusive ownership of
and jurisdiction over the land and the people
residing thereon. Certainly where the tax-
gatherer and informer may go in violation of
treaties, we may proceed in the extending of
more noble attributes of civilization.
Sir, a glance at the map will show tho error
of those who, in the removal of the Cherokees,
Choetaws, and other tribes from the east to
the west side of the Mississippi, deemed that
in locating them anew west of the Arkansas
and Missouri State lines they had placed them
beyond the march of civilization, and in a re-
gion which could be closed against intrusion
by lines of commerce and national intercom-
munication. The Indian possession of the
State of New York would be no greater bar-
rier to commerce and communication between
the people of New England and those of Ohio,
Indiana, Kentucky, and Illinois, than the ex-
clusive possession by that race of the Indian
territory as common and undivisible prop-
erty does between the people of Texas and
New Mexico and those of Missouri, Kansas,
Nebraska, Iowa, Minnesota, Wisconsin, and
Illinois. The closing of the State of New York
by such possession, and the sundering ot the
water communication between the great lakes
and the Atlantic, would be scarcely a greater
calamity to the commerce of the tfiuon than
will be the irrevocable setling aside of a large
tf-rri'ory of fertile country in the wry cemer
of tho western portion of the Mississippi valley,
and creating an impassable barrier between
the grain-producing regions of the Northwest
and the cotton and sugar-producing lands of
the Gulf regions, between the wool product of
the extreme West and the manufacturers of the
East, preventing the completion of a midland
route to the Pacific, and delaying for scores of
years the settlement ot Arizona and NewMex-
ico, and the development, of the varied miueial
resources of these vast Territories. Not only
so, but should the project, which seems to find
lavor in some quarters, to extend those reserva-
tions and gather thereon other tribes of Indians,
including the warlike Comanche.-*, Arapahoes,
&e., be carried into effect, the States which now
form the boundaries of this proposed new Ter-
ritory would forever remain border States. In
that event neither Missouri, Texas, Arkansas,
nor Kansas, could hope to develope the bor-
der portion of their domain ; their inhabitants
would never be free from apprehension of an
Indian war; the personal property of their citi-
zens would never be free from the depredation
of predatory strife, for where you by law ex-
clude civilization you cannot cultivate moral
responsibility; and, lacking the facilities for
cheaply transporting the product of their fields
to the markets most requiring them, cultiva-
tion would be neglec'ed, and a portion of the
country the richest and fairest, as it is the
most central of all its domain, would be
