1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
tion as a conflict between different individuals
Tinder the general land laws of the United
States as to specific lands. That is the way
in which I view ii.
Without arguing the question, as the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] will
have the right to make a minority report, I
am perfectly willing to take the decision of the
Chair upon the point, so that the right of the
committee to report the proposition either as
private or public business will be secured.
That is all 1 desire.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to submit a single further observation. The
point taken by the minority of the committee
was that this land did not belong to either rail-
road company, but did belong to the United
States; that the grants to the companies had
lapsed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham} and
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] that they do not seem to be arguing a
parliamentary point. As the Chair under-
stands, the question submitted is a parlia-
mentary one, whether on a call for reports of
a private nature from the Committee on the
Judiciary this report may properly be made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
the point.
The SPEAKER. The constant ruling of
the House, and in the judgment of the Chair
a very proper ruling, is that bills granting
public lands are, in all respects, public bills.
They interest everybody, and aro therefore
public in their nature and must be treated as
public bills. The Chair understands that the
matter referred to the Judiciary Committee
was a difference or dispute arising between
two corporations which were beneficiaries of
a public land grant, and that (he dispute arose
with reference to the construction of those
land grants.
Mr. B'ARNS WOllTH. Another point sub-
mitted was that neither of these corporations
owned this land, but it belonged to the Gov-
ernment, so that the United States is a party.
The SPEAKER. Without waiving- that
point, which is in thcimture of argument rather
than a parliamentary question, the Chair has
no hesitation in saying that all reports based
upon or disputes growing out of public acts
must in their nature be regarded as public, and
cannot be received on private bill days unless by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. That leaves us to make
report on public bill days. That satisfies me.
mils. frances a. m'kinney.
Mr. ELDREDGE, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1866)
for the relief of Mrs. Frances A. McKinney ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
shall be paid-, out of any appropriation hereto-
fore or hereafter to be made .for the payment
of salaries and expenses of judges and courts
of the United States, to Mrs. Frances A. Mc-
Kinney, widow and relict of John W. McKin-
ney, late judge of the United States district
court for the soJWicrn district of Florida, who
died of yellow fever, October 13, 1871, con-
tracted in the discharge of his official duties,
the full amount of one year's salary ofthe office
held by her husband at the time of his death.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Mr. Speaker, this is a
bill unanimously recommended by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and is eminently a
just and proper bill, as we thought, in view of
the facts of the case as set forth in the memo-
rial, which are these: Judge McKinney was
appointed judge of the southern district of the :
State of Florida in December, 1870. He was
confirmed soon afterward, and went to hold
the first regular term of the court at Key
West. After that term was over he returned
home, and intended to remain there during
the unhealthy yellow fever season. Soon
after, or about the time he left, an immense 1
storm occurred upon that coast wrecking
a large number of vessels. He was tele-
graphed to return and hold court in order
to settle the maritime questions arising out
of the destruction of vessels. He held that
court, dispatched that business, and started on
his return home. On the vessel the yellow
fever was developed in him, and he died in
quarantine in New York city, October 13,1871.
He leaves a widow and four orphan children
in almost utter destitution, having no property
to support them, and the widow asks one
year's salary be paid her as some compen-
sation for the services her husband rendered,
and the risk he took in holding this court in
that dangerous season.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELDREDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james t. johnston.
Mr. ELDREDGE also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back House joint resolution
No. 88, for the relief of James T. Johnston,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The joint resolution, which was read, em-
powers and directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, out of any money not otherwise appropri-
ated by law, to pay to James T. Johnston, of
Alexandria, Virginia, without interest, the
proceeds of the sale for taxes due to the Uni-
ted States of lot No. 163, on Prince street,
Alexandria, Virginia, loss all taxes, costs, and
legal charges; said sale having been made by
the lax commissioners of the United States
under the laws'for the collection of direct
taxes.
Mr. HOAR. I raise the point of order that
this makes an appropriation, and should have
its first consideration in Committee of Whole.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I feel assured that the
gentleman will not insist on the point of order
when he knows what the facts ofthe case are.
When I have stated them very briefly I think
he will admit that the bill is a very just one.
I was about to suggest that it be amended, so
as to make it a bill instead of a joint resolu-
tion. This bill was recommended by the Judi-
ciary Committee of the last Congress unan-
imously. it passed the House, I believe, and
failed for want of consideration in the Senate.
The members of the Judiciary Committee have
all examined the questions involved in this case
and have united in the same report as was
agreed upon by the committee of last Con-
gress. The lact-s are briefly these. This old
gentleman, James T. Johnston, a clergyman of
the Episcopal church, is now over seventy years
of age. He was patriotic during the entire
war, and argued in favor of the Union and in-
sisted upon its indissolubility. He was forced
by his poverty to leave Alexandria just before
that city was taken possession of by the Union
troops. He went to South Carolina,.and from
there he made repeated applications to be per-
mitted to come back within the Union lines,
but he failed for a variety of reasons and cir-
cumstances in being allowed to return. While
he was gone his property, his house and lot,
his homestead, was sold for $43 60 taxes.
Mr. HOAR. I will withdraw the point of
order if the gentleman will dispense with mak-
ing the balance of his statement.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I am glad I have satis-
fied the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hoab,] but I am,asked to state the case by
some gentlemen near me. I had nearly con-
cluded the statement. His property, as I have
said, was sold for $43 60 taxes, and the money
covered into the Treasury. There was a pro-
vision for the redemption of the property and
he offered to pay the taxes aud costs, but the
time for the redemption had expired, and the
officers did not feel authorized under the law
to receive the money and restore to him what
had been paid in excess of taxes. He now
asks to have paid to him the money which was
paid into the Treasury for the property sold,
less the taxes, costs, and expenses. That is
the whole case.
The joint resolution having been changed to
abill (H. R. No. 1867) for the relief of James
T. Johnston, was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; aud being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELDREDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bil! was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion waa agreed to.
benjamin s. brooks et al.
Mr. MERCUR reported back from the
Committee on the Judiciary the bill (H. R.
No. 369) for the relief of Benjamin S. Brooks
and others, in relation to the island Yerba
Buena, in the bay of San Francisco, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and
that it be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
eli as c. boudinot.
Mr. VOORHEES, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1868) for the
relief of Elias C. Boudinot, a Cherokee Indian;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
civil proceedings now pending in the name of
the United States against the property claimed
by Elias C. Boudinot, for an alleged violation
of internal revenue laws, be discontinued and
dismissed; and that the propert}' seized and
taken from him, and the gross proceeds of the
sale of any such property on account of
alleged violations of said laws, be returned
and restored to him by the proper officers of
the Government.
Mr. VOORHEES. I would be very glad
to have the concurrence of the House in this
bill without any explanation on my part. I
dislike very much to take up the time of the
House, but it may perhaps be as well to make
a brief statement of the facts and points in-
volved. It is a measure which has been care-
fully considered by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and has the support of every member.
The trouble that is here sought to be remedied
grew out of the conflict between a treaty of
the United States with the Cherokee nation
and an act of Congress.
By the treaty with the Cherokees of 1866
they were exempted from taxation on all arti-
cles manufactured and sold in their country.
The tenth article of that treaty reads as follows:
"Every Cherokee and freed person resident in the
Cherokee nation shall have the right to sell any
products of his farm, including his or her live stock,
or any merchandise or manufactured products, and
to shin and drive the same to market without any
restraint, paying any tax thereon which is now or
may be levied by the United States on the quantity
sold outside the Indian territory."
It was not then claimed that under that
treaty there was any tax imposed upon any
article manufactured and sold in that Indian
territory. Relying upon and acting under
this provision, Mr. Boudinot established a
tobacco manufactory in the Cherokee territory,
and manufactured and sold tobacco there.
The report of the Committee on the Judiciary,
which 1 hold in my hand, explicitly states, as
do also the various decisions of the courts
in regard to this matter, that there is no pre-
tense that Mi-. Boudinot ever sold a pound of
tobacco outside of the Indian territory with-
out paying the tax upon it. He proceeded in
his business of manufacturing tobacco, with-
