3384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. SPENCER. I understand that the
Senator from California will speak some time;
it is Saturday evening, and I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Alabama moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have my amend-
ment printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made, if there be no objection.^
Mr. MORTON. I hope the motion will
not be agreed to. Let us finish this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 20.
Mr. SPRAGUE. "I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, l)avis of West Virginia, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, (loldthw.iitc, Hamilton of Maryland, Kelly,
Logan, Norwood, Ransom, Saulsbury, Spencer.
Spranuo, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman,
Tipton, and West—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckinffham,
Cole, Corbet,t, Cvagm, Edmunds, Forvy of Michigan,
Flanagan, FrclinKhuysen, Hamlin, llarlau, Hitch-
cock, lCelioffK, Morton, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey, ltico,
Siuvyor. Scott, Sherman. Wilson, Wimloin, and
Wviuht—25.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow. Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling,
l)avis of Kentucky, Kenton, (iilbert, Hamilton ot
Texas, Hill, llowo, Johnston, Lewis, Mori ill of
Maine, Morrill of Vormont, Nye, Patterson, Pomo-
roy, Pool. Robertson, Soliur/.. Sumner, Trumbull,
and Viekers—27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I feel
somewhat embarrassed in my present, position.
I regret very much to keep Senators waiting;
I trust Senators will understand that 
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 suppose the Senate
does not desire to compel the Senator from
California to go on to-night. I therefore move
in deference to him, and according to the
courtesy of the Senate, that we adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator to
withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly, if I do not
lose the right to make it again.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to slate the rea-
son why 1 voted against an executive session.
I would not, force a Senator to make a speech
of any length at this hour on Saturday night,;
but I knew very well that the Senator's amend-
ment could just, as well be moved to other
bills that will lie pending and that we all
know will come up.
This hill, which has been debated a day or
two, seems a simple mailer. I thought the
amendment would come in just as well and
more appropriately on another bill when the
Senate would be less fatigued.
I submit that to the Senator's own good
judgment. It is a matter for him to decide.
There does not seem to be much opposition
to this bill. It is a plain, simple proposition.
Rut the amendment lie now oilers, in regard to
the employment of the military at the polls, 1
think can come up very properly on another
bill which will probably bo considered next
week, when the Senator will have ample time
to address the Senate when it is less fatigued
than now. I appeal to Senators whether we
ought, not to conclude this bill, that is com-
paratively unimportant, after two days' de-
bate. 1 do not mean any discourtesy to the
Seuator from California, but he will have
another opportunity to discuss this question
before long.
Mr. CASSERLY. I feel the force of much
of what the Senator from Ohio has said. It
occurred to me awhile ago, and I so expressed
myself iu conversation, that I bad no strong
wish to offer my amendment to this bill except
that it seemed to be the proper place to offer
it. I said also that I was perfectly willing to
defer offering the amendment and say what I
had to say upon it when the bill which it is
understood will be shortly before the Senate
comes up, which is an amendment I think to
the law known as the Ku ivlux act; but the
difficulty about that is that probably my
amendment might be successfully objected to
as not being germane there, or upon some
other ground. I do not know what the extent
of that objection is in the Senate ; in the
tr „ A . ,.  I u.i: 
House of Representatives I believe it is fatal.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There will be
to offering it.
no objection
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. My colleague suggests that the Seu-
ator from California offer his proposition as
an amendment to the Ku Klux bill, as I un-
derstand. That assumes that that bill will
pass the Senate—a very violent presumption
I think, and one that ought not to be indulged
iu for a moment. Here is a bill that will pass
the Senate, as we ail know; and here is an
amendment proposed that is perfectly germane
to that bill, and if put on the bill it will be-
come a part of the law, and I hone my friend
from California will not be seduced into hitch-
ing his car to a train that will never have steam
to run through.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my colleague if he
is quite so sure that this amendment will be
adopted as an amendment to this bill? If a
large majority of the Senate are so decidedly
in favor of the pending bill, to which there
seems to be no objection, are they likely to
load down that matter to which nobody ob-
jects with extraneous matter which has no
pertinence to the subject-matter of the bill?
I doubt in the first place whether the Senator
from California, after debate, will get his
amendment on this bill. I certainly cannot,
vote for any amendment that has no more
pertinence to this bill than a proposition about
the employment of the military forces; but
as to the passage of the Ku Klux bill, that is a
matter to be tried next week.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California, is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I do not
wish to occupy any time in this preliminary
matter of explanations; but I certainly should
greatly prefer not, to go on this evening. If
my amendment shall be printed by Monday,
or whether it, is or not, I can have it then iu
such a shape as may remove some objections
to it on the part of the majority. I think
when the Senate understand as I do what took
place under the apparent sanction of this Gov-
ernment at the polls at Vallejo, which is the
poll for Mare Island, where the navy-yard is
in California, they will all agree with me; I
shall not put any qualification. It was such
an outrage on the franchise and on the free
dom and dignity of laboring men that what
ever legislation is necessary to prevent the
recurrence of it ought to be had. I do not
believe there is one decent man in the Senate
or out of it, who, if he knew the facts eon
nocted with that outrage, would differ from
me as to the absolute necessity of the speediest
remedy. Now, my amendment may not be
just the right remedy ; but that some remedy
is due to the American name and the charac-
ter of the Government to prevent the recur-
rence of what took place there, there can be
no doubt. You are legislating a great deal
here for the protection of the colored people
of the South; a great deal has been said about
intimidation in the South directed against that
class of people. If one half of the iniquity
charged and generally believed, and I think
substantially known to have taken place at the
poll where the votes from Mare Island were
cast, had been committed at a poll in the
South, there would be one general feeling of
indignation in this Senate, and it would be a
justifiable indignation.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator yield to his colleague?
Mr. CASSERLY. My colleague will pardon
me. I state that as my apology to the Senate
for presenting this amendment at this late hour
and desiring to say something in reference to
it; of course it will have to be at some length,
and I repeat I feel the embarrassment of my
position very much, because I know that I
appear to keep the Senate here at a late hour
in further discussion upon this bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. After what has passed
from the Senator from California, as he desires
to address the Senate on this subject which he
has considered, I think it is a fair presump-
tion that the Senate might be enlightened and
might be induced to change its vote. It is a
courtesy rarely refused. I therefore move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion for a moment only?
Mr. STEVENSON. I have withdrawn it
and lost my place to move it again. If the
Senator will renew the motion to adjourn, I
will withdraw it again.
Mr. COLE. I will give place immediately
to the Senator from Kentucky to renew the
motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will you renew it?
Mr. COLE. I do not think I ought to be
required to do it, but I will yield to somebody
who will.
Mr. STEVENSON. Very well.
Mr. COLE. I am not certain that I know
what my colleague refers to in speaking of
proceedings at the polls near Mare Island, in
California. I know this, however, that I have
heard of no complaint on account of anything
pertaining to or connected with the elections
there. I think he probably may be laboring
under some delusion in regard to the election
at that place. I think I should have heard of
some complaint if there had been any cause
of complaint; and yet I am very certain I
have heard no complaint from any single per-
son in regard to anything that has taken place
there at the last or any preceding election.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. Before the motion to ad-
journ is put I wish to ask unanimous consent.
["Agreed 1"] I ask unanimous consent
that the vote shall be taken on this bill and
amendments at two o'clock on Monday. Is
there any objection to that?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I see no
objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the agreement will be made that
the vote be taken on the bill and pending
amendments, and amendments which may be
offered, at two o'clock on Monday without de-
bate after that hour. There appears to be no
objection.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to have one under-
standing about this: that no amendments
are to be offered after two o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the usual
understanding.
Mr. THURMAN. Because they might
amend this bill by sticking something entirely
new on it after we had agreed to vote.
Mr. BOREMAN. I suggest that any mem-
ber offering an amendment shall have five
minutes to speak on it.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us have it under-
stood that no amendments are to be offered
after two o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. Theusualrule is thatas
to new amendments there maybe five-minutes
debate, , Is that the understanding?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia suggested, as an addition to the
proposition of the Senator from Indiana, that
in regard to amendments offered after two
o'clock the five-minute rules should apply.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest for the consid-
eration of the Senate another rule that I think
