4230
THE CONGKESSIOFAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Gonklisg's Treatise, a distinguished authority
on this subject, says:
** WltH the exception of the power given to Con-
gress 'to provide for the punishment of counter-
feiting the securities and current coin of the United
States/ and ' to declare the puuislimeut of treason,'
there Is not, in the Constitution, either among the
enumerated powers of Congress, or in the section
defining the judicial powers, any authority expressly
conferred to inflict punishment for crimes."
And yet this billia inflicting punishment for
crime ; it is a penal statute. Let me read a
lines further from the same authority;
" But with respect to the nature and extent of the
crimmalpurisdietion vested in the national courts,
widely different opinions prevailed at the outset,
which were maintained with seal and tenacity. On
the one hand it was contended that this jurisdiction
oocaproheiideda.il common-law offenses agai.nst the
United States, and especially all offenses cognizable
by the maritime law in a court of admiralty; and
on the other hand it was insisted that this jurisdic-
tion extended only to those offenses which had been
defined and made punishable by act of Congress.
"After repeated and very animated discussions in
the circuit courts, resulting in conflicting decisions,
the subject was, for the first time, brought under tho
consideration of the Supreme Court, in the case of
3Cbe United States vd. Hudson and Goodwin. Upon
the trial of an indictment against the defendants in
tbe circuit court for the district of Connecticut, for
a libel upon the President, the judges disagreed in
opinion upon the question of jurisdiction, and this
question was certilied to tho Supreme Court for its
aooision. The not charged against the defendants
was an offense at common law, and being directed
against the Chief Magistrate of the nation, it was
contended that it was an offense against, tho United
States, and as such cognizable in a national court.
Bat,, on the other hand, Congress had not seen lit to
enumerate this among the numerous offenses speci-
fied in the crimoa act of April 30, 17W, chapter nino;
and on this ground n majority of the judges huld it
not to bo within the jurisdiction of tho circuit court,
'jpho noxt case was Tho United States v . Coolridge,
in which the mdiotuumt was lor a forcible rescue of
a prize captured by an American cruiser. This was
an offenso under the maritime law, and therefore of
admiralty jurisdiction ; iimi inasmuch as tho United
States had, by the Constitution, been invested with
the entire admiralty jurisdiction it was supposed
the ease might, on this ground, bo distinguishable
from that px Hudson and Goodwin—tho soundness
of the dooumui of which was, moreover, denied.
"But the majority ol tho court being of opinion
that the case before thorn was not distinguishable
from that, contented themselves with merely de-
claring their adhoranco to their former decision,
limiting the criminal jurisdiction of tho national
courts, without exception, to statute oileuses. In
ftoeofUanco with this rule, it was held in the ease of
Tho United fStatos Bevans, that thecircuU court
for the district of Massachusetts could not takooog-
nijianee of the crime of murder committed on hoard
 n American ship-ot'-war in Boston harbor, because
the eighthM-ction of theaot of IV'.'U, by which alone
any provision had been made for the punishment of
f.hiB crime ooimnifct cd on ship-board, speaks only of
oilonscs committed 'upon tho high ions, or in any
rivur, harbor, or bay out of tho jurisdiction oi any
particular State.
How, Mr. President, my point h that the
construction which in given to the Constitution
by aJI the acts of Congrebn, and by the decisions
on those aeU of CongreHg by the Supreme
Court, in my humble opinion makes it impos-
sible for the Congress of the United States
to make a penal offense of an assault and
battery committed in the city of Trenton,
within the county of Mercer, and so obliged to
be laid in the indictment; in other words, the
penal jurisdiction of any iState, of every county
extends not beyond its territorial jurisdiction.
Mr. CONKING. Will my friend allow mo
to ask him a question ?
Mr. STOCKTON. Certainly,
Mr. C0NKL1NG*. I« not the power to
punish penalty oflVnben committed against the
I'ost Uiiiee and its service derived from that
provision iu the Constitution which confers
upon Congress the authority to establish and
maintain pust office# and post roads?
Mr. SiOCKTON. I have no doubt that is
so ; and 1 have no doubt tho next question
will be, what is the power granted, and to
what does it extend where it is provided that
Congress shall have power to regulute com-
merce between the States.
Mr. CONKLING. No; if my honorable
friend will pardon me, if I were to bo indulged
in another question it would be this: is not
the power to punish counterfeiting the coin of
the Government derived from and drawn after
the power to com money?
Mr. THURMAN. There is an express power
to punish counterfeiting.
Mr. CONKLING. I know there is an ex-
press power, and I am calling attention to that.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have almost concluded
what I had to say. I will finish the few remarks
I was making. I will say in answer to the
Senator from New York that I know perfectly
well that on this power in the Constitution given
to Congress to regulate commerce between
the States the Senator from New York, my col-
league from New Jersey, and myself, agreeing
perhaps on some points and disagreeing on
others, could argue the question even until
the last hours of this Congress; but I did not
rise with the slightest intention of raising that
question. Both of those Senators have thought
this matter over carefully, they are both good
lawyers, and they have made up their own
minds whether it is embraced in that clause
or not. I have never been able to see any-
thing in that clause that would sanction an
attempt to control tho municipal regulations
of the State in reference to its penal laws, or to
make the marshals of the United States con-
stables to enforce penal laws within the borders
of a State.
As was suggested by some gentlemen at my
aide, the power referred to by the Senator
from New York "to provide for the punish-
ment of counterfeiting the securities and cur-
rent coin of the United States" is express.
Mr. CONKLING. But that does not apply
to post otlioes. There is the distinction. It
does happen in reference to one of these mat-
ters, if the Senator will pardon me, there are
added the words " to provide for" the punish-
ment of tho counterfeiting the securities and
current coin ofthe United .States. Then follows,
"to establish post offices and post roads," and
although there is not there a similar provision
in tho Constitution following after it, the
courts have always held that. Webster's crimes
act, for example, and all tho other acts pro-
nouncing post oflice offenses were within the
power of Congress.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have no doubt that
that power is contained in the Constitution ;
and yet that power, like many others, has
been threatened to be very much abused, and
the distinction lost, except that some poor
humble friend of the Constitution like myself
occupying a position here sometimes calls at-
tention to it. Under the power to establish
post ollices and post roads, it has been pro-
posed here—not at this session, but at former
sessions—to liuike roads for private specula-
tion all over this country, and to put money in
the pockets of certain men, not to carry out
the just wants of tho people, not to make post-
age cheaper. So, under the military power,
when during the war it became necessary,
Congress, under the maxim salus populi m-
prema lex, seized on all the railroads and in-
terfered with their management and running.
It was suggested that they had the right to
make roads from this national capital all over
the land, not only in time of war, but in time
of peace. They had a right to do it if it was
a war measure; they had a right to make a
road if it was a post road ; but they hud no
right to deceive the people and pretend that
that was done as a war measure which was
really intended for a private speculation. 1
only mention that to illustrate that in my hum-
ble judgment 111 the construction of these
clauses of the Constitution the great thing is
to draw clear and definite lines as to the
necessity of the application of them.
I know, sir, that 1 differ with other Senators
on this question. We differ as gentlemen
whose views on many political subjects are
different must differ. 1 know I differ from
those Senators in reference to many things. I
differ with them in the construction ot the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments, and I
differ with them with relerence to the con-
struction of many clauses of the Constitution.
Our educations have been different. They
may be right and I may be wrong. If the
voice of the voters in this Senate is. appealed
to, I doubt not I shall be adjudged wrong. As
far as this little bill is concerned, and the
animals that are to be protected by it, I really
hope I may be wrong.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, this is
a measure in which I feel a very decided inter-
est ; but different reasons prompt me to do
so. In the first place, the State I have the
honor in part to represent is very largely inter-
ested in raising cattle, both horses and beeves.
We have eight or ten million cattle in our
State and untold thousands of horses upon the
prairies. There are, I am gratified to know,
different railroads and* companies building
roads from your State, sir, [Mr. Pomeroy in
the chair,] down to ours, and the great argu-
ment is that they will be profitable in the
transportation of stock. You may take up
the New York Tribune, the Times, or the
Herald, or any of these papers that give the
facts pertaining to the commerce of the day,
and you will find large numbers of Texan cat-
tle given in the quotations as distinctly and
readily as those from Ohio, Kentucky, Vir-
ginia, or Indiana. Thousands of them are
going there, and they have been taken there
now for the last two or three years. A new
trade is inaugurated, and they are looking
forward to a lucrative trade in the transporta-
tion of stock from my State to New York and
other States. Humanity requires in this trans-
portation the condition of these cattle should
be looked to. This is a wholesome bill, as I
conceive, in every sense of the word. I think
myself it is well guarded.
But we are admonished, and that is nothing
new in this Chamber, that it is questionable as
to its constitutionality. How far is it question-
able? It is clear, I think, that the Congress
of the United States has the power to regulate
commerce. It is unnecessary that I should
attempt on this occasion to argire that branch
of the subject. It is sufficient to say that
there are good lawyers on the one and the
other side. There is a good lawyer who is
opposing its constitutionality, the distinguished
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton.]
We have another Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Fuelinghuysen,] and with the Senator
from New York [Mr. Conkung] thrown in,
if you please, on the other side, and it seems
to be an open question. With me it is not.
But adinitthat it is. It being an open question
I am properly placed; I am situated as I have
always been upon constitutional scruples and
questions. I have never been one of those
who look strictly and literally at the Constitu-
tion. I believe it to be the greatest instru-
ment and the most sacred, after the Bible itself,
that has been written by man, but I look at
it liberally. I look to its spirit and intention,
and when difficulties are presented I look to
the side of mercy, and there I locate and find
no constitutional objection. Therefore I shall
vote for the bill with a great deal of anxiety,
hoping that it may pass. It is a humane bi 11.
As to its constitutionality, I might goon and
illustrate it in various ways. For instance,
there are other constitutions to be considered
besides this one that is quibbled over so much
from time to time. There is the constitution
of the animals that are to be transported on
these cars and steamboats. Then there are
the constitutions of the consumers, that ought
to be looked to and preserved. [Laughter.]
There is no necessity for raising any Demo-
cratic question on this subject, in my opinion.
The convention that met at Cincinnati, the
present convention at. Philadelphia,, if you
please, and the succeeding one at Baltimore—
all those conventions would like to be fed on
good, sound beef, that had not been fevered
in the transportation of the cattle to such an
extent as to produce disease. Therefore I
think the argument as to the constitutionality
of this measure is all on our side, and I do
hope most earnestly-the bill will pass.
