594
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Ho. op Beps.
The Tariff—Mr. Biggs.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
as well as justly. The tobacco interest in
this country constitutes one Of its most import-
ant industries-, it employs- a very large pro-
portion of its cheap and unskilled labor; it is
estimated that five hundred and thifty-five
thousand persons are directly supported -by
this interest in its v-arious- conditions, repre-
senting a gross-population of nearly one mil-
lion. The interests of the revenue, the inter-
ests of the manufacturers and the fax-payers,
and all the recognized principles of political
economy governing taxation, point to a well-
considered and uniform rate of taxation upon
all classes and grades of manufactured tobacco
as the true policy of the Government.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON, B. T. BIGGS,
OP DKLAWARIS,
In the Howse of Representatives,
May 20, 1872, . .
On the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on im-
ports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker—
"Once in tho life of men and nations
Comes tho hour to decido.
In tho strife twixt trutll and falsehood,
For the good or evil aide."
When these legislative Halls, with their
broad and spacious accesses, were in process
of construction, it was remarked that the latter
were ample for the convenience of armed
battalions, and for that purpose might at some
day be employed against the people, or to
overawe and intimidate their Representatives.
It was little thought then that this capital
would bo'shortly after transposed for a time
into a defensive fortress against a rebellion
which was provoked by a legislative war
against the reserved rights of fifteen States of
the Union, and •begimii'ng overtly with fanslt
ical cries of fraud-at mass meetings, like that
of "letting the Union slide," and where the
banner of seventeen free States flaunted in the
winds from party platforms proceeded to take
arwed steps to stir up insurrections of slaves
in southern communities, and to the suppress-
ing of tho extension of southern institutions
into Territories given to the country by the
" mother of States and statesmen," through
the fanatic agency of Sharps' rifles, underaus-
pices like those aforetime, when—
" Priests pale with vigils in his name have blessed
Tho unsheathod sword and laid the spear in rest,
Wet the war banner with their saored wine
And crossed its blazon with the holy sign."
But, sir, I would not recall this record of the
past 8® replete with sorrow to on© section of
our country. If those who had triumphed
over our losses and misfortunes did not fur-
nish an example otherwise, all might truly
say with the greatest of pouts of a bright spirit
who fell in the deadly strife of battle :
" I turn to thee, to thousands of whom each
And one, as all, a ghastly gap did make
In his oivo kind and kindred, whom to teach
Eorgetfulnoss were mercy for their sake."
But sad, sad and frightful as are civil wars—
things if not to be forgotten should be for-
given, and quite proscribed and crushed out
is after party policies and polities, and utterly
so in the thought and acts ot' true statesman-
ship—still our civil war did not end with the
overcoming of insurrection at Appomattox
Court-house, nor with the certifying to the
President and Congress of the United States
that the people of the confederate States
desired peace, and were pursuing their usual
humble avocations in its letter and spirit.
Sir, the war has been kept up and kept on by
the dominant party in acts which look sim-
ply to the Polandizing of the South for the
aggrandizement in all ways of the monopolies
of the North, to the end of perpetuating the
power of their persecutors, who in all legisla-
tion set up a howl here about rebels and
rebellion as justifying any. persecution, pro-
scription, or spoliation, and wiho defend and
sustain theurselves at the hustings by like exe-
crable expedients. Even ruthless robberies
of southern citizens after the war was over
by Government officials, who may hatfe Con-
descended to pay oyer & part of the proceeds
of their rapine-and ravage to the Treasury at
Washington, are defended at this late hour
upon the ground. that as the injured parties
had been rebels, though they were afterward
the recipients of pardon and special amnesty,
and wore in all-respects men of good repute,
yet nothing should be accorded to them out of
the fund that their- means and hard earnings
had created.
Contemporaneous with the like wicked pol-
icy came from some men professing tft be states-
men and humanitarians the expressions that
theaetual terrible war of the past should be
and must be fought over again before the spirit
of northern hatred and revenge can be satiated
or appeased.. In other words, the defenseless
and powerless must be utterly crushed out in
blood and carnage, amounting to extermina-
tion, by thofie who have grown great and rich
by the former despoilment,and thecontinuance
of ail excoriating legislative policy in high
tariffs and kindred measures to benefit one sec-
tion of the country at the expense of another.
To this leeching and robbing process there is
to be no pause, no halt, no suspension, no pal-
liative, because, as to financial or currency pol-
icies in legislation which would relieve the great
southern producing interests, we have absolutely
nothing suggested by our monopoly oppressors,
while with the existence of the specie-hoarding
course of our Secretary of the Treasury, in-
dorsed by Congress, adding twelve per cent, to
all duties by an utterly arbitrary usurpation of
the Executive, how hollow and how mocking is
the relief vouchsafed by our chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee, who administers
as a palliative to his cruel &nd exhaustive allo-
pathic practice of "blood-letting" the paltry
homeopathic dose of ten per cent, reduction of
duties on manufactures. Meantime no relief
whatever is to be accorded for the wrongs,
outiages, and robberies of the carpet-baggers
of the North, who have descended upon the
weak and defenseless people of the South
like "wolves on the fold," and who have
plunged the finances of the southern States,
heretofore managed prudently and econom-
ically, into irretrievable disaster. Why, Mr.
Speaker, it was but a short time ago only
that a Senator of Louisiana found occasion to
vent his rage against the carpet-bag robbers
of his own State, whose thefts he put at the
high figure of $80,000,000, because they had
donned the livery of the court of heaven to
serve the devil in by attending the Liberal
Republican convention at Cincinnati, and
when he extended his animadversions to the
like ilk of banditti in other southern States,
who he alleged had sought cover from popular
indignation by a similar device, he was promptly
and readily met by an associate Senator in his
own party with the assertion that no carpet-bag
robbers were present at said convention from
the State of Texas, and so it was urged in other
quarters during the discussion that none were
tuere from other southern States which this
carpet-bag scum had infested and plundered.
Worst of all, Mr. Speaker, one evil serves to
perpetuateanother. Thus, wlien the people on
the southern Mississippi river sought aid and
comfort from Congress for the loss of their
crops and the devastation of their homes and
fields, and other material resources, by appro-
priations to construct levees to further stay the
great father of western waters in its overflows,
causing crevasses, imperiling the great city of
New Orleans itself, objection was made to the
policy by the-great tribune of the West, to the
effect that it was the greater- and more urgent
duty of-Congress to exterminate, if possible, the
whole race of carpet-baggers who were offend-
ers against a-common humanity, and whose
destructivbness exceeded the overflows of the
Mississippi.' Yet, sir, instead of legislation of
this kind, or indeed of any kind to repress and
punish these scourges of the Bouthern people,
worse than the overflow oftjhe Mississippi, there
■seems to be a disposition,.^) the greatest extent
Eossible in legislative ways, to play into their
ands, atid thus to perpetuate their power,
and to insure them a great future of rapine
and ravage. ' . • -
For this we now have legislation proposed
to shield -such of them as have *obbed the
planters of their eotiton.; Stid of the latter who
have been despoiled it has been Said , " Served
them right, because-they Were rebels, and, as
an evidence that they wen* -rebel#,- they have
been.tHfe recipients of pardon and amnesty."
In additioft to those -standing staples, Govern-
ment proscriptivsness and persecution, worse
than the stake-burnings of witches and dissent-
ers by New England Puritans* have been, the
carpet-bag and scalawag rulers over an intelli-
gent people, whose only crime is that they
were slaveholders, and fought for the rights
of their States like men, and: who have since
been subjected to the terrors of martial law,
military, despotism, and official robbery, until
all Christendom rises up in earnest protest and
declares that Ku Klux outrages should have
been visited on the heads of these fiends in
human shape, rather than upontheir poor tools
and subordinates.
In addition to all this, I repeat, we are to
have supplementary legislation to the bayonet
acts operating upon all the country, but espe-
cially directed in utter vindietiveness against
the South. By this legislation Government
spies and emissaries are to be part of the civil
or, rather, uncivil establishment at the polls
and voting precincts ; negroes are to be legis-
lated -into Social equality with the w-hit.es, or
forced into ail places frequented by the latter,
except possibly in their own houses or castles,
•tad the whites are to be denied the boon of
amnesty, against all known policy in enlight-
ened nations that have suffered from civil wars,
so that the capable and honest may take the
place of the carpet-bag and scalawag knaves,
who, in imposing upon the ignorance of the
blacks, hold high carnival with some of the
worst of the latter in the halls of legislation
and the seats of executive power.
And to the like atrocities yet undeveloped
in this body, but doubtless harbored in the
minds susceptible of such things, are to be
added the terrific machinery of martial law,
whose designs are secret, and whose decrees
are death to liberty and the rights of the peo-
ple. Military occupation, not to say subjuga-
tion, is to be the lot of the South during the
next political campaign, and perhaps longer.
Troops are to be quartered among her people
and stationed at the polls, though in mon-
archical England the latter step in oppression
dare not be essayed by those who rule by the
right divine. Mr. Speaker, what is all this
for? Why this array of elements of force, to
terrorize, awe, intimidate, and restrain our
people? In monarchical Governments ruled
by sense restiveness of the people under arbi-
trary acts is narrowly watched and is greatly
feared ; resistance to popular feeling is avoided
if possible consistently with the existence of
royal prerogative. And when a revolution in
politics is threatened in our own land, simply
by the arbitrary and uujust acts of its rulers,
were it not better for them to conciliate the
people, and win back their favor and support
by removing the causes of their anger, rather
