1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1543
out apprehension or doubt as to his right to
manufacture and sell tobacco in the Indian
territory without paying tax, until Congress
enacted the revenue law of July 20,1868, regu-
lating the collection of taxes on liquors and
tobacco. The one hundred and seventh sec-
tion of this act of Congress is as follows:
" That the internal revenue laws imposing taxes
on distilled spirits, fermented liquors, tobacco, snuff,
and cigars, shal I be held and construed to extend to
such articles produced anywhere within theexterior
boundaries of the United States,-whether the same
shall be within a collection district or not."
The question arose at once whether this
section of the law of Congress, which is very
broad in its terms, extending as it does to
the exterior boundaries of the United States,
abrogated on that point the treaty with the
Cherokee Indians. The records shows that,
shortly after the enactment of this law, Mr.
Boudinot applied to the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue — at that time Hon. E. A.
Rollins—to know if the said one hundred and
seventh section, above quoted, was intended to
extend the revenue laws in respect to liquors
and tobacco over the Indian territory. He
acted in good faith. The very moment he
saw the law he applied to the proper officer
for an explanation of it, seeing, as he did, the
conflict between it and the treaty of 1866.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue passed
upon the question, and in response to this ap-
plication officially informed Boudinot that 
"Notwithstanding the language of said section
the tax could not be collected upon tobacco manu-
factured in the Indian country so long as it remained
in said country; but, upon it being brought within
any collection district of the United States, it would
be liable to seizure and forfeiture unless it should
be properly stamped, thus indicating that the tax
imposed by law had been paid."
Now, as 1 have already remarked, there is
no pretense that Mr. Boudinot took or offered
for sale any tobacco outside of the Indian
territory without paying the tax upon it. This
letter of Mr. Commissioner Rollins is dated
February 23, 1869.
Upon the succession of Hon. Columbus Del-
ano to the office of Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, it appears that Mr. Boudinot was
anxious to obtain from the new incumbent an
indorsement of his business, as he had pre-
viously done while Mr. Rollins was in office.
The record shows that Mr. Delano was more
deliberate and careful in the expression of his
opinion than was Mr. Rollins, for Mr. Delano
referred the subject to Judge Charles P. James
for legal advice. After thorough examination
of the Cherokee treaty, and the said act of
Congress of July 20, 1868, Mr. Delano author-
ized the following letter and opinion to be for-
warded to Mr. Boudinot:
Treasury Department,
Office of Internal Revenue,
Washington, October'21,1869.
Gentlemen : This office does not propose to apply
within the territories of the Cherokco nation the
revenue laws relating to tobacco and spirits pro-
duced there; but holds that section one hundred and
seven of the act of 20th July, 1868, applies to the
articles themselves, and will be enforced when those
articles are carried into the States or Territories of
the United States for sale. The grounds of this
determination, and the instructions given to the
revenue officers, are more fully explained by the
accompanying memorandum of opinion by Judge
J ames, to whom the question was originally referred.
Very respectfully,
C. DELANO, Commissioner.
Messrs. Pike & Johnson, Coimselors-at- Law.
Accompanying this letter of Mr. Delano is
the following from Judge James:
In the matter of taxes on tobacco produced in the terri-
tory of the Cherokee nation.
Sir : I have examined the argument of Colonel
Elias 0. Boudinot, a citizen of the Cherokee nation,
against the collection within its territory of taxes
upon tobacco manufactured there, and have the
honor to make the following reply: •
The question, whether section one hundred and
seven of the act of 20th July, 1868, intended that the
revenue laws relating to tobacco and spirits pro-
duced in " the Indian country " should bo extended
into that country and there enforced, was submitted
to mo by yourself about thel2th day of August last.
I had the honor to advise you that without any ref-
erence to existing treaties it was apparent, on the
face of the statute itself, that Congress did not in-
tend to apply the revenue laws to the Indian coun-
try itself, but to the articles produced there, and
that the application could bemado only to such part
of these manufactures as might be carried thence
into the States or Territories of the United States.
The action of your office was afterward taken in ac-
cordance with this advice, and instructions to that
effect were sent, as I was informed, to the revenue
officers of Kansas, Missouri, and Texa«.
CHARLES P. JAMBS,
Counselor-at-Law.
Hon. Columbus Delano, Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
It will be observed that this letter of Mr.
Delano is dated October 21, 1869. It was
forwarded to Mr. Boudinot, who was at that
time in the Cherokee nation, and received by
him about the 1st of December, 1869; yet,
although he was thus fortified, for some rea-
son or other, in less than thirty days after the
reception by Boudinot of Mr. Delano's letter,
the tobacco factory of Boudinot, with every-
thing pertaining thereto, was seized by the
revenue officers of the United States. Mr.
Boudinot was also arrested and held to bail
in the sum of $2,500 to answer a criminal
charge before the next term of the United
States district court for the western district of
Arkansas. At the regular term of said court,
which convened on the second Monday in May,
1870, the court decided that although the treaty
of 1866 clearly gave Mr. Boudinot the right to
manufacture tobacco in the Cherokee nation,
and sell the same in the Indian territory with-
out paying tax, still the one hundred and sev-
enth section of the act of Congress of July 20,
1868, being repugnant to said treaty, abrogated
the same pro tanto, and extended the provis-
ions of the revenue laws relating to liquors and
tobacco over the Indian country, and that the
decisions of Mr. Rollins and Mr. Delano were
no protection to Mr. Boudinot. The judge of
the district court, however, explicitly exoner-
ated Mr. Boudinot from any attempt to defraud
the Government, as the following language from
the decision in the case will show :
" In what I have said in reference to tho frauds
committed by those who might engage in the manu-
facture of tobacco in that country, 1 do not wish to
be understood as reflecting on the claimant in this
case. There is nothing in this case, as submitted to
the court and jury, to show that -he was engaged in
any such practices. He seems to have acted in good
faith, supposing the law to be as he claims it. In
this he was mistaken, and his manufactory and
tobacco is as much subject to forfeiture as if fie had
in fact acted with the most fraudulent motives."
The decree of the court was against him.
He appealed from that decision to the Supreme
Court of the United States. The latter tribu-
nal affirmed the decision of the district court,
holding that a law of Congress abrogates an
Indian treaty when it comes in conflict with it,
and that the revenue laws of the United St'ates
were by the act of Congress extended over a
country from which taxation had been inter-
dicted by the treaty I have already cited. I
hold in my hand the,opinion of the Supreme
Court upon this question. I will not detain
the House by reading more than a sentence or
two, simply for the purpose of showing that at
every step the gentleman here to whom relief
is granted is sustained by the highest authority
as having acted throughout in perfect good
faith. I have no quarrel with the decision of
the court; neither has Mr. Boudinot. It was
a grave question—one which ought to have
been settled; and I am glad it is settled.
Whether it has been settled entirely in accord-
ance with my own opinion is of but little im-
portance; but ithas been finally determined by
the Supreme Court of the United States that ;
a law of Congress, when it conflicts with an '
Indian treaty, abrogates that treaty pro tanto.
Justice Swayne delivered the opinion of the j
court; and he used the following language in !
reference to the claimant: i
" We are glad to know that there is no ground for \
any imputation upon the integrity or good faith of ;
the claimants who prosecuted this writ of error. In |
a ease not free from doubt and difficulty, they acted j
under a misapprehension of their legal rights." i
Mr. DAWES. Will my friend from Indi- j
ana [Mr. Voorhees] state on what ground I,
the Supreme Court undertook to say that a law;
of Congress can abrogate a treaty?
Mr. VOORHEES. lhave thedecision here;
and I do not mean any discourtesy to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] when
I say that he will certainly be much better sat-
isfied by an examination of it than by anything
which I can give in the way of an epitome in
the brief space I have on the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I only made the request
because I have been held to a rigid account-
ability here in this House a good many times
for holding that doctrine.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will read an extract
from the opinion.
Mr. DAWES. I agree to the doctrine} and
I am glad that the Supreme Court has af-
firmed it.
Mr. VOORHEES. I am not standing here
to say that I disagree with it; but I wish to
dispose of this question as soon as possible,
and of course I do not desire to occupy the
time of the House in reading the entire opin-
ion, because it does not control the equity of
this case, except so far as it establishes the
good faith of this claimant. However, as the
chairman of our committee [Mr. Bingham]
desires me to do so, and as the gentleman from
Massachusetts has called attention to the point,
I will give the reasoning of the court so far as
it may be exhibited in this extract:
" But conceding these views to be correct, it is
insisted that the section cannot apply to the Chero-
kee nation, because it is in conflict with the treaty.
Undoubtedly one or the other must yield. The re-
pugnancy is clear, and they cannot stand together.
' The second section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of theUnited States declares that ' this
Constitution, and the laws of the United States which
shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties
which shall be made under the authority of the Uni-
ted States, shall be the supreme law of the land.'
"It need hardly be said that a treaty cannot change
the Constitution or be held valid if it be in violation
of that instrument. This results from the nature and
fundamental principles of our Government. The
effect of treaties and acts of Congress, when in con-
flict, is not settled by the Constitution. But the ques-
tion is not involved in any doubt a3 to its proper
solution. A treaty may supersede a prior act of Con-
gress, (Foster k Elam vs. Neilson, 2Pet., 31i,) and an
act of Congress may supersede a prior treaty, (Tay-
lor vs. Norton, 2 Curtis, 451; the Clinton Bridge, 1
Walworth's Reports, 155.) In the cases referred to,
these principleswere applied to treaties with foreign
nations. Treaties with Indian nations within the
' jurisdiction of theUnited States, whatever consider-
ations of humanity and good faith may be involved
and require their faithtul observance, cannot bs
more obligatory. They have no higher sanctity, and
no greater inviolability or immunity from legisla-
tive invasion can be claimecl for them. Tho conse-
quences in all such cases give rise to questions which
must be met by the political department of the Gov-
ernment. They are.beyond the sphere of judicial
cognizance. In the case under consideration the act
of Congress must prevail as if the treaty were not
an element to be considered.
"If a wrong has been done, the power of redress
is with Congress, not with the judiciary, and that
body, upon being applied to, it is to be presumed, will
promptly give the proper relief.
"Does the section thus construed deserve the severe
strictures which have been applied to it?
" As before remarked, it extends the revenue laws
over the Indian territories only as to liquors and
tobacco"."
Mr. BINGHAM. I now ask my colleague
on the committee to read the conclusion of
the report.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have in addition ouly
to call the attention of the House to the con-
clusion of the decision which I have already
read. That decision gives the weighty sanc-
tion of the Supreme Court to the integrity of
Mr. Boudinot.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to ask my colleague
a question. Does he regard the validity of
treaties with Indians as equal to the validity
of treaties entered into by this Government
with foreign nations?
Mr. VOORHEES. The Supreme Courtdoes.
Mr. -SHANKS. But do you?
Mr. VOORHEES. It is not necessary for
me to argue that point. In a proper case
stated I might be induced to go into the argu-
ment of that question. I have found in argu-
ing cases in court that it is always better and
safer to stay within the proper limits of my
case. The Supreme Court decides what is the
