THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
paul 0. hebbrt,
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2283) for the removal of the political disabili-
ties of Paul 0. Heb6rt, of Louisiana ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
charles j. m'kinney, of tennessee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2284) for the relief of Charles
J. McKinney, of Tennessee ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
nancy tipton. *
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2285) granting a pension to
Nancy Tipton, widow of Samuel Tipton, late
a private of company H, thirteenth Tennessee
cavalry; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
john colter.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, introduced abill
(H. R. No. 228ti) for the relief of John Col-
ter ; which was read a first time.
Mr. ELD HEDGE. I ask that the bill be
read at length.
The bill was read a second time at length,
and was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
poet of delivery at indianapolis.
Mr. COBURN introduced a hill (II. R. No.
2287) to establish a port of delivery at the city
of Indianapolis, in the State of Indiana ; which
was read a first time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask that the bill be
read at length.
The bill was read a second time at length,
and was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
public building at indianapolis.
Mr. COBURN also introduced abill (H. R.
No. 2288) for the construction of an addition
to the post office and court-house at Indianap-
olis, in the State of Indiana; which was read
a first time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask that the bill be
read at length.
The bill was read a second time at length,
and was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
navigation of the lakes and st. lawrence.
Mr. COBURN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2289) for the appointment of commission-
ers on the part of the United States who, in
connection with commissioners that may be
appointed on the part of the Dominion of
Canada, shall examine and report as to the
extension and enlargement of the navigable
waters of the lakes and the St. Lawrence
river, and requesting the Government of the
Dominion of Canada to appointcommissioners
to act in connection with those appointed by
our Government, and to cooperate with our
Government in the adoption of such measures
as may secure the development of the naviga-
tion above referred to ; which was read a first
time.
Mr. COBURN. I ask that the bill be read
at length.
The bill was lead a second time at length,
and was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
pkivaee contracts witii indians.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2290) regulating the mode of making private
contracts with Indians; which was read a first
time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Let the bill be read at
length.
The bill was read a second time at length,
and was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
edmund .tuessen.
Mr. FARWELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2291) for the relief of Edmund Juessen;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
pension laws.
Mr. MOORE introduced a bill to revise,
consolidate, and amend the laws relating to
pensions.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to have the
bill read at length.
Mr. MOORE. The reading of the bill would
occupy a,n hour or two hours.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It is a good bill, and I
presume there is very good reading in it. If
the gentleman will consent that it shall go to
the Committee on the Judiciary, I shall not
insist on the reading.
Mr. MOORE. I withdraw the bill.
george g. vest.
Mr. COMINGO introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2292) for the removal of all political dis-
abilities from George G. Vest, of the city of
Sedalia, in the State of Missouri; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
homestead entries.
Mr. HAVENS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2203) to legalize entries of public lands under
the homestead laws in certain cases; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
titles to graduated lands.
Mr. BURDETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2294) to enable actual settlers and culti-
vators of graduated lands of the United States
to obtain titles thereto ; which was read a first
time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to have the bill
read at length.
The bill was read a second time at length,
and was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed,
bridge across the missouri.
Mr. BURDETT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2295) to authorize the construction of
a bridge across the Missouri river at Jefferson
City, Missouri ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
loyal indians.
Mr. BOLES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2296) to amend an act entitled "An act mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1872," approved
March 3, 1871; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDREDGE called for the reading of
the bill at length, and the bill was read.
david houe.
Mr. HANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2297) to extend the time of letters-patent issued
to David Hohe; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDREDGE called for the reading of
the bill at length, and it was read.
lieutenant a. j. smith.
Mr. PALMER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2298) for the relief of Lieutenant A.J. Smith,
of De Soto, Iowa ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.'
Mr. ELDREDGE called for the reading of
the bill at length, and it was read.
reinstatement op army officers.
Mr. ELDREDGE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2299) to reinstate certain officers in the
Army; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDREDGE called for the reading of
the bill at length, and it was read.
asylum for disabled soldiers.
Mr. MITCHELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2300) to authorize the board of managers
of the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers to convey certain real estate to the
State of Wisconsin for the purpose therein
mentioned ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDREDGE called for the reading of
the bill at length, and it was read.
camp cady, california.
Mr. HOUGHTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2301) to authorize the sale of the military
reservation known as Camp Cady, in the State
of California; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
indian tribal relations.
Mr. LOWE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2302) to authorize the President to enter into
treaty negotiations with the Indian tribes of
the Indian territory, with a view to procure
the assent of said tribes to the extinguishment
of tribal rights, and the organization of a ter-
ritorial or State government therein ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ELDREDGE called for the reading of
the bill at length, and it was read.
improvement of ohio river.
Mr. DAVIS presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of West Virginia,
asking an appropriation for the improvement
of the Ohio river; which was referred to flie
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to bo
printed.
eureka mining company."
Mr. KENDALL introduced a bill (H. R.
2304) to grant the right of way through the
public lands to the Eureka Consolidated Min-
ing Company for the purpose of building a
railroad; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
public building at pembina, dakota.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (S.
R. No. 2303) to authorize the construction of
a United States custom-house at the port of
Pembina, in the Territory of Dakota; wlich
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
protection of civil rights.
_ The SPEAKER. The States and Territo-
ries having been called for bills on leave and
joint resolutions, they will next be called for
resolutions, and the pending bill undsr this
call is the bill (H. R. No. 1647) suppbmental
to an act entitled "An act to protect all citi-
zens of the United States in their civil rights,
and to furnish the means for their vindica-
tion," introduced by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Frye.] Two motions are pend-
ing, the motion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] to reconsider the
vote whereby the House ordered tae bill to be
engrossed and read a third times and to lay
that motion upon the table, and the motion
of the gentleman from Wisconsii, [Mr. Eld-
redge,] to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusitts. I with-
draw the motion to reconsider.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I shall insist upon my
motion to lay the bill on .the table, unless the
gentleman from MassaHiusetts [Mr. Hooper]
will consent to have this bill taken out of the
morning hour.
The question was taken upon the motion to
