648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
ton. In addition to this instance of a protect-
ive duty cheapening manufactured products,
let me add that but a few months ago the
Phosnix Iron Company entered into competi-
tion with the whole world for the building of
iron bridges for a Canadian railway. By the
protection afforded by the tariff, that company
had been enabled to have enough of the home
market to give its employes opportunities to
acquire skill in the manufacture of all iron
bridge-work, and, by newly invented processes
resulting from that protection, and the skill
and ingenuity of their workmen, they were
enabled successfully to compete with England
and Canada, and secure the contract, which
they are filling now. This protection took
nothing out. of the coffers of the nation, nor
from the pockets of the people, but brought
money here from Canada for our surplus com-
modities ; yet western gentlemen join in the
cry of Pennsylvania monopoly.
If there be any class besides the commercial
cities that enjoys monopolies it is the railroad
men of the West. They have already had in
, good bonds toward the building of lheir great
railroads the sum of 804,018,832, the interest
on which has been guaranted by t.he nation,
and the Government has already paid on such
guarantee $9,358,210 more than it has re-
ceived in shape of transportation of mails and
military stores, as appears by last Treasury
report. Besides this, they have had princely
donations in public lands, embracing what, is
equivalent to a solid belt of land twenty miles
in width on both sides of the principal through
linos throughout their whole extent. These
gifts of a beneficent Government to the differ
ent railroads of the country will amount to
the enormous sum of two hundred million
acres. They had the most of these immense
donations before the homestead principlo giv-
ing lands to actual settlers was inaugurated,
and oven now, with (hat homestead principle
existing, the railroad companies have an advan-
tage over the individual citizen, for, to the great
masses of the people the gift of a farm under
the homestead act amounts to nothing, for
they cannot occupy and improve it.
I do not complain of this railroad policy.
On the contrary, I think it was wise and bene-
ficial to the nation in the development of vast
regions that would otherwise have long lain
untouched by civilization, but, wlneh, under rail-
road facilities of access and transportation, are
now yielding great wealth to the nation. By
late statistics, compiled by Mr. Poor, it appears
that in 1S;;0, we had but 2;i miles of tailroad ;
in 1810 we had 2,818; in 1850 we had 9,021 j
in 3800 wo had 110,OHo; and in 1870 we had
CS.o'JO miles of railroads, made at a cost of
$2,400,000,000. Ill 1870, their earnings were
$450,000,000, they carried 125,000,000 of ton-
nage, whose value was estimated at $10,875,-
750,000. We may perhaps have gone as far
in that direction as it is prudent at present to
go, and can afford to wait until those facilities
to internal trade and commerce have demon-
strated folly to objectors the wisdom of the
land-grant policy.
I allude to this policy to remind gentlemen
from the West that it is inconsistent in them
to demand and receive direct bounties from
the Government in land and money for them-
selves, and to denounce Pennsylvania because
she enjoys in common with the rest of the
natiou some protection for herindustuous tax-
payers against the labor of the half-starved,
ill-clothed laborers of Europe.
I might here add that the farmers of the
West have a direct protection to their products
in the duty of 20 cents per bushel on wheat,
15 eei ts per bushel on rye and barley, 10 cents
per bushel on corn and oats, 1 cent, per pound
on beef and pork, 2 cents per pound on bacon
and hams. 4 cents per pound on butter and
cheese, fi to 12 cents per pound, and 10 per
cent, ad valorem on woo!, 10 percent, on green
fruits, and 25 to 35 per cent, on fruits when
pickled or preserved, all which, in times of
plentiful harvests throughout the world, is a
considerable item of protection to them.
Neither should gentlemen from the South-
west join in denunciation of the manufacturing
interests.
The great sugar interest depends for its very
existence on a protective tariff. The general
principle on which a protective tariff is based
is that by giving the people of this country an
equal chance with the cheaper labor and capi-
tal of Europe we can produce all the com-
modities we want to use on as good terms,
through competition, as such commodities can
be afforded from abroad. With regard to sugar
this reason does not fully hold, for with all
their appliances, and with a protective tariff,
the Southwest does not appear able to produce
all the sugar we need.
Tf, then, as the free-traders argue, the tariff
is a direct tax on an imported article, the sugar
producers receive a direct bounty from the
Government of one and three quarters to four
cents per pound, and are more justly the sub-
ject of criticism than Pennsylvania manufac-
turers, whose protection is not special, but in
common with that of the masses of the people
of all those other States whose raw material
affords them the opportunity of competition.
There should be fair play in all things.
This Government is a Government of com-
promises. Its legislation is a legislation of
compromises. So vast is our country in
extent, so great is the diversity of its soil,
climate, and productions, so different are the
circumstances under which men labor, whether
as to the cost of the raw material to be worked
up, or the cost of living at the place of manu-
facture, that legislation that is beneficial to
one class would not be so beneficial to another.
A duty which is protective in one section may
not be so in another ; but national legislation
must bo general and not local or partial,
although the legislation of individual States
may be otherwise. Hence, there may arise
inequalities, but those inequalities in the whole
may average one another in such a manner
that disadvantages suffered in some cases may
bo compensated by advantages gained else-
where. This is the prinsiplc upon which a
national legislation must be founded, and he
who looks to the immediate interest of a
particular locality, without taking a survey of
the interests of the whole people, has but an
imperfect idea of the duties of a Congress
legislating for a whole nation.
While Pennsylvania, in the duties which are
levied on her staple commodities in the dif-
ferent stages of their production, receives some
protection against the cheaper labor and capital
of the Old World, she does not receive as much
protection on similar products under the same
duty as is received by the western and south-
western States. Their greater distance from
the sea-board adds, in the shape of freights, to
their protection. Missouri, Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, Michigan, and others, South and West,
in the location of their iron-works are more
benefited by a given rate of duty on iron than
is Pennsylvania, yet the latter State is singled
out as the great monopolist, to be denounced
and held up to the indignation of the land.
But why is Pennsylvania so denounced? Why
is it that she is a monopolist, and how is it that
she enhances the cost of iron to the people ?
Gentlemen from Now York say that the
duty on iron adds inevitably to its cost, and
that it is a certain tax on the consumer. This
assertion is unfounded, and not supported by
the facts. There is no commodity imported
on which the duty is the exact measure of the
increase in price of such commodity. Price
depends on many circumstances. The free-
trader says that the price lo the consumer will
be the invoice price with the duty and im-
porter's profits added. It will be so occasion-
ally in articles that we neither produce nor
manufacture, as tea and coffee, but not always,
even in them. Supply and demand of the
article, or scarcity and abundance of money,
will affect it. If the quantity thrown on the
market be more than it demands, the price
will fall; if the quantity be inadequate to the
demand, the price will rise. If money be
scarce, the price will fall; if it be abundant,
the price will rise. If the currency be depre-
ciated by excessive issues or by distrust of its
ultimate redemption, merchandise measured
by it will rise. As confidence returns, the cur-
rency will appreciate and prices will fall. The
market price will continually vary according
to these circumstances, or a combination of
them, independent of cost abroad and duty
added.
In illustration of some of these prinoiples,
let me here remark that coffce, on which the
duty has not been changed for eighteen months,
suddenly rose in price five cents a pound a
short time ago.
In addition to the circumstances which I
have just mentioned, which affect the price to
the consumers of foreign commodities, which
we cannot produce or manufacture, there are
other elements which affect the prico of such
foreign productions as we can produce or manu-
facture. The principal one of these is competi-
tion at home. That principle is brought into
action when the Government imposes such a
duty on foreign articles as will aid in equalizing
our industry m the competition with the cheap
labor and capital of Europe. Both capital and
labor can be had there for one half what they
cost here; in some places on the continent
labor can be had for less than half. This well-
known fact is an important advantage to the
foreign manufacturer. How we can counter-
vail it without adding to the cost of the article
is the problem.
By free trade or low duties we would admit
such articles so low for a time that our manu-
facturers could not compete with them, and
would be driven from the market. When that
was done, the foreigner would raise his prices
to suit his own avarice. By imposing such a
duty as will enable us to manufacture and sell
any given article and give us a lair chance for
the home market, new manufactories will start
up, competition will reduce prices bythe supe-
rior skill and knowledge of onr workmen, and
the foreign article, if introduced at all, will be
introduced bythe foreign manufacturer paying
the duty in a reduction of his profits. This
was notably the case in Scotch pig iron, coal,
and steel rails. Scotch pig iron, in 1845, sold
in Glasgow at 80s. 8d. per ton. As the pro-
tective tariff of 1842 took effect, gradually
prices of Scotch pig iron ran down to 44s. 4d.
After that tariff was overthrown by the free trade
tariff of 1851, prices ran up to 7'Js. 9cl. by the
closing up of our furnaces for want of protec-
tion. Under our later protective tariffs it came
down in 1870 to 54s. Ad per ton. So, too, as I
have shown from the petition of railroad
officials, when the English had the monopoly
of our market, they charged us in currency
$225 per ton for steel rails, but as soon
as our people had an adequate duty imposed
on them, the price came down to less than
$100 per ton, near which it now remains.
Somewhat of the reduction may fairly be
ascribed to a fall in the pricc of gold, but the
main decrease is due to our competition. So,
too, with regard to coal. Before the duty was
imposed it sold in Boston at $10 40 per ton.
Since the duty of $1 25 was laid it has sold at
$7 25 per ton. Similar effects were notice-
able in the earlier protective tariffs, but I need
not go further into details.
The free-traders would have ua believe that
free trade is a national gain where the articles
we need can be bought cheaper abroad than
at home. This is "a delusion and a snare,"
and is untrue. Every article we make unc
keep at home adds to the wealth of the nation
to the extent of its value; but if, instead of
making such article at home, we purchase it
abroad with money or other equivalents, even at
a less price than we can buy it at home, we are
losers by the transaction unless we can buy it at
