1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8t
law, and as a law-abiding citizen I stand upon
their platform.
I will read now the conclusion of the report:
"It will be noticed that, in the opinion of the
nourt above quoted, Boudinot is advised to appeal
to Congress in the following words :
" 'If a wrong has been done, the power of redress
is with Congress, not with the judiciary, and that
body, upon being applied to, it is presumed, will
promptly give the proper relief.'
" There is one point in Boudinot's casethat snomd
not be overlooked; that is, that he had the official
written authority of the Commissioners of Internal
Revcnuo for doing what he was doing, up to within
thirty days of the seizure of his factory, and that
Mr. Boudinot received no notice that a different pol-
icy would bo pursued.
"The Supremo Court has settled the law to be
against the right of Boudinot to manufacture to-
bacco in the Chorokee nation without conforming to
the revenue laws, but that does not affect the equi-
ties in his case ; 1)0 was acting under the direction
of the very officer authorized by law to advise and
direct suoh business. It was due Boudinot, as well
as the good faith of such officer, that notice should be
given to Boudinot that theone hundred and seventh
section of the act of July 20,1868, had abrogated his
rights under the tenth article of the Cberokeo treaty
of 18o6, and that thenceforward he would bo required
to conform to the revenue law the same as any cit-
izen of the United States.
"Thero is no oomplaint that Boudinot ever sold,
or authorized to be sold, a pound of tobacco outsido
of the Indian territory without tho paymont of tax
required by law. Tho judeo of tho district court
which decided his ease testifies to his good faith in
every respect: tho Supreme Court, affirming tho
judgment of the lowor court, takes pleasure in tes-
tifying to his good faith.
"There is not tho slightest doubt but Mr. Boudi-
not is a Cherokco Indian, and a citiflon of 6ho Cher-
okee nation; ho was ono of tho recognized repre-
sentatives or delegates from the Chorokeo nation
to tho United States Government in 3868, and his'
name appears us such to the treaty of that year made
by this Government with tho Cherokco nation.
Though an Indian, ho claims no leniency on tho
ground of ignorance; ho has shown throughout a
disposition to deal honorably and justly with tho
CoverniQcnt of the Unitod States in this mattor,
and pursued just such a courso as any gentleman ot
intelligence and education would havo pursued
under similar circumstanecs."
Mr. SARGENT. How much will this take?
Mr. VOORHEES. Only a few thousand
dollars. Bat it is absolutely right.
Mr. BINGHAM. X hope my colleague will
now call the previous question.
Mr. VOORHEES. in view of the facts I
liave stated, the Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States some time ago directed a nolle pro-
sequi to bo entered as to the indictmcnt against
Mr. Boudinot. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous queslion was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
oporation thereof tho bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. VOORHEES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider bo laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OKDER OS BUSINESS,
Mr. PERCE. The morning hour having
expired, I now move the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. PALMER. I move that tho rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the Post Office
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, relating to public business,
takes precedence of that of the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Per.ce.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have a section
here which I ask to be read, and that unani-
mous consent be granted that it shall bo con-
sidered as in order in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to the Post
Office appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman^ can ask
that in the committee. The committee has
the power to grant unanimous consent as well
as the House.
Mr. PERCE. I object to everything which
interferes with our taking up the bill now
pending in the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar in reference to William
and Mary College.
Mr. PALMER. I move that the general
debate on the Post Office appropriation in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be limited to half an hour, unless there
be a, disposition on the part of the House to
have a longer time.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to' a question of order.
I desire to call the attention of the Chair
to the rule which will be found on page 66
of the Digest, to the effect that on Fridays and
Saturdays the motion to go into Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar takes
precedence of the motion to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Tho SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
paragraph in the Digest referred to by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.] And
as the question is one likely to arise frequently,
the Chair requests that members will give their
attention.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The House may at any time, by a voto of a ma-
jority of the members present, suspend the rules
and orders tor the purpose of going into tho Com-
mittee of the Wholo House on tho stato of the
Union."—little 101. [On Fridays and Saturdays,
which, undor Rule 128, ore set apart for tho con-
sideration of private business, tho motion to go into
Coinmitteo of the Wholo House on the Privato Cal-
endar takes precedence of the motion to go into
Committee of tho Whole House on the state of the
Union, but upon a failure of tho formor motion tho
latter motion may bo entertained on those days.J"
The SPEAKER. The Chair has before
called the attention of tho House to the con-
sideration which removes this rule from hav-
ing an operating effect now. When the appro-
priation bills have been reported, each of them
has been made a spccial order on a given
day and from day to until disposed of. Had
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar.]
risen when that order was requested, aud had
Fridays excepted, his point would now bo
good. But by unanimous consent the opera-
tion of this rule is waived when it is ordered
that tho bill should bo considered from day to
day. But the only effect is this ; that the right
of precedence for the Privato Calendar on
Friday having been waived, tho geutleman
who has charge of public business in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
has the right to havo his motion submitted
first. Should that fail, the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar is submiitted next.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether the order to which the Chair has
referred has been made specifically in regard
to the Post Office Appropriation bill?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was made a
special order for Wednesday six weeks ago,
and from day to day until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
record of January 18, 18'72, as it appears on
tho Calendar.
Tho Clork read as follows;
"A bill (II. It. 1070) making appropriations for the
service of tho Post Office Department for the year
ending June 80, 1873. Special ordor for Wednesday,
January 24, after the morning hour, and from day to
day until disposed of."
Mr. HOAR. Does tho Chair hold that the
words "from day to day'' include only the
days set apart for public business, or all the
days of the session?
The SPEAKER. The ruling of the Chair,
he is informed by the-gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Saugkkt,] is not a new one. It
has been the ruling for many years. It gives
the advantage of first making the motion to
the gentleman who lias charge of an appropria-
tion bill, but the final decision rests with the
majority of the House.
Mr. PALMER. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
ADJOTJRSMENT OYEll.
Mr. POTTER. I move that when theHouse
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggests that
tho usual arrangement be made for a session
on Saturday, for debate only, no business tr*
be transacted.
Mr. POTTER. I have no objection to mod-
ifying my motion in accordance with that
suggestion.
Mr. PETERS. I object, unless it is known
that gentlemen wish Saturday for debate. It
is a great tax upon the Globe reporters and
the employ6s of the House to come here for
merely one or two explosions. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The arrangement can
only be made by unanimous consent, and ob-
jection being made, the question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Potter.] that when the House adjourns to-day
it be to meet on Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GENERAL EMORY.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
llexolved, That tho President of the United States
be requested to furnish this House with a copy of all
the correspondence between the executive depart-
ment and General .Emory, commanding tho United
States army in tho Stato of Louisiana, l'rom Decem-
ber 20,1871, to February 1,1872.
Mr. ARCHER also, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution y which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of War be instructed
to transmit to this House a copy of all the corre-
spondence between the War Department and Gen-
eral Emory, commanding the United States forces in
Louisiana, from December 20, 1871, to February 1,
1872.
YE11BA IiUENA ISLAND.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the resolutions of the Chamber of Com-
merce of San Francisco, in relation to Yerba
Buena or Goat Island, in the harbor of San
Francisco; which were ordered to be printed
in the Globe.
The resolutions are as follows :
Chamber of Commerce.
San Francisco, March 7,1872.
Hon. A. A. Sargent:
At a meeting of tho Chamber of Commerce held
this day the following preamble and resolutions
were unanimously adopted, with instructions to for-
ward the same to you;
Whereas this chamber is advised that an effort is
again being made by the Central Pacific Railroad
Company to obtain possession of Goat Island for
railroad depot, dock, and warehouse purposes, and
that a bill has been reported in the Houso of Repre-
sentatives favorable to the granting of said island to
the said railroad company by the Congress of the
United States; now, therefore, the Chamber of Com-
merce of the city of San Francisco respectfully rep-
resents to the Congress of the United States that San
i'rancisco is a city with a population exceeding ono
hundred and fifty thousand, and with a property
valuation of $300,000,000 and upward; that their con-
tributions to the Federal Treasury in customs and
excise tax since her existence have beea fully
$100,000,000; that the city is built upon the shore of
a noble harbor capable of floating and accommo-
dating the commerce of the world if preserved ia its
natural and just proportions; 'that our people area
commercial people; that in view of the past, pres-
ent, and prospective value of the land along the
lino of our water-front, our citizens havo invested
many million dollars in property and improvements
at high prices, relying upon the legitimate and in-
creasing trado and commerce of our port for remun-
erative returns upon such investments; that (ioat
Island is located in our harbor, some three miles
distant from our center of trado and commerce;
that it overlooks and commands our harbor and
city. It was naturally planted there to stand for-
ever as a military .sentinel and shield to defend the
homes and property of countless numbers who will
cluster about this gr6at commercial center for ages
to come, and of which we, in the present, aro but
an insignificant fraction; that said island contains
one hundred and twenty acres of land; that it has
bold shoreand deep-water surroundings,and could bo
made available for wharves, docks, and warehouses,
and that said island has heretofore been held from
public occupation and settlement by the strong arm
of the military power of the United States for pur-
poses of defense and national use, and that now the
control and occupation of said island by the Central
Pacific railroad would be equivalent to a twenty-mil-
lion gift to a corporation already gorged and pleth-
oric with national bounty, furnishing thorn with
