596
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL ©LOBE.
[May 29,
Ho. of Reps.
Civil Rights—Mr. Bice..
42d Conjs....2d Sess.
rule, and numbers in all at least three million
voters*. This grand, army is the cherishing
mother of sueh and their devotees, and in that
character she .may take in her arms and carry
on to a victory ©f- principle any former -way-
ward or wandering children that seek her kind
protection.
But,- sir* .in my judgment the Democratic
party ia stronger .to-day than it ever was since
its unfortunate rupture in 1860. The split
in the Republican party is no concern of
oi*ra &3 Democrats. We divided in 1860,
and tihe .Republicans triumphed. The Dem-
ocrats separated in 1848, Cass was, defeated
and Taylor ttiamphed. The Republicans have
now divided, and as sure as the night follows
the day, we, us Democrats, -must succeed*
far, uv the language of holy Writ,, M a House
divided against, kaelf cannon stand.'.'. Why,
sir} with the, October elections against ua in
1868^wit3i our party hopes of suoceas-ctfuahed,
yet fifteen votes properly distributed in every
post -office district would have elected iSey-
moui President. Take the popular vote of
187Q<and 18,71 of the thirty-seven States, &n.d
we Jind that the Democrats polled 2,831,006
votes, while the-Republicans polled 2,944,819,
showing aBepublicaa majority of only 113,813.
Nowi at the presidential election of 1868,
the vote stood for. Seymour 2,703,18.8, and for
Grant 8,018, 188ta Republican majority of
309)588. The result of the elections of 1870
and 1871 shows a majority of only 113,813
against the Democratic party, while that of
1868 shows a majority of 309,588, or a gain, in
two.years of 195,776 votes.
I have arranged the States which I think
will vote Democratic and those Republican
in the fall of 1872 :
Democratic.
Alabama 10
Arkansas.....   ;    (j
California...      6
Dolawifre.. J  3
Georgia    11
ladiana        15
Kontuoky............       12
Maryland...      8
Missouri .\      15
Now Jersey     . 9
Now York........     35
North Carolina  11
Oregon..:.v. 
Pennsylvania % 29
Tennessee     12
Texas  8
Virginia  11
West Virginia    5
m
Republican.
Connecticut *    6
J£l°n<|a    4
Illinois..  21
I'owa    11
Kansas  *.  5
Louisiana,..*...  g
Maine....;....  7
Massachusetts    13
Michigan  11
Minnesota          5
Mississippi.,  g
Nebraska  $
Nevada     3
New Hampshire    5
Ohio  22
Rhode Island   .V. 4
youth Carolina  7
Vermont    5
Wisconsin   10
158
One hundred and eighty-four are all that are
necessary to a choice, while the hat 1 have
made gives the Democratic candidate two hun-
dred votes in the Electoral College. And I
think there is no State set down in the Dem-
ocratic column but what the Democrats have
just as good a prospect of carrying as the
Republicans.
Sir, a great party can only be held together
by a rigid adherence to principle. Sir, when
I took my seat in this Chamber on the 4th of
March, 1869, we numbered on this side of the
House about sixty members. Now we have
more than one hundred, and in the Forty-
Third Congress we have every . reasonable
prospect of a majority in this House. The
people of this country are resolved- upon a
change of Administration:
-"'The Presideftt of the United States has openly
used the power? and opportunities of his high office
for the promotion of personal ends.. He lias kept
notoriously unworthy and corrupt men in places of
power and responsibility to the detriment of the
public interest. He has used the public service of
the Government as a machinery of partisan and
personal influence, and interfered with tyrannical
arrogance in the political affairs of States and muni-
cipalities, He has rewarded with influential and
lucrative offices men who had acquired hisfyvor by
valuable presents. The partisans of the Administra-
tion hare kept alive the passions and resenttoents
of the civil/War to use; theui for their own advan-
tage. They have .resorted to arbitrary measures in
direct coriflict frith the organic law instead of appeal-
ing to the' better instincts/and latent patriotism otf-'
the- southerly people, by restoring -to tb^em ^hoae-
rights, the onjoymeat of which is indispensablefor a
successful administration of their local affdixk, and
would tend to a move patriotic and feopeful national
feeling. They have sought to stifle tjie voice of just
criticism, to stifle the moral sense of the people and
subjugate public opinion by tyrannical party disci-
pline. They are striving to maintain themselves in
authority for selfish ends by an unscrupulous use of
power,that rightfully belongs to the people."
Now,, ^ir, with this indictment by Repub-
licans against Republicans, with investigating
committees in New York, New Orleans, and in
thia city, exposing corruption and fraud, the
great mass-of the American people turn with-
hope to the Democratic party, and expect the
Baltimore convention to enunciate her undy-
ing principles, and with the selection of two
straight-out Democrats as our standard-bear-
ers, gentlemen of uublemished character and
acknowledged ability, Radicalism will be de-
feated, and the bright sun of prosperity and
happiness once more gladden the hearts of the
American people.
€IviI Rights.
SPEECH 01? HON. JOHN M. RICE,
of xtbntucky,
In the House of Representatives,
May 29, 1872,
On tho bill (If. R. No. 1649) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to protect all citizens of the
United States in their civil rights and to furnish
the means for their vindication," passed April 9,
1866.
Mr. RICE, of Kentucky, Mr. Speaker,
when novel and startling innovations are pro-
posed in the customs' and laws of a people
by those who are intrusted with legislative
power for the time being, I conceive it to be
our duty, not only as Representatives and states-
men, but as individual citizens, to inquire into,
first, the motives which have actuated the
framers of the new measure, and second, the
consequences which will inevitably attend its
practical operation. House bill No. 1647, the
so-called u supplemental civil rights bill," is
of this nature, and 1 desire to subject it so
far as I am competent to this plain and just
method of investigation. The bill is as fol-
lows:
A bill supplementary to an act entitled 44 An act to
protect all citizens of the United States in their
civil rights, and to furnish the means for their-
vindication," passed April 9, 1866.
_ Ua it% enact< d by the Semite and House of Representa-
tiv a of t he United iS/atcx of A i/ipi a a hi (Jo it grcba am-
bled, That no citizen of the United Stares shall, by
reason of race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude, be excepted or excluded from the full and
equal enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished by innkeepers; by
common carriers, whether on land or water; by
licensed owners, managers, or lessees of theateis or
other places of public amusement; by trustee?, com-
missioners, superintendents, teachers, and other
officers of common schools and other public insti-
tutions of learning, tho same being suppoitcd by
moneys derived from general taxation, or author-
ized by law; by trustees and otiicers of cemetery
associations and benevolent institutions incorpor-
ated by national or State authority. But private
schools, cemeteries, and institutions of learning
established exclusively for white or colored persons,
and maintained respectively by voluntaiy contri-
butions, shall remain according to the terms of the
original establishment.
.Sec. 2. That any person violating any of the pro-
visions of the foregoing section, or aiding1 in their
violation, or inciting theieto, sh,all, for every such
offense, forfeit and pay the sum ot $50Q to the per-
son aggrieved thereby, to "be recovered in an action
on the case, with full posts, and shall also, for every
sych offense, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and,.upon qonviction thereof, shall be fined not less
than |500, nor more than $1,000, or shall be impris-
oned not-less than thirty days, nor more than one
year: P/^iclep^Tbat the party aggrieved shall not
recover more than one penalty; and when the offense
is a refusal of burial, the penalty may be recovered
by the heirs-at-laW1 of'lhe person whose body has
been reftise^ buria^ T ,
Skc. 3. fhat thQ same jurisdiction and powers are
hereby conferred and the same duties enjoined upon
the courts and officers of the United States in the
ejc^cution of thid act.as a«e conferred and enjoined
upon such court? and ofucprsjn sections three, iour,
five, s&ven, and ten of art ac't entitled MAn act to
protect all persons in" thd Strttes in their
ciyjlrights* and to furnish the aae^ns-of their vindi-
cation," passed April 9,1866; and these sections aro
hereby made a part of this act; and any of the
aforesaid officers falling to institute and prosecute
such proceedings herein required shall, for every
such offense, forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to tho
person aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by an
action on the case, with full costs, and shall, on con-
viction thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and be fiued not less than $1,000 nor more than $5,000.
Sec. 4. That no'eitizen possessing all other Quan-
tisations which are or may b e prescribed by law shall
bo disqualified for service as juror in auy court, na-
tional or State, by reason of race, color, or previ-
ous condition of servitude; and any officer or other
persons charged with a^y duty in the selection or
summoning of furors who shall exclude or fail to
summon any citizen for the reason above named,
shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed guiltv of a
misdemeanor a.nd be fined not less than $1,000 nor
moro than §5,000.
Sec. 5. That every discrimination against any cit-
izen on account of color by the use of the word
"white" in any law, statute, ordinance, or regula-
tion, is hereby repealed and annulled.
This specimen of special or case legisla-
tion adds another to the long list of class
enactments which the party in power have at-
tempted to foistupon the people of the United
States, and in urging the passage of their
iniquitous schemes in this House and defend-
ing them before the people they have not
failed to besprinkle their appeals with words
dear to the human heart, such- as liberty,
humanity, justice, and eqiial rights 1 But, in
my opinion, their schemes will be discovered
on close scrutiny to be component parts of a
general plan of individual and party aggran-
dizement, while their catch-words and sen-
tences are merely used as screens to hide from
public view the rough angular machinery of
oppression which will work out their ambitious
aims.
The population of the United States, in
whose interest thia Congress is supposed to
sit, and whose servant it ought to be, amounts
to about forty millions. Thirty-two millions
or thereabouts of this population are de-
scendants of a race of men to whose intelli-
gence, industry, and physical strength the
world is indebted for nearly everything which
makes life desirable. The Caucasian or white
race have for thousands of years waged a
ceaseless war with the rough elements of
nature. Civilization, religion, and the fine
arts have been fostered, preserved, and per-
fected by this race, and all along the path-
way of history are enduring monuments of
their prowess and greatness. Step by step the
forests have disappeared; barrenness has
yielded to productiveness ; savage beasts and
still more savage men have be<-n destroyed
or driven from their path; death itself has
been defied, until now we find the very ele-
ments servants of our will, and the tarth
yielding bountifully in response to our indus-
try. Thirty-two millions of the people of these
United States are descendants ot this race.
About eight millions of our population are
descendants of another race of men known as
