1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
just half the price itwouldcostusathome. For
instance, when we order $1,000,000 worth of
iron rails from our own manufacturers and pay
for them on completion, we have remaining in
the country the $1,000,000 of money paid for
them and also the rails, making a total sum
of national wealth of $2,000,000. But if We
are offered twenty-five per cent, more rails by
foreigners, and we send our money abroad in
their purchase, we get back $1,250,000 worth
of rails, but our money lias gone forever. In
this latter case, then, we have only $1,250,000
of national wealth in the last transaction as
against $2,000,000 of national wealth in the
first one, being a net loss to the nation of
$750,000 in the purchase of the rails abroad,
and also a disappearance of the money sent
abroad in the purchase, a loss of the money
being a loss of the life blood of trade and com-
merce, which ifretained, here would havegiven
employment to thousands of laborers.
We imported into this country in the last
fiscal year $483,000,000 of dutiable, commodi-
ties, of which at least $.100,000,000, perhaps
more, could have been manufactured or pro-
duced here. If the tariff had been, as the
free-traders propose, a twenty-five per cent,
tariff, then, by importing instead of producing
them, we would have lost to the nation $225,-
000,000 which might have been kept at home to
be giver, as wages to our own artisans, and which
would have added to their comfort and hap-
piness as welt as to the capital and general
welfare of the country, and is consequently
a loss of wealth and productive power. If
wo had reserved the home market for only
$200,000,000 of those imports, we would have
saved $150,000,000 to the people, and still
have left enough dutiable iiuponations from
which to derive revenue for the expenses of
the Government.
But the free-traders say that although such
operations maybe to the benefit, of the nation,
yet they are a loss to the individual citizen.
This is not truo in the long run, for the pros-
perity of the nation and the prosperity of its
individual components are equivalents.
The prosperity of the nation is the aggregate
of individual prosperity. It might seem in the
case of the railroad company just mentioned
that it would be to its individual benefit that
it should buy its rails abroad ; but when we
reflect that these iron-rail mills are located on
railroads, and give employment to large num-
bers of hands, and require great quantities of
raw materials, which, with the finished pro-
duction, have to be carried over those railroads,
the freights ou commodities and receipts from
passengers carried to and from those mills
would, 1 doubt not., in all cases more than
counterbalance any supposed loss arising from
having to purchase rails at such mills at a
higher price than they might be bought for in
foreign markets.
Another fallacy of the free-traders is this,
that the duty on an imported commodity raises
the priee of that article, and that all such
commodities manufactured in this country will
rise in price to the same extent, and that we
have to pay not only the duty on the imported
article, but an advance in price on alt domestic
productions consumed of a similar character,
equal to suohaduty. I have already answered
the first part of this fallacy in showing that
duties do not necessarily raise prices, but that
in most cases the foreigner, if he wants to
enter into competition with ourmanufaclurers,
must pay the duty. The absurdity of the latter
part of the doctrine, however, is so well and
concisely stated by Dr. Elder, in his "Ques-
tions of the Day," page 230, that I repeat it
here. In speaking of this doctrine, he says:
" Let us try it through the entire range of its sup-
potfHil operation.
"The official value of all such foreign goods so
charged with import duties, which met the com-
petion of American goods in the year 1867-63, w.is
llTS,000,000; the aggregate duties amounted to
ยฃ85,400,000. an average of a small traction less than
forty-eight per cent. We have no authoritative esti-
mate of the value of such goods manufactured in the
United States in that year, but wo can guess. The
increase of the year 18G0 over 1850 was eighty-five per
cent; the product of I860 was SI,885,000,000 ; eighty-
live per cent will bo little enough, under all the cir-
cumstances, to add to the value of I860 for that of 1863.
This gives us $3,487,000,000 as the products of that
year, on which sum, according to this theory, a forty-
eight percent, increaseof cost to the consumers must
havo fallen, and therefore the duties charged upon
the foreign import surcharged the prices of their
domesticrivals $1,673,600,000, or nine and a half times
tho amount of the duties secured to the Treasury by
the system of raising revenues at the custom-houses I"
Who believes it ?
This shows the absurdity of their doctrine,
for if it were correct, then, as duties increase
the prices of the aggregate of commodities con-
sumed in the country, as well those manufac-
tured here as those imported, to eight or ten
times the amount of revenue raised by duties,
it is not only bad economy, but a wicked
administration of governmental powers to im-
pose any duties at all. If their theory be true,
all importations should be free, the navigation
acts protecting the coasting trade should be
abolished, Chinese labor should be systemat-
ically introduced, and revenue should be raised
by a system of internal direct taxation, with its
great host of assessors, collectors, and agents
all over the country, in greater numbers and
more inquisitorial in their powers than those
who are passing out of office by the gradual
withdrawal of the system under which the peo-
ple have become so restive. Their principle
means this, or it means nothing.
Other enlightened nations repudiate free
trade; why should ours adopt it? Both Eng
land and France, with whom wo have close
commercial relations, lay duties 011 our pro-
ductions; why should we not lay duties 011
theirs? The whole duties England realized
from customs last year were $104,000,Out),
almost one third of which, or $33,000,000,
was realized by duties 011 tobacco and soul!
alone, the most of it our production, being
more than gathered from all her imports 011 tea
and coffee, sugar and molasses. Jf we should
adopt free trade it would be a very one sided
affair, for England acknowledges no recipro-
city that does not inure to her own advantage.
If such immense burdens as those just indi-
cated are imposed upon the people, how does
it happen that the country, notwithstanding
the heavy debt laid upon it during the rebel
lion, is in such a prosperous condition ?
In looking around we see evidences of great
growth iu wealth and power. Manufactories
and the mechanic arts are everywhere flour-
ishing, and every man who desires it can obtain
an opportunity to labor and receive an ade-
quate reward. The internal commerce of our
country, says Secretary lioutw. 11, is fifteen
times as great as our foreign commerce, and
if we take into accounlall the exchanges from
one paity to another during eaeh year, it is,
says Carey, our greatest political economist,
fifty times as great- ft has been vastly aug
mented by the extension of the railroad sys-
tem, and that system has had reflected back
011 it an increased prosperity.
An additional evidence of the advance of
the nation under the system of protection is
to be found in the rapid increase of tho num-
ber of savings banks, depositors and deposits,
in the last tow years. These are the places
where are kept the savings of people in limited
circumstances. They are the indices of the
prosperity of the laboring classes.
In Massachusetts in 18'i]-02 the savings
banks numbered 93,'with 218,900 depositors
and So0,403,074 of deposits, being an average
of ยง202 50 to eaeh depositor, in 1S09-70
they had increased in number lo 131, with
431,709 depositors, $112,110,010 of deposits,
averaging $2-59.07 to each d"positor.
In the State of New York, in 1801-02 the
depositors in such institutions numbered
242,943, with $51,801,818 of deposits, being
an average of ยง213 to each individual, and
in the year 1870 the number of depositors
had increased to 051,474 and the deposits
to $194,300,217, or $298 to each depositor.
This aggregate and pro rata gain shows the
steadily increasing wealth of the country
under the fostering impulses of the protect-
ive system.
While the free-traders denouneo this advan-
cing prosperity of the whole country as inur-
ing to the benefit of a particular olass ; while
they say that it is pouring wealth into the
pockets of the manufacturers, they do not
notice that it is shared by the commercial
cities whose commerce keeps pace with protec-
tion to manufacturers by the increased ability
to purchase which protection gives to the
masses outside of those cities. Neither have
they ever yet given a satisfactory answer to the
question, "If manufacturing be such a profit-
able business, why do free-traders not enter
into competition wiili those 'bloated capital-
ists' and reap a portion of their enormous
profits?" It cannot be that they are more
virtuous, self-sacrificing, and patriotic than the
manufacturer, for businessmen seek their own
profit without much care as to the effect upon
the country. Capital always seeks profitable
employment, and if these clamorers for free
trade believed that they could make more
money in manufacturing than they can in their
chosen occupations, they would soon transfer
their capital to the better kinds of business.
They do not believe their own allegations.
This clamor for free trade or low duties does
not come from the tanner, tor lie knows that
his best market, is at home, and that ho can
get the highest priee for his products when lie
has manufactuiers near him to consume his
supplies. It does not come from tho mechanic
or artisan, for he is well aware that he cannot,
compel e with the low wages and cheap capital
offoieign countries. It does come, however,
from the manufacturing interests abroad and
the importing interests of the great commercial
cities ; from foreign houses and their agents
here, who know tha t the more unrestrained the
foreign commerce the greater will be their
profits. The New York World of September
13, 1871, says:
" A - a mntferof fact the leading foroiun commcrco
of Now "York, its most important banking business,
and us mo.stprospeious tiade'.uid m,inut, 10tares, ai 0
largely, indeed almost,overwhelmingly, 111 tlio hands
of citizens and residents of foreign birth."
So, too, the same newspaper of September
23, 1871, says :
" There if- 110 doubt that the Domoeratie party is a
frec-tiado paity; there i* no doubt, that the Repub-
lican paity i.s not a free trade party, nor is there
any reason to suppose tiiat it eati be made suoh."
From these acknowledgments and their
actions we know that the men who agitate
this doctrine of fice trade are the Democratic
party and the ioreigu manuf.ic'uiers who suek
a market here for tin ir surplus products, and
who know that if they can bieak down our
manufacturers by an inundation of cheap
goods, sold below the cost of production, they
can then taise their prices! ong before our manu-
factures can be reestablished, and cau amply
recompense themselves for any ptevioussae-
r.tices. They are the men of foreign extraction,
resident iu our sea-port cities, who come here
to make their fortunes as soon as possible and
return to their native land to enjoy their
wealth. They are men who have no sympa-
thies with our institutions, and who care
nothing for our prospeiity or adversity only
so far as it may atfeci the commeiee pass-
ing through their hands ami on which they
levy tribute. With them the heer the trade
the greater the piofit, and a flood of importa-
tions, resulting 111 debt and national bankruptcy,
would only add to their overgrown accumula-
tions.
On the oilier hand, the much-abused Penn-
sylvania!! uph'ilds a more liberal and a more
national principle. He maintains the princi-
ple that was practically upheld by Washington
when, on the day of his inauguration he wore
