1872.]
rAPPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
mi
42d Gong 2d Sbss.
Civil Bights—Mr- Mioe.
Ho.iof efips.
the African or negro. Their ancestors, from
time immemorial, led an idle, wandering, sav-
age life on the peninsula from which the name
ot the race is derived. When the continent
was discovered by the white race, and this
immense area of •fertile land capable of pro-
ducing the comforts of life for half the popu-
lation of the world was duly appreciated,
many of this thriftless race were taken from
the control of the barbarous oppressors of
their own country and placed at work on the
continent of America. Among the first, if
not the very first, to engage in bringing ne-
groes to this country and selling them into
slavery, and the last to give up this lucrative
business, were the Puritans of Massachusetts,
from whose descendants come the loudest cries
in favor of the social equality of the races.
These negroes were introduced as slaves into
all the colonies, but their labor <}id not'prove
remunerative in the more northern settlements,
and they gradually found their way to the
South, where the great majority of their de-
scendants still remain. I do not suppose that
the most blatant demagogue'or blinded fanatic
who is now urging the passage of the bill under
consideration would claim that these negroes
at the period of their introduction, in their
ignorance, their filth, and their laziness, should
have been placed upon a social equality with
those indomitable pioneers of industry and
plenty, of civilization and of Christianity, the
white settlers of our country.
As the labor of the negro under the control
and supervision of their white masters began
to produce more than they consumed, or in
other words, began to create wealth, the
negroes' condition was improved; the family
relation was introduced among them, and
they were taught the principles of honesty,
morality, and religion. As they proved them-
selves deserving, they were taken inta the
esteem, confidence, and patronage of the white
man, and this process is still going on as
rapidly as is consistent with- the interests of
either race. _
By the introduction of this civil rights
bill an effort is made to force an immature
and unnatural monstrosity upon our social
system, an attempt to reverse the decrees of
Providence. It. guaranties to the black man
no substantial right which he does not already
possess by law; it attempts to force on the
negro social responsibilities and piivileges
which he does not demand and cannot appre-
ciate, and which are beyond the reach of stat-
utory enactments. Iam therefore constrained
to search for some motive other than huraani-
tarianisin, or even friendliness toward the
negro, to account for this new outrage which
the so-called Republican party are attempting
to force upon the people of this country, lhe
motive can be found in the efforts at central-
ization which the Radical party have for years
past been attempting, and have almost sue
needed, in fastening upon the country.
The Freedmen'si Bureau, the civil rights bill
of 1866, military reconstruction of the south-
ern Stales, the usurpation of the jurisdiction
of State courts by the federal courts, the mil-
itary occupation of tlie South, the Ku Klux
bill, and others I care not now to enumerate,
are and were clearly intended to weaken tlie
power find influence of the State governments,
and to strengthen the hands of the minions of
executive dictation and Government patron-
age. But the last, most iniquitous, and the
meanest effort in the direction of centralisa-
tion essayed by the Radical J>arty is the
attempt to force this so-called civil rights bill
on the people of the States as their rule of
social life. By this'bill they threaten the
sacred precincts of our home firesides; they
attempt to dictate to us rules for our social
guidance—ati effort to interfere in our domestic
economy.
This bill in its fourth section renders the
continuance of State governmentsamere farce,
an empty show, a tax and a burden on the
industry of its people, for which no just, equiva-
lent, is returned. People do not submit to gov-
ernments for the mere sake of being governed;
but rather that in submitting to rules instituted
in the best interests of their whole community
they are most likely to secure cxaet justice
themselves. In forming the Federal compact
no authority was delegated to the General Gov-
ernment to interfere in the internal policy of
the States as long as their constitution and
laws guarantied a republican form of govern-
ment. A State government contains the whole
machinery necessary to their internal manage-
ment, a Legislature elected by and instructed
according to the desires of a majority of the
people enacts their laws, a judiciary appointed
or elected according to the wishes of tne peo-
ple to interpret these laws, and an executive
officer to see that the laws are faithfully carried
out.
Until the presentation of this so-called
civil rights bill it has been held by our
wisest jurists that under the tenth and all sub-
sequent amendments to the Federal Constitu-
tion .a majority of' the voters in each State
had a right to prescribe the necessary qualifi-
cations of their officers. This right has been
exercised without question by every State of
the Union, and'eitizens have been held ineligible
to office by the laws ol' one or more of the vari-
ous States upon the following grounds: youth,
want of education, poverty, imbecility, crimi-
nality, and race. This bill proposes to take
from the people the right to select their own
officers, and place it into the hands of a hired
agent of the General Government. The trial
by a jury of our peers, the very bulwark of our
personal security, the boast of our civilization,
is to be corrupted and placed under the control
of the Washington Government. Sir, if we pro-
pose to submit to this dictation in affairs which
concern the people of the States alone, and
are subjects of State control entirely, wpuld
it not be well to surrender to the United
States Government our State constitutions,
and abolish our State organizations, bowing in
humble submission to the one central power?
It would be hut just to the people to do so.
The expensive form of separate State govern-
ments would be worthless, the right to regulate
their internal policy having been usurped and
wrested from them by the Federal Government.
The first section of the bill I am now con-
sidering proposes to enact-
That no citizen of the United States shall, by
reason of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude, be cxeepted or excluded from the full and
equal enjoyment of any accommodation, advan-
tage, facility, 01- privilege furnished by innkeepers;
by common carriers, whether on land or "water; by
liconsed owners, managers, or lessees of theatres or
other places of public amusement; by trustees, com-
missioners, superintendents, teachei'3, and other offi-
cers of common schools and other public institutions
ot l&arning, the same being supported by moneys
derived from general taxation, or authorized by law:
by trustees and officers of cemetery associations, and
benevolent institutions incorporated by national or
State authority. But private schools, cemeteries,
and institutions of learning established exclusively
for white or colored parties, and maintained re-
spectively by voluntary contributions, shall remain
^coordingto the terms of the original establishment.
This section deprives the white population
of tb,e heretofore considered inalienable right
to choose their own companions and select
the associates of their wives and children. The
above section, if it becomes a law, will remove
all restriction on railroads, steamboats, stages,
street-cars, omnibuses, and every means of
public conveyance. In the northern States,
wliere the number of black people are in-
significant in comparison with the whites, the
.removal of all restriction on account of race
„will occasion but little inconvenience ; but in
tjhe South, where the number qf blacks almost
equal that of the whites, and in some States
actually outnumber them, this sudden. inao-
yation on our social customs will be severely
felt. The ignorance of the black man and his
consequent arrogance, his prejudice kindled
into activity by the false representations of
politicians and miserable demagogues seeking
his vote, will drive our mothers, sisters, and
daughters from the almost indispensable ad-
vantages of our public conveyances and amuse-
ments, and make these public institutions, so
far as they will be continued, the mere instru-
ments of pleasure and convenience to the negro
population. The necessary expenses of these
corporations of public conveyance are very
heavy, and t-o realize a sufficient profitto keep
them in efficient working order it is necessary
they should be generally patronized, - -
If this bill beepmes a law, and au attempt
be made to carry it out in -the ,Soutiij Jtbe loss
of white patronage will ,be severely felt^ our
passenger transportation will deteriorate ^com-
mercial transactions will be impeded, : pi'Qilue-
tion decreased,- wealth <iimipi?bedr the. diffu-
sion of a liberal intelligeaceamoag botfe whites
and bla,cks restricted, and both r^ces-w-iil set-
tle down into a sullen hatred of each other
which will be. injurious to both, and react.with
bad effect upon-the couutry at lfirge. i
The effect will be the same on ,our public
hotels and inns. . Under our present system
any individual, man, woman, or child, can
with confidence leave their homes, and to
any part of our widely .extended territory,
knowing that to whatever city or-town their
business or pleasure naay require them to stop
they will find in one of-these public hotels the
same comforts and attentions tliey would
receive at home with their own friends, with-
out danger of being associated on tertns of
social equality with an inferior race. You
throw open these asylums for the stranger iu
the South to all persons, without distinction
of race, and they will suffer the same deteri-
oration, with the same consequent effects, as
those enumerated in considering our ptfblic
conveyances.
But the most ungenerous and • infamous
clause in the first section of this bill is where
it contemplates inflicting the outrage of mixed
schools The adoption of this bill will result
in the destruction of the system of common
schools now in operation in many of the Stales.
The State I have the honor in part to repre-
sent will never submit to mixed schools;
rather than do so, the white people of that
grand old State will abolish their school sys-
tem and trust the education of their children
to private schools.
The hostility of the white people of the late
slaveholding States to this scheme of social
equality and mixed schools does not arise from
any hatred they bear toward the negroes.
There is no one, not even the blindest fanatic,
that entertains more kindly or friendly feeling
for the blacks than their former owners ; none
that will more sincerely rejoice in the eleva-
tion of this race in the moral and intellectual
scale than they.
But suppose, in defiance of decency and of
the well-known wishes of the white people of
the States to be affected by this measure, the
majority in Congress, for the selfish purpose
of securing the votes of the negroes, force tho
passage of the bill, will it not remain inopera-
tive? The learned Blackstone, in his Com-
mentaries on English Law, in explaining the
continuance of certain feudal writs and forms
of legal processes two hundred years after the
feudal system had ceased to exist, says to this
effect: that the attempt to abolish them by
parliamentary enactments had signally failed.
The ancient custom was so thoroughly estab-
lished in the habits of the people that at first
the enactments were eluded, and finally openly
disregarded. If the attempt to inaugurate
sadden innovations in the customs ot a peo-
