1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3337
about the wording particularly, provided the
object is accomplished. .
Mr. MOORE. I would suggest that the
amendment read to this effect: •' that nothing
in this section shall prevent any widow of a
deceased soldier from applying for a pension
again, nrovided she has remarried and has
again become a widow." That is the word-
ing of the law.that formerly existed, that any
widow of a soldier who has remarried and
is again a widow can make application for her
pension to be renewed and receive it if she is
in indigent circumstances.
Mr. WHEELER. Was there such a law as
that?
Mr. MOORE. That was always the iaw
until the fall of 18G2. Uutil that time the
law provided that if the widow of a soldier
married again, and again became a widow after
the second marriage, or the third marriage, or
the fortieth marriage, if she was again in in-
digent circumstances her claim was considered
and her pension revived. That was the law
down to 1862.
Mr. BINGHAM. Was it repealed then ?
Mr. MOORE. It was then repealed by a
provision declaring that in all eases where a
widow remarried she should first forfeit her
pension.
Mr. BINGHAM. Why not revive that law?
Mr. MOORE. I am willing to revive it.
Mr. WHEELER. I do not see that it will
be any better than the amendment I have pro-
posed.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Let the
amendment be again read.
The amendment moved by Mr. Wheeler
was again read.
Mr. MOORE. I think it should read " that
her pension shall revive on her agaiu becom-
ing a widow, provided she is in iudigeut cir-
cumstances."
Mr. WHEELER. I do not know that I have
any objection to that.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I hope that
suggestion will not prevail, that a woman
must be poor to be entitled to a pension.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is a misunder-
standing as to the effect of this amendment.
Some gentlemen about me have suggested that
it is a provision giving a premium to a widow
who has remarried, if her husbaud is worthless
or poor, to kill him in order to get her pen-
sion revived. Is that the effect of the amend-
ment?
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. There is no
such provision in the bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to offer the
following substitute for the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wheeler:]
Provided, That no widow of a deceased soldier
shall forfeit, or be considered to have forfeited, her
right to a pension by a subsequent marriage or mar-
ri.iges except during the existence of such subse-
quent marriage or marriages.
I think that covers the whole question and
will relieve the law of all ambiguity. * I ask
consent that it may be entertained.
Mr. WHEELER. I object, to that.
Mr. MOORE. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler] will,
I have no doubt, when properly understood,
be satisfactory to the House.
The SPEAKER. There are two amend-
ments pending to that amendment, one odered
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Earxs-
worth,] and the other by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Speer.]
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I withdraw
my amendment for the purpose of enabling
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blaiu] to
offer his, if that will give him the right.
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I think his
amendment preferable to that of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I will withdraw my
amendment if that of the gentleman from
Missouri will take its place.
The SPEAKER. It will. The gentleman
from New York has offered an amendment in
the nature of a proviso to be added to the
section. This proposed proviso will be read
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided further, That whenever a widow shall
forfeit her pension by reason of marriage, her pen-
sion shall revive upon the death of her second hus-
band.
Mr. MOORE. I want to amend that so as
to provide that " the pension shall revive on
her becoming a widow, provided itisappatent
to the Pension Bureau that she is in indigent
circumstances." This will cover the whole
case, and will conform to the law as it now
stands. I understand the gentleman from
New York is willing to accept this as a modi-
fication of his amendment.
Mr. WHEELER. Personally I would be
glad to support the amendment of the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] but I am
satisfied that even if the House were willing to
go to that extent, the Senate is not. If we
make the step in advance proposed by my
amendment, it will be so much gained. My
object is to provide for a class of widows in
indigent circumstances.
Mr. KING. I object to any amendment
that contemplates giving a pension on the
ground of divorce. There are too many di-
vorces now. 1 am in favor of repressing
raiher than encouraging them.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. This does
not involve the question of divorces at all.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask, for informa-
tion, whether this is the last morning hour the
Committee on Invalid Pensions will have?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on In-
valid Pensions being reached yesterday dur-
ing the morning hour on the call for private
bills, obtained leave by unanimous consent to
report this bill—a public measure. It is in
the morning hour on privatebill day, and will
so continue until disposed of.
Mr. BECK. Perhaps there may be so many
amendments as to cut off any chance of doing
anything else.
The SPEAKER. The bill goes over from
one private bill day to another uutil disposed of.
The amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wheeler] as modified will be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
And vrovided further, That whenever a widow
shall forfeit her pension by reason of marriage, her
pens-ion shall revive upon her again becoming a
widow whenever it shall appear to the satisfaction
of the pension department that she is in indigent
circumstances.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The pension
law now does not require that a widow, in
order to obtain a pension, shall prove that she
is m indigent circumstances. It floes require
parents to make snch proof when applying
for pensions on account of the death of a son
in the service ; but that does not apply to a
widow. 1 think that we ought not to require
of a widow after a second marriage any more
than we require of a widow after a first mar-
riage.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Missouri offers the following amendment as a
substitute:
Provided, No widow of a deceased soldier shall
forleit or be considered to haveforleited her right to
a pension by a subsequent marriage or marriages
except during the existence of such subsequent
ni^mage or marriages.
Mr. MOORE. I demand tellers on that
amendment.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I demre to make a sug-
gestion ; that is the proposition which I stated
a few minutes ago offered a premium for wives
who wished to draw pensions to take the lives
of their husbands.
A Member. Poison them.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Yes, poison them, or
cut their throats. If they are indigent it otters
a premium to get rid of their husbands. 1 do
not believe we should adopt either, for while
one amendment offers a premium to celibacy
the other offers a premium to murder.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. That is the reason why
he should vote for it. He has voted to encour-
age prostitution, why not now encourage mur-
der. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I voted entirely on the
gentleman's motion and through his solicita-
tion.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I rise to a parliamentary
explanation. I have said the gentleman voted
in favor of prostitution. It appears he voted
with me in the minority of the House against
prostitution, instead of in its favor, and I am
glad he did so.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 43,
noes 69.
Mr. RANDALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment of Mr. Blair, of Missouri,
to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LAMISON. I move the following
amendment:
Provided, The provisions of this aot shall be held
to include teamsters enlisted in the service of the
United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is that germane to
the pending question?
The SPEAKER. It is not germane to the
pending amendment and will be withheld for
the present.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman from New York will strike out in
his amendment the words " indigent circum-
stances."
Mr. MOORE. I wish to have a vote on the
pending amendment. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish merely to
say one word in reference to the pending
amendment, and I hope it will be voted down.
We now pension a widow because she lost her
husband in the service of the country, and
this amendment extends the same privilege if
she did not lose a husband in the service. To
adopt the ameudment is to extend the pension
system to widows who have not lost their hus-
bands in the service. Where a widow of a
soldier afterward marries, and the case is one
of great hardship, Congress has never jet re-
fused to pass a special act, and all such special
cases of hardships ought to be remitted to Con-
gress for its action, leaving the general law to
stand as it is.
Mr. MOORE. T insist on my demand for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question recurred on Mr. Wheeler's
amendment as modified.
The Clerk read the amendment, as modified,
as follows:
And provided further. That whenever a widow
shall forfeit her pension by reason of marriage, hor
pension shall revive upon her again becoming a
widow, whenever it shall appear to the satisfaction
of the pension department that she is in indigent
circumstances.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
59, noes 56 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Wheeler
and Mr. Eldredge tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 73, noes 50.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the eighth section, as fol-
lows.
Sec. 8. That in the administration of the pension
laws, children born before the marriage of their
parents, if acknowledged by the lather before or
alter the marriage, shall be deemed legitimate.
Mr. DAWES. Has not the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union to resume the consideration of
the tariff and tax bill.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee cm
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
