2442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
alike on the line of the road have strained
every nerve to complete this road. The poor
mechanic with his five dollars and the rich
man with his $1,000 have all joined together
to aid in building this road. It has been con-
structed so far, but we do not know how to get
the money in order to complete the remaining
portion without these lands.
Mr. COX. I beg to say to the gentleman that
I have received a petition, which I have pre-
sented this morning, from fifteen hundred poor
citizens of the United States, asking Congress
to see to it that every one of these grants of
lands shall be most carefully scrutinized. I
believe, in behalf of the people, we ought to
scrutinize every one of these land-grants before
the title is given to these corporations and
taken away from the people. For myself, I
will vote to repeal all the grants from the
beginning as being the wiser and better policy.
Sir. CONGER. I asked the other day for
the strictest scrutiny in regard to this matter,
and desired to have the bill set down for con-
sideration at a given time, in order that there
might betbe fullest investigation. I did so
because I believed in the pertect justice of the
claim. If I did not, I venture to say that
gentlemen .will not suppose I would advocate
it on this floor.
Mr. DUNNELL. If I may be allowed a
single word in this discussion, I will say that
I understand the state of the case to be this:
we seek to transfer these lands, which were
given for the construction of a certain quantity
of road, to the company which has built the
road. The Government has ceased to have
control of them. The Government regards
them as in possession of the State. And now
because of a change in the company, because
it has another name than it had when the work
began, we are a^ked to transfer the grant to
this company under a new name, the company
which has really done the work. I think there
cannot be a stronger case.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. Ddsnell] a ques-
tion. ll'the land is vested in the State, why does
not the State make provision for the transfer
of this property from the one company to the
other ? Both companies have been organized,
as 1 understand, under State authority.
Mr. DUNNELL. Because by the Legisla-
ture of the State these lands were pledged to
another company with another name.
Mr. CONGER. I will answer the question
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall.] The board of control in our State
has the authority to transfer the lands from one
company that lails to another that does the
work. That board of control states in the
report which was read to the Ilouse that not
having done that prior to the lapse of time,
they are under some uncertainty whether, as a
board, they ought to do it. They say that this
company ought to have the lands, and they
ask Congress to do what they would be glad
to do themselves if they had the power.
„ The rules were suspended, (two thirds
voting in favor thereof,) and the bill was
passed.
f ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr SAWYER rose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Sawyer] is recognized by the
Chair, but yields to allow the introduction of
bills by gentlemen who were not in their seats
when their States were called.
heirs of alexander watson.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported back a bill (H. R. No. 2305) for the
relief of Jane Allen Birckhead and Virginia
Campbell, sole heirs at law of Alexander Wat-
son ; which, with a report in writing, was re-
committed to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
public builbing at hartford.
Mr. STRONG, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2305) to provide
means for carrying out the provisions of an act
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to
erect a building for the post office, &c., at
Hartford, Connecticut; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
MARCUS RADISII.
Mr. STRONG also, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee of Claims
the papers in the case of Marcus Radish, and
moved that the Committee, of Claims be dis
charged from the further consideration of the
same, and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2306) to remove
the political disabilities of N. R. Eaves, of
Chester county, and J. N. McElvee, sr., of
York county, South Carolina; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
ERASTUS C. HERRICK.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2307) granting a pen-
sion to Erastus C. Herrick; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
CERTIFICATES OF DISCHARGE.
Mr. DUELL also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2308) to authorize
the Secretary of War to furnish a duplicate
certificate of discharge where the same has
been lost: which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
CONESTOGA INDIANS.
Mr. DUELL also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 134)
declaring the title to certain lands to be in the
Conestoga Indians; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL 01? POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. ELLIOTT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2309) to relieve
James D. Tradewell of political disabilities;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
IilGHT OF WAY.
Mr. PEIiCE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2310) granting the
right of way through the public domain, and
for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Railways and Canals, and ordered to be
printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. PERCE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2311) to relieve
certain persons therein named of political dis-
abilities; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
REVISION OF PENSION LAWS.
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2312) to revise, con-
solidate, and amend the laws relating to pen-
sions ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
J. M. RANDALL.
Mr. MOORE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 135)
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to appoint
Dr. J. M. Randall an assistant surgeon in the
Navy; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
DDNSTON RIVER, MAINE.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2313) to authorize tho
construction of a bridge over the tide-water of
Dunston river, in the State of Maine; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
REVIVAL OF NAVIGATION INTERESTS.
Mr. LYNCH also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2314) to revive the
navigation and commercial interests of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM DADD.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2315) for the relief
of William Dadd ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
arms for militia.
Mr. SHELDON, by unanimous consent,
presented a statement from the ordnance de-
partment relating to the manufacture and issue
of arms for the militia; which was referred to
the Committee on the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
PLATTSBUltG, SEW YORK.
Mr. ROGERS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War is respect-
fully requested to communicate to this House his
opinion of the expediency of selling fifty acres of
the northern portion of the garrison lands, and of a
right of way through lands connected with the
military barracks at Plattsburg, New York.
SIGNAL SERVICE.
Mr. BIRD, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint, resolution of the Legislature of
the State of New Jersey, asking an additional
appropriation for the signal service; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
- LEPAGE BROTHERS.
Mr. SHOBER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2316) to refer the ease
of Lepage Brothers to the Court, of Claims for
adjustment and settlement; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
MARTHA L. IIAMBLETON.
Mr. FRYE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee of Claims, reported back a bill (H.
R. No. 2126) for the relief of Martha L. Ham-
bleton ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
DEPREDATIONS ON FRONTIERS OF TEXAS.
Mr. HANCOCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint lesolution (H. R. No. 136)
appointing commissioners to inquire into dep-
redations on the frontiers of theState of Texas ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The preamble states that there are com-
plaints of many depredations having been com-
mitted for several years past upon the frontiers
of the State of Texas by bands of Indians and
Mexicans who crossed the Rio Grande river
into the State of Texas, murdering the inhab-
itants or carrying them into captivity, and de-
stroying or carrying away the property of the
citizens of said State ; also that bands of In-
dians have committed and continue to commit
like depredations on the property, lives, and
liberty of the citizens along the northern and
northwestern frontiers of said State.
The joint resolution therefore authorizes
and empowers the President of the United
States to appoint three persons to act as com-
missioners to inquire into the extent and char'
acter of the depredations, by whom commit'
