598
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL' CkLOBE.
[May 29,
Ho. of Reps.
Civil Rights—Mr. Rice.
42d Cons....2b Sess.
pl'e, even in the civil exchange of property,
and by the authority of a monarchical Govern-
ment, so signally failed, what have you to hope
for in attempting by legislative enactments, by
the mere scratch of a pen, to revolutionize the
social system of" a people which has been per-
petuated among them for two centuries, and
under a republican form of government?
Gentlemen who have urged the passage of
this measure have declared that the opposition
of the white people of the South to this and
other measarea calculated to degrade them to
the level of the negro arises' from prejudice.
Prejudice, according to Webster, meansunrea-
sonable prepossession. Is it fair to apply this
opprobrious epithet to the southern people?
Is not their opposition to this bill based upon
the results of observation and experience?
Are they not better able to judge of toe effects
of a commingling of the two races than peo-
ple spending most of their time in the North,
where the opportunity to form a correct opin-
ion as to the effects of this admixture is very
limited? The experience of the southern peo-
ple in regard to the associating together of
whites and blacks is, that the character of the
whites Suffer a marked deterioration, with but
little if any improvement in the blacks.
It is a well-known fact in the South that if
a white man sinks so low in the estimation of
his neighbors as to be compelled to seek com-
panionship among the blacks he is beyond
the reach of reformation ; not but that under
favorable circumstances it is possible for him
to become a good citizen, but that reform
under the associations he has formed isimpos-
sible.
The seeond section of this bill further enacts:
Thfit any person violating any of the provisions
of the foregoing section, or aiding in their vio-
lation, or moiling thereto, shall, for every such
offense, forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to tho per-
son arerl&'ved thereby, to be recovered in an action
on th-e caste; with full costs; find shall also, for every
such offenso, bo deemed gailty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof shall be fined not loss
than #500 nor more than 81,000, or shall be impris-
oned not less than thirty days nor mort than one
year! Provided, That tho party aggrieved shall
not collect more than one penalty : and whon tho
offense is a refusal of burial, tho penalty may be
recovered by the heirs-at-law of the person whoso
body has been refusod burial.
If we wanted for examples of pure class
legislation or proscriptionary enactments, the
two sections of this bill already quoted would
furnish a sufficiont precedent for the most
unjust and tyrannical laws which is possible
for the conception of the most unscrupulous
men.
Suppose a lady enters a railroad car and
partially occupies the only vacant seal. Sup-
pose a dirty, impudent negro takes his seat
at h'er side; if she should complain to tlie
conductor of the unpleasantness of her posi-
tion, and by so doing incite him to remove the
negro, the lady would subject herself to the
penalties of the second section of this bill.
The penalty would be $500 damages to the ne-
gro, and in addition ft tine to the Government
of not less than $500 nor more than $1,000 ;
or if the lady is unable to raise this amount of
money, she shall be imprisoned not less than
thirty days nor more than one year.
Is not the penalty here inflicted out of all
proportion to the offense? Is there another
like example of oppressiveness to be found in
the statute-books of our country? The Amer-
ican woman can travel with confidence and
security all over her native land without fear
of improper intrusion, insult, or violence. She
has for defense her appeal to the better class
of men, wherever she may be. In that she has
strength ; in that she has perfect protection.
By the legalization of these enormous pen-
alties she is deprived of her only defense.
Wherever she may be, in the presence of the
negro she must feel herself entirely at his
mercy.
This disgraceful imposition seems especially
aimed at. the comfort and happiness of the
vrhite women and children of the South; The
sensibilities of woman are more acute than
man's. Her affections are marie absorbing,
her bereavements more lasting, her love more
demonstrative.' It is her devotion which
•makes the graves of her friends sacred ; that
woos the green grass to cover the mound ;
that fills the abode of death' with the sweet
perfume of flowers. According to the second
section of this bill, if a wife, a sister, or a
mother, in following the best in'stincts of her
nature, and in manifesting her natural exclu-
siveness, objects to the dead body of a negro
being laid side by side with her own departed
friend; objects, in the sensitiveness of her
nature, to the dust of the rude African mitiglitig
even in the ground with that of her lamented
husband, loved brother, or innocent cliild ;
if these, her objections and appeals, should
exclude the body of the black from burial
among her friends, she would forfeit to the
heirs-at-law of the dead negro $500, with an
additional fine to the Government of not less
than $500 nor more than $1,000 ; or if unable
to raise lhn money, she will be imprisoned not
less than thirty days nor more than one year.
This section requires no further comment
here; its own palpable, inherent cruelty is
sufficient to brand it withiufamy for all coming
time.
The third section reads:
That tho same jurisdiction and powers are hereby
conferred and tho same duties enjoined upon such
courts and officers, insoctions three, four, five, seven,
and ten, of an act entitled "An act to protect all
persons in tho United States in their civil rights,
and to furnish tho moans of their vindication,"
passed April 9, ISOb; and these sections are hereby
made part of this act, anil any of the aforesaid offi-
cers failing to institute and prosecute such proceed-
ings herein required, shall, for every such offense,
forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to the persons
aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by an action on
tho case, with full costs, and shall, on conviction
thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be
fined not lose than $1,000, nor more than $5,000.
If it is the settled purpose of the party now
in power to abolish State governments, to cen-
tralize all authority in the hands of the Ad-
ministration, to deny to the people any voicc
or influence bearing up6n the character of the
laws under which they are to live, the con-
struction of this section does the party credit.
Bnt if we are to remain a federation of States,
with power to regulate our internal affairs con-
sistently with the provisions of Our general
Constitution, then the provisions of this section
cannot be put into practical operation. If a
State is to be allowed any control over its own
affairs, or any judicial authority, it will cer-
tainly be in such internal local customs as
do not, in any way concern the people of any
other St^te. Among these internal local mat-
ters may bo enumerated corporations estab-
lished' by State law for the convenience, com-
fort, or pleasure of the people in various local-
ities, such as hotels, schools, benevolent insti-
tutions, passenger transportations, and ceme-
teries.
The regulation of these institutions has,
since the formation of the General Govern-
ment, been conceded to be the exclusive pre-
rogative of the different State governments.
There is no precedent to the contrary, and the
Constitution confers no right or power 6n the
General Government to regulate or interfere
in the control of these matters. The third
section of this bill proposes to take out of the
hands of the State all jurisdiction in cases
relating to these local establishments, and place
them under the control of the United States
officers. Issues arising in the operation of
these institutions must be settled in the United
States and not in State Courts. Now, I would
ask if the central Government usurps the power
of adjudication in cases arising in the domestic
economy of purely State establishments, and
between two citizens of the same S'tate, and in
no way involving the interests or convenience
of any citizen of any other State or country,
what is left of State jurisdiction? I will an-
swer, nothing but an empty show, a cloak
which bnt poorly conceals from the people for
a time the fact'that they have lost their inde-
pendence, that they are in the strong grasp of
a centralized despotism.
I would also call attention to the fact that
United States officer's are appointed and re-
tained in power by executive authority, and
owe no responsibility to the people, and may
have no regard for the customs of the locality
where they are called upon to officiate. As
long as they cater to the ambition or prejudice
of those who hold sway at Washington they
are secure in their places. But even if those
appointed should prove to be just and honor-
able men, willing to put an equitable and
charitable construction on the odious measure
under consideration, the penalties to which
they would lay themselves liable are so' heavy
and disproportioned as to deter the most
worthy.
Section four of this bill provides as follows:
That no citizen possessing all other qualifica-
tions which are or may be prescribed by law, shall
be disqualified for service as juror in any court, na-
tional or Stale, by reason of raoe, color, or previous
condition of servitude; and any officer or other per-
son charged with any duty in the selection or sum-
moning of jurors, who shall exclude or fail to
summon any citizen for the reason above named,
shall, on eonvietion thereof, be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and be fined not less than $1,000 nor
more than $5,000.
The Republican party assume to be and are
the patioris of the negio race'. Its leaders
tell them so, through the twenty thousand
mouths of its officeholders in the South. It
is constantly proposing and carrying out
schemes for their advancement to power, and
to degrade and humiliate the whites of that
section. The negroes are led to believe, and
do believe that the party at present in power
are their friends, and those who oppose that
party thtir enemies. The Administration can
now command the negro support for any pur-
pose it may desire. The aim of the Adminis-
tration seems to be absolute sway and power.
There are but two means of obtaining this,
either by war or by the enactment and con-
struction of laws by its own officers, in its
own interest. War is out of the question!
Exhausted as they are, bound hand and foot
by recent amendments to the Constitution and
congressional enactments, the white people
of the South cannot now resist, no matter how
much you may oppress them. They will there-
fore give you no excuse to carry out your
schemes of plunder by war and bloodshed.
You have but one resort, and that is by
usurping control of the judiciary department
in the South, for the bill under consideration
will not materially affect, and probably is not
intended to affect any other but the late slave-
holding States. In the first sections of this
bill you have placed the construction of law
in the hands of the United States officers, and
in the section I am now considering you have
placed in the jury-box, to decide on the facts,
your protege, the negro. If this bill should
become a law, I cannot see what further legis-
lation the Radical party could devise or the
Administration need to carry out any-scheme
it may desire, no matter how oppressive.
But there are things which are held in some
degree of respect by even the most despotic
and cruel Governments on earth. Among
them is human life. In all Governments of
to day something like a show of a fair trial is
given a man before lie is deprived of life.
But by the operation of this bill you place
negroes in the jury-box of the South to try
white citizens for their lives, as well as for
other penalties. 'Who that knows anything
i of the disposition and history of the African
