1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3339
If there be no objection, the request will be
granted.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
public building at memphis.
Mr. VAUGHA.N obtained leave to have
printed in the Globe some remarks he had
prepared touching the necessity of a public
building in the city of Memphis, Tennessee.
[See Appendix.]
CODIFICATION OF PENSION LAWS.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent
that the session of Monday evening next be
set apart for the consideration of the bill
codifying the pension laws, in order that it
may be taken out of the morning hour.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I object, and call
for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is to
go into Committee of the Whole.
tariff and tax bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, and resumed the
consideration of House bill No. 2822, to re-
duce duties on imports, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House,
all debate on the first section of the bill will
close in one minute.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to add to the
section the following:
On steel in ingots, bars, coils, chains, and steel
wires not less than one fourth of one inch in diam-
eter, valued at seven cents per pound or less, one
and three quarter cents per pound.
Mr. DAWES. *ts that amendment now in
order ? Steel is in the next section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order at this
Mr. BURCHARD. I offer it as an inde-
pendent proposition, to come in after the first
section and before the second. Is it not in
order in that form ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the proposition of the gentleman, but is of
opinion that the committee having placed the
subject-matter in another portion of the bill, it
should be considered in that place.
Mr. BURCHARD. I would suggest to the
Chairman that I do not see steel in the second
section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes it
would be included in the clause relating to
"all iron, and all manufactures of iron of
which iron is a component part;" or the next
clause, which speaks of " all metals."
Mr. BURCHARD. As I understand, the
Treasury Department does not hold that steel
is a manufacture of iron, ok a manufacture
of which iron is a component part.
The CHAIRMAN. Then it would cer-
tainly come under the eighteenth line, " on
all metals not herein otherwise provided for."
The Chair sustains the point of order.
The Clerk reiii the first paragraph of sec-
tion two, as follows :
Sec. 2. That on and after the day and yoar when
this act shall take effect, in lieu of the duties im-
posed by law on the articles in this sGction enum-
erated, there shall be levied, collected, and paid on
the goods, irarcs, and merchandise in this sec-
|lon, enumerated and provided for, imported from
loreign countries, ninety per cent, ot the several
duties and rates of duty now imposed by law upon
said articles severally, it being the intent of this
section to reduce existing duties on said articles ten
per cent, of such duties ; that is to say.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend by striking
°ut from line one to line twenty-five of the
second section and inserting ia lieu thereof
what I send to the Clerk.
The substitute of Mr. Beck, which was not
fead, is as follows:
That on and after the day and year when this act
shall take effect, in lieu of the duties imposed by
on the articles in this section enumerated, there
snail be levied, collected, and paid on the goods,
^ares, and merchandise in this section enumerated
{fd provided for, imported from foreign countries,
^ *0il°wing rates of duty, to wit:
vn bar iron, rolled or hammered, comprising flats
not less than one inch or more than six inches wide,
nor less than three eighths of an inch or more than
two inches thick; rounds not less than three fourths
ot an inch nor more than two inches in diameter;
and squares not less than three fourths of an incli
nor more than two inches square, three fourths of
one cent per pound.
i rolled or hammered, comprising fiats
less than three eighths of an inch or more than two
inches thick, or less than one inch or more than six
inches wide; rounds less than three fourths of an
inch or more thun two inches in diameter; and
squares less than three fourths of an inch or more
than two inches square, one cent per pound: Pro-
vided, That all iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other
forms, less finished than iron in bars, and more ad-
vanced than pig iron, except castings, shall be rated
as iron in bars, and pay a duty accordingly: And
provided further, That none of the above iron shall
pay a less rate of duty than thirty per cent, ad
valorem.
On all iron imported in bars for railroads and in-
clined planes, made to patterns and fitted to be laid
down on such roads or planes without further man-
ufacture, sixty cents per one hundred pounds.
On round iron in coils, three sixteenths of an inch
or less in diameter, whether coated with metal or
not, one and three fourths cents per pound.
On insulated wire, whether of iron or copper, and
covered with gutta-percha or other insulating ma-
terial, and on submarine and other telegraph and
electric cable of every kind, for use exclusively in
telegraphy, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On iron wire, bright, coppered, or tinned, drawn
and finished, not more than one fourth of an inch in
diameter, not less than No. 16 wire gauge, one and
three fourths cents per pound ; over No. 16 and not
over No. 25 wire gauge, $3 50 per one hundred
pounds; over No. 25 wire gauge, four dollars per
one hundred pounds: Provided, That wire cov-
ered with cotton, silk, or other material, shall pay
five cents per pound in addition to the foregoing
rates: And provided further, That all wire rope
and wire strand, made of iron wire, either bright,
coppered, galvanized, or coated witn other metals,
shall pay the same rate of duty that is now levied
on the iron wire of which said rope or strand
is made; and all wire rope and wire strand, made
of steel wire, either bright, coppered, galvanized, or
coated with other metals, s>hall pay the same rate
of duty that is now levied on the steel wire of which
said rope or strand is made.
On spiral iron-wire springs for furniture, one and
three fourth cents per pound.
On sheet iron, common or black, not thinner than
No. 2owire gauge,onecentperpound; thinnerthan
No. 2o wire gauge, one and one fourth cents per
pound.
On tin plates and iron galvanized or coated with
any metal by electric batteries, or otherwise, two
cents per pound.
On all band, hoop and scroll iron, from one half
inch to six inches wide, not thinner than No. 20
wire gauge, onecent per pound.
On all band, hoop, and scroll iron thinner than
No. 20 wire gauge, one and one-fourth cents per
pound.
On slit rods, one and one fourth cents per pound;
and on all other descriptions of rolled or hammered
iron, not otherwise provided for, one cent per pound.
On locomotive tire, or parts thereof, two cents per
pound.
On mill-irons and mili-cranks of wrought iron,
and wrought iron for ships, stfeam engines, ana
locomotives, or parts thereof, weighing each twenty-
five pounds or more, one and one half cents per
pound.
On anvils, two cents per pound
On iron cables or cable chain3, or parts tberecdf,
one and three fourths cents per pound.
On chains, trace-chains, halter-chains, and fence-
chains, made of wire or rods, not less than one
fourth of one inch in diameter, one and one half
cents per pound; less than one fourth of one inch
in diameter, and not under No. 9 wire gauge, two
cents per pound; under No. 9 wire gauge, thirty
per cent, ad valorem.
On anchors, or parts thereof, one and one half
cents per pound.
On blacksmiths' hammers and sledges, axles, or
parts thereof, and malleable iron in castings, not
otherwise provided for, two cents per pound.
On wrought-iron railroad chairs, and wrought-
iron nuts and washers, ready punched, one and one
half cents per pound.
On bed-screws and wrought-iron hinges, one and
one half cents per pound.
On wrought board nails, spikes, rivets, and bolts,
one and three fourths cents per pound.
On horseshoe naita, four cents per pound.
On cut tacks, brads, or sprigs, not exceeding six-
teen ounces to the thousand, one and one halt cents
per thousand; exceeding sixteen ounces to the thou-
sand, three cents per pound.
On steam, gas, and water tubes and flues, of wrought
iron, two and one fourth cents per pound.
On screws,commonly called wood screws, two inches
or over in length, three cents per pound; less than
two inches in length, six cents per pound. .
On vessels of cast iron, not otherwise provided for,
and on andirons, sadirons, tailors' and hatters' irons,
stoves and stove-plates, of cast iron, one cent per
pound.
On cast-iron steam, gas, and water pipes, one cent
per pound. .
On cast-iron butts and hinges, two cents per
pound. ,
On hollow ware, glazed or tinned, two and three
fourth cents per pound.
manufactures of iron, not otherwise pro-
vided for, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On steel railway bars. one cent per pound; and on
all railway bars made in part of steel, three fourths
of one cent per pound.
On steel in ingots, bars, coils, sheets, and steel
wire, not less than one fourth of one inch in diam-
eter, valued at seven cents per pound or less, one
and one half cents per pound; valued at above seven
cents and not above eleven cents per pound, threo
cents per pound; valued at above eleven cento per
pound, four cents per pound.
On all skates, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem*
On all handsaws, not over twenty-four inches in
length, seventy-five cents per dozen, and, in addi-
tion thereto, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem$ over
twenty-four inches in length, one dollar per dozen
and twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On all back-saws, not over ten inches in length,
seventy-five cents per dozen, and, in addition
thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem; over ten
inches in length, one dollar per dozen, and, in addi-
tion thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
t On files, file-blanks, rasps, and floats of all descrip-
tions, not exceeding ten inches in length, ten cents
per pound, and, in addition thereto, twenty per
cent, ad valorem / exceeding ten inches in length,
six cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, fifteen
per cent, ad valorem.
On needles for knitting or sewing-machines, one
dollar per thousand, and, in addition thereto,twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
On iron squares, marked on one side, three cents
per pound; and on all other squares of iron or steel,
five cents per pound.
On all manufactures of steel, or of which steel
shall be a component part, not otherwise provided
for, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem: Provided,
That all articles of steel partially manufactured, or
of which steel shall be a component part, not other-
wise provided for, shall pay the same rate of duty as
if wholly manufactured.
On iron ores, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On all wools of the first class, defined by law, and
known as clothing wools, the value whereof at the
last port or place whence exported to the United
States, excluding charges in such port, shall be
thirty-two cents or less per pound, eight cents per
pound, and, in addition thereto, nine per cent, ad
valorem.
On wools of the same class, the value whereof at
the last port or place whence exported to the United
States, excluding charges in suoh port, shall exceed
thirty-two cents per pound, ten cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, eight per cent, ad valorem.
On wools of the second class, defined by law and
inown as combing-wools, and upon all hair of the
alpaca goat, and other animals, the value whereof
at the last port or place whence exported to the
United States, excluding charges in such port, shall
be thirty-two cents or less per pound, eight cents
per pound, and, in addition thereto, nine per cent.
ad valorem.
On woole of the same class, the value whereof at
the last port or place whence exported to the United
States, excluding charges in such port, shall exceed
thirty-two cents per pound, ten cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, ten per cent, ad valorem;
Provided, That upon washed and scoured wools of
the classes herein enumerated, in addition to the ad
valorem duty herein imposed upon such wool, if im-
ported unwashed, the specific duty upon washed
wool of the first class shall be twice, and upon
scoured wool of all classes three times the specific
duty to which such wool would be subjected if im-
ported unwashed: And provided further, That no
woofs imported from countries east of the Cape of ,
Good Hope shall pay a higher rate of duty than like
wools if imported from any other part of the world.
On woolen cloths, woolen shawls, and all manu-
factures of wool of every description made wholly or
in part of wool, not herein otherwise provided for,
forty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On flannels, blankets, hats of wool, knit goods,
balmorals, woolen and worsted yarns, and all man-
ufactures of every description, composed wholly or
in part of worsted, the hair of the alpaca goat, or
other animals, except such as are composed in part
of wool, not otherwise provided for, valued at not
exceeding forty cents per pound, sixteen cents per
pound; valued at above forty cents per pound and
not exceeding sixty cents per pound, twenty-four
cents per pound; valued at above sixty cents per
pound and not exceeding eighty cents per pound,
thirty-two cents per pound; valued at above eighty
cents per pound, forty ccnts per pound; and, in
addition thereto, upon the articles named in this
paragraph, thirty per cent, advalorem.
On endless belts or lelts for paper or printing-ma-
chines, sixteen cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, thirty per cent, advalorem.
On bunting, sixteen cents per square yard, and, in
addition thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On women's and children's dress goods and real or
imitation Italian cloths, composed wholly or in part
of wool, worsted, the hair of the alpaca goat, or other
animals? valued at not exceeding twenty cents per
square yard, five cents per square yard, and in addi-
tion thereto thirty per cent, ad valorem ; valued at
above twenty cents per square yard, six and
one half cents per square yard, and, m addition
thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem ; Provided,
That on all merinoes, poplins, and delaines, com-
posed wholly of worsted or wool, imported in the
gray or uucolored condition, the duty shall be he ten
per cent, ad valorem less than the aboveTates: And
provided further, That on all goods weighing four
ounces and over per square yard, the duty Shall ba
