1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2443
ted, their residence or country inhabited by
them, the persons murdered or earned into
captivity, the character and value of the prop-
erty destroyed or carried away, from what
portion of the State, and to whom the same
belongs.
The second section makes it the duty of the
commissioners, or a majority of them, as soon
as practicable, to proceed to the frontiers of
Texas and take testimony, under oath, of such
witnesses as may appear before them, after
having given notice for ten days previous, by
publication in the nearest newspaper, of the
time and place of their meeting, concerning
all such depredations when, where, by, and upon
whom committed, and to make up and trans-
mit to the President full reports of the invest-"
igation.
The third section declares that the commis-
sioners shall be entitled to receive as compen-
sation for their services ten dollars per day
each, and traveling expenses for and daring
the time they shall be engaged in said service;
and $6,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, is appropriated to pay the expenses
of the investigation.
Mr. HOLJIAN. It seems to me that the
adoption of this resolution is entirely unneces-
sary. The President can direct officers of
the Army to perform these duties without
incurring additional expense.
Mr. AMBLER. The gentleman from Indi-
'ana [Mr. Holman] will permit me to say that
this subject has been considered to some ex-
tent by the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
having been particularly in my charge as a
member of that committee; and I think the
resoiu.ion should be passed. It seems to me
the condition of things on the Texan frontier
requires such an investigation, and that the
mode proposed in the resolution will be very
inexpensive. I am of opinion that the mere
fact of the investigation will go very far indeed
to remedy the evils existing in that locality.
I hope that under the circumstances the gen-
tleman from Indiana will waive any objection
to the passage of the resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Army officers who are
stationed on the border certainly know all the
facts, and must have communicated to the
President such information as they have. ^
Mr. AMBLER. I do not know what facts
the Army officers may have in their posses-
sion ; but, they have not been communicated
to this House in such a form as to be avail-
able. _ . ,
Mr. SHANKS. This matter was referred
also to the Committee on Indian Affairs, by
whom I have been instructed to report it back,
and ask its reference to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, because we think it property
belongs to the latter committee. I was at the
same time directed to say that the measure
ought to pass. It has therefore the sanction
of two committees of the House.
The SPEAKER. ' If there be no objection,
the motion of the gentleman from lexas [Mr.
Hancock] will be considered as agreed to,
and the joint resolution passed._
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
0. w. cronk.
Mr KETCH AM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. K. No. 2317) authorizing
the President to appoint 0. W. Cronk a first
assistant engineer in the Navy of the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
improvement of tub mississippi river.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, presented a memorial of the St. Louis
Board of Trade, concerning the improvement,
of the Mississippi river; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
sale 0p arms to france.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. The Com-
mittee on Expenditures of the War Depart-
ment, to whom was referred for investigation
the resolution of the House relative to the
sale of arms during the French and German
war, have authorized me to submit a report,
and to move that the report, with the accom-
panying testimony, be printed.
The SPEAKER. Is there any resolution
accompanying the report?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. No, sir. The
minority of the committee desire leave to pre-
sent a report and to have it printed along with
the report of the majority.
Mr. ACKER. On behalf of the minority
of the committee, I desire to submit a report
and ask that it be printed in connection with
the report of the majority.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the two reports will be ordered to be printed
together; and the subject will be recommitted,
which will leave it within the control of the
committee.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
public lands in arkansas.
Mr. SNYDER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2818) to provide
for disposal of the public domain and to secure
homesteads to actual settlers within the State
of Arkansas ; which was read a first and secon d
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
bridge across arkansas river.
Mr. SNYDER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bilUH. R. No. 2319) giving the
consent of the United States to the erection
j of a bridge across the Arkansas river at Pine
Bluff, Arkansas; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
district sire department.
Mr. CHIPMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2320) to aid in
maintaining the fire department of the District
of Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. STOWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2321) to remove all
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution of the
United States from David Barber, Philip
Lockett, George C. Holt, Samuel Thompson,
John B. Allen, and George E. Deneal; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
bark a 1.
On motion of Mr. EAMES, by unanimous
consent, .a bill (S. No. 196) for the relief of
the owners of the bark A 1 was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
river and harbor appropriation bill.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. Speaker, I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of dis
charging the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the further consider-
ation of a bill (H. R. No. 2208) making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, _ and
completion of certain public works on rivers
and harbors, and for other purposes, and that
the bill be considered in the House under the
five minutes rule, all general debate being cut
The rules were suspended; and it was
ordered accordingly.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill for information be dispensed
W There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now before
the House, and will be considered under the
five minutes "rule.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to make
a brief statement in reference to this bill. The
appropriations have been divided, every line
almost in the bill embracing a separate appro-
priation. All of these items have been gone
over with great care by the Committee on
Appropriations, and the total amount, of ap-
propriations has been kept within $5,000,000,
which was all that it was thought could be
spared this year for the improvement of rivers
and harbors. I say this in order to express
the hope that the House will take a similar
view of the matter with the Committee on
Appropriations, and let the bill go through
as near as possible as it is in print. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations have agreed to it as
it came from the Committee on Commerce,
and that committee will allow it to pass through
with a few changes in the way of amendments
to be added at the end of the bill. I shall now
turn the bill over to the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Sawyer] and ask him to take
charge of it; and I hope the House will follow
him in its action.
Mr. SAWYER. I now ask that the bill be
read by paragraphs for amendments.^
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I move, in line fifty-nine,
to strikeout, "five" and insert "ten;" so it
will read, "for the improvement of White
River harbor, Michigan. $10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I move, in line sixty-three,
to strike out "twenty" and insert "fifteen;"
so itwillread, "for the improvement of Grand
Haven harbor, Michigan, $15,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the improvement of St. Mary's river and St.
Mary's falls canal, Michigan, $JOO.OOO, of which sum
$15,000 may bo applied to secure the right of way.
Mr. MOREY. I hope we will ha~e some
explanation from the Committee on Com-
merce in respect, to this large appropriation
of $300,000 for St. Mary's falls canal.
Mr. CONGER. This is a similar appro-
priation to that which has been made for the
last two years for the improvement of the
St. Mary's river and St. Mary's falls canal,
and it arises from the necessities of increased
trade, and in connection with the building
of the Northern Pacific railroad. A similar
appropriation has been made for the Louis-
ville canal. Last year the appropriation for
this purpose was $350,000.
Mr. MOREY. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Michigau whether a, large
grant of lands was not made for the construc-
tion of this canal?
Mr. CONGER. For the construction of
the original canal there was a grant made,
and the canal was built at that time of a
size proposed by the terms of the grant. In-
creased commerce and the increased size of
the boats on the upper lakes have rendered
that canal insufficient for the wants of com-
merce, and it has been enlarged the same as
the Louisville and other canals. This appro-
priation is for the purpose of enlarging the St.
Mary's canal and for the purpose of making a
new set of locks to meet the increased trade.
The business of that canal has increased so
largely that boats have been delayed therefrom
twenty-four td tweiity-six hours.
Mr. MOREY. I should like to have the
gentleman explain the necessity for the ap-
propriation of IplSjOGO to secure the right of
W<Mr." CONGER. The canal has been built
on a military reservation. The proposed en-
largement which has been going on renders it
necessary to acquire the right of way over lands
owned by private individuals. These lands
are needed for the purpose of straightening
this canal above and below the falls, and the
engineer corps recommend the making of this
appropriation for the purpose of compensating
