1872.
HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
They work, however, but six hours, and the
opponents of this measure express no horror
at the appropriation for them.
During three Saturdays of the last six weeks
I saw in Philadelphia these letter-carriers
going through driving sleet and rain and
snow to deliver thos§ missives which give such
pleasure as well as advantage to the comfort-
ably-housed people who receive them at their
doors. Nor does this labor inure only to the
business or richer classes. Its especial ben-
efits are to the poorer people, who are thus
saved the loss of perhaps half a day's pay if
compelled to walk a mile or two to the post
office to inquire for or deposit their letters.
In the larger cities many of these carriers
must travel twenty miles a day. What did
they get before the free-delivery system went
into operation? One cent a letter. Forwhat
that would now give I have only to refer to
page 17 of the Postmaster General's report.
There you will find that there were delivered
in 1871, 172,688,806 letters, and if the carriers
should now receive one cent per letter from
the people, as they did under the act of 1860,
their pay would reach the sum of $1,726,888.
That is about half a million dollars in excess
of what is provided for in this bill, and for the
fourteen hundred and nineteen carriers would
give fully $1,200 each.
Hundreds of newspapers have come to this
Congress urging on behalf of the people of
the cities where the carriers daily deliver
these letters that they shall be paid a compen-
sation more just and equitable than at present.
Nor these alone, Boards of Trade and Cham-
bers of Commerce in St. Louis, Chicago, Mem-
phis, and other cities have joined in the request.
Yet the Committee on Appropriations propose
to ignore this general sentiment.
My friend from Iowa [Mr. Palmer] answers
his own objection, that the free delivery sys-
tem is not self-sustaining. He admits that the
Post Office Department is not pelf sustaining.
It never was intended to be so. There are
but two self-sustaining Departments under the
Government, one the Treasury Department,
which collects our iuternal taxes and the duties
we levy, and the Patent Office, to which in-
ventors pay their large surplus of fees, but
which was never intended as a means to raise
money for the general expenses of the Gov-
ernment.
There are only thirteen States of the Union
and this District of Columbia where the post
office system pays its expenses. In the State
of Iowa, from which the gentleman comes, the
postal receipts are only $77,881 more than
the expenditures. Several States represented
by gentlemen who opposed this proposition
last year are largely in arrears in this particu-
lar. We pay out- of the Treasury to make
good the expenses in those States and appro-
priate many thousands yearly to extend new
post office routes to those living in the interior.
Yet their Representatives, session after ses-
sion, oppose a proposition for the benefit of
the people in the cities where free delivery is
established, avid where the receipts, as I shall
show, are decidedly in excess of the expendi-
tures. The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Tyner,] who made opposition last year, and
who will probably do so again, comes from a
State which is $64,770 behindhand in its postal
receipts.
But, sir, I assert that the letter-carrier sys-
tem is self-sustaining, and I have the figures
here to show it.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask a question ?
Mr. L. MYERS. If I have time the gentle-
man may ask me as many questions as he
pleases. Mr. Chairman, how much time have
I left?
The CHAIRMAN. Five minutes remain.
Mr. L. MYERS. Five minutes will hardly
bs enough for the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. E'ARNS WORTH. The whole amount
of local postage in the cities where this free
delivery is established is $758,000, while the
expense is $1,352,923. How, then, oan the
gentleman show that this letter-carrier system
is self-sustaining?
Mr. L. MYERS. It is all very well for the
gentleman to mention the receipts from local
letters alone. The whole expenses of the sys-
tem are $1,353,923 23. The gentleman will
see I give him the advantage of the odd cents.
The localpo3tage is $758,120 78. That is re-
ceived from the drop or two-cent letters alone.
So the people pay in this way all but $595,802
45. Then the increase of mail letters from
year to year has been wonderful, being far in
advance of the increase of population, not to
speak of the increase in box rents from the
richer merchants who still send for their let-
ters.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What rents does the
gentleman allude to ?
Mr. L. MYERS. The box-rents, which have
also increased largely under this system.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. It must have pre-
cisely the opposite effect.
Mr. L. MYERS. There the gentleman dif-
fers with the Postmaster General, who, on
March 31, 1870, in answer to a resolution of
the House, stated that these box rents for the
year ending June 30, 1869, were $114,018
greater than in 1863, notwithstanding the free
delivery of letters. The increase on local let-
ters proper in 1869 over 1868 was $190,185 06,
and in 1871 over 1870, $76,256 08. As regards
the cities of New York, Philadelphia, Balti-
more, Washington, and Boston, I have made
a comparison, and find the increase in letters
deliveied, local and other letters, amounts in
those five cities between 1864 and 1871 to
$1,436,000, which alone is more than is appro-
priated for the carriers. New York and Phil-
adelphia in 1871 paid in local postage alone
$20,000,000 over all expenses. Look now at
the workings of the system in Philadelphia.
In 1867 six million mail letters were delivered
there. This increased in 1871 to twelve millions;
and between the same years the local or drop
letters delivered increased from two and a half
to six millions ; the newspapers delivered from
seventeen hundred thousand to forty-five hun-
dred thousand. The carriers there collected
in last January fifty thousand letters per day,
and handled one hundred thousand ; and the
whole of this service in Philadelphia in Janu-
ary was $15,000, of which the drop or local
letters alone paid $14,000, and it is estimated
these only exhibit five sevenths of the receipts
attributable to the system.
But the cash receipts give but a faint idea
of its advantages. The frequent correspond-
ence between the people it affords gives bene-
fits, and frequently wealth, which no figures in
the Post Office Department can ever reach.
Before closing I would call the attention of
the committee to still another proof. On page
17 of the Postmaster General's repoit, we find
that last year there were fifty- seven more letter-
carriers than in the previous year, and on the
same page, a few lines below, the increased
postage on local matter alone is stated to be
$76,256, being more than $1,200 apiece for
each carrier added to the service.
Again, I ask, let us be just to these severely
tasked public servants. With the deductions
from their pay, not only for their uniforms,
but for compensation to substitutes when
their exposure brings on sickness, which is
seldom less than one month in the year, their
lot is not an easy one. A large proportion of
them of them, 1 learn, are soldiers. Many of
them have families to support, and if ever a
fair day's wages should be paid for a full and
more than full day's work, it is to these car-
riers who contribute so much to the benefit of
the people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed for
general debate has closed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that the time for general debate
be extended for half an hour. I ask this
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] may have an opportunity of address-
ing the committee.
There was no objection; anditwas so ordered.
Mr. DAWES. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Garfield]
has asked that the time for general debate
be extended, in order that some one may
have an opportunity to call the attention of
the Committee of the Whole to the general
current of our action in reference to the ex-
penditure of money, and to contrast it with
the revenues of the country, so that at some
early time a balance-sheet, if I may so call it,
may be presented for our consideration. He
has yielded the floor to me, not with any idea
that I understand the subject better than any
one else, least of all better than the Commit-
tee on Appropriations .and its able chairman,
a committee as faithful in the discharge of its
duties as any that I have ever seen in this
House: one enjoying deservedly the confidence
of the House more than any other Committee
on Appropriations I have ever known; but
it is because it so happens that along with the
committee of which he is chairman, and also
the committee of -which the distinguished gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair] is chair-
man, the Committee of Claims, the Committee
of Ways and Means have continually this
balance thrust before their eyes. The whole
business of that committee, like that of the 1
Committee on Appropriations, is to look on
the one side at expenditures, and on the other
to the ways and means to meet those expendi-
tures.
Without undertaking to stand up here and
lecture anybody for any extravagant expendi-
ture—for in many that this House has passed
upon in the present Congress I confess to have
participated as much as any other gentleman,
and I lay no claim to any zeal more than that
of any other member of the House in the line
of economy—but solely for the reason I have
stated, that my attention has been drawn to
these things, I desire to lay some figures be-
fore members of this Housein order that they
may consider when they come to vote expend-
itures of money not absolutely necessary, how
the balance sheet of the Treasury is changed
on one side and on the other by almost every
day's proceedings here in this House.
There are certain appropriations which are
absolutely necessary. The public faith to its
crediiors, to its pensioners, to those with
whom it has entered into contracts, is to be
preserved at all cost. And whatever is neces-
sary, even to the taking upon us a new burden,
should, and I doubt not will, cheerfully be met
by any member in the discharge of all the
obligations of the Government first and fore-
most. Then, next in order, the current and
necessary expenditures of the Government do
not seem to admit of much curtailment, and
they have also to be met, whatever may be the
burden to be visited upon the tax-payer at this
or at any time. These expenses, of course,
vary with every year; their constant tendency
is to increase from the growth of the country
and from the enlargement of its operations, so
well illustrated by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations in his speech made
sometime since. As a general rule, we cannot
cut them down much, but we can very well hold
them down. And it is only to impress upon
others what in common with all the members
of my committee I constantly feel—the neces-
sity of holding the expenditures down to that
limit which, in the growth of the country and
the natural increase of its operations, we can-
not reduce, that I desire to call their attention
to that branch of the public expendiiures.
After these come expenditures which, al-
though not absolutely necessary, are expend-
itures which iu a wise and liberal administra-
tion of affairs, upon a general consideration
of the whole subject, may be economical in
the end. In my opinion they are to be con-
