1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4235
league and his appropriation bills. When he
does thatthe Senatorfrom Rhode Island knows
full well that until those appropriation bills
are disposed of we cannot adjourn. I have
voted all the time contrariwise directly to the
Senator from Rhode Island. He, desiring an
early adjournment, as he tells us, votes for
delay and for consumption of time that he
knows will prevent an early adjournment. I,
desiring an early adjournment, vote against
delay and vote against consumption of time.
I vote to bring on and dispose of the appro-
priation bills, without which we cannot have
an early adjournment. I prove my faith by
my works. I wish I could say the same for
my much respected and honorable friend from
lihode Island. Now, sir, I hope we shall go
on and dispose of this bill, and so far as I am
concerned it was not my intention to consume
any more time in discussing the bill. My
intention was to confine myself to the amend-
ment which I have just offered, and perhaps
to one more somewhat brief, and it may be
not' very important in its character.
When I offered the amendment and made
my remarks upon it the Senate will remember
that I asked the Senate for a vote. I was not
anxious to engage in discussion. I do not
reflect on other gentlemen at all, I merely say
that I have no disposition to protract this
debate. It was none of my seeking. It has
been forced on me and those who agree with
me, because we were not, willing that a meas-
ure of the first magnitude, which, as I said,
marks a new departure in the policy of Con-
gress in regard to a great subject of intercom-
munication between the States, should be al-
lowed to pass without discussion, should we
be censured, should we be censured especially
by our friends on the other side who have re-
frained from discussing either the power or the
policy of exercising it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is the amendment
concerning immigrants on railroads, I believe.
The PRESID1N G OFFICER. The Chair so
understands.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On this bill I am
paired with the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Johnston.] If here he would vote for the
amendment and against the bill, and I should
vote the other way.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, uays 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cole,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia. Hamilton of Texas,
Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis, Norwood, Sauisbury,
Scliurz, Stockton, and Thurman—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Buckingham, Caldwell, Conkling, Cragm,
Edmunds, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Howe, Kel-
logg, Morrill ot Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Os-
boni, i'omeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Sherman,
Trumbull, and Wilson—23. ,
ABSENT — Messrs. Brownlow. Cameron. Car-
penter, Cha-ndler, Clayton, Coibett, Davis of Ken-
tucky. ionton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland. Hamlin, Harlan, Hill,. Johnston, Logan,
Morton, Nye, i'atteroon. Poo!, Ransom, Robertson,
Sawyer, Scott, Spencer. Spraguo. Stevenson, Stew-
art, Sumner, Tipton, Vickeis, West. Wmdom, and
W right—36.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 wish to offer an amend-
ment to insert on line twenty-eight, pageS,
after the, word ''shall" the words " knowingly
and willfully so that a company which re-
ceives animals that have already been twenty-
eight hours without rest, water, or food shall
not be liable except the scienter is proved ; in
other words, except it is shown that, the com-
pany knew the fact.
Mr. FRELINGrHUYSBN. That is wholly
unnecessary ; that is the law now.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 19; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 18 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony. Bayard, Blair,
Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia,
Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly, Morrill
of Maine, Norwood, Ramsey, Sauisbury, Schurz,
Scott, Sherman, Stockton, Thurman, and Trum-
bull—22.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Clayton, Conkling, Cragin, Edmunds,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Howe, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Sawyer, and
Wilson—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Johnston, Kellogg, Xiewi«, Logan, Morton,
Nye, Patterson, Pool, Ransom, Robertson, Spencer,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Viek-
ers, West, Wmdom, and Wright—34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to take up
much time on this matter. I suppose it is the
intention of the Senate to pass the bill. I
regret that the bill is to be hurried through
without that consideration which I think so
great a step in this^iartieular direction ought
to have. Let us look for one moment at what
we are doing. This bill is founded on that
provision of the Constitution which authorizes
Congress " to regulate commerce with foreign
nations and among the several States and with
the Indian tribes." It has no other founda-
tion upon which to rest. Now. in respect to that,
any one who studies the decisions of the
Supreme Court will become perhaps as much
confused as he can upon any legal subject
whatsoever, because it is i mpossihle to reconcile
all those decisions, and there is scarcely one
of them that received the unanimous assent of
all the members of the court. But there are a
few things that may be cousidered as settled.
In the first place, it was decided that the
power to regulate commerce with foreign
nations and among the several States is exclu-
sive in the Government of the United States;
and secondly, that any State law that under-
took to regulate commerce was simply void,
whether Congress had legislated upon the
subject or not. That was the opinion of a
majority of the Supreme Court ot the United
States when the question first arose, and
among that majority were Marshall and Story.
At a later period in another case, a majority
of the court held that it was a concurrent
power, and that consequently State laws were
valid until Congress legislated on the subject,
and that the moment Congress legislated on
the subject then all State laws on the same
subject and inconsistent with the acts of Con-
gress became null and void.
It does not matter which one of these doc-
trines shall be maintained, the doctrine origin-
ally advanced that the power in Congress is
exclusive, and that consequently, whether
Congress exercise the power or not, no State
has any right to exercise it. or whether the
power is concurrent, because in the case of
concurrent powers, whenever Congress does
exercise the power it ousts all State legisla-
tion upon the same subject, so that if we pass
this bill it as effectually ousts all State legis-
lation on the subject as if it were admitted
that the power of Congress was exclusive and
that ihe States have no right whatsoever to
legislate on the subject. Therefore it is a
matter of grave importance whether we shall
enter upon such legislation as this, the effect
of which must be to annul all State legislation
upon the same subject.
But the difficulty does not stop there, Mr.
President. There is another question, and
that is whether the powers exercised in this
bill are police powers. If tbey are police
poweis, then, according to the decision of the
Supreme Court, Congress has 110 jurisdiction
over the subject at ail; it is entirely reserved
to the States. That that is the case I will
read from the decision of the Supreme Court
ofthe United States in the case of the City of
New York vs. Miln, 11 Peters, 102. The
question was whether a certain act of the Legis-
lature of the State of New York " concerning
passengers in vessels arriving in the port of
New York" was a regulation of commerce or
of police. In that case the majority of the
court held that this act was not to be consid-
ered as a regulation of commerce, but merely
of police, and that, as the jurisdiction over
matters of internal police had never been sur-
rendered by the States, any legislation by them
upon such matters was a constitutional exer-
cise of these powers ; and then the court go on
to say :
"We choose rather to plant ourselves on what we
consider impregnable positions. They are these:
that a State has the same undeniable and unlimited
jurisdiction over all persons and things within its
territorial limits as any foreign nation, where that
jurisdiction is not surrendered or restrained by the
Constitution of the United States. That, by virtue
of this, it is not only the right, but the bounden and
solemn duty of a State to advance the safety, happi-
ness, and prosperity of its people, and to provide
for its general welfare, by any and every act of legis-
lation which it may deem to be conducive to these
ends, where the power over the particular subjeot
or the manner of its exercise is not surrendered or
restrained in the manner just stated. That all those
powers which relate to merely municipal legislation,
or what may, perhaps, more properly be called in-
ternal polioe, are not thus surrendered or restrained,
and that, consequently, in relation to these the
authority of a State is complete, unqualified, and
exclusive."
That was a power, as the court say, " over
all persons and things within its territorial
limits." "Persons and things," of course,
include every object that is within the present
bill. Then it follows that if the subject of
this bill is more properly police regulation
than a regulation of commerce, according to
the decision of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, the power is exclusively in the
States, and Congress has no power whatsoever
over the subject. On the other hand, if it is a
regulation of commerce, if it comes within
that clause of the Constitution, then the power
is exclusive in the General Government, or
concurient, and if concurrent aud exercised
by the General Government, it ousts the juris-
diction of the States.
It is, therefore, perfectly obvious that the
difficult question in this case is to determine
whether or not this is a regulation of com-
merce or ot police, a subject so difficult that
the Supreme Court has again and again dif-
fered in opinion upon it; its opinions are not
entirely consistent, and the judges have said
themselves that it is almost or quite impossb
ble to draw a satisfactory line of distinction
between the two cases.
I did hope that a bill which presents such
a delicate question, one in which the pathway
of'judicial decision is not lighted by clear and
consistent adjudications, but where the diffi-
culty is so inherent that it is almost impossi-
ble to arrive at safe conclusions; I did hope
that a bill involving these great questions
would not be hurried through in this way.
For one, while I am most anxious that the
object of this bill shall be furthered by consti-
tutional means that are practical and that are
calculated to achieve that object, while I am
sincerely anxious for that, and have been and
was when the bill was mooted a year ago, still
I do not see my way clear to vote for this bill
as it now stands; and for another reason, that
I do think the bill is imperfect. I cannot
help but think that it is imperfect. Why, sir,
in addition to what has been said as to the im-
perfectness of the bill, there are other things
that might be mentioned.
in answer to what was said about this clause,
"in estimating such confinement, the time
during which the animals have been confined
without such rest, on connecting roads from
which they are received shall be included, it
being the intent of this act to prohibit their
continuous confinement beyond the period of
twenty-eight hours, except upon contingen-
cies hereinbefore stated," the Senator who
has the bill in charge said there could be no
difficulty about that.
Mr. VREL1NG1IUYSEN. My friend will
permit me to suggest that I think, while the
