4236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Senator was out of the Chamber, an amend-
ment was introduced in the bill by which the
words ■ ."knowingly and willfully" were
inserted. .
Mr. THURMAN. No; I was here and
voted for it. That undoubtedly has helped to
remove that objection, because otherwise it
seems to me the answer that was given by the
Senator who has the bill in charge would not
be satisfactory. Perhaps that is sufficient for
that purpose.
But now I wish to call attention to another
matter in respect to this bill which shows the
necessity of more mature consideration of the
subject. Herethere may be a confinement of
twenty-eight consecutive hours of transport-
ation. How is it now? Cattle trains run now
at the rate of about ten to twelve miles an
hour. If you puss this bill is there 110 danger
that the speed of these trains will be so in-
creased as to incommode and injure the cattle
more than a few hours' conlinement would do?
For instance, take the route from Chicago
to Pittsburg, the greatest cattle route it) the
whole country, upon which more cattle are
transported than upon any western railroad iu
the United Slates. Cattle trams now running
from Chicago to Pittsburg take somewhere
from thirty-six to forty-eight hours. They
can run the whole distance in twenty-eight
hours. They can by iucrousing the speed run
from Chicago to Pittsburg 111 twenty-eight
hours. What would be the effect of that.?
The effect of that, 1 am very fearful, would be
to do more injury to these brutes than your
bill would do good, by the increased rate of
speed at which they would run, and they would
have a direct interest. 111 doing it, because it is
110 slight matter to provide accommodations
for all these cattle. Do Senators know what
it requires? At the great eattle yards of the
Pennsylvania road at Pittsburg, the very
building—1 have seen the contract with my
own eyes—cost $-00,QUO. The contiact price
ior erecting the building at the great cattle
yards a few miles east of Pittsburg on that
road, was and that included not one
dollar for the laud uud not one, dollar for the
fencing around those yaids. The cuttle yards
of the Baltimoie and Ohio road at Parkers-
burg—1 do not know what they cost—must
have cost u veiy large sum of money indeed.
Here the Pennsylvania roail would have a
direct interest iu running its trains at so rapid
a rate of speed from Chicago to Pittsburg us
to do away with the necessity of any inter-
mediate station for cattle. Now, where I live
there is also a cattle trade. On the line
of the railroads passing through Columbus
there is a large cattle trade, and they have a
cuttle station at Columbus. 1 know it cost a
great deal of money to establish these cattle
yards. It requires a large area of ground ; it
requires buildings that are costly, and it re-
quires the constant, attention of men and a
large supply of provender. This cannot be
done in a day; it cannot be done 111 a month.
The arrangements caunot be made so as to do
this very speedily, as Senators suppose it may
be done; and therefore, if the law is too
stringent, there will be attempts made to evade
it by running the trains at a higher rate of
speed, with more injuiy to the beasts perhaps
than they now sutler from the confinement
they endure.
I make these remarks in a practical point
of view. There is 110 man who is more
anxious than 1 am to see some remedy pro-
vided, I have witnessed with my own eyes
the torture of these beasts until 1 turned away
because I could not look at it longer. I have
seen them where they were lying dead, smoth-
ered by the heat, and I know what it is. After
all, however, interest is the greatest regulator,
the interest of the shipper and the interest of
the railroad to have, shippers. Now, what is
it that makes one railroad more sought than
another to transport cattle i It is the prepara-
tions that that road makes for transporting them
with comfort to themselves and without, loss.
1 know a railroad—! will not mention it be-
cause it might seem invidious—that gets nearly
all the cattle transportation from a great sec-
tion of the country, though traversed by other
roads, because that road has accommodations
so that it can unload cattle and water and feed
them and take good care of them, and then
speed them on their way. This bill will not
affect that road at all, because there is never a
beast that is twenty-eight hours in continuous
transportation upon that road. That road
would like to see this bill pass. That road is
benefited perhaps by it., or at least would not
object to it so far as it is concerned ; but it is a
measure that requires the greatest considera-
tion ; it is a measure that requires practical
knowledge of the subject, that ought to be
most carefully guarded, independent of all
questions about the Constitution.
1 make these remarks with great regret,
because I have been disposed to favor some
measure of this kind, and I would beextremely
glad if 1 could see my way clear to vote for
tnis bill, if I am forced to vote upon it as it
is now, believing it to be a measure that has
not received the consideration it ought to
have, I shall with great reluctance feel con-
strained to vote against it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not desire or
intend to detain the Senate ; but I wish to say
simply that I do not believe the constitutional
power resides in Congress to puss a law of
this character, and for that reason I shall be
compelled to vote against the bill.
There are other objections aside from the
constitutional incompetency of Congress to
pass the proposed law. If Congress has the
right to enact this law, to regulate the manner
in which eattle shall be transported by the
railroads of this country, 1 inquire whether
Congress does not possess the power to regu-
late the price at which the eattle shall be
carried? May it not enter into all the details
in reference not only to the mode in which
transportation shall take place, but the price
at which the railroads shall carry them?
If this bill shall become a law it may result
that you will increase the cost of transporta-
tion, because if the railroad companies have
to exercise all this care and be subject, to ail
the responsibilities imposed by this law, they
will increase the charge for the transportation
of eattle over their roads. It may even go
fmther than that. Some company forming a
connecting link between your large cities and
the great West may utterly refuse to receive
and transport over their roads any eattle, and
hence the law may become the means of de-
piivmg the eastern markets of a supply of
beef.
This matter has not been properly consid-
ered. If Congress may regulate the mode of
carrying cattle ovor the roads of private cor-
porations, may it not do it, over railroads
created by the States themselves and operated
by the Stales through their agents? Suppose,
for instance, the State of New York or the
State of Pennsylvania should build a railroad
and through her own agents carry 011 that rail-
road, does any person suppose that Congress
has power to dictate to the State the mode in
which she shall carry call le over her own roads,
built, by the State authority herself ? I appre-
hend that if it is true that a Slate could defy
your legislation, the companies which the
Stale creates may exercise the same power ;
and thus the matter may come, before the
courts and the question of the constitutional
power of Congress to enact this law be raised ;
and in my apprehension the courts will decide
that this legislation is wanting iu authority.
I did not intend to do anything more than
simply state my objection to the bill; not that
I am opposed to cattle being properly taken
care of; I think that it ought to be done. I
think it is an act of great inhumanity that the
conductors of railroads do not make proper
provision, and I would be glad to see them do
it, and I believe the States through which they
pass ought to take hold of the subject and
compel the railroad companies to make proper
provision for carrying cattle safely. But when
you ask Congress to do it, it is a different ques-
tion. It is an attempt 011 the part of Congress
to usurp the powers that legitimately belong
to the States ; and in these times when we see
the tendency to the centralization of power, it
becomes every member on this floor to watch
with jealous care to see that 110 encroachment
is made on the rights of the States, and that no
prerogatives are usurped by the Federal Legis-
lature that properly belong to the State Legis-
latures.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 concurring in the amendments made
asin Committee of the Whole.
Mr. NORWOOD, is it in order to move a
substitute for the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. NORWOOD. I offer the following' as
a substitute:
Whereas complaints have boen made to Congress
of cruel treatment to animals while in transitu
through the States of this Union, and congressional
legislation is prayed for to prevent such cruelty;
and whereas doubt is entertained -as to the power
of Congress to legislate on tins subject: Therefore,
He it retolced by the Sennte wtU of liepie-
ftentf/tive* in Congretfi assembled, the Governors
ot the several States are hereby respectfully solic-
ited to bring the subject of prevention of cruelty to
animals while being transported through the several
States to the notice o'f the Legislatures of their re-
spective States, to the end that such concerted
action may be effected through said Legislatures as
wiii prevent,such cruelty.
RfHnlvcd, That the Secretary of the Senate forth-
with furnish a copy of this net to the (governor of
eiieli of tiie several States.
1 do not rise to discuss the proposition, but
I think in view of the arguments which have
been presented its to the constitutionality of
the bill now pending before the Senate, it is a
matter of doubt at least, and the best course
to pursue on account of those doubts is to
refer the matter to the States. 1 think the
States themselves will take such action as will
bring about the result sought by the mover of
the bill. I shall not detain the Senate after
the prolonged discussion by presenting any
views.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Georgia as a substitute.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion rectus 011 concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY called for the yeas utid
nays on the passage of the bill; and they were
ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that after this
vote is taken a recess be had until half past
seven.
Mr. CONKLING. I object, until after we
vote on the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio is entitled to make the motion
at this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the motion that
after taking the vote we take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senator will not
say immediately after the vote. There is a
bill which I have been striving to get up for
several days, and I hope we shall pass it be-
fore we take a recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio submit a motion?
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the motion that
after a vote on this bill we take a recess until
half pa-t seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that after the announcement
of the vote ou the final passage of this bill a
