2444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
the owners of those lands which have been
taken.
' The Clerk read as follows:
For the improvement of Vermillion harbor, Ohio,
$5,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I move the following amend-
ment, to come in after the paragraph which
has just been read:
Fortheimprovement of Erieharbor, Pennsylvania,
$15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For theimprovement of Buffalo harbor, New York,
$75,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. I oiler the
following amendment:
Add at the end of the paragraph the following:
And the unexpended balances heretofore appro-
priated for building the sea-wall at Buffalo.
Mr. CONGER. There is no objection to
that amendment.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. How much
is this unexpended balance?
Mr. SAWYER. Twenty-three thousand dol-
lars. The paragraph appropriates $76,000 for
Buffalo harbor, and the amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Williams]
appropriates to the same purpose the unex-
pended appropriation for building a sea-wall.
It merely transfers the appropriation, so that
the whole amount may be applied for the im-
provement of the harbor.
The amendment was a,greed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the improvement of the Mississippi, Missouri.
Arkansas, Little Missouri, White, Black. Red, and
Ouachita rivers, in the States of Arkansas,Louisiana,
and Missouri, $200,000.
Mr. BOLES. I offer the following amend-
ment:
After the word "Red" insert the words "Petit
Jean."
Mr. SAWYER. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOREY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to that paragraph, which I will require a
minute or two to prepare.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's right
will be reserved.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the improvement of Currant river, Missouri,
15,000.
Mr. KING. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the paragraph which
has just been read:
For the improvement of Cuivre river, Missouri, as
per estimate of chief engineer, $60,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I cannot agree t,o that
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Missouri will withhold the amendment until
we get through with the bill.
Mr. KING. I withhold the amendment for
the present.
Mr. MOREY. I now offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the
paragraph which was read a few moments ago :
Provided, That one half the amount recommended
by the Secretary of War be expended in building a
lock in Ouachita river.
Mr. SAWYER. We cannot agree to that.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. MOREY. I have no objection to allow-
ing the consideration of this amendment being
postponed until the bill has been gone through,
if it should be then considered as pending.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. SAWYER. We may as well act upon
the amendment now.
Mr. MOREY. During the last session of
Congress there was a survey ordered of Oua-
chita river, in Louisiana, with a view to improv-
ing the navigation by a system of locks and
dams. That survey was made during the past
year, and the report is now in the hands of the
Printer. It was submitted to the House last
Friday, which was the earliest moment that I
could get it before the House, though I labored
to get it from theWar Department before that
date, in order that it might be considered by
the Committee on Commerce.
This is one of the two most important rivers
that run through the States of Louisiana and
Arkansas. It carries about two hundred and
fifty thousand bales of cotton, besides other
freight, to a very large extent. By this report,
which has been submitted to the House, it is
shown that one lock of a canal, constructed
of stone, at an expense of $250,000—I cannot
give the exact figures, and that is not far from
the amount—or one constructed of wood at
an expense of about one hundred and twenty-
five thousand dollars, will give slack-water
navigation for an extent of about one hundred
and fifty miles through one of the most pro-
ductive regions of Louisiana, with a depth of
about twelve feet of water the year round.
Now we have navigation through that portion
of the river only from four to seven months
of the year. The survey is a very thorough
one. It will take five coffer-dams to give
slack-water navigation through the the whole
extent of the river. All we ask now is one
half of the amount necessary for the construc-
tion of the first coffer-dam. The total expense
being $125,000, nearly one half of that is
$60,000; and we ask that that amount shall
be specifically appropriated out of this amount
of §200,000, which is appropriated generally
for the improvement of these rivers, the Mis-
souri, Arkansas, White, Black, Red, and Oua-
chita. It is a very important work, strongly
recommended by the engineer department. It
has been a misfortune that we have not been
able to have the engineer report printed and
laid before the House ; it is now in the hands
of the Printer. I have examined the report,
and the statements 1 have made here are from
the report.
Mr. HOLMAN. This appropriation is to
be expended under the control of the Secretary
of War?
Mr, MOREY. Certainly, as all of these
appropriations are.
Mr. CONGER. The appropriation of
$200,000is made in accordance with the report
of the engineer department, and it cannot be
divided; it must be left at the discretion of
the engineer department, or else one part of
the system embraced in the object of this ap-
propriation would suffer. I hope this will be
left, to the discretion of the engineer depart-
ment according to their report, and they will
appropriate that portion the}' consider neces-
sary for the Ouachita river.
Mr. MOREY. If the argument of the gen-
tleman proves anything, it proves altogether
too much. Why not leave all these appropri-
ations to be expended according to the judg-
ment of the engineer department?
The amendment moved by Mr. Morey was
not agreed to; upon a division—ayes 47,
noes 82.
Mr. SHELDON. I move to strike out the
last word of the pending paragraph for the
purpose of making a remark. I was opposed
to the proposition of my colleague, [Mr.
Morey,] for the reason that this appropria-
tion is only about one fourth of the sum rec-
ommended by the engineer department. It
ought not to be divided at all, for the reason
that the report which he speaks of was not
before the House and not before the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and his proposition was not
considered by that committee. Such a divis-
ion as he recommends would do injury to the
best interests in my State. I withdraw my
amendment.
The Clerk read the following:
®or the improvement of the falls of the Ohio river,
$300,000. And the Secretary of War is hereby di-
rected to report to Congress at its next session the
condition of said canal, and the provisions neces-
sary to relieve the same from incumbrance, with a
view to sueh legislation as will render the same free
to commerce at the earliest practical period, subject
only to sueh tolls as may be necessaryforthe super-
intendence and repair thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to move to amend
by striking out the words " improvement of "
and inserting the words "for continuing the
work on the canal at" before the words '-falls
of the Ohio river." It is a mere verbal change
in the language, and the object is that the whole
appropriation shall be expended as intended
by the committee.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not think there is any
objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to. ■
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to further amend
by inserting, after the words "report to Con-
gress at its next session," the words "or
sooner if practicable."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I move to amend
by striking out "$300,000" and inserting
"$400,000." I wish to explain briefly why
I move this amendment, and then if it shall
not be accepted by the Committee on Com-
merce, I will withdraw it, for I do not wish to
antagonize the committee. Prom the best
information I can obtain, I apprehend that
there is no doubt but that it will cost at least
$400,000 to complete this work. I suppose
that there is no doubt that the appropriation
proposed here by the Committee on Com-
merce will put the canal m a working con-
dition, though not leaving it in a condition
that Congress will be satisfied with. My opin-
ion and belief are that if we shall make this
appropriation $400,000, instead of $300,000,
it will enable the engineer department to per-
form the entire work in a year, atjd perform
it more economically than they will be enabled
to do if the work is prolonged to the second
year. My motive in moving this amendment
is not, therefore, particularly to enhance the
cost of this work, but it is in the interest of
economy. I think that by making a small
appropriation now we shall ultimately make it
cost more than if we were now to appropriate
all that is necessary. If with these views the
committee will assent to this amendment and
the House will adopt it, I think we shall do a
wise thing, but if the committee decline to
assent to the amendment I will withdraw it.
Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Perry] will prevail. I had a conversation
with General Weitzel, the engineer of this
work, and he informed me that $400,000 would
complete the work, and that with an appropria-
tion of only $300,000 now it would take at
least $150,000 hereafter to finish it, and as a
matter of economy we ought to make the full
appropriation now, because it is not contem-
plated that the work will be abandoned. I do
not ask this appropriation on behalf of my
State, but in the interest of the great com-
merce of the Ohio river, which is greater than
all our foreign commerce combined.
Mr. CONGER. The Committee on Appro-
priations have reported the same appropria-
tion for this work as for the other four large
works of a like character, except that a little
more has been given to the improvement at
Des Moines rapids, which needs a larger appro-
priation. This appropriation will complete
the canal for the use of the public, although
it will not perhaps protect all its side walls.
The present appropriation is all that is essen-
tial for this year. I hope gentlemen will not
press this increased appropriation. We have
been very liberal. We feel the importance of
the work. This appropriation will open it up
to commerce, and next year we can make an
appropriation which will finish it up.
Mr. PERRY of Ohio. I said in the begin-
ning that I should withdraw this amendment
if the committee did not assent to it. I there-
fore withdraw it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the amendment is
withdrawn I desire to say a word. This sub-
ject has received a great deal of attention at
the hands of the committee with the view of
relieving the commerce of the Ohio river at an
