1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1549
actly. It depends upon the contingencies of
the Government. They may be more from
"unexpected sources, and they may be less. I
take the last yearns miscellaneous sources
and I deduct what is absolutely necessary, in
the attempt not to say exactly what are our
resources, but to show this House that there
is nothing we know of which we can rely upon
to add to this aggregate.
These items, then, aggregate $317,389,-
433 10 against expenditures of §299,600,458,
leaving a balance of $17,788,975 10, without
having paid one dollar beyond the interest
toward the public debt. Now the law requires,
us to pay into the sinking fund just as much
as it requires us to pay for the improvement
of a harbor, or to spend money anywhere else ;
a great deal more so, because it is to sustain
the public • credit. It requires us to pay
§28,679,263 into the sinking fund, and we
have but §17,788,975 10 to do it with. If,
therefore, we do not receive revenue from a
great and unexpected increase of imports
beyond the estimate of their increase by the
Secretary of the Treasury, or from some other
now unprovided source, and if our expend-
itures are not brought down below the figures
here stated, we shall be obliged to borrow
nearly eleven million dollars to pay to the
sinking fund, without one dollar going toward
the principal of the public debt. And that,
sir, is in the last of tbe four years of this Ad-
ministration, the first three of which paid
$300,000,000 of that debt, besides what was
paid into the sinking fund. Sir, I know that
these figures are subjects for just such crit-
icism as the gentleman from Michigan very
properly made in regard to one item of the
estimates. But I know, too, that against them
all stands the pressure of great public expend-
itures that do not enter into the estimates of
public expenditures, and which, in the end, I
feel an apprehension that I cannot conceal, in
common with all those who make these figures
constantly their study, will overbalance all we
can possibly save upon the ordinary expendi-
tures.
I have but a few more words to say, if I
may be permitted to go a little beyond the
half hour which the committee so kindly al-
lowed me, and which is about out.
The CHAIRMAN. If no objection be
made, the gentleman will be permitted to
proceed.
No objection was made.
Mr. CREBS. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to me for a
question ?
Mr. DAWES. Yes ; for a question only.
Mr. CREBS. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Dawes] whether in his opinion, if the tariff
on pig iron should be reduced, the revenue
would not be increased ?
Mr. KERR. Reduced to what rate?
Mr. CREBS. To five dollars per ton, I will
say. I think the revenue would be increased
ten if not eleven million dollars.
Mr. DAWES. I wish I could see some
point where I could change the figures I have
given. I do think ihat there is some reason
to suppose that the Secretary of the Treasury
has underestimated the receipts from customs
for the next year. But the larger those re-
ceipts the more comprehensive becomes the
business of the community, the more disturbed
are our industries at home. And after all a
very great increase in the receipts from cus-
toms sometimes checks itself, and brings about
a contraction by the very means of the increase.
How much it may be I cannot tell, nor can any
one. I want to ask members of the House
of Representatives whether it: is very safe to
go on with extraordinary expenditures of any
kind, with no other reliance for the means to
meet them than some expected increase of
this kind in the public revenue ?
But I was about to say to members that
while, according to this estimate, we could not
even meet the demands of the sinking fund
in the last year of the four years of this Ad-
ministration, without borrowing $10,000,000,
the first three years of which were crowned
with the success of having paid off $300,000,000
of our public debt, or $100,000,000 a year
on the average—I was about to say that this
balance-sheet was not a pleasant one for us
here to present to the country, when the peo-
ple are about to be asked to pass judgment
upon our course here. There ought to be some
explanation of it that will satisfy the public
judgment. And to these figures I invoke the
attention of members of the House, that they
may, if possible, ascertain wherein they are
unsound, and wherein a better presentation
may be made.
I have to say that it comes very far short of
the promise with which this year was entered
upon. The President of the United States, in his
message to us last session, called our attention
to the fact that we had paid this large amount
of the public debt, and he said that the time
had come when, by a curtailment of the cus-
toms revenue, by the extinguishment first,
of as many so possible of the internal taxes,
and then of the tariff dues, we might be able
to cut down our revenue $50,000,000, and still
have a fair margin to meet the constant public
demands and the public debt. He says :
''I therefore recommend a modification of both
the tariff and internal taxes. I recommend that
all taxes from internal sources be abolished, except
those collected from spirituous, vinous, and malt
liciuors, tobacco in its various forms, and stamps."
The Secretary of the Treasury calls our
attention to the operations of the Government
in this respect for the last three years, and
says that the time has now come when we
can reduce the revenue from internal taxes
$16,000,000, and from the tariff $20,000,000,
and still leave a margin by which we may pay
not only the sinking fund but about twenty-five
million dollars upon the public debt directly,
making $50,000,000 in all of the public debt
annually paid off. And he proposes that we
strike off all the internal taxes except those
upon spirituous and malt liquors, tobacco and
stamps. Now, if that should be done, $10,-
000,000 must be taken from this estimate of
mine, for that estimate is based upon the laws
as they now stand, and with the revenues of
last year as the standard. Therefore if the
proposition of the Secretary of the Treasury,
preparatory to approaching a revision and a
reduction of the tariff, should be carried out,
there would have to be deducted $10,000,000
and a little more from the resources side of
this balance. Therefore, for some reason or
other, we are not where the public had a right
to expect we would be in regard to the means
by which we are to meet these expenditures,
or in regard to the expenditures themselves.
I am not criticising any of these appropria-
tions. As I said in the beginning, I am, per-
haps, as much responsible for them as any
other member of the House. But I want to
see whether, in the language of a distinguished
Philadelphia statesman, it is not time to call a
halt. I want to inquire whether, looking into
these figures, you are not asking too much of
your Committee of Ways and Means if, after
what you have done with reference to tea,
coffee, salt, and coal, you exact of them a
measure which shall reduce the public reve-
nues by a reduction of the tariff burdens, and
yet provide the means for meeting the current
expenses as well as maintaining the sinking
fund for the liquidation of the public debt ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. If the gentleman will
yield for a moment I would like to make a
suggestion. He has spoken of the action of
tbe House placing tea and coffee upon the free
list.
Mr. DAWES. I am not criticising it at all.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I understand that; but
the gentleman will allow me to finish my sug-
gestion. That action has been very much
criticised. It has been criticised by Demo-
crats, and by Democratic papers of the coun-
try; and it is claimed that if that reduction'
shall be made it will prevent the possibility of
any reduction of the duty upon pig iron or any
other species of iron. Hence it is argued that
this movement in the House was made in the
interest of the protectionists. Gentlemen on
this side of the House who voted for that
measure, (and I was one of those who so
voted,) have been criticised as having sup-
ported a measure in the interest of protection.
Now, sir, I am a free trader from the crown
of my head to the sole of my feet; and be-
lieving a tariff to be a tax upon the people, I
support such a measure only because of the
necessities of the Government with regard to
revenue.
Now, I want to put a question to the gentle-
man. The tariff as it stands to-day upon pig
iron is, as we understand, a protective tariff.
A protective tariff, as we believe, is to a cer-
tain extent a prohibitory tariff. Now, if we
bring down the tariff upon iron to a revenue
basis, does not the gentleman, as the organ of
the House on this question, believe that we
may take off the duty upon tea and coffee and
yet have more revenue than we would have if
we should continue the present protective
tariff upon iron? I must say that it was with
this understanding that I voted to place tea
and coffee npon the free list, supposing that
the deficiency of revenue might be met in the
way I have suggested.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairtnan, I had but a
word to say when the gentleman interrupted
me; and what I was about to say will pretty
much answer the gentleman's inquiry upon
that point. When the bill repealing the duty
upon tea and coffee was presented in this House
the Committee of Ways Und Means struggled
against it, believing that it was an invasion
upon the work which had been assigned to
them. They struggled against it, not because
they were opposedto the repeal of the duty on
tea and coffee, but because they believed that
to strike into the tariff in that way by a side
blow, andthen ask the committee to be respon-
sible for the general result after you had
taken from the revenue $20,000,000, was to
impose upon the committee a labor which they
would not know how to perform. This is the
excuse which I, as their organ, offer to the
House for, perhaps, an undue zeal in begging
of the House not to take the tariff question in
that way out of the hands of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Allow me a word fur-
ther on that point.
Mr. DAWES. Wait a moment. Mr. Chair-
man, I am talking now in reference to what
will increase and what will diminish the reve-
nue; and in the few minutes allowed me it is
utterly impossible to meet a question which
involves the whole theory of revenue and of
protection. At some time, if the House will
have patience, the committee will bring in the
result of their labors; and I trust they may
have an opportunity to give the reasons for
what they have done. They are trying to keep
the balance-sheet of the Government in such
a shape that we shall be able to meet all the
necessary expenditures of the Government,
ordinary and extraordinary, as well as main-
tain such a sinking fund that we may during
this year, as during the last three years, pay
off a fair proportion of the public debt, some
twenty-five millions, or something like that. -If
the tariff could be adjusted by some financial
head so that all parts would conform each to
the other, and then be brought in as a whole,
as the "budget" is brought before Parliament
and submitted to its judgment, it would work
as the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. El-
dredge,] I doubt not, desires to have it; it
would produce the greatest possible amount
of revenue with the least impairment of the
industries of the country, and with such inci-
dental protection and aid to every interest as
it is lawful and proper for the Government of
the nation to extend. That the Committee ui
