1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
early day from the enormous burden now im-
posed upon it of fifty cents per ton for the
navigation of that canal, the heaviest harden
imposed upon commerce in any portion of the
United States. I presume that with the pres-
ent appropriation, and the measures which the
Committee on Commerce propose to recom-
mend during the present session, a result so
exceedingly desirable to the commerce of that
river will be accomplished.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the improvement of the Wabash river, Indi-
ana, commencing at its mouth, $50,000.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I move to amend by
adding after the clause just read the follow-
ing:
For the further survey and improvement of the
Cumberland river above and below the city of
Nashville, Tennessee, 830,000.
Mr. Speaker, a survey of the Cumber-
land river has been ordered and I under-
stand made by the engineer, Colonel Abert.
The report of the survey has not yet been
printed, or, if printed, it has only been within
the last day or two, so that I have been unable
to get a copy of the report to bring the matter
to the attention of the committee before this
bill was reported by them. The bill has been
reported earlier in the session than I expected.
My information, however, is that the engin-
eer having the work in charge has recom-
mended the appropriation of a much larger
sum for the Cumberland river than is^ pro-
posed by my amendment to be appropriated.
Inasmuch as the work is being carried onupon
the river, I desire that it shall be continued
by this appropriation of $30,000.
Mr. CONGER. The committee having be-
fore them the reports of the engineers, have
considered the necessity of appropriations for
this river, and in the appropriation for the
removal of the Cumberland'dam they have
reported all that the recommendation of the
engineers would warrant under the present
circumstances. There is no question but that
in another year, when some of these larger
works are finished and the appropriations may
be extended to these other rivers, the Cum-
berland river will receive an additional appro-
priation. But I must object to this appropria-
tion at the present time.
The amendment of Mr. Goliad ay was not
agreed to ; there being—ayes 54, noes 73.
The Clerk read as lollows:
For the continuation of the work now in progress
on the Tennessee river below Chattanooga, includ-
ing the Muscle shoals, $25,000.
Mr. GARRETT. I move to amend the
clause just read by striking out "$25,000
and inserting "$100,000." I will state, Mr.
Speaker, that in my opinion there is no more
important improvement anywhere in the uni-
ted States than the one now under considera-
tion. There is no river whose navigation is
more important to the commerce of this coun-
try than that of the Tennessee river. ^ At Muscle
shoals, and above Muscle shoals, it will not
be possible to do any good by appropriating
$25,000. A much larger sum is necessary, it
anything is necessary, to carry on that work.
1 hope the House will adopt the amendment.
Mr. CONG-ER.. We have given to that
river, in proportion to the amount recom-
mended by the engineer department, more
than any other work m the United Slates ; we
keep it on the list of public works. We have
appropriated as much as is necessary to per-
fect during the coming year the work contem-
plated for the coming year. The gentleman
from Tennessee had better be satisfied that
this is upon the list of public works than to
endanger this bill, and endanger the whole
system of public works, by increasing this
appropriation in this unauthorized way ; that
is to say, by making an increase of this appro-
priation which the Committee on Commerce
did not think was either necessary or right.
VVe had better let well enough alone, and go
on with this system of public improvements,
embracing the commercial interests of every
section of the country, and which, so far as we
can learn, is satisfactory to all parts of the
country. We had better go on and make these
improvements which the engineers report to
us are necessary than to break down this bill
and destroy it, and thereby destroy all of these
improvements. I hope the gentleman will not
endanger the passage of this bill by insisting
on his amendment, for if we begin by increas-
ing these appropriations the inevitable result
will be the loss of the bill.
Mr. GARRETT. I hope, Mr. Speaker, my
amendment will not endanger the passage of
this bill, nor do I think it will endanger the
passage of the bill. It seems to me it is clear
to all who have looked at the importance of
this improvement that this appropriation of
$100,000 ought to be made for the improve-
ment of the Tennessee river. Certainly if
there are any rivers in the United States, the
navigation of which ought to be cared for, the
Tennessee is one of those rivers.
Mr. CONGER. There is no recommenda-
tion which came to the Committee on Com-
merce from the engineers for that ^amount of
money for the improvement of the Tennessee.
Why should the House undertake to increase
the amount of appropriations recommended
by the board of engineers for this work?
Mr. GARRETT. The engineer in charge
of this work was here a few days ago, and he
informed me during a private conversation
that his recommendation in reference to the
appropriation for this work did not come in in
time to have it come before the House in the
general report.
Mr. SAWYER. Let it take the usual course,
then, and go before the committee to be con-
sidered. Why should we make this largely in-
creased appropriation until it has been recom-
mended from the proper department?
Mr. GARRETT. This is absolutely neces-
sary for the purpose of carrying on the work.
Unless an appropriation of $100,000 is made
for the improvement of the navigation of the
Tennessee river, at and above the Muscle
shoals, the value of the work which has already
been done will be seriously endangered.
Mr. CONGER. If the Committee on Com-
merce undertook to make appropriations rec-
ommended by the board of engineers, then
the amount of this bill would have been
$13,000,000 instead of $5,000,000. We have
out down this bill to $5,000,000, and more m
proportion has been given to the Tennessee
river than to any other work. If the gentle-
man begins to swell the dimensions of thisbill
by increasing the appropriations in this way,
it will only result in so loading down the bill
as to prevent its passage.
Mr. GARRETT rose.
Mr. CONGER. I call for a vote.
The SPEAKER. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.  
Mr. BECK. I move to strike out "$100,000,
and in lieu thereof to insert " $75,000." Mr.
Speaker, I do not wish to debate this question,
but I do know something about these Muscle
shoals in the Tennessee river. I was there
last fall and saw for myself the necessity for
this improvement in the navigation of the
Tennessee river. While you are apDropriat-
ing in this bill large appropriations for every
saw-log stream over Michigan and throughout
the Northwest, and for streams which no one
knows anything about, here is an appropria-
tion of only $25,000 for the improvement of
the Muscle shoals and the navigation of the
Tennessee river, a river which is capable of
carrying on it more commerce than any one
of them. This appropriation of $25,000 is a
mere nibble, and might as well be stricken out
for all the good it will do in improving the
navigation of the Tennessee river. If these
Muscle shoals were improved it woula add two
hundred miles of navigation to the Tennessee
river, and perhaps four hundred miles, butcei-
tainly two hundred miles to the navigation of
one of the finest rivers in the United States,
running as it does through three States. But
yet $25,000 is all that is given it, which is as
much as is given to every saw-log stream
throughout the Northwest. It seems if we
are to give anything at all for the purpose of
this improvement we ought at least to give
$75,000. If you do not give it $75,000, then
you might as well strike out the appropriation
for that purpose in this bill altogether.
Mr. CONGER. I pardon the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] his unjust and
ungenerous and unmanly fling at Michigan, a
State which has more shore-line than any
other five States of the Union, and whose
commerce has been beneficial not to Michigan
alone, but to all the other States which take
its lumber. I pardon him that fling because
he has been waiting for months to give it to
me, and he has now had his blessed oppor-
tunity.
But I desire to tell the gentleman that this
Congress has appropriated, and must appro-
priate for the next year, more mo.iey to one
single work in the State of Kentucky than the
whole amount the State of Michigan has ever
received.
Mr. BECK. What work is that?
Mr. CONGER. The Louisville canal, for
which there has been an appropriation of
$5,000,000, first to build the canal, and then
to pay to the stockholders of that canal the
money which they owned in the present canal.
I have not time nor inclination now to resent
properly the insinuations of the gentleman.
But the record shows that aside from the Sault
Ste. Marie canal, which is a national canal,
aud the St. Claire flats canal, which is forty
or fifty miles from any inhabitable land in the
State of Michigan, though it happens to be on
Michigan soil, and is for the general_ benefit
of all the commerce of the lakes, Michigan has
received, even with that, in proportion to its
harbors, less than any other State in the Union.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted on the
pending amendments. The question is first
on the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gar-
rett] by striking out " $100,000" and insert-
ing " $75,000.''
Mr. BECK. 1 withdraw my amendment,
and move another amendment to make the
amount $60,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I object to the withdrawal
of the gentleman's amendment, and ask for a
vote upon it.
The question being taken on Mr. Heck s
amendment, there were—ayes 65, noes 61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is next on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Gahrett,] as amended by the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] to insert "$75,000" instead oi
" $25,000."
The question being taken, there were—ayes
69, noes 70.
Mr. BECK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beok and
Mr. Sawttkb were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes ti9, noes 76.
So the amendment, as amended, was not
agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amount appropriated by making it $50,000
instead of "$25,000." If the House will
indulge me for a moment, I will say that 1
feel considerable interest m this stream, which
runs almost the entire length of my district
and past my own door, so that my horses,
when I have horses, drink out of it. As 1
remarked on a previous occasion, the atten-
tion of Congress was directed to this im-
provement forty years ago. A report was
made in the time of the administration ot
John Quincy Adams, a report which is now
on the Hies of Congress, and work commenced
