j872.
thu congressional globe.
3341
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
%- Illinois had every opportunity if he sought
f. it. The Chair inquired particularly of the
!>. committee if there was any amendment to
;f- {he first nine lines, and receiving 110 response,
3 after some little time directed the Clerk to
-4 BfOC66d.
\ Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I did not
S fiear that, though I listened.
l: Mr. COX. I ask that my amendment be
read.
■ Mr. FINKELNBURG. It was not under-
: ' stood on this side of the House these nine lines
f were beyond all power of amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment is pend-
f * ing in the nature of a substitute to the first
twenty-five lines, and when that is reached any
amendment can bp proposed to that.
. Mr. FINKELNBURG. I refer to the text
of the bill. As I understand the Chair the first
nine lines can be amended.
The CHAIRMAN. They have been passed,
and are not now amendable.
• Mr. BURCHARD. That was not generally
understood in the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. None of us
understood the fact.
Mr. DAWKS. I so understand it.
. Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Did anyfcody
else understand it?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
man's understanding is peculiar.
Mr. DAWES. My friend understands every-
body's but his own.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I rise to a point
of order. No proposition has yet been read.
The first nine lines are only introductory to
the paragraph, and lines ten and eleven mean
nothing without the introductory part, and the
introductory part is therefore necessary for a
substantive proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the only paragraph before the House is that in
the tenth and eleventh lines.
. Mr. FINKELNBURG. Does the Chair
understand those nine lines to be a paragraph
by themselves ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would be
glad to have the first twenty-live lines read
and open to amendment, but the rules re-
quire amendments to be made to each para-
graph as it is read, and the first paragraph has
been passed.
Mr. BURCHARD. I presume no one desires
■to take advantage of the mi-sundeistanding in
reference to this matter.
The CHAIRMAN, The pending question
before the committee at this time is the
amendment of thegentleman from New York.
Mr. COX. I insist 011 a vote on my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read the amendment as follows :
Strike out these words :
On all manufactures of cotton of which cotton is
the component part of chief value.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out those words
and in lieu thereof to insert what the Clerk
will read, which is taken from the old bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
On all manufactures of cotton, not bleached,
colored, stained, painted, or printed, not exceeding
one hundred threads to the square inch, counting
Warp and filling, and not exceeding in weight five
ounces per squareyard, two cents per square yard : it
bleached, two and one half cents per square yard;
if colored, stained, painted, or printed, two and one
half oents per square yard, and, in addition thereto,
ten per cent, advulorim.
On all manufactures of cotton, (except Joans,
denims, drillings, bed-tickings, ginghams, plaids,
cottonades, pantaloon stuff, and goods of like de-
scription,) not bleached, colored, stained, painted,
or 1 rinted, and not exceeding one hundred threads
to the square inch, counting the warp and tilling,
and exceeding in weight live ounces per square
yard, four cents per square yard: if bleached, four
and ore half cents per square yard; if colored,
stained, painted, or printed, four cents per square
. yard, and, in addition thereto, ten per cent, ad
vedorert.
On liner and lighter goods of like description, ex-
ceeding one hundred threads and not exceeding two
hundred threads to the square inch, counting the
Warp and filling, unbleached, four cents per square
yard ; if bleached, four and one half cents persquare
yard; 11 colored stained, painted, or printed, four
cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto,
twenty percent, ad valorem
On goods of like description exceeding two hun-
dred threads to the square inch, unbleached, four
cents pel-square yard ; if bleached, four and one half
cents per square yard: if colored, stained, painted, or
printed, four cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On all cotton jeans, denims, drillings, bed-tick-
ings, ginghams, plaids, cottonades. pantaloon stuffs,
and goods of like description, or for similar use, if
unbleached, and not exceding one hundred threads
to the square inch, counting warp and filling, and
exceeding five ounces to the square yard, five cents
por square yard: if bleached, five ana one-half cents
per square yard; if colored, stained, painted, or
printed, five cents per square yard, and. in addition
thereto, twenty per cent, ail valorem. On finer or
lighter goods of like description, exceeding one
hundred threads, and not exceeding two hundred
threads to the square inch, counting til0 warp and
filling, unbleached, five cents por square yard; if
bleached, live and one half conts per square yard ; if
colored, stained, painted, or printed, live cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, fifteen por
cent, ml valorem. On goods of like description
exceeding two hundred threads to the square inoh,
counting the warp and filling, if unbleached, five
and 0110 half ceuts per square yard ; if bloached,
six cents per square yard: if colored, stained, paint-
ed, or printed, five and one half conts per square
yard, and in addition thoreto, fifteen por cent, ad
valorem: Provided, that upon all plain woven
cotton goods, included or not included in the fore-
going schedules, unbleached, valued at over six-
teen cents per square yard, bleached, valued at over
twenty conts per square yard, colored, valued at
over twenty-fivo cents per square yard, and cotton
joans, denims, and drillings, unbleached, valued at
over twcnt> cents por square yaid, and all other
cotton goods of every description, the value of which
shall exceed twenty-five cents per square yard,
thero shall bo levied, colleetod, and paid a duty of
thirty-live per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BAMES. 1 rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry.
Mr. COX. Do I not have the floor on my
amendment? . 0
The CHAIRMAN. Tho gentleman from
New York has the floor.
Mr. EAMES. Mr. Chairman, I rise to a
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Rhode Island will state his point of order.
Mr. BAMES. The committee, Mr. Chair-
man, have already agreed to the first nine
lines ot' the second section of the bill. I
state that as my understanding of the action
of the committee. Now, this first, part of the
second section of the bill provides that the
duties on the goods, wares, and merchandise,
named in the succeeding portion of the sec-
tion shall be reduced to ninety per cent, of the
existing duties. My point of-order is this:
that though it is in order to move to change the
list of goods, wares, and merchandise con-
tained in this paragraph, it * not in order
to reduce the per cent, that has already been
agreed upon, or to substitute anything different
from that in the place of it.
Mr. KERR. I have been trying to get the
attention of the Chair ever since the commit-
tee entered upon this business, in order to
move an amendment to tho first portion of
the section.
Mr. COX. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. KERR. Let the gentleman allow me
to say a word.
The CHAIRMAN. Docs the gentleman
from Indiana wish to make any remarks on
the point of order?
Mr. KERR. Yes, sir; what I have to say
relates to the point, of order.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. My proposition is
that the? whole of the first twenty-live lines of
the second section remain open to amend-
ment. I think that is the proper way to treat
the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear
the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. KERR. I was saying that ever since
the committee entered upon this business this
morning I have been trying to get the atten-
tion of the Chair, in order that, 1 might move
to amend line nine by striking out ten per
cent, and inserting fifteeu per cent.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. So have I.
Mr. KERR. Now I desire to submit to the
Chair that the ruling which is insisted upon
by the chairman of the committee and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, seems to me to
involve a surprise upon the committee, and to
be entirely ctutside of any reasonable applica-
tion of parliamentary rules. It denies to us
the privilege of proceeding -with this business
in anything like intelligent order.
The CHAIRMAN, The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox J moves to strike out the
tenth and eleventh lines, and to insert what
was read by the Cierk. The point of order
made by the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Eames] is that that is inconsistent with
what the committee have already adopted.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I submit that the
committee have adopted nothing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will direct
the Clerk to read the rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
" If an ftmondraont be proposed inconsistent with
ono already agreed to, it is a fit ground l'or its rejec-
tion by the House, but not within the competence
of the Speaker to suppress as if it were against
order."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair therefore
overrules  
Mr. DAWES. I trust the proposition of
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Finkisln-
burg] will be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the pointof order made by the gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Eames.] The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] now proposes to
strike out the tenth and eleventh lines, and to
substitute therefor what has beep read. Pend-
ing that, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] offers a molion. Will the gentleman
from Indiana state what his proposition is?
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest that by gen-
eral consent the whole of the first twenty-
five lines of the section be treated as one para-
graph.
Mr. KERR. Oh, no.
The CHAIRMAN. That requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. EAMIiS. I object.
Mr. KERR. I object. I hope the Chair
will allow me to say that I do not object be-
cause I want to be captious about this matter,
but because I want to understand what it
means. I do not object to anything that will
facilitate action 011 this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot ex-
plain what it means. The gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Fwcelnbubo, J who proposed
it, perhaps can explain it.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. My idea is this :
a substitute is now pending for the first twenty-
five lines of this section. I want to retain the
ordinary privilege of amending the text of the
bill as long as the committee may choose to
consider amendments to that text, and then
we can proceed to consider and act upon thu
substitu te.
Mr. DAWES. That is just exactly what I
asked for last Monday, and I congratulate the
committee upon seeing the propriety of it. I
desire that it may be adopted ; I want it to be
adopted ; it is the only fair way of considering
the bill.
Mr. COX. It is not the same proposition
as the gentleman made last Monday.
Mr. DAWES. Well, it is the same with a
difference.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state
that he understands that to be the rule already ;
the text will be open to amendment, and after-
ward the substitute moved by the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Bkck] will be voted upon.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
proposed an amendment, and the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kuan] proposed an amend-
ment.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The only difficulty
is that the Chair has ruled that the first nine
lines have been read and passed. _
Mr. KERR. My amendment is in line six,
to strike out ."ninety" and insert "eighty-
