4238
THE CONGrKESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
June 4,
hears no objection to tbe present consideration
of the resolution and it is before the Senate.
The resolution was adapted.
CIVIL APPROP1UATION BILL.
> Mr. COLE. Now, I hope we shall go on
with the appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. It.
No. 2705) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, which was on page 15, from line three
■ hundred and forty-nine to line three hundred
and fifty-seven, to strike out the following
proviso at the close of the appropriation fi>r
continuation of the construction of the build-
ing for the Department of Stale :
Promtkd. That no part of tho money appropriated
by this bill for erecting any public building shall be
expended except upon contracts duly ontered into
in pursuance of advertising lor proposals for the
work and materials, and which contracts shall be
let to the lowest biddor, who shall give bonds for tho
performance of the said con tract or contracts : Pi<>-
wUM.fui/ker, That this provision shall only apply
to public buildings under tho control of tho Treasury
Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following amendment, which was sent to the
Committee on Appropriations, and by some
inadvertence not acted upon, although I think
they are all in favor of it 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator fumi Vermont that
it is not. in order to offer amendments until
the amendments reported by the Committee
on Appropriations are gone through with.
Mr. COLE. Do I understand the Senator
to offer the amendment to be referred to the
committee?
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. No; it was
offered, and by some omission not acted upon
by the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot receive the amendment at this time,
according to the usage of the Senate. The
•Secretary will procecd with the reading of the
bill.
'1 ho reading of tho bill was continued. The
next, amendment of Iho Committee on Appro-
jiiiation.i was on page 10, line three hundred
and sixty five, to reduce the appropriation to
commence the erection of a building at Cin
cinniiti, Ohio, for the, aoeomuiodtuion of the
United States courts, custom-house, United
States depository, &c., from $tiu0,000 to
$70(1,000.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. POMERO\. The Committee on Pub-
lic .Buildings and Grounds in all propositions
of this character insist that, before any of the
money shall be expended the title .shall be se-
cured to the United Stales, and the Slate re-
linquish its jurisdiction and its right, to tax.
I do not see anything of that soil in these
provisions.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has been done. !
The PRESIDING OFFICE It. The Chair |
will state lliat all those questions will arise
when the amendments of the committee are
gone through with. At the present time the
question does not propeily aiise.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has already been
done by the Stale.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will proceed wiib the reading ot the bill.
'ihe reading of the bill was continued. The
next amendment ot ihe Committee on Appro-
priations was on poge 17, line thiee hundred
and ninety, after Hie word "act," to strike
out the remainder ot the clause m the follow-
ing words:
And the balance? of appropriationsfor the current
lisoaf jear tor the construction ot public, buildings
winch may remain unexpended at tbe close ot Ibis
fiscal ycai are hcicby reiipinopriatcd ; and any bal-
ance ot appropriation made tor the building for
post ofliee axitl tub-Treasury in Boston, Massachu-
setts, is hereby authorized to be applied to the con-
structing and furnishing the necessary furniture and
outfit for the said building, and preparing tbe
approaches thereto, and tho sidewalks around the
same.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend that
amendment by retaining all of that portion
proposed to be stricken out after the word
" reappropriated," in line three hundred and
ninety-three.
The Cxiiep Ci.erk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by striking out the following
words:
And the balances of appropriations for the cur-
rent fiscal yoar for the construction ot public build-
ings which ruay remain unexpended at the close of
this tiscal year are hereby reappropriated.
Mr. SAWYER. Before the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts is acted upon I
think it would be well to have a letter on this
subject from the Secretary of the Treasury
read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it this is like all
these transfer balances of appropriations. If
the Senator from Massachusetts wants any
given sum to finish the work on the Boston
post office, let it be appropriated; but let ihese
balances go into the Treasury. 1 am very glad
to see that the Committee on Appropriations
stand upon that principle. Then if the De-
partments want money we know how much
money is appropriated.
_ Mr. BDJVI0NDS. The greatest reforma-
tion, with all respect to the reformers, who
are always absent when we have these ques-
tions before us 
Mr. WILSON. Let us have the facts first
as they are stated in that letter of the Secre-
tary of tbe Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand the facts
as well as the Kecretaiy of the Treasury. We
know what we are about. Tbe greatest reform
that lias been accomplished since this Admin-
istration or any Administration began, was the
reform accomplished by my honorable friend
from Maine [Mr. Morisiu.J when in the act
of 1870 lie cut up these balances of appro-
ptiations root and brunch, and having done
Unit, millions have been saved to the people
of this country alteudy, and we have biought
the public expenditures into a compass that
we can undeisuind every time we are called
upon to appropriate money precisely what we
are doing and what has become of ttie money.
Now it is proposed, and has been a hundred ;
times perhaps already, to make an insidious
retrogression by putling clauses into the ap-
propriation bills holding up for some special
purpose the old balances. So far Congress
tins stoutly resisted these attempts of the
Departments to go back to the old order of
things, and this very year in all the body of
appropriation bills that we have passed, we
have appropriated lor public buildings, cus-
tomhouses, and post offices, upon the theory
that the old balances go back into ihe Treas-
ury. Now, then, it' you agree to the amend-
ment of the Senator Irom Massachusetts, you j
give more to the Boston post office than tbe i
foundation statute intended should be given; !
you give what we have given iu the legislative i
bill and in the other bills, whatever they may I
be, and then in addition you give the old bal !
since which we took into consideration when j
we made the legular appropriation. So that j
to agree to ihe amendment ot' the Senator i
from Massachusetts would be a contiivance m I
reality to get for the Boston post office mote
than has been demanded for it and more than
Congiess intended to give. I hope the amend-
ment will not be agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have the letter
of the Secretary read, and let the Senate
understand the facts, and then, if we stand on
anything, let us stand on principle.
Mr. liDM UNDS. So say I.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Upon an examination ot the bill(H.It.No.270.5)
Providing appropriations tor sundry civil expenses
of the Government, as repoiled by the Senace Com-
mittee ou Appropriations on the 29th instant, X find
on page 17, at line three hundred and ninety, that
the committee has stricken out tho section provid-
ing for the reappropriationof balances of apnropria-
tions tor the construction of public buildings, which
passed tho House of Representatives.
"On the 19th ultimo I addressed a letter to the
chairman of the Senate Committee on Appropria-
tions, transmitting theformofa,bill designed to make
appropriations for the construction of public build-
ings continuous. The legislation therein proposed
would, I still think, bo better than the provision
included in the Mouse bill, and wbioh the Senate
comrnitteo has stricken out. But, I invite your at-
tention to the tact that unless some legislation is
had upon this subject either general, as provided
in tho bill transmitted with my letter, or special, as
provided in the section referred to, it will become
necessary to suspend all operations, on the 30th
proximo, upon many of the moat, important public
buildings now in the course of erection by this
Department.
"In lioo throe hundred and ninety-three, on the
same page, 1 see that the Senate committee had also
stricken out the p.ti.igraph pmviding for the appli-
cation of a certain balance to tho furnishing of tiio
Boston post office, and preparing tho appiofiehes
thereto. This matter was fully explained to the
House committee, and I cau see no reason why it
should be stricken from the bill unless the Senate
committee deem it advisable to delay the completion
of that important work."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say one word
in respect to that letter. I have had the honor
of an interview with the Secretary of the
Treasury since the date of that, letter, in which
this matter was discussed ; and I must say, with
all my friendship for the honorable Secretary,
I think he cuts it a little too strong, to use a
common phrase, when he puts it, '• unless the
Senate committee wish to delay the prosecu-
tion of public works." He has no right to say
that. On the contrary, the Senate Committee
on Appropriations wish to prosecute public
works that are authorized by law, but, they do
not wish that, a dollar of the public money shall
be expended for such purposes that has not
been regularly appropriated so that we know
liovv it is to be accounted for. There is Ihe
difference. It, is true there are inconveniences
in this method of having the law,
There are greater inconveniences, enormous
abuses, on the other side; and the only ques-
tion, therefore, is in balancing conveniences
and inconveniences, difficulties on one side
and difficulties on the other, where you are
to strike tho true line of security. We have
found, and I am sure tho Senator from Maine
will bear me out in what I say, that a great
leform has been accomplished in holding
strictly to the provisions of the act of 1870;
indeed a much larger reform than even we
anticipated when wo carried that measure
through. In a thousand different ways it has
cropped out that abuses in expenditure which
were not even suspected when we passed that
bill, and which were the culmination of years
and years and years through mauy Adminis-
trations, have been detected and cut off. It
is natural that each one of these Departments
(because it is not peculiar to the Treasury
alone, but to every one of them) should ask
you in their particular case to make an excep-
tion for them. Sir, let us stand by this law,
and whatevei money is necessary let us appro-
priate it man-fashion and directly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. * So far as
the public buildings are concerned, where the
bills author zing them are in terms such as have
been reported by the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds of tho Senate, it does
not make a particle of difference whether the
unexpended balances are covered into the
Treasury or not, for the reason that in every
instance for a long time there has been no
building authorized by the committee of the
Senate, and 1 do not recollect of a bill of the
House that they amended in this particular in
which the amendment failed, in which wo have
not limited the amounts of expenditure and
provided that, there should be no expenditure
until the plan of the building had been made
al'd approved by the Secretary of the Treasury.
This amendment will be an inconvenience,
for instance, in Oregon, where an appropria-
tion was made and limited, and they have a
sufficient amount of money to complete the
