2446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
under the appropriation that was made for the
removal of this great obstruction to the navi-
gation of this, I believe, the third river in
this.part of the continent. Then came that
pblincal change in which improvement became
a political issue, and the improvements were
stopped. Since the war our engineer depart-
ment, under the instruction from Congress,
have resurveyed atid reestimaied the work. In
the first session of the present Congress an esti-
mate was made of $25,000 only for the im-
prfivement of the Tennessee river, and it was
limited to certain works in operation. Subse-
quently a report came in asking for a further
appropriation of $25,000. I submit that for
this important work, so essential to the com-
merce of several large States, the $50,000
which I ask in this amendment is certainly not
an immodest request on our part. I trust there
will be no objection to giving us at least that
sum.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Maynard ; and it was
agreed to, upon a division—ayes 74, noes 48.
Mr. W HIT THORN E. I move to amend
by inserting after the pending paragraph the
following: "for the improvement of the Ten-
nessee river between Florence, Alabama, and
Danville, Tennessee, $25,000."
I simply desire a vote upon this amendment.
All that has been said in favor of the import-
ance of the Tennessee river has been heard
by the House.
Mr. CONGER. That is within the same
limits that the other appropriation is for, and
upon the same subject.
The amendment moved by Mr. Whitthorne
was not, agreed to.
Mr. SLOSS. I move to amend the pending
paragraph by striking out the words''below
Chattanooga, including the Muscle shoals," and
inserting the words "belowthe Muscle shoals."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GOLLADAY._ I move to insert after
the pending paragraph " for the improvement
of Cumberland river, in Tennessee, $20,000."
The Commiti.ee on Commerce had belore them
the report of the engineer who surveyed the
Cumberland river, to which I wish to call the
attention of this House. That report states:
Jmwovnnent of the Cumberland 1liver below Nash-
ville, Tennrif/cp.—Contriu'K have been entered into
for removing the old pier foundation at Nashville,
and for removing the obstructions at Nashville and
Uower's IsUnd, and at llarpotli shoals, us far as the
moans available will permit. The preparations for
doing the work have been commenced, and the
officer in charge believes that if the stage of the
river proves to be tavorabie, the work will be com-
pleted during the present season.
Amount estimated as the cost of this work (see spe-
cial report survey oi the Cumberland river, of
January 20,1871) $248,821
Appropriated by aet of March 3,1871  30,000
Amount still required $218,821
No money was received and none expended during
the fiscal year.
Remaining July 1,1871  $30,000
Required for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1873  218,821
Now, I desire to say to the House that I
can see no reason why, if it was expected that
this bill should contain appropriations to the
amount of five or six million dollars, when
they had belore them the report of the engin-
eer upon the subject, the amount necessary to
complete the improvement of the Cumberland
river was not appropriated here. What has
been appropriated to the State of Tennessee?
Her two grand rivers, the Tennessee and the
Cumberland, are both important streams to
us, and connect other States with our own.
But when you turn to this bill you will find
one appropriation for the Tennessee river and
none tor the Cumberland; and yet the State
of Michigan has appropriated by this bill
$730,000 to her alone. Then turn to the
appropriations for the States of Wisconsin,
Indiana, New York, and all those States that
have appropriations in this bill, and you will
find large appropriations for them. Yet the
great State of Tennessee, the fifteenth in the
Union in point of wealth and the amount of
taxes she pays into the Treasury of the United
States, can get only a small appropriation for
the Tennessee river, although the Committee
on Commerce had before them the report of
the engineer showing how much will be needed
by the end of the fiscal year in 1873 on the
Cumberland river also.
I am entirely willing to take a very mode-
rate appropriation for the present; but I desire
that some work shall be done, though I am
assured by gentlemen on the committee that
at the next session we will have a favorable
consideration of an appropriation for the im-
provement of this river. I therefore ask the
House to give us a small sum, $20,000, in
order that the work on this river may not die
out.
Mr. CONGER. The very fact that there
remains of an appropriation heretofore made
the sum of $20,000 to be expended during the
next year is a sufficient answer to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Golladay.] The
necessities of that river and of the engineer
department are not so great as to require us
to add to one appropriation still unexpended
another appropriation for this year.
The amounts which the committee propose
to appropriate are for work to be done slowly
from time to time according to the exigencies
of the water in the rivers. The engineer is
not yet ready, but he hopes he will be at the
next session of Congress, to continue the work.
That is the reason why we do not pile up an
additional appropriation upon one already
unexpended, to await the contingencies of
the river.
I believe the Committee on Commerce have
given a fair and just consideration to the ne-
cessities of our navigable streams and harbors
throughout the Union, and have endeavored
(perhaps they have accomplished their en-
deavor imperfectly) to do justice to all parts of
the country. We certainly have labored hp.rd
enough; we have carefully studied the reports;
and in this case we think it better that only
the expenditure now proposed be made, and
that next year there be an additional appro-
priation which we will report as soon as the
necessity arises.
The question being taken on Mr. Goi.laday's
amendment, there were—ayes 43, noes 67.
Mr. GOLLADAY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Goluvday
and Mr. Conger were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 72, noes 55.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the improvement of the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river, Louisiana, $155,000.
Mr. SHELDON. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to move to insert
after the clause just read the following :
For improvement of Calcasieu pass, in the State
of Louisiana, $15,000.
Mr. SAWYER. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
^ For the improvement of Galveston harbor, Texas,
$10,000.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I move to amend
by striking out the clause just read, and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the following:
For removal of obstructions to navigation between
Bolivar channel and Houston, Texas, making a
channel through Red Fish bar, $10,003 : Provided,
That said channel shall be located at the most prac-
ticable point for its ultimate deepening to the aver-
age depth of Galveston bay.
Mr. SAWYER. That does not increase the
appropriation. The committee make no objec-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. HANCOCK. I trust that if any change
be made in the bill it will be made in accord-
ance with the recommendation contained in
the report of the engineer corps. The $16,000
proposed to be appropriated by the bill is, as
1 understand, for the purpose of making still
further explorations as to what may be done
in the way of deepening the channel and get-
ting permanent water on the outer bar. A
recent report, which probably has not been
considered by the committee, proposes that a
still further amount of $15,000, if 1 am cor-
rectly informed, be appropriated for that pur-
pose. The deepening of the channel is an
independent and distinct subject-matter ; and
for this purpose the report asks an appropria-
tion of $135,000; that is, for facilitating the
communication between the cities of Galves-
ton and Houston, forwhich purpose I have an
amendment prepared. According to the re-
port of the engineers who have made the sur-
vey $16,000 would be simply nothing for the
accomplishment of the work contemplated by
their report; it would effe'et nothing toward
the object in view; it would he just $16,000
thrown away. I trust, therefore, that the
amendment of my colleague [Mr. Clark, of
Texas] will not be adopted.
' Mr. CLARK, of Texas. If my colleague
[Mr. Hancock] had examined the report of
the engineers and had made himself familiar
with this case, he would not, have made the
remarks he has just submitted. On page 518
of the engineer's report it is recommended
that $16,000 be appropriated for dredging
Galveston harbor. In the same report the
engineer-in-ehief states that this process of
dredging will prove but of temporary relief
and ultimately will be a failure. Taking that
report five weeks ago I submitted to the House
a resolution asking for a resurvey of Galves-
ton harbor, with a view to some permanent
improvement. I know so far as the Chamber
of Commerce of the city of Galveston and the
Chamber of Commerce of Houston are con-
cerned, they have arrived at the same con-
clusion with General Humphreys, chief of the
corps of engineers, and Major Howell, the
engineer in charge of the works at Galveston,
that the $16,000 appropriated in this bill for
dredging had better be appropriated for cut-
ting a channel through Red Fish bar, as rec-
ommended in the engineer's report. The
money recommended to be appropriated for
the survey of Galveston harbor is not provided
for in this bill. It is impossible to find out
the amount required, because the engineer-in-
chief states it may take from three to twelve
months to devise a plan, so that Galveston
harbor could be improved and made such a
port as is required for Texas. The survey,
however, is ordered in this bill. The merchants
and business men of Galveston are aroused and
are in earnest with regard to this matter.
' I know my colleague, if he had investigated
the subject thoroughly, would not have made
any objection to the amendment I have offared.
The statement made in the engineer's report
is a plain one, so plain " that he who runs may
read," that we must have a long, tedious, and
exhaustive survey of Galveston harbor before
means can be devised for any permanent and
satisfactory improvement.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
amendment will not be adopted. The en-
gineer's report, page 65, shows that there has
been expended on Galveston harbor $120,000,
and recommends an additional appropriation
to complet.etheworksof$16,000. ifweadopt
the amendment of the gentleman from Texas
we simply substitute his recommendation for
the recommendation of the engineer depart-
ment,, after having expended $120,000 on the
work, the recommendation of the engineer
department being that only $16,000 is required
in addition.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And further-
more, if the gentleman from Maine will allow
me to interrupt him, if we adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Texas, we will
transfer the appropriation to a work not yet
commenced, away from a work which is nofl
