1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4239
building. It will be an inconvenience also at
Omalia, where a sufficient amount of money
is now appropriated to complete it without
taking this new appropriation in this bill to
which I am opposed, forl.am in favor of mak-
ing the Treasury Department comply with the
law, and not expend $171,000 where only
$100,000 was originally authorized, and the
appropriation limited to that sum.
Now, I should hope, in relation to these
public buildings, where the amount has been
absolutely limited by law, the plans have been
made and approved, and the sum has been
appropriated, that that sum will not be suffered
to fait back inio the Treasury and have to be
reappropriated. I think it would be an in-
convenience, and would be no economy.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My attention has
been called to this provision by the Senator
from Oregon, who is how absent, [Mr. Cob-
bett,] with the desire that I should offer an
amendment. I suppose it is not in order now.
I see the inconveniences which are anticipated
to arise from striking out this clause; but I
rather agree on the whole with the necessity
of adhering to. the rale. I think I know prac-
tically the inconveniences or the detriment to.
the Treasury by the former construction, and
I should regret extremely to see this rule
relaxed. It occurs to me that the difficulty
anticipated by the Senator from Massachusetts,
and also by the Senator from Oregon, may be
obviated by an amendment to this bill making
an appropriation to cover this deficiency. 1
so suggested to the Senator from Oregon, and
he has left with me an amendment, of which
notice has been given, and at the proper time,
this not beiug that time, if he is not here I
shall offer an amendment which will cover the
balance that would be covered into the Treasury
if this provision is passed.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the effect of the
amendment generally ?
Mr. MORRILL of Maine. The amendment
is to this effect: there being a balance of
appropriation unexpended for the Portland
custom-house in Oregon, by the law to which
reference has been made it will be covered
into the Treasury at the end of the fiscal year,
and so lost for that particular purpose, and
being lost, and no appropriation having been
made this year, as they were relying upon that
balance, they will be without means to carry
on the work. So instead of a general provision
like this touching all cases, an amendment will
be proposed to meet that particular case.
Mr. COLE, There is no objection to a re-
appropriation of a specific amount as a reap-
propriation, so that it may appear on the face
of the law to be a reappropriation.
Mr. MOliRILL, of Maine. I suggest to
the Senator from Massachusetts that the same
thing can be done in this case.
Mr. WILSON. I will withdraw the motion
with that understanding.
Mr. SAWYER. There are a great many
cases of the same kind. The Portland, .Ore-
gon, case is not a singleone. The whole light-
house establishment is in the same condition.
Nearly all our public.buildings in the course
of construction are in the same condition.
Our public buildings ought to be excepted
from the general covering-in act, there being
peculiar reasons why the balances in the case
of public buildings should not be covered in
which do not exist in regard to the ordinary
balances of appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
what the ditference is ?
Mr. SAWYER. Simply because the carry-
ing on of the work and the employment of
hundreds of thousands of men depend upon it,
and the suspension of the work is a loss of
thousands of dollars.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask the Senator
if the same rule does not apply to all the Army
expenditures, the appropriations for fortifica-
tions and the transportation of supplies?
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator if we
stop feeding the Army because balances are
covered into the Treasury?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir, you do not, be-
cause you reappropriate the money ; you know
what you are about; but lam asking the Sen-
ator whether the same rule he is arguing does
not apply to the case of fortifications?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask him if it does not
apply to the river and harbor bill ?
Mr. SAWYER. No; it does not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not?
■Mr. SAWYER. For this reason : the work
on rivers and harbors is work which, in some
instances, may be suspended without loss; but
to suspend work on the New York post office
for one week or for one month, and begin
again, would cause an immense loss to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it to be presumed that
Congress would arbitrarily suspend work when
it ought not to be done ? Cannot Congress be
trusted to make the annual appropriations for
public buildings?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If you cannottrust Con-
gress you cannot trust anybody.
Mr. SHERMAN. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Vermont entirely. My attention
was called to this subject since and during the
war, and I aided the Senator from Maine in
bringing about this reform. There were more
gross and scandalous abuses growing out of
transferring appropriations and using unex-
pended balances than in all the other depart-
ments of the Government combined. If you
keep the power of Congress over these appro-
priations and make them annually for the ser-
vice of each fiscal year, and do not confine
this matter to any branch of the service, hut
extend it to all without favor, you will then
have some power of control over appropria-
tions. But if you allow balances appropri-
ated for one year to be carried over into the
next, sometimes transferred, the power of
Congress over appropriations is entirely gone.
During one year of Johnson's administration
more than twenty million dollars was expended
in this way without any knowledge of Con-
gress on the subject, or any control by Con-
gress over the expenditures. In 'one case
in the War Department they reported to us
that they only wanted one or two millions for
a particular branch, and it was found they had
$10,000,000 of balances of appropriaiions
standing over, and that explains the reason
why they made such small estimates ; so that
we actually deceived and misled the people
by our appropriations, and the money ex-
pended far exceeded the appropriations, and
when they were called to account for it they
said they had balances of some past year.
Money that was appropriated for the support
of the Army in the trying times of the war
was used as late as 1869 for purposes other
than those designed by Congress.
For one, while I have a seat on this floor I
will sustain the Committee on Appropriations
in standing hy the principle of annual appro-
priations. Sir, it is a constitutional principle.
They do the same thing in England. The
annual budget is maintained there ; and so also
by our Government. Theframers of our Con-
stitution contemplated annual appropriations,
so that Congress from year to year would pass
upon the expenditures of the Government. I
am glad therefore to see the spirit manifested
by the Senator from Vermont to adhere to the
rule as laid down in 1870. While the Depart-
ments may complain of it, it is the business
of Congress to see that the rule is applied. If
they want any specific sum of money to carry
on a work that is unfinished, let them come
here, and I have no doubt they will get the
appropriation promptly and fairly made. If,
however, Congress desires to suspend opera-
tions or limit expenditures, as a matter of
course it will be done; but if there is any
proper subject of expenditure the demand for
it will be promptly met by Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy in the chair.) The chair understands the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
to be withdrawn.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say one word on
this subject. The allusions of the Senator
from Ohio to the gross abuses that existed with
regard to the transfer of balances from one
appropriation to another, and with regard to
the carrying of balances from one year to an-
other prior to the passage of the act. of July 12,
1870, requiring all these balances to be covered
in, relate to a very different matter from the
pending question. The question here is an
appropriation for a building, the amount re-
quired for which we know exactly, and can
know from year to year. Take, for instance,
the post office at New York. It is limited by
the act making the appropriation two years
ago to a certain sum. We know just exactly
how much has been appropriated to it. We
do not know exactly, though I presume it may
be in some of the documents submitted to us,
but it is not before us now, how much of that
balance may remain unexpended at the end
of the present fiscal year; but the calculations
of the Treasury Department in making the
estimates have been based on the fact that
whatever had been appropriated to the New
York post office would be carried over, because,
as I said, it was known that the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds intended to
propose an amendment of that kind in the
case of public buildings.
Now, my friend from Ohio well knows that
during the war there was a law passed au-
thorizing appropriations for Army and Navy
purposes to be transferred from one account
to another ; an appropriation which was made
for ordnance might be carried to the engineer
department; an appropriation made for cloth-
ing might be used for provisions, &c. All
that old system is abandoned. I know that
at one time there were $17,000,000 of unex-
pended balances in the Navy Department
arising from various appropriations made
during the war. We knew nothing about
them, because they had unlimited power of
transferring them from one head to another.
This is no such case as that. This is a case
where we do know exactly what the appropri-
ation is for, a particular building. We can go
to the report of the Secretary and know how
much has been expended for it. We do know
in this individual case exactly how much we
have appropriated for it, how much balance
there is, and what this clause appropriates. We
know there is about fifty seven thousand dol-
lars appropriated for furniture and granite
approaches to the Boston custom-house. Why
not, knowing all these facts, they being abso-
lutely definite, not indefinite, not beyond our
control, let the proposition that is made here
by the Treasury Department stand when it is
not subject to any of the abuses to which the
law to which my friend from Ohio has referred
was subject?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 17, after line four
hundred and two, to insert the following clause :
For machinery and apparatus for the new branch
mint building at San Francisco, California,SluO.OOU.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 18, after
line four hundred and thirty-four, to inseit the
following clause:
For a light-house-and steam fog-signal at the
southerly end of lilock Island, ontrauco to Long
Island sound, $75.u(M.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 21, after
line four hundred and ninety-five, to insert
the following clause:
For asecond-cla«s lighten ornearHuntingIsland,
South Carolina, $25,000; and such site as may be
