1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2447
in progress. I hope we will stand by the text
of the bill, and let, the appropriation stand as
reported by the committee and recommended
by the engineer department.
Mr. LYNCH. If we are going in the House
to adopt amendments of that sort, without
knowing anything about them, when we have
the recommendation before the House of the
engineer department, and the report of the
Commiitee on Commerce in accordance with
that recommendation, we shall be at sea upon
ail these matters. I hope the amendment will
be rejected.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HANCOCK. I move to amend by
adding after line one hundred and seventy-
six, on page 8, what I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the excavation of a six-foot channel across
Reil Fish bar and Olopper's bar, at the junction of
Buff.do bayou and Galveston bay. Texas, one hun-
dred feet in width, the sum of $125,000 is hereby
appropriated.
Mr. HANCOCK. I now ask the Clerk to
read the following report from the engineer in
charge.
The Clerk read as follows:
United States Engineer's Office,
New Orleans, Louisiana, April 4,1871.
General: I have the honor to report that, in
obedience to instructions contained in engineer
department letter, dated July 23,1870, I have caused
to be made a survey and examination at Buffalo
bayou for a channel of navigation thiough Buffalo
bayou and Galveston bay to Bolivar channel, near
the outer b.ir in the Gait ot Mexico.
I forward herewitn the report of First Lieutenant
H. AI. Adams, corpd of engineers, United States
Army, who was charged with the conduct <?£' the
survey ; also the maps to which he refers in his
report.
The recommendation made by Lieutenant Adams
>s concurred in, so Iar as relates to the excavation
of a six-ioot channel across lied Fish bar and Olop-
per's bay. one hundred feet in width. Estimated
expense, £62.805.
It should be remarked that this estimate contem-
plates having the work done by contract, at fifty
cents per cubic yard. Should the work be author-
ized by Congress, the engineer placed in charge may
find himself forced to purchase dredges, scows, and
lugs with which to prosecuteit; ihusinvolvinggreater
expense than estimated. In view of this contin-
gency. I think it advisable to increase the estimate
to $1*25,OOU. . , .
Tuere will further be required an annual appro-
priation (the amount of which may not now be esti-
mated) for mainteu mce of channel.
Betore tfco United States Government assumes
charge ot ttlis work, tbe right of the Houston Direct
Navigation Company to collect tolls on vessels goin g
no further up the bayou than Harrisburg should be
extinguished, after reimbursing this company for
money they may have expended in making valuable
improvements below Harrisburg. .
The work is situated in the collection district of
Galveston, between the ports of Galveston and
Houston, and near the light-houses on Red iJish
bar and ClopDcr's bar, Galveston bay,
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, qw HOWELL,
Captain of Eaginett s, United States Army.
Brig. Gen. A. A. Humphreys, Chief of Engineers,
United States Army, Washington, D. 0.
Mr. HANCOCK. The House will observe
my amendment is in strict accordance with the
report of the engineer-in-chief who made this
survey. I am not disposed to complain of the
amount appropriated to other sections of the
United States, and I find no fault with the
geography of the gentleman who claims that,
Michigan has a longer coast-line than any
other five States of the Union ; but I think 1
may say that the coast-line of Texas is enti-
tled to more than $16,000 of these appropri-
ations which aggregate $4,900,000; of which
sum, I believe, as near as I can gather from
the estimates, about eight hundred thousand
dollars is given to the State of Michigan alone.
I presume, sir, that it is properthat that amount
should be appropriated for the improvements
there. Doubtless the improvements are neces-
s'-iry and ought to be made. The gentlemen
making the reports are probably familiar with
the wants of that section of the country, and
are therefore in a position to present its claims.
But I venture to say that the interests of that
section can present no greater claim than do
the interests of Texas with reference to the
making of this improvement.
Here is an improvement at a point over
which passes the commerce of at least a mil-
lion people. All the bulky freights which
pass between Texas and New Orleans must
necessarily pass along Galveston bay and Buf-
falo bayou, and the recommendation here is
that the water may be sufficiently deepened
.to enable that commerce to have such facil-
ities as we have a right to expect for it at the
hands of the Government. This does not
interfere in any way with the outer bar.
This is a distinct and independent subject of
improvement. It is located some forty miles
from the outer bar, where the $16,000 is ap-
propriated for the purpose of deepening the
channel and determining whether the object
can be accomplished of having a permanent
deeper channel there.
I hope the House will not consider that this
amount is 'greater than Texas has a right to ex-
pect, in view of the amount ot commerce that
will be subserved by this appropriation. I de-
sirebefore my time expires to statethat I offered
this amendment at the request of the mercan-
tile community in the cities between which this
is the line of communication. If the gentle-
man who happens to represent that particular
section of the State at the present time does
not agree with me, there is no reason why we
should not have the facilities that' are here
asked for. My constituents are immediately
interested in the improvement of this naviga-
tion. for it is there this channel for the com-
merce of my own town and all sections of the
State must necessarily come; and this being
a work that is approved of and recommended
by the board of engineers, I trust the House
will do us the justice to grant this appropria-
tion. , , .
Mr. CONGER. The committee thought it
was more desirable that an appropriation for
Galveston harbor should be made, to perfect,
the harbor, which is now the common harbor
for the town of the gentleman who has just
spoken, and other towns there, than for this
new work, the expense of which, the engineer
himself says, is uncertain. It maybe $60,000
or it may be $125,000. We cannot tell. The
! committee think, as also does the engineer,
; that it is better to make the appropriation to
| deepen the channel in Galveston harbor, which
is the common receptacle of the trade of all
these other surrounding towns, than to com-
mence a new work. I think the House will
think so, too. I ask for a vote on the proposi-
tion. I will only say further that this is the
largest appropriation bill for rivers and harbors
that has ever been permitted to pass through
the House,"and if these amendments are put
on, still further increasing it by any consider-
able amount, the bill may be lost entirely.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Hancock, there were—ayes 43, noes 84.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the improvement of the Tangipahoa river,
Louisiana, $2,509.
Mr. SHELDON. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after the paragraph
which has just been read :
For removing the wreck of the gun-boat Oregon
from the Chiiunote river, $6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the improvement of Mobile harbor and bay,
Alabama, $50,000.
Mr. HAYS. I move to amend by striking
out " 850,000" and inserting " $100,000." 1
desire to say that Mobile is one of the largest
exporting cities on the whole southern coast.
We have asked for no appropriation except
this in the appropriation bill, and I hope the
amendment I have offered will be adopted.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to say that there
is already an unexpended appropriation of
$50,000 standing to the credit of Mobile har-
bor. I think it reaches $70,000, but I know
that it is as much as $50,000. That amount
will be expended this year with the $50,000
appropriated by this bill, making $100,000 in
all, the amount which the engineer requires for
the present year.
Mr. HAYS. The Secretary of the Treasury
recommends that $100,000'be appropriated.
Mr. CONGER. And the unexpended $50,-
000, with the $50,000 here, appropriated, will
make up that amount.
The question being taken on Mr. Hays's
amendment, there were—ayes 37. noes 85.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HAYS called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there were ten in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Tbe amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. TURNER. I move to amend the pend-
ing paragraph by striking out w $50,000" and
inserting " $75,000."
Mr. LYNCH. There was on hand unex-
pended of the last appropriation $79,285 ; and
that, with the $50,000 here appropriated, will
be enough for this year.
Mr. SAWYER. The Committee on Com-
merce thought we had been extremely liberal
for this harbor.
The amendment moved by Mr. Turner was
not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For the improvement of Savannah harbor and
bay, Georgia, ©SO,000.
Mr. McINTYRE. I move to amend the
paragraph justread by striking out " $50,000"
and inserting "$100,000." I hold in my hand
the report of the engineer in charge of that
department, in which he states that it would
cost $250,500 to do this work. In that same
report he recommends that at this time there
shall be reported the sum of $128,700.
I do not move this amendment in a,ny cap-
tious spirit, but because I think the interest
of that particular locality requires the expend-
iture of a larger sum than is proposed to be
given by this bill. I desire, in addition to
what I have already said, to say that Savannah
is the only point in the State ot Georgia for
which it is proposed by this bill to appropriate
one single dollar for the benefit of the com-
merce of that State. There is no other point
upon its entire coast, no river within its bor-
ders, for which an appropriation is given m this
particular bill. The appropriations proposed
to be made for other points are some of them
very heavy. The State of New York has some
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ; the
State of Michigan has about eight hundred
thousand dollars, while only $50,000 is appro-
priated for the State of Georgia. I ask this
increase for an additional reason. To day
Savannah is the second city in commercial
importance in the South. New Orleans alone
receives more cotton than does Savannah.
Before the war Savannah never received more
than two hundred thousand bales of cotton in
a season, while since the war she has received
as high as seven hundred thousand bales m
one season, showing that the commerce o
that, city is rapidly increasing. _
I will also say to this House that since the
war Savannah has extended her railroad com-
munications into Florida and Alabama, an
has brought an increase of commerce to her
port. She desires and ought to have greater
tacilities for this commerce. Savannah is
located some fifteen or twenty miles from the
mouth of the Savannah river. When you
speak of Savannah harbor you mean not only
the port of Savannah, the part of the river
immediately in the vicinity ot that city, but
also that part of the river extending from the
city of Savannah to the bar, some fifteen or
twenty miles below the city. I feel that we
are not asking too much when we ask tor an
appropriation of $100,000. I do not ask that
