1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
safely steered, if we would not have her broken
to pieces against their jagged sides. The dis-
posal to settlers ill limned quantities of the
public land builds up a grand army of yeo-
manry, which in time of peace will make this
broad continent to blossom as the rose, and
which, in time of war, will prove a bulwark
against which the nations of the earth may
dash in vain ; but follow the policy of the last
twenty years on this question, and you build
up in the nation a land system which will ever
prove a weakness and a mockery to republican
institutions.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that a proposition
to amend the Constitution of the United States
is a matter of so serious and important a char-
acter as to demand the most profound consid-
eration of every American law-maker. But
this is no new question suddenly sprung upon
the attention of members. The people of the
great West, of all political parties, have been
for years demanding the very object for which
I here contend. It cannot be that gentlemen
have been deaf to these cries. They have pen-
etrated into every town, village, aud hamlet in
the land. It is true that this demand has taken
no deliuite shape j that no course has been
marked out for the attainment of the desired
result. But that that result is anxiously, ay,
prayerfully, looked for by the American poor
no gentleman on this floor will pretend to
deny. Knowing the difficulties attending the
passage of a constitutional amendment, I have
carefully considered every other mode that has
been suggested, but I find that they all fall
short of the object to be attained. Whatever
may be said on the stump or elsewhere, both
of the great political parties of the country
have decided by their action that Congress
has the constitutional power to give, grant, or
sell the public lands of the United States to
whom it pleases, and in limited or unlimited
, quantities.
In view of the facts of the ease it is some-
what amusing, even in so serious a matter,
to hear members of the Opposition berate the
party in power for granting lands to rail-
roads when a very trifling familiarity with the
statutes of the United Slates would show that
the Democratic parly inaugurated the system,
and that during the administration of Presi-
dent Pierce alone nearly five thousand miles
of railroad were subsidized with land grants
by a Democratic Congress. That the Repub-
licans have followed this example I do not
deny. I merely state the fact to show that
whatever partisans may say about the other
side being the sinner, both parties have de-
cided that the grants can be made under the
Constitution as it stands, and that therefore
the only remedy is to change the Constitution
itself.
While I believe that the building of the
great railway uniting the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans was demanded by every consideration
of patriotism and a wise public policy, and that
when that enterprise was inaugurated the pub-
lic welfare demanded that no consideration of
economy should prevent its early completion,
yet I think that the prodigality that a wise
statesmanship then dictated, has caused legis-
lators to lose sight of the necessities which then
pressed the nation, and to erect that grant into
a precedent for enriching any railroad com-
pany that has sufficient audacity to ask the
favor.
The railroad land-grant system is not the
only evil which this amendment would cure.
The infamous system of the private entry of
public lands would be forever crushed out;
the system by which the capitalist is made
richer, the poor of the country poorer, and by
which the Government does not gain one cent.
Mr. Speaker, it is, of course, unnecessary for
me to produce a long array of figures to show
the amount of land that has during the last j
nineteen years been given or sold at a nominal I
price to corporations and capitalists. These i
figures have been before you so often that
their immensity has lost its power to surprise
you. Suffice it to say, that one third of all this
vast patrimony of the people, or an area equal
to that of the thirteen original States, has thus
been squandered. Is it not time to pause ere
the remainder slip from our hands and all the
vast good of which it is susceptible be denied
us forever ? Surely it is time.
We can only judge of the future by the past,
and judging by that, before the year 1900, if
we follow the present system, every foot of
the public domain will have been concentrated
in the hands of large landed proprietors, and
the laboring poor will have been robbed of
that to which they have as just a claim as the
greatest capitalist in the laud.
Gentlemen may say that the system I pro-
pose will prevent the grant of land to States
for educational purposes. This is true, but it
does not prevent the grant to the States of
the proceeds of the sale of any portion of the
land. But I would have the title in fee remain
in the General Government until the settler
shall take it. Under this rule we would have
no awful perversion of the Government's
bounty; no system of State land laws which
robs the poor of all power to acquire the land,
and gives the rich every facility for making it
his own, as is now the case in some of the
States of this Union.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, very briefly and
very crudely, given some of the many reasons
that might be adduced why this amendment
should be ingrafted on the Constitution of the
Republic. If something be notdono, and that
quickly, the people's heritage will soon have
been taken from them to the last acre. But
take away the power of any future Congress to
dispose of the public lands except to settlers in
small quantities, and you can count on the
fingers of your two hands the years within
which the great West will be filled by a race
of hardy pioneers, whose homes will dot every
valley and deck every mountain side. They
will be lovers and defenders of freedom, too,
for on the other side of this continent our
grand old mountains, our boundless prairies,
our immense forests, and magnificent rivers
are alike the teachers and the temples of a
free and a brave people. The cry of the sav-
age beast and more savage Indian will be
drowned by the music of the Sabbath bells,
and cities and towns, and churches and schools,
and all the evidences of a higher, of American
civilization, will be seen from the Missouri river
to the Sierra Nevada. New States will spring
from the wilderness, like Minerva from the brain
of Jupiter, full-grown, armed and equipped,
ready for peace or war. And the time will
soon come when we may truly say that while—
"Thebes marched her thousands from a hundred
gates,
We march our millions from a hundred States!"
And now, in conclusion, let me say, Mr.
Speaker, that while I ask and hope that when
this resolution is placed upon its passage many
Democrats will support it, yet it is with pecu-
liar pleasure that I ask the Republican mem-
bers to assist me in placing this, the brightest
gem of all, in the crown of the great Repub-
lican party. It has much to be proud of. It has
by its actions, written the brightest page in the
world's history of freedom. It has conquered
a gigantic rebellion against this Republic and
thus saved to the humble and downtrodden
of all nations an asylum and a home, where
all men are equal before the law. It stretched
forth its arm and the manacles crumbled and
fell from the limbs of every slave in the land.
It passed the homestead law, more beneficent
in its purposes than any other law ever passed
by any nation of the earth. Let us add this
to the diadem of its brilliant deeds, that it
gave all the vast public domain as homes to
the toiling poor. Do this, and all the genera-
tions that are to come will rise up and call its
name blessed 1
LANDS TO THE SOLDIER.
Mr. DUELL. Mr. Speaker, two measures
are now pending before this House, designed
to do partial justice to the defenders of the
Union, in the success of which I feel a deep
interest. The one is a bill introduced by me
on the first, day of the present session, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
entitled "A bill granting bounty lands to
all honorably discharged soldiers and sailors
who were mustered into the service of the
United States in the war commenced in 1861
for the suppression of the rebellion.'1 That
bill is in the following words :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That every private soldier and officer
who has served in the Army of tlie United States
during the recent rebellion, and who was honorably
discharged, and has remained loyal to tho Govern-
ment, and every seaman, marine, and officer, orother
person who has sorved in the Navy of the United
States or in tho Marine corps during tho rebellion,
and who was honorably discharged, and has re-
mained loyal to the Government, shall be entitled to
receive a certificate or warrant from tho Department
of the Interior for one hundred and sixty acres of
land: Provided, That the person so having been in
service shall not receive said land-warrant if it shall
appear by the muster-roll of his regiment or corps
that he deserted or was dishonorably discharged
from service: Provided further, That the benefits of
this section shall bo held to extend to wagon-masters
and teamsters who may have been employed, under
direction of competent authority, in time of war, in
the transportation of military stores and supplies.
Sue. 2. That in case of tho death of any per-
son who, if living, would bo ontitled to acertifieate
or warrant as aforesaid under this act, leaving a
widow, or, if no widow, any minor child or chil-
dren, shall be entitled to receive a certificate or
warrant for the same quantity of land that such
deceased person would bo entitled to receive under
the provisions of this act if now living: Provided,
That a subsequent marriage shall not impair the
right of any such widow to such warrant it' 3he be a
widow at tho time of making her application : And
provided further. That those shall be considered
minors who are so at the time this act shall take
effect.
Sue. 3. That said certificates or warrants may be
assigned, transferred, and located by the warrantees,
their assignees, or their heirs-at-law, according to
the provisions of existing laws regulating the assign-
ment, transfer, and location of bounty-la.nd war-
rants. No warrant issued undor the provisions of
this act shall be located on anypublic lands except
such as shall at tho timo bo subject to sale at either
the minimum or lower graduated prices.
It will be seen, Mr. Speaker, that this bill
places the soldiers and sailors who served in
the war for the suppression of the rebellion
upon the same footing, in respect to bounty
lands, with those who served in the war of the
Revolution, the war of 1812, and the Mexican
war. It ingrafts no new principle upon the
legislation of the country in regard to our
bounty laws, but is in harmony therewith. Did
the men who served in the two wai s last named
show any more bravery, did they endure more
perils and sufferings and deprivations than did
those men who fought for the Union from 1861
to 1865? Then why withhold this pittance
from these brave men? Why make a distinc-
tion between those who have served their coun-
try with equal fidelity and patriotism ?
But it is said by those who oppose this meas-
ure that the amount of hind appropriated by
this bill is so enormous that it would absorb
nearly all of the public domain. Concede this
to be true; had we not better dispose of the
public lands in this way than to squander them
in projects for waste and plunder with which
we are presented every day? But the most
"extravagant calculation yet made by any of the
opponents of this measure only makes the num-
ber of acres to be appropriated in the shape of
bounties to the soldiers one hundred and sixty
millions. Hon. Mr. Julian, chairman of the
Committee on the Public Lands in the Tkirty
Niuth Congress, in an adverse report made by
him on a similar proposition, says :
" If we estimate at one million the number of
soldiers and seamen who may fairly claim bounties
on the score of a just equalization under the legis-
lation ot Congress, which is a very moderate estimate
according to official statements recently made by the
provost marshal general, one million land warrants
would be thrown into circulation by the policy of
land bounties. Computing that each warrant would
