2M8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
this appropriation shall be raised to the amount
recommended by the engineer department, that
is, $128,700. I simply propose to iucrease the
amount to $100,000. The engineer in charge
says it will take in the neighborhood of two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars to complete
the work.
Mr. CONGER, I would call the attention
of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. McIntyke]
to the fact that his appeal for sympathy on the
ground that his harbor has never received aid
from the General Government is a little unkind.
Perhaps no harbor in the United States has
been so generously dealt with, according to its
necessities, as the harbor of Savannah. Not
even the State of Michigan has received for the
improvement of its many and important har-
bors and rivers the encouragement which Savan-
nah has received. The Government has ex-
pended for the improvement of the harbor of
Savanah alone the sum of $341,073 66, outside
the appropriation here proposed. Now, the
sum of $341,000 is no small amount for a single
harbor. The gentleman may congratulate him-
self that he represents a harbor that has been
the pet of the Government, and has received
heretofore the most generous appropriations.
Let that pass, however.
Mr. STEVENSON. What is the matter
with this harbor?
Mr. CONGER. The matter with it is that
there have been sunk in the harbor of Savan-
nah several boats loaded with stone, which got
there the Lord knows how, and for what pur-
pose nobody knows, [laughter ; ] within the
last ten or fifteen years those boats loaded with
stone have been sunk in the channel of Savan-
nah harbor to keep somebody out or to keep
somebody in, X do not know which. They
ought to be removed some time or other,
although there is a channel around them for
vessels of as deep a draught as any that come
there.
Now, Mr. Speaker, $50,000 will remove
those boats which lie directly in the channel.
We propose to appropriate just enough to re-
move those obstructions in the direct chan-
nel. By whose fault those obstructions got
there I cannot tell', and do not care. But we
have appropriated money enough to remove
all the obstructions in the mid-channel—
those which obstruct the direct navigation.
There are other boats sunk along the side
which some time or other should be removed.
Next year the committee will probably report
an appropriation to make the channel still
larger, and for that purpose to remove the
obstructions lying on the edges of the river.
But we now propose a sufficient amount, ac-
cording to the report of the engineers, to make
a good and sufficient channel-of ample depth
for present purposes ; and this appropriation,
in addition to the $341,000 which has been
appropriated, ought to make Savannah har-
bor the best harbor of the South. I hope
that the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend by
striking out the last word. I make this motion
for the sake of hearing from the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. McIntyre] what is the
matter with this harbor.
Mr. MclNTYRE. The history of Savannah
harbor will be remembered by most gentlemen
here. During the revolutionary war hulks of
several vessels wore sunk in that harbor, and
from that cause there have been accumulations
of silt, sand, &c. I suppose the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Conger] intends to insin-
uate that during the war the confederate offi-
cers sunk other vessels there. That is true;
but let me say that since the close of the war
the city of Savannah has appropriated out of
her treasury, and actually expended upon the
harbor, over two hundred thousand dollars.
In view of this expenditure from our private
means, we feel we are not asking too much
when we call upon Congress to give at least
one half what the city herself has appropriated.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the gentleman
say that the only boats sunk in that harbor are
the old ones put there during the revolutionary
war? My impression is that those were re-
moved and that others have got there since.
Mr. MclNTYRE. I said expressly that
others were sunk there during the late war;
and I also said that the city of Savannah had
appropriated over two hundred thousand dol-
lars for the removal of those obstructions and
the improvement of that harbor.
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw my pro
forma amendment.
The question being taken on agreeing to
Mr. McIntyre's amendment, there were—
ayes 55, noes 59.
Mr. MclNTYRE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. McIntyre
and Mr. Sawyer were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes (51, noes 68.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. YOUNG. I move to amend the pend-
ing paragraph by striking out '1 fifty '' and
inserting "seventy-five," so as to provide for
an appropriation of $75,000.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 51, noes 63.
Mr. YOUNG called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Yousg and
Mr. Moore were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported-^ayes 57, noes 64.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the pending
paragraph by inserting $65,000 instead of
$50,000 as the amount of appropriation. I
am not in favor of making appropriations for
local improvements : but when it comes to
making improvements upon rivers and lakes
in which the people at large have an interest,
and when we consider the fact that this bill
makes an aggregate appropriation of nearly
live million dollars, it is nothing more than
just that we should examine how this money
is to be expended.
I have examined this bill carefully, and I find
there is only the sum of $811,000 in all these
appropriations which is distributed to'the im-
provement of rivers and harbors in the South,
while the balance, amounting to a sum of
$4,164,000, is distributed to the improvement
of the rivers and harbors in the North. And
1 notice, too, all the gentlemen who are on the
Committee on Commerce, or their States at
least, have a very large proportion of that
balance of $4,164,000. Their respective States
have by far the largest proportion of the bal-
ance of the appropriations, deducting the
$811,000 distributed to the South.
Now, sir, without discussing the question of
amnesty, which is more oj' less involved in the
equal, fair, and just consideration of this sub-
ject, without referring to the old Democratic
doctrine in reference to these river and harbor
improvements, I beg to call the attention of
the House to the unfairness of this bill which
gives only one fourth of this large sum of money
to the southern portion of this country, includ-
ing the States of Maryland and Delaware, where
they have perhaps twice as large a line of coast
and larger river navigation, and where they
have more interest, in one sense, to be taken
care of than in the more prosperous parts of
the North. 1 should like to call the attention
of the House to the different details of this
bill for the purpose of showing the smallest
modicum of appropriation is given to these
various rivers and harbors in the South com-
pared to what is given to Wisconsin, Michi-
gan, and Minnesota, and to the Ohio river,
and to other portions of the country.
Now, the South has a large commerce. I do
not know bat she has more than one half of
our export trade. I know that her interests
are very great in steamboat as well as in coast
navigation, and if gentlemen were just toward
our country they would be just to the South,
for the South is part of our country. I was
surprised and humiliated, Mr. Speaker, to see
sectional votes given on this subject. I think
we ought to be just, and especially to the har-
bor of Savannah, where, as we have been
advertised by the gentleman from Georgia,
they have paid out $250,000 from the city
treasury for the purpose of assisting the gen-
eral commerce of the country.
Mr. CONGER. What is your motion?
Mr. COX. It is to make this appropriation
$65,000 instead of $50,000; and since so much
is given to northern harbors, and especially to
harbors in the State of Michigan—and I see
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Coxger] is
watching me to reply to my remarks—since
we have made the vast bulk of these appro-
priations for the North and the Northwest, I
think, if we do not propose to be generous in
the same degree to the South, we ought at
least mete out to her equal and exact justice,
and do for the improvement of her rivers-and
harbors what we propose to do for the im-
provement of rivers and harbors elsewhere.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I should like to
inquire of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] if he can inform the House whether
$200,000 were appropriated by Savannah to
put her harbor in good condition before she
spoiled it?
Mr. COX. I will allow the gentleman from
Georgia to answer that question of the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. MclNTYRE rose.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from New York is exhausted.
Mr. CONGER. Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish
to say to the gentleman from New York, and
to every gentleman who talks about appro-
priations for the State of Michigan, that, aside
from those for two national works in which
every State in this Union is more interested
than the State of Michigan, she only gets in
this hill $154,000 for twenty harbors, which any
member will see by a small effort of calculation
under the rule of three is a much smaller
proportion of appropriation for these twenty
harbors in Michigan than is allowed for the
improvement of harbors elsewhere.
But let that pass. I say to the gentleman
from New York that he is entirely wrong in
his calculation, and he did not look over this
hill correctly when he says that the proportion
given to the South is less than one fourth of
the amount appropriated by this bill. If he
will look at the appropriation for the mouth of
the Mississippi river, for Cape Fear river, for
Savannah, Charleston, and other places, and
for the Mississippi river itself, with all its
tributaries extending into the southern States,
he will see that a little over one third of the
appropriations in this bill goes to the South.
There has been no partial or sectional feeling
on the part of the Committee on Commerce.
The South was represented in that committee
by southern members as talented and as zeal-
ous in behalf of the interests of their section
as the gentleman from New York possibly
could be for them.
Now, the point I make in regard to this
appropriation is that the committee have ap-
propriated in the bill for the improvement of
Savannah harbor all that is recommended
in the report of the engineer department as
necessary to remove obstructions from the
channel. Of course, it will not make the
channel as wide as we hereafter hope to make
it, or to make it as good a channel as possible
on the continent. This is all that is necessary
now, and it is all we have done for the improve
merits of other harbors ; that is, to make them
available for the purpose of navigation imme-
diately and to keep our bill within reasonable
limits. If it needed more to make that har-
bor available for the largest class of vessels to
reach Savannah, we would have given more.
But our policy has been in reference to all
these improvements that when we get rid of
the work which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] appears before us to plead for—
Hell Gate—to which we appropriate almost
