656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
call for one hundred and sixty acres, the quantity
of the public domain required would be one hun-
dred and sixty million acres, or probably more
than one fourth of the entire arable portion oi the
same."
It is here conceded by one of the best in-
formed gentlemen who have opposed this meas-
ure that only about one fourth of the arable
portion of our public lands would be required;
but whether a little more or a little less, I
believe the quantity may well be spared in the
discharge of a debt so binding and obligatory
by every principle of honor and justice as that
due to the soldiers who served for the Union.
Our Government is rich in lands. It has been
hitherto liberal in its gifts to individuals and
to companies. Vast grants are continually
being made by Congress, and it is estimated
that seventy-three million acres have been
voted to railroad companies within a few years.
I would ask, is there any justice or propriety in
voting to give away the public land to incor-
porated companies for the construction of rail-
roads and other works of internal improve-
ment, and refuse to accede to so reasonable,
so just a proposition as this?
But, Mr. Speaker, we are told that much
of this land will find its way into tbo hands
of speculators. Concede this to bo true, and
what of that? Is this any reason why we shall
not do justice to a meritorious class of our
citizens? I apprehend that speculators can-
not get these land warrants without paying
something to the immediate recipients of this
bounty. Shall wo lie told that we must not
do justice to the soldier, lor fear that specula-
tors may possibly be benefited; that those
who would receive and appiopriate these lands
to the support and comfort of their declining
years shall not have them for fear tlnit others
"may be less prudont, and may by their own
acts thwart our ell'orts to do them good? Sir,
this is a sort of reasoning, a kind of ethics
I do not understand, nor do I desire to.
It is said by the opponents of this measure
that we have a homestead law which gives the
public domain to the soldiers, in common with
all others, if followed by aclual settlement
and the payment of a fee t.o defray the expenses
of the land department. Thin is true, Mr.
Speaker. It is also true that deserters, cow-
ards, and the basest men who ever lived in the
land, are entitled to one hundred and sixty
acres, side by side with the scarred veteran
who maintained the honor and integrity of the
old flag at Antietam, Gettysburg, Viclisburg,
the Wilderness, and other hattle-liclds of the
rebellion. It is because the soldier has no
substantial benefit under the homestead law
beyond that given to the civilian that I am in
favor of giving lihrt bounty land outright.
Every one will concede that the homestead
law is not adapted to the wants and circum-
stances of disabled soldiers, nor to the widows
and children of those who have died of disease
or were slain in battle. They cannot remove
to the far West and enter upon and cultivate
the land set apart under the homestead law.
Many a deceased soldier has left behind him
minor children who, if they were to inherit a
' land warrant for one hundred and sixty acres,
would cause it to be located now. and when
they arrived at the proper age, enter upon and
cultivate the land for their support and main-
tenance. But if you make no other provision,
for disabled soldiers, and the widows and chil-
dren of those who have died, than that pro-
vided for by the homestead law, you practically
deprive that large and meritorious class of any
benefit from the public lands.
I Snow very well that this bill, like every
other, is liable to plausible objections of one
sort and another^ from acute and ingenious
men. I knew it is said that there was a con-
tract entered into between the soldier and the
Government by which the soldier was to serve
and receive for his services a stipulated price,
This price (which was, a portion of the time,
sixteen dollars a month) has been paid, and
now it is insisted that the soldier has no longer
any claim upon the justice or bounty of the
Government. Sir, such an argument is un-
worthy of being urged against a measure like
this. A soldier may have fought and suffered,
and lost perchauce a limb in defense of our
country's rights and honor, and received as
compensation sixteen dollars per month. The
United States, in paying that sixteen dollars
per month, complied with its part of the con-
tract ; and now let the poor soldier totter and
limp on to liis grave, and let all appeals to the
justice and generosity of his country be an-
swered by saying: " You entered into a con-
tract with the UnitedStatos ; the United States
has paid the sixteen dollars, and thus dis-
charged all its obligations to you; so go your
way."
Mr. Speaker, we have never in any contest
paid as good wages to our soldiers as they
could have earned in any other profession;
yet they have never been wanting in the hour
of their country's need, and their blood bas
been poured out like rain. We have thus
avoided the expense and danger of standing
armies in time of peace, while we have fully
met all the exigencies of war. It seems to me
that in discharging this debt of gratitude we
owe to our citizen soldiery we should be in-
creasing our strength and power as a nation,
and we should attach more closely to our Union
those who have hitherto proved their gallantry
in the field, and would be ready again, by
generosity, magnanimity, and conciliation, to
show thai they were not unworthy of the ben-
efits conferred upon them.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that this bill may
become a law without unnecessary delay ; and
I feel confident that the country and our con-
stituents will approvo it.
'The other measure referred to by me in the
beginning of my remarks is the proposition to
equalize bounties on the basis of the time of
service. I bad the honor to introduce a bill
for this purpose on the 18th day of December
last, which was referred to the Committee 011
Military AIFairs, and which is in these words :
He it eimrted hi/ the ,S'enate and Hoitteof Represent-
atives of the United Mate? of America in Congress
ayinembled. That alt laws horetotoro imssed granting
bounties to soldiers al'O hereby repealed.
Hkc. 2. That every non-commissioned officer and
private soldier who served for at least one month
m tho Army iff the United States in the lale war
against the rebellion, and who was honorably dig
charged, shall be paid, from any moneys in the Uni
ted States Treasury not otherwise appropriated, as
bounty, tho sum ot' $3 3.'H per month for the time
such soldier was in the service: Prodded, That
where any such soldier has received bounty under
any of tho heretofore existing laws granting boun-
ties to soldiers in said war, the amountso received
shall bo deducted from the amount granted bv
tins act: And provided further. That tfie provisions
ol this act shall not apply to officers and soldiers
ot 1 tie regular Army.
Sue. 3. That all applications for bounty on file
betoro tho passago of this act shall be considered as
made under tho provisions of tins act, and shall bo
settled and paid in accordance therewith.
The justice and equity of this measure is so
apparent that no argument is needed in its
support. It is intended to reach the class of
men who volunteered at an early period of the
war, and who received little or 110 bounty at
the hands of the General Government. These
men went into the service regardless of pay
and bounty, through love of country and true
patriotism. Those who served the whole term
of three years received a bounty of $100 under
the act of Congress approved July 22,1861, and
by a subsequent act passed July 28,18G6, they
received $100 more, making but' two thirds of
the bounty paid by the Government to later
volunteers who served for a less period of time.
For instance, the men who volunteered in 1863
and 1864 entered the service under the induce-
ment of ยง300 bounty for three years' service
or during the war, and the men thus enlisting
were discharged before having served two
years on account of their services being no
longer required, receiving on their discharge
the fall $300 bounty.
There is still another class who would be
reached by this bill. Those who enlisted in
1861 for three years, and who were discharged
for disability before the expiration of two years
from the date of their enlistment, received no
bounty whatever. Many of these men endured
the hardships of asoldier's life, and many par-
ticipated in battles, but being stricken down
with disease, and unable to continue longer in
the service, were discharged just before the
expiration of two years. To all such this bill
will afford relief, and many others whoso cases
are equally meritorious.
Mr. Speaker, tha only objection which I have
heard urged against this measure is thatit will
take some millions from the national Treasury.
Suppose it does; should this be interposed as
an argument against the passage of a just and
equitable proposition like this?
I can well conceive how, in the early days
of the Republic, with a depleted and bank-
rupt Treasury, the people depressed and borne
down by protracted war, the Government should
fail to pay the sums due those who had fought
the battles for our independence. But, sir,
at this day, with an overflowing Treasury, and
a country abounding in wealth and prosper-
ity, no such objection can be successfully
interposed. Nature has been profuse in her.
gifts to our country. She has placed it in
the center of the continent, between the great
lakes and Gulf, and given it frontage on two
oceans. She has interlaced itwiih arteries
of commerce in the shape of rivers, and
supplemented it with sixty thousand miles of
railway. She has given us a soil more fer-
tile than the countries of Euxope, and she has
given us beds of mineials, forests, and water-
power to set our mechanism in motion.
In contemplating the greatness of our coun-
try, and looking at its present prosperity, we
should not forget that the men for whom I
am now pleading saved this great country from -
destruction. They nobly responded to the
call of our late lamented President, Abraham
Lincoln, and saciificing everything dear to the
human heart, freely offered their lives to save
the Republic. They left, homes of plenty and
the society of loved ones to fight for the old flag.
The Government demanded the sacrifice ; it
was granted. It asked for the soldier's blood;
it was freely given. It asked for his limbs, and
he gave them. For what? For his country
and her honor. It asked for a sacrifice of his
business interest; itwasyielded. Itdemanded
of him that he should exchange the indescrib-
able happiness of domestic life for the dangers
of the camp and the field; he made the
exchange. It told him to sever all the domes-
tic ties; ho cut them asunder at its bidding.
The Americau people should never forget that
"Four hundred thousand men,
The brave, the good, the true,
In tangled wood, in mountain glen,
On battle-plain, in prison-pen.
Lie dead for me and you.
Four hundred thousand of the brave
Have made our ransomed soil their grave,
For me and you."
Mr. Speaker, the people of the United States
desire to mark their grateful appreciation of
the services of the brave men who incurred
hardship, underwent fatigue, and encountered
peril in defense of the Union. The public
mind has settled that point. The popular
heart throbs with emotions of gratitude
which will not brook a check. This Congress
cannot with any show of fairness and justice
put off the passage of this measure any longer;
it would subject us to the charge of parsimony
and ingratitude.
In justice to this branch of the Congress it
is proper that I should state that a bill for the
equalization of bounties has repeatedly passed
this House, but has always been ignored by
the Senate. 1 trust that this Congress will not
adjourn without passing some proper bill for
the equalization of bounties, so that these men
who volunteered at an early period of the war
