1552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
I hope the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] is correct, and that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is
wrong in the position he takes before the
House.
No*v, Mr. Chairman, I was one of those
who voted to take the duty off of tea and
coffee. I also voted to take the duty off oti
gait and coal. I wish the duties taken off of
all these articles, and the duty on the balance
of the articles, upon which duties are imposed
reduced to a revenue standard. If that were
done, in my opinion we would raise more
money than we would with the continued
existence of excessive tariff charges. On iron
and various other articles the tariff we have
now imposed is almost prohibitory in its char-
acter. All over this country in almost every
State, our people are building railroads. If
we were to reduce the tariff on iron and bring
it within reasonable limits I believe we would
realize a revenue from iron as well as from
other articles if the tariff were reduced upon
them so as not to be as it is now, almost pro-
hibitory, more than we did last year when we
had a tariff on tea and coffee and on salt' and
coal. I think this can be demonstrated. I
voted to take the duty oft" of tea and coffee,
salt and coal, as each one of these propositions
was presented before the House, because it
was the only tangible way in which I could
secure a reduction of the tariff. I voted for
that reduction because it was the question
before us, and because I thought it ought not
only to be done, but that at the same time wo
ought to go on reducing the tariff until we
reached the proper revenue standard.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to strike out
the last word.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What amendment
is pending ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. L.
My mis] in reference to letter-carriers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And has all this
tariff debate taken place on ail amendment
in reference to letter-carriers?
Mr. BURCHARD. If the gentleman from
.Pennsylvania will withdraw liis amendment I
will renew it.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been withdrawn
and renewed, and debate is now exhausted.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to reduce the
amount; and I take the floor, Mr. Chairman,
to make a suggestion in corroboration of the
views presented by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Dawes,] and
in advocacy of the position that this increase
of expenditures ought not to prevail or be con-
tinued. There was a tariff bill passed in 1857
which was adjusted to raise an amount just
sufficient to meet the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment. In 1800 there was a diminished
importation. What was the consequence ? The
Treasury was short of the amount necessary to
defray the national expenses, and the Govern-
ment had to borrow to meet the deficiency.
The indications in Europe at the present
time are that such will be the case in regard to
our customs receipts within the next two years.
'This has been a dear market to sell in while we
have found foreign countries cheaper markets
to buy from. Importations have consequently
been very large. Prices abroad are now ad-
vancing. Within the last few months the price
of various commodities has advanced from
twenty to twenty-five percent. Inconsequence
consumption will diminish, while the approach
of prices at home and abroad to the same level
will lessen the inducement to buy in the foreign
market. There will be a reduced importation.
That, of course, is the natural result. I do
not wish to anticipate the discussion of the
tariff question, except so far as is necessary m
support of my views 011 this occasion. Gen-
tlemen will tell you whenever that subject is
before the House that these prices have in-
creased to a large extent. In view of that fact
admitted, we may expect a less amount to
come into the Treasury from customs than
heretofore.
Again, last year, or the year preceding June,
1871, had been a year of unprecedented pros-
perity in this country in regard to the amount
of agricultural products. In the South the
cotton crop was very large. We exported to
Great Britain over one hundred and sixty mil-
lion dollars' worth of cotton, and we exported
from sixty to eighty million dollars' worth of
grain. The crops were exceptionally abund-
ant and our purchases abroad were correspond-
ingly large. Large production gives greater
ability to purchase. Increased exports aug-
ment importations and swell the customs rev-
enue. But next year we may have a short
crop. We are now providing the expendi-
tures, not of the present time, but of the fiscal
yearbeginning next July. The point, therefore,
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania does
not hold good, that these appropriations are
to meet and liquidate present expenditures.
The estimates are made by the various com-
mittees, and the question now before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is how to meet
the expenditures that you are here voting.
You must estimate what amounts you are
likely to receive during the ensuing year.
You are calculating upon the exportation of
the cotton crop that is not yet raised, and
upon the exportation of grain products the
seed of which has not yet been sown, to enable
you to buy abroad those articles that are not
yet imported, on which you are to raise your
revenue.
Under these circumstances, I say that the
suggestion of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means is wise, and the commit-
tee ought to give heed to it. As that gentle-
man remarked, you are anticipating what you
do not have. You may find, as in 18G1, that
you have a bankrupt Treasury, and that after
appropriating millions of dollars you have not
funds enough to meet those appropriations.
Mr. HEREFORD. Will the gentleman
from Illinois vield to me for a suggestion ?
Mr. BURCHARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HEREFORD. The gentleman1 wants us
11s to stop making appropriations, when we have
already voted $5,000,000 to his State. If wo
voted in the same proportion to other States,
there would be an aggregate of $200,000,000.
Mr. BOUCHARD. 1 would ask the gen-
tleman whether he looks upon this as a general
distribution out of the Treasury, in which each
State shall get its exact share ? If any sum
has been voted to the State of Illinois or to the
city of Chicago, or to any other part of the
Union, which oughtnot to have gone to it, the
gentlemen who voted for it voted wrong, and
if the gentleman from West Virginia [Mr.
Hereford] has so voted, he ought not to vote
for this if this is wrong.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. L. MYERS and Mr. ELDREDGE rose.
Mr. L. MYERS. I wish to make a verbal
alteration in the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Ei.dredgb] was recognized by
the Chair.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to oppose the
amendment pro forma. I should not have
sought this opportunity if the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] whose candor is
proverbial in this House, had answered the
query which I put to him in good faith when
he was making his speech. I do not want to
be disrespectful to my friend. I would not
say anything which would seem to be dis-
respectful to him. And yet constantly floating
before my mind is the idea, when I see him
making such displays as he made this after-
noon, the ideaof the "artful dodger." I must
say, and I say it with all due respect, and feel-
ing a desire to compliment him, that he is the
best man to evade a question whom I can
remember ever to have seen upon the floor of
this House. The gentleman apologized some-
what to me for not answering me, or allowing
me to come in at the moment I expected, by
telling me he was perfectly oblivious of the
promise he had made. I feel complimented
because the gentleman did not say he was
oblivious of myself.
Now, Mr. Chairman, when I voted to take
the tax off tea and coffee, I voted in perfect
good faith, and in accordance with principles
that have amounted to convictions in my mind
for many years. I did not believe that that
vote would necessitate such results as were
presented by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. I do not now believe that it will
become necessary, in consequence of that vote
of this House, to borrow ten millions of money.
As is suggested by a friend of the gentleman,
if we had to borrow that amount I do not
know where I should go to borrow it unless
out of the $105,000,000 of gold constantly
held in reserve in the Treasury. I would use
that money, which has been there ever since I
remember, to strengthen our credit.
I put this question to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] a question which
he respectfully declined to answer: whether
the present tariff, being a protective tariff upon
iron, as I believe is conceded by everybody, if
we were to bring that tariff down to a strictly
revenue basis, whether we would not derive
enough additional revenue from that single
article to make up the deficiency which would
arise from the abolition of the tax upon tea
and coffee? The gentleman declined to an-
swer ine.
I do not know whether the Committee of
Ways and Means are able to define precisely
what would be a revenue tariff. The present
tariff is conceded to be a protective tariff, and
a protective tariff is a prohibitory tariff; it
must necessarily be so. Now, if the gentle-
man has wisdom sufficient to devise a tariff
which shall be strictly a revenue tariff, I will
give him time out of my poor five minutes to
say whether such a system would not supply
the amount we would lose by the abolition of
the duty upon tea and coffee?
Mr. DAWES. I will give the gentleman
the answer of Mr. Atkinson.
Mr. ELDREDGE. No; give me your own
answer.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Atkinson says, in an
article which he sent to the Committee of
Ways and Means, over his own name, and
which was published in the Evening Post of
New York city a short time since, if you
make absolute free trade in pig iron, the
amount of additional importation would not
be perceptible, because the high price of pig
iron abroad and the scarcity of labor and the
difficulty of manufacturing it there are such
that they could not manufacture any percepti-
ble increased amount to come here.
Mr. ELDREDGE. What is the gentleman's
answer to my question ? I do not want him to
give me Mr. Atkinson's answer, or Mr. Kei.-
ley's answer, or the answer of any other pro-
tectionist; I want him, as the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means of this House,
seeking for a revenue tariff, for the means to
pay the indebtedness of the Government, for
the means to meet our liabilities without bor-
rowing money—I want him to answer my
question.
Mr. DAWES. I gave the gentleman what
I thought would be to him a satisfactory an-
swer.
Mr. PETERS. Of the great apostle of
free trade.
Mr. DAWES. The great apostle of free
trade gives him that answer, and if that be
true, you would not help the revenue an atom
by lowering the duty on pig iron.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is neither a stu-
dent nor an apostle of free trade ; but he
stands here as the representative of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of this House. If
he wishes to put in here a free-trade answer,
