4240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
necessary for such light shall be selected on the
lands now in the possession of the United States by
the Light-House Board, and such site shall be ex-
empted from theoperation of any law providing for
the restoration to the former owners of lands sold
for direct taxes.
The-amendment was agreed to.
The following clause of the bill having been
read—
That appropriations for light,-house purposes shall
bo available for expenditure for two years after acts
of Legislatures ceding jurisdiction over sites: Pro-
vided, fetteeei1, That this section shall not apply to
any general appropriations for light-house pur-
poses: And provided further, That in no case shall
any special appropriation be available for more than
two years without further provision of law; and the
xmexpended balances of appropriations for .special
works under the Light-House Board made by the
act approved March 3,1871, entitled "An act making
appropriations for suudiy civil expenses of theGov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending Juno 30,187H, and
for other purposes," are hereby roappropriatod for
the purposes therein specified.
Mr. SHERMAN. That falls within the same
rule precisely, and I call the attention of the
Senator from Vermont to it. It is a reappro-
priation of general sums without any limit.
Mr. EDJltJNDS. That is the third instance.
My apology, as far as 1 am concerned, is that
being ill l was in committee but an hour or
two during the whole consideration of this
bill; and 1 suppose these instances were over-
looked. There are two others, one at the end
of page 17 and top of page IS, and another at,
the. foot of page 21, and this one on page 24.
It, is not in order at this time to move to strike
them out; but when we get through the read-
ing, if somebody else does not, i shall make
that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The reading of the bill wan continued. The
next aineudment of the Committee on Ap-
propriations was on page 24, hues five hun-
dred and eighty-one and five hundred and
eighty-two, to increase the appropriation " for
expenses of raising, cleaning, painting, repair-
ing, removing, and supplying losses of buoys,
spindles, and day beacons, and for chains,
sinkers, and similar necessaries," from £275,-
000 to $300,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was on page 20, line
six hundred and thirty, to reduce the appro-
priation "for rent of office of surveyor gen-
eral of California, fuel, books, stationery, and
Other incidental expenses, $7,000; and for
clerks in his office," from $20,000 to $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was on pago 2K, line
six hundred^ and seventy-seven, to increase
the appropriation ''for surveying the public
lauds m Louisiana &t rates not exceeding
ten dollars per linear mile for township and
eight dollars for section Hues," from $8,000 to
$18,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the chairman to
explain that. It, is a pretty large increase ; 1
was not in committee when it was done.
Mr. COL15. The chairman of the Commit-
. tee on Appropriations of the House came to !
our commit tee-room and stated that was a
mistake iu the House. That was the state-
ment made by the chairman, aud a request-
was made by him for a collection. It the
Senate thinks it is not a mistake we can dis-
agree to the amendment. In the next par-
agraph the amount is §18,000 for Florida, and
he said it was intended to be the same for
Louisiana.
Mr. EDMONDS. We have not any lands
in either State that do not fall within the
swamp land act when the lauds are surveyed.
Mr. COLE. I take it my colleague on the
committee speaks with authority and under-
standing of the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on this amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The next, amendment was on page 29, after
the word "dollars," in line six hundred and
ninety-three, to insert the following:
And the Secretary of War is hereby directed to pay.
for expenses incurred in suppressing Indian hostili-
ties in the Territory ofMontana, m theyear 1867, to
the persons entitled thereto, the several amounts,
as'reported upon by General James A. Ilardie, un-
der the provisions of section ten of an act entitled
" An act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government., and for other purposes,
for the year ending June 30, 1S71," approved July
15,1870; and for that purpose there is hereby appro-
priated, from any money in the Treasury of the
United States not otherwise appropriated, tho sum
ofS513,:S4;i, or so much thereof as may be necessary ;
ana that the claim of Leander S. Black for the sum
of 837-1 97, or so much thereof as may bo found just
alter examination under tho direction of the Secre-
tary of War, shall be paid as the other claims already
reported on, and the amount necessary therefor is
hereby appropriated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
this amendment explained and hear the docu-
ments read about this half million dollars,
if it, is not iuti usive.
Mr. SI1EHMAN. I think that ought to be
stricken out. This is an " old soldier." It
has been pending here a number of years, and
ought to be considered in a separate bill. It
is not an appropriation for the current year.
It is a falsehood on its face to begin with.
The bill commences by providing—
That tho following sums be, and tho samo are
hereby, appropriated for tho o-bjecta'hereinafter ex-
pressed for the iisoal yoar ondiug Juno 30,1873.
That is an old matter. It grew out of a fright
in the Territory of Montana; it has been de-
bated here for three or four years. 1 examined
it a few years ago, and am enlirely satisfied it
ought not to be paid, but the facts have now
passed from my recollection. Certainly, it
ought not to be put on an appropriation bill ;
it ought to come up as a sepatate matter when
we may have an opportunity to examine it. I
have forgotten pretty much all I knewabout.it.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the honorable
Senator if it lias not been examined through
the officers of the War Department?
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment states
here that. General Ilardie has examined the
claims, but, if the Senator wants ns to stop
here and go over and examine these papers,
they ought to be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and we ought to have a report
and take up the cast! in a separate bill. Surely
a claim involving $500,000 ought not to be put
on one of our appropriation bills and we forced
to examine it at this period of the session.
There are a great bundle of documents in re-
gard to this matter. I examined them at one
time carefully, ami was of opinion that the
claim ought not to be paid.
Mr. TRUMBULL I never examined the
papers of which the Senator from Ohio speaks,
but I was in Montana some two or three years
ago, and I heard about these transactions and
saw many of the persons who furnished sup-
plies to these troops. A regiment of troops
was raised in Montana under what they sup-
posed to be the authority of the Govern-
ment, of the United States. Tho acting Gov-
ernor at that time was General Meagher, and
he received a dispatch from General Sherman
which he thought, authorized him to raise this
regiment of men, aud tho regiment was raised
in Montana aud they were in service for some
time. The parties who have these claims are
persons who furnished the flour, and the beef,
and the bacon, and other provisions to supply
the troops. 1 myself saw at Helena a num-
ber of merchants, who appeared t.o be respect-
able men, who told me of the supplies they
had furnished, for which they had never re-
ceived one dollar. The Government ought
to pay the persons who furnished these sup-
plies under the authority ot' t,he Governor of
the Territoiy, and authorized by telegraphic
dispatch as he stated. I believe there was
some controversy as to whether he construed
the dispatch which he received from General
Sherman correctly or not, but whether that is
so or not, the persons who furnished the pro-
visions for these troops called out by authority
ought to be paid.
This much I heard in regard to these mat-
ters at that time, and I also understand that
General Hardie of the Army has since been
sent to Montana and spent several months
there in examining these claims and vouchers,
and he has out them down, as I am informed.
I suppose there is information on the part of
the chairman of the committee, who can state
exactly the facts j I am only stating the case
generally, without an examination of the
papers. I understood that he cut them down
something like half; the amount of the
vouchers that were given was double what he
recommended to be paid. He is a very com-
petent officer, a gentleman, as I think, of high
character, and I have no doubt he scrutinized
these accounts very carefully. General Hardie
is known probably to most members of the
Senate. He was on duty, a portion of the time
that the war was raging, in the War Depart-
ment here, and must he known to many Sen-
ators. I have no doubt that he scrutinized
those claims with great care. Whether this is
the proper place to provide for paying this
sum I do not undertake to say ; nor have I
made a personal investigation of these claims,
but I understand that they have been carefully
and laboriously examined by General Hardie,
who was sent out to Montana by the War De-
partment for that purpose, and that this is tho
result of his investigation. I thought it duo
to state this much that has come to my knowl-
edge in regard to these claims.
Mr. BOilliMAN. Some two or three years
since this subject was referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories, of which I was then and
am still a member, and it was examined pretty
thoroughly. The authority for calling out the
militia in Montana under the orders which
were given, the supplies furnished, the length
of time ihe men were in service, all these
questions were examined by that committee.
We had witnesses from Montana before us.
The whole proceeding was very irregular.
Acting Governor Meagher got frightened about
some Indians out there, telegraphed to Gen-
eral Sherman or the Secretary of War, and
had some sort of authority for calling outsoine
militia probably, but the committee thought
it. was very irregular, as I have remarked.
After a thorough investigation we thought
that some of these persons had been misled,
that they had purchased some sort of supplies,
but that the amount could not exceed some
$70,000 in all. That was the outside, I be-
lieve, that our committee decided should be
paid after a thorough investigation. What-
ever catne of that report I do not know now ;
but this is my present recollection of the con-
clusion of the committee. 1 am not sure
whether we made a written report, or not.
Probably we did; but how it got from our
committee I do not recollect I am not
advised how this proceeding got up, but I sup-
pose by some amendment to an Army appro-
priation bill. We all know that Army otliceis
are very liberal in their estimates; and taking
it, for granted, I apprehend, that it was intended
by Congress to recognize this proceeding, ail
that General Hardie probably lias done is to
go on and make an estimate, on the basis of
what appeared before him, at the ordinary
Army prices.
I think that we ought to hesitate along time
before we appropriate even §100,000 for this
purpose. It, seems to me it would be a much
more prudent course to have this subjectagain
committed to a committee to be reported upon
Specially, setting forth all the items of charge
tor which there should be an allowance, and
reporting a bill for the specific sum.
1 have thought it necessary to make this
statement inasmuch as I participated in this
investigation some two or three years since.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now have the papers
belore me in regard to this Montana claim,
and can give more information than I could
when I rose hastily before. It has been some
time since I examined the matter. I ask the
Chair first whether this is in order under the
rule under which we are acting. The rule under
