187°
Xj.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65T
may receive, even at this late day, something
like justice at our hands. 3f any class is more
entitled than another to the special regard of
the law making and bounty dispensing power
of Government, if. is the men who volunteered
when no bounties were offered ; the men who
encountered the toils, the dangers, the hard-
ships, and privations of the camp, from no
inducement but, the love of country.
The distinguished gentleman from Indiana,
(Mr. Julian,) (he former chairman of the
Committee on the Public Lands, while oppos-
ing the grant of lands to our soldiers, recom-
mended in the strongest terms the passage of
a bill to equalize bounties, in the report
made by him from the Committee on the Public
Lands, at the first session of the Tliirty-NmtU
Congress, to which I have already alluded, he
remarks:
" But while the committee cannot recommend the
attempt to equalize the bounties of our soldicis by
grants of land, they are very decidedly in iavor of
such equalization m money. ' .Equality is equity,'
and the nation cannot retire to heed this maxim in
dealing with the bravo men who protected the law-
makers of this c.imtol daring the wni\ and saved
the country itself from destruction. Nor do we ac-
cept the plea ot natioual poverty s>o often uiged, in
the li&fht of the boundless resources developed by our
war of four years, The amount required for a fair
equalization ot these bounties we are sure has been
much overstated; but whatever it may be, we think
it should be provided for with no unuece.ssary delay.
4 With the f-oidiers there was no task too great, no
sacrifice too largo, no duly too arduous, no hardship
too severe; but with an alacrity that marked their
earnestness in the cause, they cheerfully responded
to every order, claiming none other shield than the
consciousness that their banners were the emblems
of liberty, ot justice, and of truth.' The prayer of
these men must neither be denied nor evaded when
they ouly ask the nation foi justice."
DISPOSITION OF Till!! PUBLIC LAMJ8.
Mr. SLATEU. Mr. Speaker, in the annual
message of the President, seal into this House
on the 4th of last December, among other
recommendations will be found the following:
"I renew my recommendation that the public
lands bo regarded ao «t heritage to our children, to
be disposed of only a^ required for occupation and
to actual settlers. Those already granted have been
in great part disposed of in such a way as to becuru
aeccss to the balance by tho hardy settlor who may
wish to avail himself of them, but caution should
bo exercised even in attaining so desirable an
object."
It is not my purpose, Mr. Speaker, in call-
ing attention to this recommendation, to assail
the public land policy of the Administration,
whatever it may be, but rather to invite atten-
tion to tho fact that the President has made a
recommendation touching the disposal of the
public lands, and to consider what, is recom-
mended in connection with a proposition now
pending before this House tonching the dis-
posal of a portion of these public lands. ■
With the recommendation the President
couples the statemeut of a fact, touching the
disposition of lands already granted, and the
result of such disposition, with "which he
appears to be satisfied, but deems it proper to
add a suggestion of caution.
Sir, if 1 comprehend the full force and mean-
ing ot the passage referred to, itisto the effect
that while the President recommends that the
public lands " should be disposed of ouly as
required for occupation and to actual settler?,"
he also recognizes the fact that the means of ac-
cess to them is an essential prerequisite to their
occupation and disposition, aud states that-the
means of acecss has been largely secured by
former grants, but admonishes that''caution
should be exercised even in attaining so desir-
able an object." I ta"ke it, therefore, that a
measure which has for its object the opening
of extensive districts of the public lands to set'
tlement, which furnishes the means of access
to Buch districts, and secures the light of occu*
pancy, aud provides for their linal disposition
to the actual settler only* upon reasonable
terms properly guarded, would be in harmony
with the terms of this recommendation of the
President.
Mr. Speaker, wMi this very brief reference
to the subject of the disposition of the public
4*2d Cong. 2i> briss.—No. 42.
land, as presented iti the annual message of
the President. I desire to invite the attention
of the House to the consideration of a propo-
sition to give Government aid toward the con-
struction of a railroad from Portland, Oregon,
to intersect the Central or Union Pacific rail-
road at or near Salt Lake. This proposition
is presented in a bill which I had the honor
to introduce into this House oil the 13tli day
of last_ March, and was then referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. The construc-
tion of the proposed road is pressed us a meas-
ure of vital importance to the people of my
State and the intervening section between
Salt Lake and Oregon, and I. shall endeavor
to show that it is also a measure of very great
and very general importance to the whole
country.
In undertaking to present the claims of this
enterprise to the aid asked, and in urging them
upon the consideration of the House, I am not
unmindful of the fact that in Consequence of
abuses which have crept into previous legisla-
tion of the kind asked, there are grave objec-
tions to be answered, and possibly serious
opposition to be encountered. But remem-
bering that our progress as a nation iu all our
material achievements, wonderful in their
extent and marvelous in their results, is but
the history of objections answered and opposi-
tion overcome, 1 address, myself to tho discus-
sion of this proposition, hoping and believing
that the importance of the proposed road, and
the great advantages to be derived from its
early completion, will commend the measure
to the favor of the House.
In order, sir, to have a complete understand-
ing of the matter under consideration it is
necessary to notice the geographical position
of Oregon as respects not only her sister States
and Territories, but also as respects the coun-
tries which lie beyond her wesleru Pacific
waters; to estimate lier material resources
aud capabilities; to take into account lier
vast territorial area and her meager popula-
tion, and to consider carefully her relation
to the great commercial currents and centers
of the United States, from which alone we
may be able to approximate a correct esti
mate of the beneficial influence the comple-
tion of the proposed line of railroad will have
in developing and peopling uew sections of
our country, and in opening new thorough-
fares of business and new lines of commercial
intercourse.
Situated in the far northwest of the Union,
Oregon is separated from the States of the
Mississippi, valley by a vast arid and almost
treeless region of. more than one thousand
miles in extent from east to west, having no
connection with those States by railroads or
interior river navigation. Her position has
been and now is one of complete isolation fiom
her sister States as respects the u&ual means
of commercial intercommunication, excepting
bo far as intercourse may b.i had by means of
the Pacific ocean on the west and Use Colum-
bia river on the north. This isolation has
been so complete in the past as to greatly
retard her growth knd settlement, restrict hpr
enterprise, prevent the development of her re-
sources, and limit her home trade and foreign
commerce, indeed, sir, until quite recently but
little was known upon this side of the continent
respecting her material interests, her vast re-
sources, mild climate, great richness of soil,
and the range of her fruits and agricultural
products. And even now the important posi-
tion, geographically, which she holds with
respect to the commercial centers of the Uni-
ted States and the commerce of the Pacific
ocean, now tending toward the United States,
is but vaguely realized.
But thanks to the triumphs of engineering
sIvii 1 the completion of the Pacific railroad,
and the revolution which this great work has
inaugurated in the commercial world, has not
only served to awaken the hopes of her people
and inspire them with new confidence in the
near future of Oregon, bat it is also directing
the attention of business, railroad, and com-
mercial men of the United States to her great
and multiplied resources and the advantages of
her position with reference to transcontinental
railroad connections.
Stretching through seven degrees of longitude
and four degrees of latitude, Oregon embraces
within her territorial limits more than mnety-
five thousand -square miles; larger than th,e great
States of New lorkand Pennsylvania com-
bined; large enough, sir, to maketlietwoStates
of lliinoisand Indiana, and have scrapsenough
left to make two more States as large as Con-
necticut and Rhode Island; large enough to
carve out of her territory the six New England
States and iiave mountains.enough left to make
another State as large as the State of Maine,
with Mount Hood undisposed of. It is true, sir,
her vast ten itory is somewhat furrowed with
dark and frowning mountain range-, whose
peaks in some instances rise to regions of per-
petual snow, but between their rugged ridges
or hid away iu their fastnesses are valleys of
surpassing beauty and fertility.
To give an idea of her territorial extent I
have drawn a comparison with other and more
prosperous States; and now, sir, let. me extend
the comparison to her valleys. The Willa-
mette valley alone is as large as cither of the
States of Vermont, New Hampshire, or Massa-
chusetts. The Uinpqua and liogue river val-
leys are each as large as the State of Con-
necticut. Between the Coast mountaius (which
extend the whole length of the State) and the
Pacific ocean there are timbeied valleys suf-
ficient in the aggregate to make half a dozen
or more Sidles of the size of Ilhode Island;
and ea->t of the Cascade range, (which is the
great range of the State) the aggregate of her
agiicultiual valleys will equal the territorial
extent of the Staie of Indiana. Bur, sir, her
mountains are not without value in an estimate
of her material wealth. I'fiey abound with
valuable minerals and metals, such as coal,
iron, lead, copper, gold, aud silver, and for tlie
most part, are covered with dense forests of the
finest and most valuable timber, and from their
sidescome leaping innumerable water courses,
sufficient when utilized to turn all the spindles
ot New England. Add to all this her almost in-
exhaustible stock-range, upon her table-lands
and grass-covered hills and lower ranges of
mountains, literally sufficient to feed thehcids
upon a thousand Jnlh, and you have a picture
Ot material and undeveloped wealth unsur-
passed, if equaled, in the United States or
elsewkere.
Yet sir, to occupy tbK vast territory; develop
these immense resources of material wealth,
to furnish the capital and build the immense
.lines of railroads necessary to bring us into
connection with the commercial centers of the
United States, we have about as many people—
men, women, and children—as we have square
miles of territory. Is it asked why it is that
Oregon litis progressed so slowly iu settlement
and population, having been first settled thirty
years ago? I have already intimated that iso-
lation was the cause ; but let me here read the
answer of a distinguished gentleman of this
House from Pennsylvania, [Mr. IvEUjET,]
made to this very question. It is found in an
eloquent aucl able address delivered by that
gentleman at the city of Philadelphia, the
12th of last, June. Speaking of our northwest
coast, he said:
"Do you ask, as others have done, why with Suoli
stores of woaith, waiting to respond with sueh
boundless generosity to the demands of man. the
population does not equal one man, woman,or child
to each square r.iiie? If you do, the answer is ready.
It. is because the people and Government of the
United States did not promptly respond to the sug-
gestion of Aua Whitney, and either by the means
proposed by him. or t hope they should select, connect
our Pacific territory with the great hikes by j ailwuy.
Had that been done, and the way been then opened
to emigrants, Washington Terijitoiy wouldlomr since
have been divided iuto two or moro States; Gali-
