1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
which he himself will say is not true, and
which he gives me simply because he wants to
avoid giving us the information I seek, of
course I must take his answer. But if the
gentleman will candidly and fairly and honestly
give me ap answer, I would like to have him
do so to the question whether he does not be-
lieve that by reducing the tariff upon pig iron
to a strictly revenue standard we cannot realize
revenue enough to offset the amount we would
lose by repealing the duty on tea and coffee ?
Mr. DAWES. I do not believe any such
thing, and an hour's study even of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin in the room of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will show that that
is not so. I put the most extreme case ; even
the gentleman from Wisconsin can see it by an
hour's study in our committee-room.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman has told
us what he does not believe; but he refuses
to tell us what he does believe.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to modify my
amendment by inserting some words tbat I
omitted, "under the free-delivery system;"
so that it will read, "for salaries of the let-
ter-carriers under the free-delivery system,
$1,702,800."
Before the debate is closed, I desire to say
a few words more, and then I hope the vote
will be taken. The Committee of the Whole
will bear in mind that in offering this amend-
ment I have been in earnest. I have not been
discussing questions of tax or tariff. I have
asserted that these men are heavily taxed, and
I do not wish greater burdens to be put upon
them. I have asserted that the act of 1868
put a burden of seventy-five dollars on each
of them by deducting that amount from their
pay-
in reply to what the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldredge] said I will say that
there could be but one reason why we should
not pass this amendment, and even that rea-
son does not exist now. If we were to be
against protection as he is, and only for a tariff
for revenue, or if we were, as he says he is,
for free trade, and willing to bring the low
wages of Europe in competition with our labor-
ers and mechanics, the result would be tbat
the workshops of the country would be closed,
manufactures would be at a stand-still, and
large numbers of men, the bone and sinew of
the land, would be thrown out of employment,
and you could get letter-carriers for $500 a
year. I say, thank Heaven, that state of
affairs does not exist now.
But I do not wish to wander from the point
under discussion. We are here debating an
amendment which proposes that these men
shall be paid a little better for the work which
they do. We did pass in 1868 a law mak-
ing eight hours a day's labor for all workmen,
mechanics, and laborers in the employ of the
Government. None work harder than these
men do. True, they are not mechanics except
of other men's fortunes. They are, however,
laborers in the sense of that law. But they
work a great deal more than eight hours a day.
What this amendment proposes is, as I have
said, what the newspapers of all these cities
advocate, what the people ask, and what I
think this committee will give—an increase
of pay, although I have avoided the technical
point by naming the aggregate amount of pay
which will be given to them under this sec-
tion, and which will be construed accord-
ingly, so that these men shall have an increase
of pay commensurate with the good they do
and the labor they perform.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. L. Mteks] if adopted could do no
good. It proposes merely to enlarge the gross
sum appropriated for the pay of letter-carriers;
it does not propose a change in the law which
now fizes their salary. If you appropriate two
■or three hundred thousand dollars more than
42d Cong. 2d Sess.-—No. 98.
the salaries of all the letter-carriers in the Uni-
ted States amount to, the result will simply be
that it will go back into the Treasury.
Mr. L. MYERS. That is not the effect of
my amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The amount reported
in the bill is I suppose the estimated pay of
all the carriers in the United States at the
rates fixed by law. The law provides that
the Postmaster General shall pay these men
not more than $800 a year, except that those
of unusual diligence, fidelity, and experience,
may have their salaries increased by him to
$1,000.
The letter-carriers are in the main, so far
as I know anything about them, a very merito-
rious class of young men; but they get now
as mnch wages as mechanics receive on the
average in our cities. Their wages are more
than those of bricklayers who work day after
day at their trade. Many young men like to
become letter-carriers. While the labor is
hard, it is performed by young men who are
j nimble and spry, and can run up and down
stairs.
But the system is very expensive, as has been
shown here ; and it is attended by no increase
in the amount received as rent for letter-boxes
or any other item. On the contrary, the rent
of letter-boxes must diminish in proportion as
this system is extended; for when a man's,
mail is brought to his door he does not need a
letter-box at the post office. Hence in all city
post offices where the free-delivery system is
adopted less room is required for letter-boxes.
The gentleman suggests to me that the system
produces an increase in the number of letters.
I have no doubt that the free-delivery system
does increase the local correspondence ; bui I
doubt whether the correspondence between dif-
ferent towns or cities is very much increased.
As has been shown from the Postmaster Gen-
eral's report there is not a city in the United
States where the free-delivery system is self-
supporting.
Mr. L. MYERS. That is not so. The fact
is just the reverse, as I have shown by the
figures.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Chair-,
man, I have the figures right before me. In
Albany the entire amount of postage for local
correspondence is only $5,000 annually, while
the expense of supporting the letter-carriers
is $22,000. Without reading the figures as to
other cities, I will say that the proportion is
about the same all the way through the list.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says that
is not a fdir test. True, it is not; and I will
tell him why it is not. There would be some
local correspondence if we did not have the
free-delivery system. This statement shows
the entire amount of the local postage, and
something should be deducted for the local
correspondence (more or less in every city)
which there would be if you did not have a
free-delivery system. That would make the
deficit still greater.
Mr. L. MYERS. Does the gentleman argue
that in cities where the free-delivery system is
not in operation the receipts must equal the
expenses?
Mr.FARNSWORTH. Oh,no; nothing of
the sort. I do not argue, and have never
maintained since I have been connected with
the Post Office Committee, that the Post Office
Department ought to be self-sustaining. It is
not logical to expect it. You cannot make it
so; of course not. If so, you will have to
abandon the postal system in the Territories
and in most of the new States. You will have
to abandon it in the State of Texas, where
there is a deficit of some $400,000. You will
have to abandon it in the State of Indiana,
the neighboring State of my own, where there
is a deficit. You will have to abandon it in
the State of Michigan, where there is a deficit
also. It is not logical to require that the
whole Department should be self-sustaining;
but I say you should avoid these large ex-
penditures where there is not some corre-
sponding benefit. We should avoid, as far as
possible, burdening the Treasury.
Mr. HOAB. I ask the gentleman fro'M
Pennsylvania to withdaw his amendment and
I will renew it.
Mr. L. MYERS. I withdraw it on that
condition.
Mr. HOAR. I renew the amendment. I
do not desire to detain the committee by occu-
pying the five minutes allowed me under the
rule, further than to point out, as this matter
has often been referred to by members of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
that the value of the letter-carrier system is
not to be measured by the number of local
letters carried where the system, exists. Ia
the manufacturing as well as the mercantile
portions of the country the value of the post
office to business men consists in its prompt-
ness and in their being able to reply to a cor-
respondent in the same hour and almost in the
same moment. If that cannot be done, the
telegraph with all that kind of agency, with its
additional expense and uncertainty, will take
the place of the mails. The value of the let-
ter-carrier system, which it is impossible to
overestimate in any compact mercantile or
manufacturing community, consists in giving
the business men opportunity for immediate
reply, there being no delay at the office where
die letter arrives.
I !«.Iieve in all these fifty-two cities where
this letter-carrier system prevails an accurate
report of the statistics would show that it
brings a revenue to the Government largely in
excess of the expenditures; but the statistics
do not show it, because in these cities clerical
expenses which are incurred because these
are also distributing offices are included in
almost all of them. They are nearly all dis-
tributing offices.
I understand that in Arkansas the entire
receipts from internal revenue for the whole
State do not pay one third, or at least a very
small portion of the deficit in the postal ser-
vice for that State as compared with the postal
expenses. I do not grudge that State the
post office facilities which it has. I represent
my constituents in advocating the largest ex-
penditure for the purpose of multiplying postal
facilities in all of the States of this Union.
But I do not think it is fair for the gentleman
from Indiana, whose State does not pay its own
postal expenses, to bring that in as an objec-
tion, when the business men of compact com-
munities desire liberal expenses for postal ser-
vices, whose business, too, not only support
its own post offices, but post offices elsewhere.
Mr. PALMER rose.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to oppose the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Iowa was recognized.
Mr. CONGER. He has general charge of
the bill, and does not, I suppose, wish to
occupy the floor on this amendment.
Mr. PALMER. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Michigan.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, a year ago
I took objection and opposed such a measure
as this, and it was rejected by the House then,
as I hope this will be now. The ground of
my objection to the amendment extends
further than to the amendment itself, for_ it
extends to the principle of this letter-carrier
system, which is confined to a few of the large
cities of the Union. They insist there shall
be special private messengers, to take free of
any charge whatever, to and from the post
offices in those cities, to accommodate the
wealthy business men, all their letters and
communications, while the citizens of every
other part of the country are compelled to go
at their own expense to the post office in their
own town, or to the post office five or ten or fif-
teen miles from their homes in the country, as
