2450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
Mr. SAWYER. Then you are not good at
figures. .
Mr. COX. The whole sura which our large
southern coast, with all its great, rivers and
vast trade, gets out of this $5,000,000 is about
eight hundred thousand dollars, just about
the same amount which the State c Michigan
gets under the management of the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Commerce.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Cox, to strike out "$50,000" and
insert " $67,000 " as the amount appropriated
for the improvement of Savannah harbor and
river, there were—ayes 53, noes 74.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. YOUNG. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the pending paragraph " and for the
improvement of the Onstanaulaand Conasauga
rivers, as far as Carter's farm, $10,000."
Mr. Speaker, this is a small river in my dis-
trict which was navigable for about fifteen
years up to 18G3. The Government has never
yet appropriated one cent for its improvement,
which has been accomplished thus far entirely
by private contributions. 1 am told that it will
require only about ten thousand dollars to clear
out the river entirely. I do not charge that
this bill is framed in a sectional spirit at all.
On the contrary, I expect support for my
amendment from my friends on the other side
of the House. I ask them to vote for this
small appropriation.
Mr. S1IELDON. I regret to hear gentle-
men insinuate, if not assert, that the Com-
mittee on Commerce, in the preparation of
this bill, have been governed by local consid-
erations. Sir, there has been no feeling in
that committee against the South. I wish to
say 
Mr. YOUNG. I wish the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon] would not bring in
his speech just at this time, because I am
making no charges atall against the Committee
ou Commerce. I wish he would take some
other time to answer gentlemen who make
such charges. 1 say the bill is not sectional.
I wish to get support for my amendment from
the other side of the House ; and I prefer to
have it voted on before the. gentleman makes
his speech. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHELDON. I am not speaking in
reply to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Young,] but in response to some remarks
made in the course of this discussion.
The coast of Texas has been spoken of as
being seven hundred miles in extent. Now,
sir, aside from the survey of Galveston har-
bor, Buffalo bayou, and some portions of the
Sabine river, there has not been a single survey
in all that State. We are acting upon the
principle of making suryeys before we com-
mence appropriations for improvements. If
gentlemen will look at the last section of this
bill thoy will find more than a page devoted to
various surveys. We have put in every sur-
vey that has been asked by any member from
Texas. If that and other Slates have been
without surveys, it is not the fault of Con-
gress, nor of the committee, but of gentlemen
who have represented those States in preceding
Congresses. That is all there is in this question.
Mr. HANCOCK.. I wish to correct the
statement of the gentleman from Louisiana
that we have been allowed for Texas all that
has been asked for by her. An appropriation
of $125,0,00 was asked in conformity to the
recommendation of the engineer's department
of the Government, and it was refused. The
appropriations at the end of the bill are for
the purpose of making surveys. In the State
of Texas we have had surveys, but what we
now want are appropriations of money to
carry out the improvements which have been
recommended by the proper department. The
most of these appropriations for surveys are
for places outside "of the State of Texas. Texas
has had plenty of surveys now, but what she
does want are appropriations to carry on the
works which have been deemed necessary.
Mr. SHELDON. What I stated was that
all the surveys asked for Texas were put into
this bill, but we have not made appropriations
for any new works not recommended by the
engineer department.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
65, noes 73.
Mr. YOUNG demanded tellers.
Mr. CONGER. There has been no survey
and no report of the engineers in favor of this
work.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Young and
Mr. Conger were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 49, noes 73.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
message prom the senate.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying
the House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, bills of the House of the follow-
ing titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 1638) to create the Link-
ton laud district in the State of Oregon ; and
A bill (H. 11. No. 2253) for the relief of
Cathron & Maguire, bankers and brokers of
the city of Rome, Georgia.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
A. bill (S. No. 968) to authorize the inter-
ment of honorably discharged soldiers, sail-
ors, and marines in the national cemeteries
of the United States; and
A bill (S. No. 845) to authorize the con-
struction of certain bridges across the Missis-
sippi river, and to establish the same as post
roads.
message from tiie president.
A message was received from the President,
by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his Secretaries,
notifying the House that he had approved and
signed bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 892) granting a pension
to Margaret Lee;
Au act (H. R. No. 2124) granting the right
of way through the public lands for the con-
struction of a railroad from Great Salt Lake
to Portland, Oregon ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1588) to change the time
for holding the spring term of the United
States circuit court and district court at Har-
risonburg, Virginia.
river and harbor bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the improvement of the James river, Virginia,
850,000.
Mr. DUKE. I move to increase that appro-
priation $50,000, so it will provide for the im-
provement of James river, Virginia, $100,000,
instead of $50,000. And I do so, Mr. Speaker,
for the following reasons: the city of Richmond,
Virginia, appropriated $350,000 for the im-
provement of the James river. I know gen-
tlemen will ask how many obstructions were
put in that river during the war, and how much
of that appropriation made by the city of Rich-
mond will it take to remove those obstructions.
One hundred thousand dollars of that appro-
priation, according to the estimates which have
been made, will remove all of those obstruc-
tions. Indeed, a great deal of the work had
already been done by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] in cutting the Dutch
Gap canal, but it will still take a large amount
to complete the work.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
hear the gentleman's statement.
Mr. DUKE. I was speaking of the benefit
conferred upon the State of Virginia by your
cutting the Dutch Gap canal.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we ask for this appro-
priation of $100,000 for the improvement of
the James river not only for the benefit of the
commerce of Virginia, but-for the benefit of
the commerce of the entire western country.
During the next year the railroad from the
Ohio river to the city of Richmond will be
completed, and a large portion of the trade
coming from the western States along that
road will be brought to the city of Richmond,
and will there seek water carriage to the
different ports of the world.
I wish in this connection to call attention to
another fact, and it is this that during the past
seventy-five years there have been appropri-
ated for river and harbor improvements in the
United States the sum of $28,000,000, aud of
that amount the State of Virginia has only re-
ceived $70,000 ; that is, of every $400 appro-
priated the State of Virginia has received ouly
one dollar. I am indebted to the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Conger] for this fact.
He made a very elaborate speech in 1870, in
which he showed that upward of $28,000,000
had been appropriated for rivers and harbors,
and of that amount Virginia had received only
$70,000.
Mr. CONGER. Seventy-five thousand dol-
Mr. DUKE. No ; I think $70,000. I have
looked at the gentleman's speech since he has
done so himself. As 1 have said, the city of
Richmond has appropriated $250,000 for the
purpose of carrying ou this work. We desire
to have it pushed forward as rapidly as possi-
ble. I will state also, that the State of Vir-
ginia now pays into your public Treasury
$10,000,000—not one dollar less—of internal
revenue alone.
Mr. CONGER. When my friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Duke] gets into the excitement
here winch naturally arises in a contest of this
character be forgets that in the committee he
was very well satisfied with $50,000. The
committee in the first instance proposed to
grant $35,000, but the gentleman and all his
colleagues, including the gentleman from the
Norfolk district, [Mr. Platt,] having looked
over the report, said they would be satisfied
wi.th $50,000; that that amount would be suf-
ficient. We then inci eased the amount to
$50,000, and everybody was happy.
Mr. DUKE. 1 was not before the com-
mittee at all. I never was before the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CONGER. I gave the gentleman the
credit with his constituents of having been be-
fore the committee and urging the claims of
his constituents. It he denies it, I have noth-
ing further to say about that.
Mr. DUKE. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state that the gentleman who repre-
sents this district is detained from his seat by
sickness in his family.
Mr. CONGER. All who represented that
region were perfectly satisfied, both Senators
and Representatives, with this vote of $50,000.
They knew that that was all which, under the
report of the engineers, we could appropriate
this year for that work, because it is a work
which can be carried on only at particular
stages of the river, at different periods during
the year. No Representative of the district
has made a complaint; all are satisfied.
Mr. DUKE. The engineer reports in favor
of an appropriation of $100,000.
Mr. CONGER. That is, to finish the work.
Mr. DUKE. No ; for this year.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 49,
noes 73.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the improvement of the Delaware river be-
tween Trenton and Bordcntown, New Jersey, 810,900,
Mr. STORM. I move to amend by striking
out •' $10,000 " and inserting '*$20,000." I
offer this amendment for the purpose of in-
quiring of the committee why the sum was
reduced from $20,000 to $10,000. The rec-
ommendation of the engineer is $20,000. The
whole sum iecommended to complete the im-
provement was $75,000, $20,000 of which it
