658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
fornia and Oregon would be groat commercial rivals,
and tho population ofour Pacific States would equal
or exceed tbat busy and blessed IN ew Ensland.
"To reach the golden lands of the Pacific coast
has been a matter of too much time and expense for
the poor man, and too full of trials for families. The
fact that, in spite of these almost insuperable difficul-
ties, so many intelligent people have found their
way thither, is a testimonial to the wonderful at-
tractions of tho country and the immense rewards
it offers to industry and enterprise,"
Look, sir, at the-dreary miles of travel which
had to be made with ox teams from the Mis-
souri river to Portland, Oregon, over a hot,
arid waste of sand and sage-brush. For more
than a thousand miles of this long and weari-
some road the emigrant, starling out with his
family to seek a new home, was compelled to
guard by day and by night his all from the
fierce and stealthy attacks of llie red mail of
the plains; and too often, sir, where he made
his camp at night, forest himself, his wife, and
little ones, became their graves on the morrow.
Such, sir, are some of the difficulties which
have been encountered in the settlement of
that section of the United States. But I do
not desire to recount the perils and hardships
of the past; our hopes and expectations have
to do with the future. The completion of the
Union Pacific railroad to Salt Lake annihilated,
so to speak, more than half of the distance
intervening between Oregon and the great lines
of speedy communication reaching eastward
from Omaha; and now it is the remaining
distance from Salt Lake to Portland we are
anxious to span with a, railroad.
The south line of Oregon is the forty-second
parallelof north latitude. By running the eye
across the map of the United States on that
parallel, it will be seen that Chicago, Illinois,
Toledo, Ohio, and the city of New York, are
all south of that parallel, while Boston is just
north of it. The mouth of the Columbia river
is in latitude 40° 15' north, and is a degree
and a half west of the Golden Gate. Port-
land, Oregon, is in latitude 45° 3(K north, and
is half a degree west of the city of San Fran-
cisco. Portland may be reached by ocean
steamers at all seasons of the year, and is
tho western terminus of the proposed road.
The north end of Salt Lake, the point of
intersection with the Central Pacific road, is
in 41° 30' north latitude, and-the course of
the route selected is very direct and remark-
ably Btraight. From Omaha to Ogden by the
Union Pacific is 1,032 miles; from Ogden to
the navigable waters of the Columbia river,
as ascertained by Colonel. Hudnutt in a pre-
liminary survey made in 18(58-69, undor the
direction of the Union Pacific Company, is
670 miles; and from thence to Portland, by
Government survey, is 145 miles, making the
whole distance frdm Ogden to Portland 815
miles; and from Omaha to Portland the dis-
tance wonld be. 1,847 miles, being sixty-seven
miles less than from Omaha to San Francisco.
But by making, the connection at Granger the
whole distance will be-very materially short-
ened. Colonel Hudnutt states the distance
from, the Columbia river to Granger (a point
just west of Green river) to be 688 miles, and
from the Columbia river to Omaha 1,565
miles. General Dodge in his report to the
Union Pacific Company, as sarveyor-iti-chief
in 1869, makes use of the following language:
. "The total distance from Portland to Monument
poiijt is 715 miles, und to the Missouri river 1,#22, or
from Granger's, 823 miles, and 1,700 miles from Alis-
joiri tiver, making a savin? in distance by Ham's
lork ot-lM miles, and avoiding; the summit of the
Wasatoh and Sierra Nevada mountains, with heavy
grades and sharp curves."
From thja.it >vill appear, Mr. Speaker, that
this route would be 214 miles shorter than the
present line-to San Francisco.
With this conhection Chicago could be
re&ehed from Portland, Oregon, by present
lines in 2,200 mites, and1 St, Louis in 2,180;
and from the navigable waters of the Columbia
river Chicago could be reachediu 2,066 miles,
and St. Louis in 2,045 miles.
Ffom this it will be readily seen that the
construction ofthe proposed road will complete
a through line of railway having very many
important advantages. Of this route-General
Dodge, in the report already referred to, says:
"From the date of my first examination for the
Pacific railroad, in 1863, each year's development
has convinced me that the true route to the Pacific
ocean was, after reaching the valloy of Green river,
by way ot IXam's fork. Bear, Snake, and Columbia
rivers to Portland and Pugct sound."
Sir, among the advantages of this route may
be noticed the fact that it shortens the line of
travel by sea and land between the great body
of the population of the United States and the
countries of India, China, and Japan, seven or
eight hundred wiles, and will be found on
comparison to be much shorter than any route
now proposed to tide-water on the Pacific, and,
looking to the great difficulties to be encount-
ered by any transcontinental road, such as
mountains, and snows of winter, we shall find
that this presents as few as any north of the
thirty-second parallel, the greatest of which are
encountered between Omaha and Salt Lake.
From this point one very important advan-
tage is that it reaches the navigable waters of
the Columbia river three hundred miles from
its mouth, and follows its course, passing on a
low level and easy gradients from the interior
plateaus and basins of the continent to the
tide-waters of the Pacific ocean, its egress
being through the doorway wade by the pas-
sage of tho waters of that great river through
the Cascade range, which extends unbroken,
with this exception, from latitude 41° north far
into British Columbia.
Thus far, Mr. Speaker, I have endeavored to
map out the points to be affected by the con-
struction of the proposed road, and have given
locations and distances by which the import-
ance of the road may be, in some measure,
estimated, as well in its general as local bear-
ings.
Sir, a half century ago the States of Ohio,
Illinois, and Indiana constituted the great
West. How to reach the West of that day
by the shortest and most expeditious lines
ot communication engrossed the thoughts of
capitalists, business men, and statesmen. How
well they solved the problem your great
lines ot railways which have since been con-
structed from the various commercial centers
on tho Atlantic sea board to that section most
fully attest. But the West lingers no longer
in the valley of the Ohio. The great tide of
emigration and empire ever moving and ever
pressing westward, long since crossed the
Mississippi; its course was not stayed at the
Missouri; the plains and the Rocky mountains
have been crossed, and from the western
dec.ivities of still further off ranges it looks out
upon the broad waters of the Pacific ocean,
whose waves wash more than a thousand
miles of our western boundary. From the
bosom of this great ocean and beyond its
waves is to come the future wealth that will
enrich our new West, and not only our West,
but our whole country. From our Occident
we now behold the Orient—the East whjch
Columbus thought to reach by sailing directly
westward from Europe. There, outstretched
before us, lies Asia with her thousand million
people, shrouded in the traditions of an
ancient and effete civilization; with her untold
millions of wealth, tho accumulation of ages,
whose cycles are vailed in the impenetrable
past; with her trade and commerce, that
prize which has been coveted by more civilized
nations in every age ; between, stretches ahe
broad, deep waters of the Pacific ocean. There,
sir, is the field of our future success and the
prize to be won, the "empire of the seas.
Founded, as it would seem by design, in an
irreversible law of nature, the Japan current
comes sweeping up from the equatorial regions
of the Pacific and Indian oceans, along the
southeast coast of Asia, striking aeross the
northern portions of the Pacific between the
fortieth and sixtieth parallels of north lati-
tude, and strikes the western coast of North
America in the vicinity of the mouth of tho
Columbia river and the straits of Fuca, which
lead into the waters of Puget sound. All will
understand the importance of this current, and
be able to calculate what influence it will exert
upon the eastward-bound commerce of Asia,
bearing it to tbat particular point upon our
western coast from whence nature has, by
depressions and breaks in our great mountain
ranges, provided a transit way across our con-
tinent, needing only the construction of this
road to be wrought into a great commercial
highway.
Mr. Speaker, I sometimes doubt whether
we as a nation fully comprehend the vastness
of our resources or the importance of our
geographical position. Sir, contemplate for a
moment the course of Asiatic commerce in
past centuries, and the influence it hasexerted
upon the rise, progress, and decline of other
nations: first, flowing inland across the
ancient Bosphorus and upon the Mediter-
ranean sea; subsequently, turning southward
through the Indian ocean and around the
south of Africa, it has for more than two thou-
sand years poured an almost uninterrupted
stream of wealth into the lap of Europe,
first enriching the Roman and Byzantine
empires, and subsequently, as they fell to pieces
and went to decay, the southern and western
nations of Europe; that in more recent times
England has principally controlled this vast
commerce, and by this means rose to and has
maintained her position as mistress of the seas;
and then, sir, remember that we now hold
a position midway between Europe and Asia,
and may by our own exertions, properly and
wisely directed, hold for all time to come this
middle passage between the source, and hith-
erto recipients, of this great stream of wealth.
Upon the one sideof us are the three hundred
millions of Europe, upon the other side are
the thousand millions of Asia, the latter just
beginning to feel the awakening influences of
a broader and better civilization. The Allan-
tic, which washes our eastern shores, washes
also the western shores of Europe, and the
Pacific, which washes our western coast,
laves also the eastern coast of Asia. Ocean
currents, the winds of heaven, the indent-
ations of our coasts with bays aud harbors,
the course and mouthing of grfat rivers,
the breaks and depressions in our mountain
ranges, and the isothermal? of our continent,
all point: to a new course for this commercial
current.
It is iuipossihlc, sir, to estimate the extent
and magnitude of the revolution we have it in
our power to effect; a revolution that will be
as truly benign in its influence and results as it
will be peaceful in its progress and its accom-
plishment. By legislation already had, which
culminated in the completion of the Central
aud Union Pacific road, the first fruits of this
revolution have been .gathered. Already, sir,
there is on sale in the city of New York pro-
ducts of Asia, which came not by the way of
Liverpool, nor yet around Cape Horn, but by
the new channel overland from San Francisco,
and daily there are passing eastward upon this
road long trains of cars laden with teas and
silks from China and Japan. And even now
the tide of travel from eastern Asia to western
Europe by the way of San Francisco and^iew
York has set in. I cannot resist the tempta-
tion to quote here the remarks of one of the
speakers at a collation given upon the comple-
tion of the Pennsylvania.Central to Hollidays-
burg, on the 18th of October, 1850, which, in
the light of subsequent eveuts, are like the
words of a seer. The speaker said:
"The English mail from Calcutta willyet travel
overoiuPennsylvaniarailroad, andits iron ribs will
groan under the weight of commodities passing to
and fro between the 250,000,000 of people east of the
Altantic and the750,00u,000west of the Pacific. The
discovery of onr continent by Columbus was acci-
dental ; but the builders of this road ajja its several
