1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
Mr. HOAR. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am much
obliged to the gentleman. I now ask the Clerk
to read the preamble and resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas Mexico, aneighboring and conterminous
territory, is and has been in a state of revolution
now for half a century; and whereas on our borders
there are constant raids and inroads more or less
destructive to life and to the property of the people
ol these United States, thus demanding from our
Government protection and interposition; and
whereas philanthropy, humanity, and Christianity
thus shocked revolt from this continuous shedding
of human blood in endless civil wars which are de-
populating the country and reducing the people
thereof to barbarism: Therefore,
JJeitreiolved,(the Senate concurring therein,)That
the President of the Senate and Speaker of the
House of Representatives appoint a joint commit-
tee, three from each body, to devise the wisest and
be3t means for the pacification of Mexico and the
establishment of law and order on our own borders.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a very grave sub-
ject. I would like to have that resolution
reported again.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. COGHLAN. That looks to me some-
thing like a protectorate, or an attempt to
establish a protectorate over the republic of
Mexico. I must object to its being considered
at this time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Very well; I
give notice that I will offer it on Monday next.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS,
On motion of Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous
cousent, leave was granted to withdraw from
the files of the House papers in the case of
Eli M. Dennison.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence for
two weeks from Monday next was granted
to Mr. Rainey on account of sickness in his
family.
FOX AND WISCONSIN RIVERS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
th'e Secretary of War, transmitting a copy of
the report of the arbitrators selected under the
act ot Congress for the improvement of water
communication between the Mississippi river
and Lake Michigan by the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed,
CLEARING-HOUSE EXCHANGES.
Mr. MERRIAM, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Banking and
Currency a bill (H. R. No. 1869) for_ the
security of bank reserves, and to facilitate
bank clearing-house exchanges; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
RECONSIDERATION Off REFERENCES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to reconsider
the vote by which all bills and resolutions have
this day been referred or recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. PETERS, (at
four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees: .
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of James
Pickett, late chargfj d'affaires at Peru, asking
a readjustment of his accounts.
By Mr. DUKE : The memorial of Hamilton
Boyu, of Lynchburg, Virginia, asking Congress
to reimburse him for one hundred and sixty
bales of cotton seized by a United States Treas-
ury agent in September, 1863, and sold for
the benefit of the United States.
By Mr. PRYE: The petition of A. H. Davis
and others, that type may be placed upon the
free list.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The memo-
rial of the heirs of Charles F. Sibbald, in rela-
tion to damages sustained by reason of said
Charles F. Sibbald being dispossessed of lands
by the United States authorities.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of D. F%
Ramsour, of Cherokee county, North Caro-
lina, asking the removal of his political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of David W.
Bruce and others, for an increase of duty on
printing-types.
Also, the petition of L. Songer and others,
for an act of Congress enabling them to enter
certain lands.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of soldiers
of Maine, asking additional compensation for
services rendered during the war of the rebel-
lion.
By Mr. MANSON; The petition of Jere-
miah Kerney, publisher of the Crawfordsville
Star, in the city of Crawfordsville, Indiana,
asking that section one hundred and sixty-two
of the revised codification of the postal laws,
now before Congress, may be amended so as
to read as follows: "that persons known as
regular publishers and dealers in newspapers
and periodicals may receive by mail such quan-
tities of either as they may print, and pay post-
age thereon as received, at the same rates pro
rata as regular subscribers to publications
weighing four ounces who pay quarterly in
SLclv3 nc& *'
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The remonstrance
of A. T. McCready and 216 others, citizens
of New Castle, Pennsylvania, against a change
of the existing tariff laws abating or abolish-
ing duties upon such articles as are success-
fully produced in this country, and praying
the repeal of all duties upon tea and coffee
and such other articles of necessity or com-
fort as cannot be produced in the United
States; and further praying that duties shall
be so adjusted as to encourage and defend
every home industry, and to foster the honor
and interests of tbe American laborer.
By Mr. McHENRY : The memorial of J. G.
Wells, praying compensation for property lost
in the war.
By Mr. MERRIAM: The memorial of S. N.
Bond and others, of Jefferson county, New
York, in favor of protection to American
labor.
By Mr. MOORE : A petition asking that a
pension be granted to the widow of the late
major of the eighth Pennsylvania cavalry vol-
By Mr. MOREY: The petition of citizens
of Homer, Louisiana, praying a donation of
public land to the Homer Male College.
Also, the memorial of the house of repre-
sentatives of the Louisiana Legislature, asking
authority to close the month of Bayou La
Fourche.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petitions
of John C. Drake and John M. S. Greene, of
Upson- county, Georgia, asking the removal
of their political disabilities.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of John T. Adams and others, of Norwich,
Connecticut, asking a general reduction of
tariff duties to a revenue basis, and a repeal
of all duties on salt, coal, and pig iron.
By Mr. WALDEN: The petition of A. C.
Bailey and numerous others, citizens of Mon-
roe county, Iowa, for a reduction of tariff.
By Mr. WALDRON: The petition of Carl
Epping and C. B. Phillips, for compensation
for property seized and appropriated by the
United States Army.
POST ROUTE BILL INTRODUCED.
The following was introduced under the rule,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: A bill to
establish a mail route from Ionia to Easton,
Michigan.
IN SENATE.
Monday. March 11, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. H. W. Warren, D. D., of
Philadelphia.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Maine, in favor
of an appropriation for the construction of
a canal around the falls of Niagara, on the
American side; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the repeal
of the bankrupt law; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of George
D. Nagle, praying indemnity for losses sus-
tained by him in furnishing brick used in the
construction of a light-house at Pigeon Point,
California; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of a semi-weekly
mail route from Red Bluff, Yehama county, to
Shasta City, Shasta county; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Red Bluff to Yreka;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, asking the adoption ot'sach
treaties and legislation as will discourage Chi-
nese immigration ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petition
of J. W. Burbridge & Co., Turner, Clay &
Co., and Thomas Mitchell, praying for relief
from taxes on forty-nine barrels of whisky
burned in January, 1868, while in a bonded
warehouse in the city of New Orleans, Louis-
iana ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Hughes
& Allen, praying that publishers of and deal-
ers in newspapers and periodicals be allowed
to receive private matter weighing four ounces
on the same terms as regular subscribers;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of J. Hurl-
but, praying that he be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-,
sions.
He also presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying that J. Hurlbut be
allowed a pension ; which were referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, asking the establishment
of a port of delivery at La Crosse, in that
State ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, asking a grant of land to
aid in the construction of tbe Green Bay and
Superior railway; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the repeal of
the bankrupt law ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of a modifica-
tion of the homestead law; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying that if the duties
be taken off tea and coffee, the law shall not
take effect for at least ninety days after the
passage of the act; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr, FERK1", of Michigan, presented a pr «
