1872.
the congressional globe.
2451
was recommended should be expended during
this fiscal year.
Mr. HOLMAN, The total estimates were
something over thirteen million dollars. It
became necessary to reduce them all very
largely, and the reduction of fifty per cent, in
regard to this particular improvement is about
the average reduction of the appropriation.
Mr. STORM. Notwithstanding the explan-
ation of the gentleman trom Indiana, [Mr.
HolmanJ I feel that I must sustain the posi-
tion taken by my friend from New York, [Mr.
Cox,] that this is not a fair distribution of the
sum the committee have proposed to expend
on river and harbor improvements this year.
The State of Pennsylvania has about thirty-five
thousand dollars of this sum, whereas a few
small streams in the'State of Connecticut
get $170,000; Massachusetts gets $167,000;
Maine $175,000; while, as I have said, the
great Slate of Pennsylvania gets for all her
river and harbor improvements but the sum of
§35,000, the appropriation for this particular
improvement being cut down to one halt' of
what was recommended by the Department.
The Delaware river has been neglected long
euough by Congress. Though it ought to be
navigable to Easton for steamboats, yet it is
not, because the Government has always
refused the necessary aid. It is one of our
most beautiful rivers; it is the natural outlet
of the lumber region of eastern Pennsylvania
and the southern portion of New York. Eas-
ton, standing at the junction of the Lehigh
with this river, commands the outlet of the
Lehigh valley, one of the finest valleys in the
world, and one of the richest in mineral and
agricultural products. The Delaware river is
also the natural outlet from the great anthra-
cite coal regions of eastern Pennsylvania.
Yet this magnificent channel of trade and
commerce, in which the great States of New
York, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey are so
vitally interested, is disposed of by a petty
appropriation of $10,000. I shall ask 10 have
that portion of the Delaware between Easton
and Trenton placed in the bill for survey for
the next year.
Mr. SARGENT. I would like to inquire
whether the theory on which gentlemen pro-
pose these amendments is that the amount
left ill the Treasury, after necessary expendi-
tures, is a "pot" to be equally divided among
different sections or different States. I think
such an idea is entirely erroneous. It is no argu-
ment in favor of giving a certain amount to a
certain harbor in a particular State, or a par-
ticular section of the country, that an amount
greater than that, or equal to that, has been
given to some other havborin some other State.
There is no sound argument ill thus attacking
appropriations because of the localities where
they are to be expended. If harbors in Wis-
consin or in Michigan get too much under this
bill, let this be shown, and we will cut down
the appropriations for them. But if the amounts
asked are necessary for the improvement of
the harbors there, it is no argument, because
those appropriations are made, that the like
appropriations must be made for South Caro-
lina or Pennsylvania. This money is to be
taken from the Treasury only because the
necessity for these works demands it; and it
is no argument for an appropriation thatagen-
tleman represents a State to which less is
allowed than to some other State, or to which
nothing is allowed. I tiust we shall have no
more of such arguments on this floor.
Mr. SHELDON. The State of Nevada is
not in this bill, because she has no interest of
this class to improve.
The question being taken on Mr. Storm's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For surveys and examinations, with a view to the
improvement of rivers and harbors, $150,000.
Mr. SLATER. I move to insert after the
last paragraph read "for the improvement of
the upper Willamette, $15,000. The work on
this river has been in progress during the last
year; but owing to the lateness of the season
the estimates for further work on the river have
not yetbeen received at the Department. The
appropriation for last year was $15,000. The
report of the engineer in charge states that the
estimates will be forwarded as soon as the work
for the season of 1871 shall have been com-
pleted. Those estimates have not yet arrived
here; but I offer the amendment now, because
I would not have the opportunity to do so if
I waited the arrival of the estimates. The
Legislature of Oregon appropriated $200,000
to build locks at the falls of this river, and this
appropriation is to be expended above the
falls.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope this amendment
will be agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. That matter was before
the Committee on Commerce, and we gave it
Very iull consideration. This amendment pro-
poses an appropriation for an entirely new
work.
Mr. SLATER. It is not a new work.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to, upon a divis-
ion—ayes 54, noes 78.
Mr. SLATER. I move the same amend-
ment, except that 1 make the amount to be
appropriated $14,000. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Sawyer] says that this is for a
new work. I hold in my hand the report of the
engineer in regard to this work, which has
been in progress during the last year. He
states that the estimates would be forwarded
at the close of the season's work. I ask that
this appropriation be now made to continue
this work during the next season, and which
must cease without an appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. How much was appropri-
ated for this work last year?
Mr. SLATER. The sum of $15,000.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment ; and it was not agreed to, upon a divis-
ion—ayes 59, noes 75.
Mr. SLATER. I renew the amendment
with the sum of $12,000.
Mr. SAWYER. Oh, no ; I hope not.
Mr. CONGER. I would ask thegentleman
how much he thinks his State would be favored
by his insisting upon going against the report
of the Committee on Commerce, and against
the recommendation of the board of engin-
eers ?
Mr. SLATER. The gentleman is mistaken
about that.
Mr. CONGER. I am not mistaken, I think.
Mr. SLATER. The gentleman is mistaken
entirely. There seems to be a misapprehen-
sion that this is not a work now in progress.
I hold in my hand, as I stated before, the re-
port of the engineer, who says the estimates
will be forwarded when the work for the sea-
son is ended. The report has notyetanived ;
and unless I move the amendment now I can-
not get ail opportunity to do so before it is too
late. The sum of $12,000 is a small sum to
continue this work, without which the sum
expended last season will be practically worth-
less.
The question was taken upon the. amend-
ment; and upon a division there were-—ayes
02, noes 68.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SLATER called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; andthereweretwenty-threein the affirma-
tive.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LAMISON. I move to amend by in-
serting after the last paragraph read "for
the removal of obstructions from the river
St. Mary's, Ohio, $10,000." This river runs
through a portion of my district and inio the
State of Indiana. It has been obstructed by
reason of sunken logs, &e., and the removal
of the obstructions are demanded for open-
ing the navigation of the river, as also for the
health of the inhabitants, which is affected
by the marshy character of the region over-
flowed.
Mr. SAWYER. I raise the point of order
that there has been no survey of that river.
Mr. LAMISON. There has been a survey,
and I have the report at my room.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
meld. ) Has the gentleman a survey from the
Bureau of Engineers?
Mr. LAMISON. No; but I have a report
from the Land Office.
Mr. STEVENSON. There should be a re-
port from a water office. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. I make the point of order
that there is no report of the Engineer Bureau,
and no authority of law for this appropriation.
Mr. LAMISON. The Commissioner of the
Land Office reports that this is a navigable
stream, running into two States, and that the
health of the people there demands that the
obstructions shall be removed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order; the amendment is
not in order.
Mr. SAWYER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to move that the
following paragraphs be inserted at this point
in the bill;
For removal of rocks at New Haven harbor, Con-
necticut, sl5,000,
For the improvement of the Cooheco river, within
tho town of Dover, New Hampshire, $10,000.
For improvement of Black river harbor, Ohio,
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. Mr. Speaker, I move to amend
by addiug at the end of section one the fol-
lowing ;
For the improvement of Cuivre river, Missouri,
in pursuance of the estimates of chief of engineers,
933,000.
I ask to have read, sir, by the Clerk, as a
part of my remarks in support of this amend-
ment, the report of the chief of engineers to
the Secretary of War, found on the second
page of said report.
The Clerk read as follows:
4. Examination of Ouivre river, Missouri, from its
mouth to Moscow Mills.—This river forms with Big
ereek the boundary between Lincoln andSt. Charles
counties, Missouri, and empties into the Mississippi
above the mouth of the Illinois. Its improvement
would chiefly afford facilities for the transportation
of tho coal and iron of Lincoln county, through
which during the past year the Keokuk and St.
Louis railroad has been extended as far down
Ouivre river as the mouth of Big creek, about nine
and a half miles below Moscow Mills. This road
will eventually intersect the North Missouri rail-
road at or near St. Charles, on the Missouri, and
thus lessen the importance of this stream as a means
of transportation.
The impediments to navigation are principally
gravel-bars, snags, and overha.nging trees, which
are so much more numerous in theuppertban ill the
lower part of its course. Estimates are. therefore
only submitted for improvement below Big creek, a
distance of about eighteen miles, as follows:
To give a depth of four leet at the lowest
stage $33,077 50
To give a depth of six feet at the lowest
stage  60,065 00
Mr. KING. 1 would add a word to the
statement just read from said report in sup-
port of the amendment under consideration.
And 1 desire to say, first, that the deposits of
coal and iron iu Lincoln county are among
the most attractive and important in the west-
ern country, especially the deposits of stone
coal. It is a fact well understood that large
deposits of stone coal, of good quality for the
manufacture of gas, and other purposes, are
not numerous, not convenient to the cities of
St. Louis, Alton, and other central cities of
the western valley. The stone coal of said
Lincoln county is found in very large deposits,
strata varying from six to fifteen leet in thick-
ness. These strata crop out in many places
from the hill-sides along the creeks and
branches, is of excellent quality, remarkably
free from sulphur, and practical experiment
