1556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
test of citizens of Saginaw valley, against the
passage of the Chicago relief bill; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens
of the counties of Sanilac and Huron, Michi-
gan, protesting against the passage of the Chi-
cago relief bill ; which was ordered to lie ou
the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of four
hundred and fifty citizens of the State of
Iowa, asking Congress to pass a law to pro-
hibit the sale, manufacture, or importation of
intoxicating liquors; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. VVINDOM presented four petitions of
citizens of Minnesota, late soldiers of the Uni-
ted States Army, praying for a modification
of the homestead laws; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FENTON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Onondaga county, New York, protest-
ing against the repeal of the duty on foreign
salt; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present resolutions adopted
by the Legislature of the State of Maine, in
relation to our ship-building and mercantile
interests, instructing their Senators and re-
questing their Representatives to bring to the
immediate attention of Congress a bill author-
izing drawbacks of the amount paid upon arti-
cles that enter into the construction of ships.
I do not know that there is any necessity for
reading the resolves ; 1 have stated their sub-
stance. I move that they be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, atid printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I also present resolves re-
lating to the shipping interests of Maine, in-
viting the attention of Congress particularly to
a bill which has been introduced into the other
branch of Congress by the Representative of
the fifth district of Maine. I do not know that
t there is any necessity for reading those reso-
\ lutions. 1 move that they also be referred to
1 the Committee on Commerce, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of work-
ers in the Moshannon Coal Company's colliery,
citizens of Clearfield county, Pennsylvania,
praying for a repeal of the duties on tea, cof-
fee, and such other articles as cannot be pro-
duced intho United States, and remonstrating
against any change in the duties on articles
which can be successfully produced in this
country; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
the Shenango iron-works, citizensof Newcas-
tle, Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against a change of the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are produced in this country, and
praying for the repeal of all duties upon tea,
coffee, and such other articles of necessity
and comfort as cannot be produced in the
United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
and about the Snowshoe bituminous coal mines,
citizens of Snowshoe, Centre county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for a repeal of the duties ontea
and colfee, and such other articles as cannot
be produced in the United States, and remon-
strating against reduction of duties on articles
manufactured in this country ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. OSBORN presented additional papers
to accompany the memorial of Ellen C. Long,
in the matter of the claim of her father, Gen-
eral R. K. Call; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented two petitions of
citizens of Ohio, late soldiers in the United
States Army, praying the passage of an act
giving $8 33J per month for the entire time
served, deducting all Government bounty paid ;
also asking that the twenty-fifth section of the
act of July 15,1870, be so amended as to allow
bounty land to honorably discharged soldiers
without the requirements of settlement and cul-
tivation ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of LeviChilds,
of Massachusetts, praying aid in consequence
of a wound received at the battle of Gettysburg;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present concurrent
resolutions of the Legislature of California,
which have already been presented by my col-
league. The resolutions instruct the Senators
and request the Representatives in Congress
from that State to use their best endeavors for
the adoption of such treaty regulations and
such legislation as shall discourage Chinese
immigration. The grounds are set forth at
considerable length, and if there be anyvirtue
in party declarations they ought to be grounds
upon which the people of California are sub-
stantially unanimous. The subject is one of
special interest to that coast, but it is also
one of general interest to the country. I
therefore ask that the resolutions be printed
in the Globe, and be also printed for the
information of the Senate. I understand that
the reference made of the resolutions on my
colleague's motion was to the Judiciary Com-
mittee. I suggest to him and to the Senate
that they should go to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, because they relate to our
relations with foreign nations, and also our
treaty stipulations. If he has no objection, I
should like to change the reference.
Mr. COLK. I have no objection whatever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If they ask for
legislation, they should probably go to the
Committee on the Judieiary; but if the Sen-
ator from California desires them to go to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, the resolu-
tions will be so referred.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Pres-
ident of the Senate that the resolutions ask
for treaty stipulations as well as for legislation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
will be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. The Senator desires to have them
printed in the Globe, as they relate to a matter
of national concern. If there be no objection,
that order will be made.
The resolutions are as follows :
Assembly concurrent resolution, instructing our Sena-
tors and requesting our Representatives in Congress
to obtain the adoption of suck treaty regulations and
legislationas shall discourage Chinese immigration.
Whereas the presence in our midst of a large num-
ber of Chinese, who are incapable of assimilation
■with our race, ignorant of the nature and forms of
our Government, and who manifest no disposition
to acquire a knowledge of tho same, or to conform
to our habits, manners, and customs, is a serious and
continuing injury to the best interests of the State;
and whereas their employment under the plea of
cheap wages is offensive to the exalted American
idea oft the dignity of labor, detrimental to the
prosperity and happiness of our own laboring classes,
and an evil which should be abated: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Assembly, (tho Senate concur-
ring,) That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and our Representatives requested, to use their influ-
ence, and urge upon the federal Government the
adoption of such treaty regulations and legislation
as shall discourago their further immigration to our
shores.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to for-
ward a copy of this preamble and these resolutions
to our Senators and llepresenttftives at Washington
without delay.
P. J. HOPPER.
Speaker of the Assembly pro tempore.
R. PACHECO,
President of the Senate.
Assembly concurrent resolution No, 3. Passed the
assembly January 8, 1872.
GEORGE W, DIXON,
Assistant Clerk of the Assembly,
Passed the senate February 17,1872.
ROBERT FERRET,
Secretary of the Senate.
State op California,
Department of State.
I, Drury Melone, secretary of State of the State
of California, do hereby certify that the annexed is
a true, full, and correct copy of assembly concur-
rent resolution No. 3, (passed the assembly January
8,1872; passed the senate February 17,1872,) now on
file in my office.
Witness my hand and the great seal of the State
rT i at my office in Sacramento, California, the
lI" &'J 1st day of March, A. D. 1872.
DRTJRY MELONE,
Secretary of State,
By n. II. RUSSELL,
Deputy.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying an extension of
bounty and bounty land to all soldiers and
sailors who served in the late rebellion ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of citizens
of Michigan protesting against the passage of
the Chicago relief bill now before Congress, so
far as it provides for the remission of duties
on lumber; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CHANDLER. I also present a memo-
rial of citizens of the counties of Sanilac and
Huron, in the State of Michigan, with three
or four hundred signatures of most influential
and respectable gentlemen in those two coun-
ties to the same effect, protesting against the
passage of that bill. I move that it lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I likewise present a
protest, in the form of resolutions adopted at
a large public meeting of the lumbermen of
the Saginaw valley, held at East Saginaw,
which, if there be no objection, I would like
to have read by the Clerk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Protest of the Saginaw Valley Lumbermen's Associa-
tion against the Chicago relief bill.
Whereas a strong effort is being put forth by a
combination of interests at Chicago with numerous,
and wealthy Canadian lumbermen and other for-
eign importers and manufacturers, to force the bill
known as the Chicago relief bill through the United
States Senate, (the same having already passed tho
House,) which measure practically amounts to :i
repeal of the tariff duty on foreign lumber and many
other articles, such as may be used in rebuilding
the portions of said city burned in October last, tho
principal business men and lumber producers of
the Saginaw valley, fearing and feeling the passage
of said bill will be a source of serious injury to tho
general business and prosperity of Michigan, and
especially to the lumber and iron-producing districts
of the State, have assembled in this public meeting
to enter their united and earnest protest against the
passage of said bill, or the enactment by Congress of
any measure of like character,
Resolved, That we are opposed to this attempt aq
a precedent for supplying Government aid for the
relief of particular interests or sections against
casualties or conflagrations the result of natural or
artificial causes, believing it far better and safer to
rely upon the liberality and charity of the people,
which has been so nobly and unsparingly exempli-
fied toward the people of Chicago and sufferers from
the same cause throughout the Northwest. Such
legislation is not in accord with the letter or spirit
of our Constitution or Government, and will prove
dangerous in principle and introduce corruption in
seeking and disbursing such aid.
Resolved, That the method of relief proposed in
this bill is not only unequal and unjust to other sec-
tions of the country, but it is unwise and uncon-
stitutional. It takes from one class of sufferers to
relieve the wants of another. It practically makes
Chicago a "free port," and discriminates in favor
of its business, growth, and prosperity, against every
other city in the country. It opens tho doors for im-
mense frauds upon the revenue, and offers a direct
premium for personal dishonesty and the violation
of law. It will require the passage of additional
laws to protect tho revenue, and add largely to tho
general expenses, to confer a private benefit upon a
few citizens. It makes the national Treasury and
. its officers instruments to oppress one portion of the
people in assuming to aid another. It imposes upon
two of the producing interests of Michigan, iron and
lumber, unnecessary and onerous taxation to benefit
tho owners of real estate in another State and city.
I It establishes a precedent for unlawful and unequal
taxation in its most odious form, which if carried
to its logical conclusion should and will be applied
under similar circumstances not only to cities, but
to villages, towns, and individuals.
Resolved, That the small amount of duty on the
lumber that will be required to rebuild the city of
Chicago is the lightest part of the burden that will
be thrown upon the lumbermen of Michigan. Tho
general depression of the price, whioh the adoption
of this bill will undoubtedly produce, foreshad-
ows ruin to the whole lumber interest of the State.
We believe the loss of timber in this State by lire
last year was not less than $25,000,000. To save all
they could of the damaged stock, the lumberman
have put into market a supply of nearly doublo
that of former years, and at an enhanced cost of
fully twenty-fiveper cent, over the average seasons.
