608
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
Senate.
Senator from Kansas—Report.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
considering the testimony adduced before them,
are clearly of the opinion that the charges of
bribery and corruption against, S. C. Pomeroy,
connected with his senatorial election by the
Kansas Legislature of 1867, totally fail to be
sustained by any compe'ent proof, but seem to
have been urged for some purpose, unknown
to your committee, beyond that of correcting
existing evils. Your committee, therefore,
beg to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same.
O. P. MORTON,
B. F. RICE,
JOHN A.. LOGAN,
H. B. ANTHONY.
MATT. H. CARPENTER,
Committee.
We concur with the other members of the
committee in the finding that there is not evi-
dence before us sufficient to show that Mr.
Pom buoy's election was procured by the use
of corrupt means; and having no definite,
reliable information leading to the conclusion
that further investigation would develop such
evidence, we concur in the recommendation
that the committee be discharged, from the
further consideration of the subject. Here we
think that our duty euda. We do not think it
proper to impugn the motives of those who
urged this investigation. The subject was
brought to the notice of the Senate by the
General Assembly of Kansas, and, as it seems
to us, a proper respect for that bodyprecludes
an imputation of improper motives.
We cannot, therefore, concur in the last
paragraph of the report, and there are other
passages that do not meet our approval. For
these reasons we have preferred to state our
views in our own language.
A. G. THURMAN,
JOSHUA HILL.
APPENDIX.
Journal of the Proceedings of the Committee
on Privileges and Elections' of the Senate
of the United States in the Investigation
of the Senatorial Elections in Kansas in
1807 and 1871.
On Wednesday, the 8th day of April, 1872,
(he Senate of the United States referred to the
Committee on Privileges and Elections a cer-
tified copy of the " Report of the joint com-
mittee of investigation, appointed by ihe Kan-
sas Legislature ol 187;!, to investigate all charges
of bribery and corruption connected with the
senatorial elections of 1867 and 1871; also,
report of special committee of the Kansas sen-
ate of 1872, appointed to investigate certain
charges against Hon. Jarius Wood, sena-
tor from Doniphan county," accompanied by
  certified copy of a joint resolution of the Kan-
sas Legislature, directing a copy of taid report
to be placed in the hands of the Governor of
Kansaa, with the request that he forward it to
the Vice President of the United .States, ask-
ing him to lay it before the Senate of tW United
States for their information; and, also, a letter
of transmittal from the Governor of Kansas.
Washington, D. C.,
Saturday, April 20, 1872.
The committee met upon the call of the
chaii man.
Pieseot, the chairman, (Mr. Morton,)
Messrs. Rice, Carpenter, Logan, Hill,
Thuuman, and Antkuxy.
The chairman read to the committee the
report of the joint, committee of the Kansas
Legislature, (exclusive of the testimony.)
_ On motion, the clerk of the committee was
directed to prepare an abstract of the testi-
mony contained in the printed volume attached
to the report of the joint committee, separat-
ing that in relation'to the election of Mr. Pome-
roy from that in relation to the election of Mr.
Caldwell.
On motion, the further consideration of this
subject was postponed until Tuesday, April
23, 1872.  
• - Washington, Tuesday,
• ' ' April 23,' 1872.
The committee met pursuant to adjourn-
ment. • 1 * " •
Present, the chairman, (Mr. Morton,) Mr.
Rice, Mr. Carpenter, Mr. Logan, Mr. Hill,
Mr. ThhUmaS, and Mr. Anthony.
• Mr. Pomeroy appeared and asked that he
might be heard before his "ease was finally
considered. His Request was agreed to.
Mr. Pomerot stated that he desired bis case
considered by itself, and separate from auy
pther, and that a report be ipade tty the coiji-
mittee upon it at the earliest t.imepoasihle.
The iurther consideration of -this case was,
on motion, postponed until to morrow.
On motion, the committee adjourned td
meet to-morrow at ten a. m.
Washington, WEdnesd'aT,
April 24, 1872.
Th« committee met pursuant to adjourn-
ment.
Present, {he chairman, (Mr. Mobton,)
Messrs. Rioe, Carpenter, Logan, Hill, Tbur-
man, and Anthony.
The clerk read to the committee an abstract
of the testimony relating to the election of Mr.
Pomeroy, contained in the volume referred to
the committee.
Mr. 'J'hurman having stated that he was
suddenly called home by the illness of his son ;
that he would probably be absent ten day8 or
two weeks, and that he desired to be present
when tlus subject was considered, en motion
of the chairman, it was postponed until his
(Mr. Thurman's) return.
Washington, Saturday,
May 11,1872.
The committee met on the call of the chair-
man.
Present, the chairman, (Mr. Morton,)
Messrs. Rice, Carpenter, Logan, Hill, Thur-
Man, and Anthony.
On motion of Mr. Thurman, it was
Resolved, That the chairman of the com-
mittee do ask the Senate for leave to send for
persons and papersin reference to the elections
of both 1867 and 1871, and that the committee
have leave to sit in the vacation, and to take
testimony by either the whole committee or a
sub-committee, at Washington or elsewhere ;
that in asking for authority as aforesaid the
chairman be requested to state that the com-
mittee expresses no opinion upon the subject.
On motion, the committee adjourned to Mod-
Washington, Monday,
May 13,1872.
The committee met pursuant to adjournment.
Present, the chairman, (Mr. Morton, )Messrs.
Rice, Logan, Hill, Thurman, and Anthony.
Absent, Mr. Carpenter.
The chairman laid befofe the committee the
following resolution of the Senate:
In the Senate of Tins Uxited States,
May 11,1872.
Iteaolved, That the Committee on Privileges and
Elections be authorized to investigate the election
of Senator S. C. Pomeroy. by the Legislature of Kan-
sas, in 18(57; and the election of Senator Alexinpeit
Oalo^ei.l, in 1871; that the committee have power to
sent! tor persons and papers; that the chairman or
acting chairman ot said committee,oranysub-com-
mitten thereof, have power to administer oaths; ;ind
that the committee bo authorized to sitm Washing-
ton. or elsewhere, during the session of Congress, and
ia vacation.
Attest: ' GEORGE C. GORIIAM.
Secrftary,
■ by w. j. Mcdonald.
, Chief (Jlcrk.
On motion, of Mr. Logan, it was
Ordered, That the witnesses relating to
charges against S. C. Pomeroy in the senato-
rial election of 1867, as shown by the volume
of evidence before the committee, (George A.
Reynolds, Joahua Wheeler, I. S. Kalloeh,
William Spriggs, D. R. Anthony, and Ed-
ward.Russell,) be summoned by telegraph to
appear before.this committee forthwith ; also,
Edmund G. Ross and Thomas Carney :, that
the clerkiof the committee notify S. CI. Pome-
rot thereof, and, if he desires witnesses sum-
moned, that they be also summoned at the
same time and in the:same manner. .
On motion of tihe ehairtoaa, the clerk of the
committee was directed t"D make- uiqttiry who
ia* the present custodian of,the books and
papers of the late Perry Fuller, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, and, if sueh inform-
ation can be had, that the party having pos-
session of his account books, check-books,1 and
bank-booiks fop the time between December 1,
1866, and February 1, 1867, be summoned to
appear with them. .
On motion, the committee adjourned sub-
ject to the call of the chairman.
'! ' Washington-, D: C.,
, '■' Tuesday, Way 21,1872.
The comipittee met, upon the cadi of the
cliairmaq, at nine a. m.
Present, the chairman, (Mr. Morton,)
Messrs. Logan, Hill, Tiiurman, and An-
thony.
Oti motion of the chairman,
Mr. Logan, Mr. Carpenter, and Mr. Thur-
Man ^ere appointed a sab-committee to take
the testimony of witnesses in this investiga-
tion.
Mr. Caldwell appeared, and stated that he
was desirous of an early investigation and dis-
position of hjs case.
Mr. Pomeroy appeared.
The following witnesses were examined:
Edward Russell, D. R. Anthony, and George
T. Anthony.
The committee adjourned to meet upon the
call of the chairman.
Washington, P. C.,
Thursday, May 23, 1872.
The committee met upoa the call of the
chairman.
Present, the chairman, (Mr. Morton,)
Messrs. Logan, Hill, Tihjrmak, and An-
thony. Absent, Mr. Carpenter.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That the examination of the wit-
nesses in regard to the election of Senator
Alexander Cai.dwkli. in 1871 be deferred until
the sub-committee can visit Kansas for that
purpose.
Messrs. Morton, Hill, and Thurman re-
tired.
The following witnesses were examined by
the sub-committee in regard the Kansas sen-
atorial election of 1867, Mr. Pomeroy being
present, namely, Joshua Wheeler, William
Sprfggs, Albert H. Horton, John D. Wells,
and James B. Abbott.
The committee adjourned to meet upon the
call of the chairman.
Washington, D. C.,
Saturday, May 25, 1872.
The sub committee met upon the call of the
chairman (Mr. Logan) to hear testimony.
Present, the chairman of the sub-commit-
tee, (Mr. Logan,) and Mr. Anthony. Mr.
Poiieroy was also present.
