4244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
to the public shops. I think there is no doubt
this small appropriation ought to be made. It
is true, it costa something to build this bridge,
bat it would cost forty times as much to put a
fortification around similar public works else-
where, and we ought not to lose sight of the
fact that this is intended to be one of the great
arsenals and armories of the country. 1 under-
stand that one of the principal arsenals and
armories is at Springfield, intended_ to supply
the eastern part of the country ; this one is to
supply the northwest and center, and one in
California somewhere to supply the Pacific
coast. I think it would be money well ex-
pended to construct this convenience for the
public workmen.
Mr, MOKlil-LiL, of Vermont. When this
was first started it was stated immediately
after the appropriation that it would involve
in the end ten millions of money, and I judge
it is going to verily that statement by the way
we appropriate money. I have no doubt that
a reasonable and useful bridge can be put up
at this point with a much less sum than this if
it is really necessary, and I hope the Senate
will not vote to retain this clause. The Sen-
ator from Illinois is one of our best economists
usually, and when we come to something that
touches his own State I do not want him to
flinch. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no information
that this bridge is not necessary. Wo must
rely upon the officers who tnalte the estimates,
and it is an accommodation for the work-
men. There is no way in the world of getting
on to Rock Island within a mile and a half of
where the Government shops are unless you
have this bridge at the upper end of the island.
Mr. HOWB. What is the length of the
bridge Y
Mr. TIUJMBULL. I do not know tho
length of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The old one
is a very small one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A colleague of mine
from the House states that it is four or five
hundred feel.
Mr. HARLAN. I was about to observe
that if' the honorable Senator from Vermont
has examined the subject, and is prepared to
show to the Senate that a smaller amount
would secure the construction of this bridge,
no one would vote for a diminution of the
sum more checi fully than I would. It is on
the supposition that the chief of the engineer
department is right in his estimates 
Mr. COLti. The chief of the ordnance
department, not, of the engineer department.
Mr. HARLAN. I am much obliged to tho
honorable Senator for the correction. It is
on the supposition thut, he is right, that he has
examined the subject., carefully and has made
a correct report, that 1 support it. If there is
uiiy error in tliin report, and the honorable
Senator is prepared to state that a smaller
sum will build this bridge, 1 shall be per-
fectly willing to vote for a smaller sum.
Mr. CONKLINO. If the Senator will allow
me to ask him a question, 1 should like to
understand one matter that 1 do not. I heard
it said that this was not a public bridge, but
intended only for the public service, meaning,
I suppose, for the service of the United States;
that is, for the use of the employfoof the Uni-
ted States. If that be so, I inquire of the
Senator why a superstructure to cost §100,01)0
upon such piers is necessary. Of course, if it
is to be abridge for the use of this town, for
general traffic and transportation, I could un-
derstand that; but upon the theory that it is
to be a bridge only for the use of those engaged
in the public service, I do not understand it.
Very likely there is some mistake about the
facts. If the Senator can give the informa-
tion, I should be glad to bear it.
Mr. HARLAN. The inquiry isaproperone,
and of course the information is not very hard
to give by those who have been on the ground,
as I have, personally. I have driven all over
the ground. There are no interests whatever,
I believe, on the island except the Govern-
ment interests—none that I ever saw, and
within the last year or two I have driven all
over it in a carriage. The town of Moltne
could have no interest whatever in it so far as
I can remember. I have driven down in a
carriage from Moline to Rock Island on the
east side of the channel on a very good road, a
most excellent road. I can see no reason they
could have for crossing this eastern channel of
the Mississippi river twice in order to proceed
from Moline to Rock Island, increasing the dis-
tance some mile or two. There are no private
establishments on the island that I know of
that would occasion any such travel.
But at the upper end of this channel, as I
before observed, there is a very great water
power created for the use of the Government,
and an immense amount of machinery is being
put in for the purpose of performing Govern-
ment-work. There is a large amount of haul-
ing to bo done from tbe east side of ihis chan-
nel, of lumber, coal, and materials-, and hence
they need a wagon-road in order to pass from
tho workshops on the island to tbe main-land.
They can, I suppose, make tbe landing with-
out this bridge by driving down the island
some thrc e and a half miles to the lower end
of the island, crossing on a bridge that exists
there and driving up again, which would
occupy, as I suppose, several hours in time and
travel, amounting to five, six, or seven miles,
it is for the convenience of the Government
surely, and nobody else, that the bridge is
asked for. I suppose it will require about the
amount named here to build it; but if any
Senator is prepared to say that a less sum is
sullieienl, I shall vote to reduce it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask unanimous consent
to offer an amendment to the pending bill,
which I desire to have referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and printed.
The PKKSIDLNG 01'TICER, (Mr. Ram-
sky in the chair.) If there be no objection,
that order will be made. The question is on
the amendment of the committee striking out
lines ten hiuidied and sixty-seven and ten hun-
dred and sixty-eight.
Tbe question being put, a division wa3 called
for, and the ayes were six——
Mr. OOLli. Let the amendment be passed
over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no ; give it up.
Mr. OOLB. I will let. it go for tho present.
The PRESIDING OhTlCEIl, (Mr. Pomk-
uoy in the chair.) The amendment is dis-
agreed to. The reading of tbe bill will con-
tinue.
The Chief Clerk resumed tho reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert afier line ten
hundred and sixty-eight the following:
liVr tho construction of tho Kock Island bridge,
tho balance of the npprnprinliou, continued by
tho act of March 3. 1871, which may bo unexpended
at the close of the present tiscal year, is hereby
reappropriated.
Mr. OONKLINO. What is that bridge?
Mr. COLIi. The Rock Island bridge.
Mr. OONKL1NG. Tbe same bridge?
Mr. OOLii. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is for tho com-
pletion of the Rock Island bridge. It is the
main bridge. The bridge is nearly finished,
but 1 understand the water is high and they
have been unable to point up some of the
piers. 'There is a small amonnt of appropri-
ation remaining that is necessary to finish
entirely the piers after the water goes down.
It is a small amount. I believe there are but
a few thousand dollars remaining.
Mr. WEST. According to a letter I have
from the Secretary of the Treasury, there is a
balance of $43,000 now in the Treasury due to
this fund.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is more than
I supposed it was.
Mr. WEST. It is available until the 80th
of June ; it will then lapse into the Treasury ;
but the money cannot he ased nor tbe work
done until August or September, and the ob-
ject of this amendment is to continue it over
until the next fiscal year because it cannot be
used in the next thiriv (lavs.
The PRESIDING" OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee
inserting this clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 48, after
the word " dollars," in line eleven hundred and
sixty-four, to strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That no money nppropriated by this
act shall bo paid as commissions upon any labor or
materials turnished the United States, and nil
materials for buildings or repairs of buildings shall,
alter advertisement, he purchased in the city "where
the same shall be needed, whenever practicable.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 48, in
lines eleven hundred and seventy-three and
eleven hundred and seventy-four,after the word
" act," to strike out the words " to fhp close
of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874;" so
that the clause will read :
For continuing the. surveys of the northern and
northwestern hikes, S175.00U. And this appropria-
tion shall be avaitabio from the time oi' tho passage
of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment was on page 50, line
twelve hundred and eighteen, to increase the
appropriation "for improving Franklin square,
introducing water, gas, lodge, and uiinals"
from $4,000 to $6,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 50, line
twelve hundred and twenty-four, after the
word "grounds" to strike out the word "of"
and insert "in in line twelve hundred and
twenty-five, before the word "control" to in-
sert the word "same," and afier the word
"control" to strike out "of the officer de-
tailed by the chief engineer of tbe Army to
take charge of the" and insert" as theother;"
so ibat the clause will read:
For improvement of monument grounds, grad-
inn? road, walk, draining, purchase and hauling
gravel for walk* and roads, trees and slirubs, as per
plau, &15.001); nndsaid grounds shall be considered
a*i a portion ot the public grounds in the city of
Washington, and shall be under the same control
as the other public building's and grounds in the
citv oi Washington, in couiorimty with the act of
March 2, 1807.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 51, afier
line twelve hundred and thirty-two, to insert
the following:
For tho improvement of Judiciary sqirare, by in-
troducing water, drainage, purchase of trees, and
opening and grading walks, $12,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 51, after
line twelve hundred arid forty-one, to insert
the following clause:
And all r-iilroads are hereby prohibited on the I
street and K street fronts of Farragut. Scott, and
Franklin squares; and no further street-railroads
shall bo laid down in the city of Washington with-
out the consent of Congress*.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to add a proviso
to that amendment, at the request of the Dele-
gate from the District and others.
Mr. BLAIR. This amendment of the com-
mittee is simply legislation not germane to the
bill, and 1 raise the point of order upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This amend-
ment is clearly in order. It relates to squares
and avenues, and of course anything m rela-
tion to that subject is germane.
Mr. STEWART. It will be very hard to
carry it out exactly and prevent all railroads
being constructed. This would be a very harsh
provision without the proviso which I wish to
offer, suggested by the Delegate and others
interested in tfie subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By the rule
adopted on the ^9ih of April, it is provided:
"And no amendment to any such bill making legis-
