3348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. KERR. I will withdraw my amend-
ment that the gentleman from Illinois may
renew it.
Objection was made to the withdrawal of the
amendment.
Mr. BURCHARD. Would it be in order
to debate the substitute offered by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] for
the substitute of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck?] I rise to oppose the substitute
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not pending.
The question being taken on Mr. Kerr's
ameudment, it was disagreed to—ayes 41,
noes 85.
Mr. KERR. I desire to move another
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Burchard] has the floor, having
been recognized to offer an amendment.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to amend by
inserting " eighty-seven percent." instead of
"ninety per cent.," and " thirteen percent. "
instead of "ten per cent."
It is unnecessary to discuss the abstract
questions of free trade and protection. Prac-
tical men will agree, no matter what their
theories are upon those questions, that reduc-
tions in rates of duties should not be made at
this time so heavily as to disturb the vested
capital or disarrange or paralyze the indus-
tries of the country, and in proposing reduc-
tions in the bill of the committee we have had
those considerations in view. The reductions
proposed by the original bill of the Committee
of Ways and Means on the article of cot-
tons would take less from the Treasury than
the proposition in this bill. This takes away
over a million dollars; that would take away
only about seven hundred thousand dollars.
But there is this difference in the application :
that on the rates whore the present law fixes
the duty on goods at thirty-live per cent, ml
valorem (lie commitree make no change ; but
as regards those specilic rates which when
enacted were lower than thirty-live per eunt.,
but by the change of values, by the reduction
in the puce of cotton, and by the reduction in
the price of cloth, instead of being twenty or
twenty-live per cent., as then, have now be-
come higher than thirty-five per cent, on the
high-priced goods, ranging from thirty-seven
to seventy-six per cent, on the cheaper and
least expensive goods to manufacture. As
regards those the bill of the committee pro-
poses to reduce them in the interest of con-
sumers and without injury to the manufac-
turers themselves, and even in the interest of
some classes of manufacturers.
I have a letter here from a manufacturing
company m Rhode Island, engaged or formerly
engaged in printing cotton goods. The presi-
dent of thai company states that their industry
is prostrated because unbleached plain cotton
goods bear an enormous rate ot duty, while
the high-juiced printed goods which are made
by them, using the unbleached cotton goods as
their raw material, are admitted at thirty-
five jier cent, ad valorem. The jiresent tariff
on cotton goods actually discriminates against
their induMiy by charging a less duty upon the
more finished and costly jjroduet than upon
the same goods in an incomplete stage.
If gentlemen will examine this bill, they
will find that in regard to cottons, irons,
woolens, and other classes of articles dealt
with, our reductions are moderate, are intelli-
gent and rational, and would not harm a single
industry. If you adopt the proposition of
the committee's bill as it was originally re-
ported, and as presented in the motion of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] you
will make a reduction that is in the interest
of the industries of this country, many of
which are burdened by the existing tariff.
Many large manufactories use iron in its vari-
ous forms on which the duty now is over
sixty per cent. I call attention to the state-
ment published in the Globe of last Thursday,
which shows that the duty on bar iron is sixty-
four per cent, on the cost in foreign markets.
If you reduce it ten per cent, you will leave
fifty-eight per cent., which is enormously high.
And while it is proposed to reduce the duty on
pig iron to six dollars a ton, which is but two
thirds of what the duty was when this tariff
was enacted, why should you leave the duty
on bar iron at one and a half cents per pound ?
Why should not that be reduced, in the same
proportion, to one cent per pound? If that
could be done then those who are engaged in
the manufacture of agricultural implements
and other manufactures into which iron enters
to a greater or less extent, would be able to
manufacture tools, implements, and machinery
for exportation, as well as to furnish them
more cheaply for home consumption.
There are not half "a million people en-
gaged in the production of all the articles
which are protected by tariff legislation ; and
yet in order to give them the benefits resulting
from excessive and prohibitory duties, millions
of those engaged in the manufacturing and
other industrial pursuits are made to feel the
burdens thereby imposed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I now move that the committee rise in
order to obtain from the House an order to
close debate on this paragraph.
Mr. BURCHARD. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. AMBLER. 1 object to the withdrawal
of the amendment.
Mr. KERR. I desire to move an amend-
ment to this paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion to amend
does not take precedence of a motion lor the
committee to rise.
The question was then taken on the motion
that the committee rise ; and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Soo-
l'MKLi) reported that the Committee of the
\\ hole on the state of the Union had h.id
under consideration the Union generally, and
jiai ticuiarly the bill (II. R. No. -o22) to r.-
duce dutieson imjioris, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purjioses, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that when the
House shall again resume the consideration
in Committee of the Whole of the bill to re-
duce duties on imports, &e., all debate upon
the pending paragrajili and amendments
thereto shall lie closed in ten minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. Does that include iron?
Mr. DAWES. It does.
Mr. AMBLER. Does that include the
whole of the second section?
The SPEAKER. 1  does; for the House
to-day ordered that the entire second section
of the bill should be considered in Committee
of the Whole as one jiaragrajih.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to limit deliate; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 85, noes -11.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BINGHAM called for tellers.
Mr. BEAT rV called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The call for the yeas and
nays takes jnecedence of the call for tellers.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not think the House
understood that the motion to limit debate to
the pending paragraph apjdied to the whole of
the pending section.
The SPEAKER. The paragraph is the sec-
tion.
The question was then taken on ordering
the yeas and nays ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 9, noes 85.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the special
order.
The SPEAKER. The motion to limit de-
bate on the pending paragraph in Committee
of the Whole has been agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
the House now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is it not in order to ascer-
tain whether the House will order tellers on
the motion to limit debate?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The House
refused to order the yeas and nays on that
motion, and since then the motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and
the motion of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] have intervened.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for the
yeas and nays on my motion to adjourn.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays; and there were, upon a division—
ayes 26, noes 86.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 43, nays 115, not voting 82; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Beatty, Beck, Bingham,
Bird, James Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll,
Ooghlan, Commgo, Cox, Crebs, Crosslaud, Dorrall,
Box, Du Bosc, Eldrcdge, Getz, Handley, Hereford,
Herndon. Kins, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, McCor-
miek, McNeely, Niblack, Price, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Shober, Thomas J. Speer, Ste-
vens, Storm, Terry, Waddell, Wells, WhiLthorne,
Winchester, and Young—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker. Ambler, Ames, Arthur,
Banks, Barber, Bany, Bell, Bcveridge, Bigby,
Braxton, Buckley, BulBnton, Burchard, Burdett,
Cobb, Conger, Critcher, Crocker, Dawes, l)ickey,
Donnan, Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Barnes, Elliott, Far-
well, Fmkelnburg, Charles Foster, llcnry D. Foster,
Wilder D. Poster, Frye, Goodrich, Griffith, Hale,
Harper, George E. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay,
Gerry W. lLizelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar,
kollogg, Kerr, Ketcliam, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe,
Lynch, McClelland, McCrary, McGrew, Mclntyre,
McJunkm, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Leonard
Myers, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Hosea W.
Parker. Isaac C. Parker, Peek, Pendleton, Perce,
Aaron 1'. Perry. Eli Perry, Peters. Rainey, Ran-
dall, Ritchie, Ellis II. Roberts, William R. Rob-
erts, Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Scoiield, Seeley, Ses-
sions, Shanks. Sherwood, Slater, 11. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, it. Milton
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stough-
ton,Strong, Syplier, Xalfe, Turner, Twichell,Tyner,
Upson,Wakoman.Walden.Waldron, Wallace, Walls,
Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Williams of
Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John X. Wil-
son—1)5. _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Averilf, Barnurn,
Biggs, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boles, Bright,
George M.Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
It. Butler, William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Coburn, Conner, Cotton, Creely, Davis, De Large,
Ely, Farnsworth, Forker, Garfield, Garrett, Golla-
ilay, llaldoman, ilafscy, Hambleton, Hancock,
llank--, llarmer, John T. Harris, Ilavs, Hibb.ird,
Holman, Hooper, JIougliLon, Kelley, Kendall, Kil-
hnger, Kmselia, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Hcnry, McKee. JlcKinnoy, Mercur, Merrick, Len-
jamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morey, Morgan,
Moiphis, Negley, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Potter,
Prindle, Robmson, Roosevelt, Sargent, Sheldon,
Shellabcirger, Shoemaker, Slocuin, Sloss, Worth-
mgton C. Smith, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland,
Sw.inn, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washington
Townsend/Tutliill.Van Trump,Vaughan, Voorhees,
Williams ol New York, and Wood—82.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. McNEELY. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at
twelve o'clock m. on next Monday.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order.
Mr. McNEELY. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Tuesday at seven o'clock p. m.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order.
Mr. McNEELY. I move that at the close
of this afternoon's session the House take a
recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
The SPEAKER. Thatrequiresunanimous
consent.
Mr. DICKEY. I object. [Laughter.]
The S PEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] rises to submit a
motion which is in order, that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole.
On agreeing to the motion of Mr. Dawes,
there were—ayes 92, noes 31.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
