ยฃ6Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
tion, which is now brought to bear against
further like legislation, lr, is argued that these
grants are pernicious in that land monopolies
were thereby created; large and valuable bodies
of lands were withdrawn from settlement, and
placed beyond the reach orability of the actual
se'ttler to acquire title thereto upon reasonable
terms; that the best interests of the country
have not been subserved by this legislation,
but that it has served to the aggrandizement of
soulless corporations. I am not disposed in
auy sense to apologize for or to defend any
of the errors of past legislation, be they real
o'r' imaginary, but would rather seek to avoid
them m the future.
Tlie policy of the General Government in
the disposal of the public hijids would seein to
be, from her general land laws, to hold them
subject to occupation and settlement by.tlie
people, affording them every facility to acquire
title thereto on the most liberal terms. That
such is the duty of the Government, I believe
all parties agree ; at least the Government has
long since ceased to look to the sale of the
public lands as a source of any considerable
public revenue. The great opposition to land
grants is principally, if not altogether, based
upon the ground that with few exceptions, and
these of a recent date, the grants have been
absolute, vesting the title in the grantee upon
compliance with the terms of the grant, carry-
ing with it the absolute right of disposal; which
lands sograuted, in almost every instance, have
been held at exorbitant prices, far beyond the
reach of the man of limited, or even modctate
means. Such being the grounds upon which
the principal objection urged against land
grants as heretofore made rests, it is fair to
assume that if these grounds be lotnoved from
or do not exist in the measure under con-
sideration, then the objections themselves do
not apply.
An effort has been made in this measure to
avoid these grounds of objection, and to save
to the settlei ihe right of entry, occupancy, and
puicha.se of t.ho public lands, which will be
opened and made available by the construc-
tion of this road, for settlement. The lands
granted, or lather aet apart, to aid in the con-
struction of the proposed road, are to be sub-
ject to the right of the actual settler to purchase
I row the Government, and not of the com-
pany, by paying $'2 50 per acre. No general
complaint has over been made that the re-
maining lands of the United States within the
exterior linea of laud grants were increased
in price from $125 to $2 50 per acre; but
the complaint has been that the granted lands
could not be bought for a like price. Under
this bill, however, the settler may purchase
any of the lands within the lines of the grant,
granted or ungrauted, at his option, and in
either cage of the Government, and at $2 50
per acre.' Monopoly of these lands is impos-
sible the company is to have no control
whatever over them, either in their, occupa-
tion,^ settlement, or disposal, The settler has
nothing to do with the company; does not
know, and is not required to kuow, the com-
pany in anjr step to be by him taken to pro-
cure his title. He looks to the Government
and deals with the Government in purchasing
his lands. '*
It may be objected that the price of these
lands are doubled by the bill. Let me ask
such as are disposed to urge and act upon this
objection to consider for a moment the situa-
tion of the great body of country through which
this road is to pass; I mean the present situ-
ation. From the nearest point of the Pacific
railroad, by present traveled routes, to the
Columbia river is six hundred miles. BoisS
City is about midway upon this line. Now,
sir, everything that is produced east of the Blue
mountains, or ninety miles from the Columbia
river and west of the east end of Snake river
valley, embracing more than forty thousand
square miles of territory, must be produced in ,
a shape to walk to market, except so far as a
limited market may be found in the mines near
by, although the miners cannot begin to con-
sume what is now produced. Everything which
is brought into this section, in the shape of
supplies, must he brought in wagons or upon
pack animals, from ninety to three hundred
miles, at a. cost of from forty to one hundred
and twenty-five dollars per ton.for freight.
The past fall, when wheat was selling in
Portland, Oregon, at $1 40 per bushel for
shipment to Liverpool, in,the valley of the
Grand Ronde, the finest wheat country in
America, it was worth only forty, cents per
bushel. Sir, I submit the question directly,
if land at $2 50 per acre within twenty miles
of a great through line of railroad, as this will
be, or within twenty miles of a navigable
stream connecting with important commercial
points, is not cheaper, vastly cheaper, to the
settler than the same quality of land from
ninety to three hundred miles away at $1 25
per acre, or even as a gilt? What, sir, is
agricultural land worth without a market for
its products? The great body of this cousi'
try is without settlements, and must so remain
unless it has increased facilities for settlement
by the construction of this road.
There is another feature of this section im-
portant to be noticed. It forms a part of that
great interior region of our country which
stretches from the Missouri river on the east
to the Sierra Nevada and Cascade mountains
on the west, and from Fort Benton on the
north to tho southern line of Arizona, em-
bracing more than one third of our entire ter-
ritory. In this region navigable water-courses
are almost uuknown, and by far the greater
part of this area is too dry and arid for agri-
cultural purposes without irrigation, and
cannot be occupied by settlements to any con-
siderable extent without the construction of
railroads and canals, the former as the only
means of ingress aud egress, and the latter to
reclaim the lauds to agricultural purposes.
Through this vast extent of unoccupied and
undeveloped country there is now but one line
of railway, and about tho only additions to the
nation's wealth derived from this section is its
annual" product of the precious metals from
its mines, and these languish or he undevel-
oped for want of better facilities of communi-
cation.
The country along this route from Ogden
to Boisd City, a distance ol nearly four hun-
dred miles, is extremely arid and dry : the soil is
strongly impregnated with alkaline substances,
and unfit for agricultural purposes, until
leached and,reclaimed by irrigation, the facili-
ties for which are limited, except at great cost
and labor, and upon an extended scale. The
vegetation of this section is principally sage-
brush, interspersed with bunch-grass, and the
whole country is quite destitute of timber
for purposes of improvement or even fuel.
What is true of this particular section is
equally true of by far the greater part of the
whole region referred to. Tht? situation of
the whole section, when broadly stated, is
that private enterprise is inadequate to the
task of opening and reclaiming it to settle-
ment. _ The whole question, then, is resolved
into this. All hope or expectation of its fur-
ther settlement ord(?velopment must be aband
oned or indefinitely postpoued, or the Govern-
ment must adopt a liberal policy by granting
material aid in lands toward the construction
of railroads, which alone can open, it to settle-
ment.
Under the provisions of this bill the grant
of aid toward the construction of the proposed
road is in the interest of the settler. The set-
tlement of the country is the very basis of the
proposition. The building of the road opens
a new section to which the settler is invited
upon the most favorable terms. If the lauds
are good he reaps the advantage, being secured
in his right of selection and purchase upon
reasonable terms. Valueless in their present
condition, it cannot be complained that ยง2 50
per acre will be an unreasonable price for
these lands after they shall have been reclaimed
and opened t.o settlement.
Sir, it is difficult to conceive how an honest
and earnest advocacy of the interest of the
landless can be reconciled with opposition to
this measure. Here is a section of country,
large in extent, from which the great body of
that class denominated landless are debarred
from settling by'impediments in the natural
condition of the country which in their nature
if not insurmountable to the pioneer, are, to
say the least, more than usually difficult to be
overcome. .Every pound of supplies which
would be needed for himself or family, every
board, nail, or stick of timber he must use in
the construction of his first rude cabin, must
be transported from one hundred to three
hundred miles, and before he can grow any-
thing for the sustenance of man or beast, in
many portions, the soil must be reclaimed by
artificial means to a condition of moisture
compatible with the growth of cereals and
vegetables. Is it in the interest of this class
of our citizens to refuse legislation which
promises to open such lands to them and ren-
der their settlement possible?
It may be urged that inasmuch as the road
when built is to be private property, and the
profits arising from its operation are to go
into private hands, that therefore no aid should
bo given by Congress toward its construction.
While the statement of fact is entirely true, it
does not follow that the argument is legitimate
or conclusive. It will not be denied that laii-
roads are most important agents in commer-
cial intercommunication, not second in their
importance and results to ocean and river
navigation. The many lines of railway which
checker our whole oountry are none the less
highways of commerce because they are pri-
vate property. The ships upon the ocean, the
steamboats upon our rivers, and the cars upon
our railways are all carriers of commerce.
You improve harbors and build sea-walls to
render more secure ptivate property in private
ships upon the sea and lessen the risk to ocean
coiumeice., You improve rivers, widen aud
deepen their channels, to facilitate the flow of
inland commerce, and to lighten the burdens
of its carriage in private boats upon inland
water-courses.
All this is done by appropriations directly
from the Treasury; from money raised by
general assessment, in one form or,another,
upon the people, who have no other interest
in ships, foreign or domestic, or the boats
which ply upon our rivers, or in the commerce
they carry, than that, which flows to them from
the enrichment of the nation by the general
prosperity, thrift, and accretions of its private
citizens. _ No one questions -the soundness of
the principle? upon, which such appropriations
rest. Then, sir,, the question arises, whether
it is more important to the nation to provide
or improve harbors to facilitate an exchange
of our products with foreign jcountries,than it
is to provide or improve interior channels of
transportation to facilitate the transit to our
sea-board of tiiose products which are first
requisite to such au exchange?, Is it more
important to have harbors where ships may
come tu load your corn, wheat, cotton, and to-
bacco, than it is to have the facilities to place
these and other products in your harbors, that
ships may be loaded therewith for foreign
ports?
The benefits of commerce upon seas and
rivers are derived through private enterprise to
the enrichment of the nation, which is but an
aggregate of individualsand communities, and
its wealth the sum of private fortunes. If it
be legitimate to take from the common fund
for the improvement of rivers and harbors, in
order that the exchange of our products with
foreign countries may be facilitated, fostered,
and encouraged, then, sir, by these same rules
of reasoning and principles of statesmanship,
it may be determined thatit is equally legitimate
