1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2453
that is valuable in a hive, and that all practi-
cable movable frames used in other hives are
infringements on his.
By Air. HAZELiTON, of New Jersey : A
remonstrance of eitizeus of the United States
against, an amendment to the Constitution
making a foreign-born citizen eligible to the
office of President of the Republic.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petitions of Major
John T. Simpson, Captain James Roberts,
Hon. John T. Allison, John E. Taulman, aud
95 others, citizens of Madison, Indiana, for
the passage of House bill No. 1738, and for
the equalization of the bounties to the Union
soldiers of tho late war, and for bounty lands
for such soldiers without requiring settlement
thereon.
By Mr. HOUGHTON: A memorial of the
the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco,
praying the aid of the Government to secure
increased steamship facilities between San
Francisco and Japan, China and Australian
ports.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of citizens of
Scarborough, Maine, asking authority to build
a bridge without a draw over the Dunstan
river.
Also, the petition of citizens of Portland,
Maine, for the improvement of the harbor at
Newcastle, Delaware.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Jacob
Gray, of Tennessee, praying Congress to reim-
burse him for losses incurred during the war
ot the rebellion.
Also, the memorial of James H. Hughes,
of Tennessee, praying Congress for relief from
political disabilities.
By Mr. McJUNKIN : The petition of J. A.
McCulloch, J. R. Magill,Thomas A. Hathaway,
and 25 others, citizens of Freeport, Pennsyl-
vania, praying the passage of an act directing
the payment of balance of §300 Government
bounty to the members of light battery Missis-
sippi marine brigade, soldiers of the Union
Army in the war of the rebellion and citizens
of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. MOORE : A petition of sundry citi-
zens of Danville, Illinois, asking that Govern-
ment afford relief to the sufferers from famine
in the kingdom of Persia.
By Mr. PACKER: Thepetition of Governor
J. W. Geary, General J. F. Hartrault, and 94
others, citizens of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania,
asking the passage of bill No. 1738, allowing
totally and partially disabled soldiers and sea-
men increased pensions.
Also, the petition 1'29 citizens of Ilarrisburg,
Pennsylvania, asking the passage of the bill
allowing totally and pariially disabled soldiers
and seamen increased pensions.
Also, the petition of citizens of the United
States, asking Congress to adopt certain meas-
ures to restore American commerce.
Also, the petition of 36 citizens of Hum-
melstown, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the reduction of the duty on earthenware or
stoneware.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of cigar
manufacturers in the first congressional dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, asking relief from the
present unjust taxation on cigars.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS : The petition of
J. S. and M. Reckham, of Utica, New York,
for the abolition of the duty on pig iron.
By Mr. SHERWOOD: The petition of
George W. Kenyon aud 20 others, of Potter
couuty, Pennsylvania, asking the passage of
House bill No. 1738.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of the American Baptist Missionary Union,
asking that an appropriation be made from
the Chinese indemnity fund for a house de-
stroyed by the Chinese Government atNingpo,
on the lOih day of May, 1862.
By Mr. STORM: The petition of Thomas
H. liothrock, late private company A, eleventh
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, asking a
pension for injury received in the service of
the United States.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania:
The remonstrance of Hon. JohnM. Broomall,
Y. S. Walter, John B. Rhodes, W. B. Reaney,
John B Roach, Charles A. Weidner, B. Gart-
sides & Sons; J. F. M. Forwood, W. C. Tal-
ley, James Dougherty, John Donaldson, John
Balentme, W. Cooper Talley, and 290 others,
merchants, capitalists, and artisans, of Ches-
ter, Pennsylvania, and its vicinity, protesting
against the repeal of the registry laws, and the
proposition for buying and registering foreign-
built ships.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of James
Viall and 44 others, citizens of Middleburg
and Mogadon, Summit county, Ohio, against
the proposed reduction of duty on earthen-
ware or stoneware, and for certain specific
duties thereon.
Also, the petition of W. T. Robbins and
others, citizens of Cleveland, Ohio, against a
change of tariff laws, abating or abolishing
duties on articles successfully produced in this
country, and for repeal of duties on tea and
coffee.
By Mr. WHITTHORNE: The petition of
C. J. Herrin, of Lawrence county, and William
J. Thomas, of Hardin county, Tennessee, for
the removal of their political disabilities, &c.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York: The
petition of Hannah M. Sweet, for balance of
pension from the date of the death of her son
to the time of filing her declaration.
Also, the petition of 150 citizens of Buffalo,
New York, in favor of the passage of House
bill No. 1738, providing for an increase of
pensions to soldiers in the late war who were
permanently disabled by the loss of limbs or
eyes.
Also, the petition of William Hutchinson,
for an American register for the schooner
Enterprise, a Canadian-built vessel, sold under
a decree of the United States court, and
purchased by an American citizen.
Also, the petition of Mary McAllister, for a
pension.  
POST ROUTE BILLS INTRODUCED
The following were introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post, Office and Post, Roads:
By Mr. KIN G: A bill to establish a post
route from New Hope to Falmouth, in Lin-
coln couuty, Missouri.
By Mr. ORR: A bill to establish a mail
route from West Side to Storm Lake, Iowa.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 16, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. S. Wilson, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 255) confirming to the
Port Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad Com-
pany the lands heretofore granted to the State
of Michigan to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Grand Haven to Flint, and thence
to Port Huron, and providing for the manner
of issuing patents therefor, and for other pur-
poses, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. lOfiO) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1873, and for other
purposes, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives; and
On motion ot Mr. COLE, it was
Meiolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes ot the two
Houses thereon, •
Ordered, That, the conferees on the par1; oi the
Senate bo appointed by the Vice President.
The YICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Cole, Morrill of Vermont, and Stbvensojt,
the conferees on the part of the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented a petition of
citizens of South Carolina, praying for the
erection of a court-house and post office build-
ing in Greenville, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
He also presented the petition of J. J.
Wardlaw, of Abbeville county, South Caro-
lina, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CLAY TON presented the petition of
James S. Levesque, of Cross county, Arkansas,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented a
memorial of match manufacturers, remonstrat-
ing against the passage of Senate bill No. 209,
to define a gross of matches, and for other pur-
poses; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, presented a
resolution of the Legislature of West Virginia,
in favor of the construction of a causeway
across the west branch of the Ohio river at
Wheeling; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a petition of
citizens of Nebraska, late soldiers of the Uni-
ted States Army, praying for an equalization
of bounties, aud to be allowed to enter public
land unconditionally; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FltELINGI1UYSEN presented a peti-
tion of citizens of the United States, praying
that the patent of A. B. Wilson, for an im-
provement on sewing-machines, may not be
extended; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Cath-
erine Crowel!,widow of William Crowell, late
a private in company G, eighteenth Kentucky
volunteers, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CASSERLY. I observe by the Globe
that, the usual order was not made with regard
to the petition from San JjVancisco yesterday.
Doubtless it was an inadvertence. I ask that
it be printed in the Globe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is, not with
the signatures, but tho body of the petition?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ifthere be no
objection, the text of the petition presented
yesterday, spoken to by both Senators from
California, will b ; printed, without the names
of the signers, in the Globe.
The petition is as follows:
To the Congress of the United Statci in Senate and
lloune. of Representatives assembled, greeting:
The undersigned, citizens of San Francisco, being
impressed with the importance of protecting and
preserving the usefulness of the bay and harbor of
San Francisco for the purposeofcommcrceaiid nav-
igation, respectfully represent that—
Whereas several enterprise.* arc projected, such as
the conversion of Yerba Buen.i. island into a rail-
road depot, and the construct ion of abridge from
the Contra Costa shore to that island, which would
involve the placing of serious impediments in the
way of free navigation in the aforesaid bay and har-
bor, and the placing of obstructions in ship channel,
which will interfere with the tidal currcnt; and
whereas officers of the United States corps of engin-
eers have made it known that the military- occu-
pation of Yerba Buena island will be necossary in
order to insure the safety of the cities of San Fran-
cisco and of Oakland in time of' war with a maritime
nation; and officers of the United States Coast bur- ,
vey have further made it known that such obstruc-
tions in the tidal currents as would be caused by tho
occupation of this island for railroad purposes would
lead to the formation of shoals, and would event-
ually result in an important contraction of the tidal
area of the bay, and the consequent shoaling of the
bar at the mouth of the haibor to an extent that
mieht render r.hc iin rbnr macces^jbie to deopdrruebt
ships: and whi-r  is the navigable waters of the
