1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3351
Joseph W. Taylor, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. COLE. I have had put in my hands
what purports to be a copy of resolutions
passed by the Legislature of California, and
which I believe to be a correct copy, although
the resolutions themselves have not come to
me officially, for some cause or other, I know
not what. They are resolutions instructing
the representatives from that State to secure,
if possible, the passage of an act of Congress
appropriating under proper regulations a sum
of iiioney sufficient in amount to reimburse
the preemption settlers on the land known as
the Soscol ranehe, lying in the counties of
Napa and Solano, in the State of California,
for expenses incurred and damages sustained
by them in having their land surveyed for the
Government, proving up their claims in the
Land Office, and prosecuting the same before
several inferior courts and finally before the
Supreme Court of the United States, inresist-
ing the claims of M.,G. Vallejo to said land.
1 move the reference of this copy of the reso-
lutions to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Joseph
L. Britt, praying assistance from the Govern-
ment to prosecute a subject that has engaged
his attention for the past two years, believing
that perpetual motion can be attained on
water, and stating that the incalculable bene-
fits arising from his invention cannot be esti-
mated to mankind ; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a resolution of
the Grand Army of the Republic ol' Rhode
Island, setting forth that they recognize the
amendments to the homestead laws as offered
in Congress by Senator Pomeroy, and the
amendment for an increase of pensions and
equalization of bounties as offered by General
Stoughtox, as simple acts of justice to the
late soldiers and sailors of the United States
during the war of the rebellion, and respect-
fully requesting the Senators and Represent-
atives Irom that State to give their support
to and use their best endeavors for the pas-
sage of these amendments; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill relative to which
the Senator from Rhode Island has just pre-
sented a petition, provided that the Secretary
of the Interior should make all needful rules
and regulations for carrying into effect the
soldiers' homestead bill. I hold in my hand
a communication on that subject from the
Secretary of the Interior, addressed to me as
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
and I move that it be printed for the inform-
ation of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WEST presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Louisiana in favor of a refund
of the tax on sugar and cotton for 186-5, 1866,
and 1867 ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
_ Mr. GOLDTHWAITE presented a memo-
rial of the Board of Trade of Mobile, Ala-
bama, in relation to the American tonnage
interest; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Indiana, praying the passage of the
bill for the relief of William H. Akins and
Jacob D. Felthousen, inventors of a sewing-
machine ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents.
Mr. MORTON. I also present a memorial
from Marcus J. Parrott, S. J. Crawford, and
others, citizens of Kansas, asking an invest-
igation into the election of Alexander Cald-
well as Senator from Kansas. As this invest-
igation has aiready been ordered, I move that
the memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of
Murray A. White and others, and the Boat-
mans' Insurance and Trust Company, praying
the passage of anact referring their claims to
the Court of Claims; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
additional land district in kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 877) to create an
additional land district in the State of Kansas,
to report it back without amendment; and I
ask that it be put upon its passage at the pres-
ent time. It is a bill of but a few lines, merely
creating another land district in the State.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to constitute all
that portion of the Republican land district in
the State of Kansas, lying and being situated
west of the first guide meridian west of the
sixth principal meridian, a new land district,
to be called the northwestern land district;
and the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, is authorized to appoint
a register and a receiver for the district, who
are to discharge like and similar duties, and
receive the same amount of compensation
allowed to other officers discharging like duties
in the other land offices of the State.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
robert l. d bukciifield.
Mr. WILSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 207) for the relief
of Robert L. D. Burchfield, to report it back
without amendment; and I ask that it be put
on its passage now.
The being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of .the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Paymaster Gen-
eral to pay to Robert L. D. Burchfield, late
second lieutenant of company D, third North
Carolina mounted infantry, out of any money
appropriated for the pay of the Army, the full
pay and allowances of a second lieutenant of
infantry from the 1st day of January, 1865, to
the 8th day of August, 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
koi3ekt a. mayo.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask the Senate to take
up House bill No. 2048. It is a brief bill, re-
ported by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2048) in favor of
Robert A. Mayo, of Richmond, Virginia. It
directs the Secretary of the Navy to pay to
Robert A. Mayo, of Richmond, Virginia,
$1,507 59, to be in full of balances due him
on account of reservation bills for tobacco
furnished the United States Navy Department,
under contract existing during the years 1860
and 1861.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
thomas b wallace.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the bill (S. No. 569)
for the relief of Thomas B. Wallace, of Lex-
ington, Missouri. It is a private bill.
Mr. POMEROY. That bill has been up
once or twice before, and it is very important
that Mr. Wallace should be relieved. I hope
it will be acted upon.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
reported by the Committee on Claims was
agreed to when the bill was last considered.
It is open to further amendment or debate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
railroads in the territories.
Mr. STEWART. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No 1067) to provide
for the creation and regulation of railroad com-
panies in the Territories of the United States,
to report it without amendment. This is a
bill prepared by the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, being a general incorporation law
for railroads in the Territories. I will state
that there are now some fifteen or twenty bills
pending for special corporations and the right
of way, and this bill is to cover all those cases.
It has been carefully considered by the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and I should
like tn have it acted on at this time, because
there are a great many of these special bills
pending, and this will dispose of the whole of
them. I should like to have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported, subject to objection.
Mr. POMEROY. This subject has also been
before the Committee on Public Lands, and
that committee thought it was impossible to
make a general law to cover all these cases.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator hear the
bill read and see if it does not? 1 think it
covers them all.
Mr. POMEROY. There are a great many
of those bills pending, and this will not re-
lieve one of them.
Mr. STEWART. I think it will relieve
every one of them.
'1'heVICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection?
Mr. POMEROY. I shall not object.
Mr. WlilGHT. I am very well satisfied
that it will take the whole morning hour to have
that billread, andas I have alreadyhad consent
to take up a bill during the morning hour, I
shall be compelled to object.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ The Senator
from Iowa objects to the consideration of the
bill at this time, he having had unanimous con-
sent to take up a bill as soon as the morning
business is concluded.
Mr. SCOTT. If that bill cannot be consid-
ered, I wish to state that I have in my hand
a bill relating to one of the corporations
affected by it, which, under the supposition that
the company had a right to organize under the
territorial legislation, has built cne hundred
miles of railroad, and needs this legislation to
enable it to complete negotiation for money
in the market. If that general bill cannot be
taken up, I will ask consent of the Senate to
consider this bill this morning. It is a bill
granting the right of way through the public
lands to the Denver and Rio Grande Railway
Company.
Mr. WRIGHT. I shall not object to the
request of the Senator from Pennsylvania as
soon aa the bridge bill is read and passed._ It
can be passed as soon as it is read. It is in
•the usual form.
Mr. STEWART. There are several rail-
road companies in the same condition with the
one mentioned by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. I am satisfied the quickest way is to
pass a general law serving them all alike and
stop this squabble. Special acts are very dan-
gerous ; we had better pass a general bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the morning business
through?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. TROMBULL. Then I call for morn-
ing business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois demands the regular order of
morning business, which is now reports of
committees. Previous to that, however, the
Senator from Iowa had consent to take up a
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to all unani-
mous requests.
