1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1559
number of petitions presented compared with
the number presented now was very small
indeed. The great variety of important pub-
lic. questions on which we have been called to
legislate during and since the war have neces-
sarily invited here a vast number of memorials
that would not otherwise have come. The
result is that half an hour nearly of each
morning is now taken up in the presentation
of petitions, all of which was done in other
days in from five to ten minutes.
There will, therefore, be a very great saving
of time by the adoption of this rule ; and when
we look upon the condition of business in this
body, and the condition of business in the
House of Representatives, when we reflect
that this body has no limitation of debate;
when we see that but a single, unimportant
appropriation bill has passed this body at this
session, and the whole body of them are still
behind us, God only knowing when they will
pass, for no Senator can know, I think a little
economy, if it be but half an hour a day, in
the time of the Senate is of all things desirable.
But the suggestion made by the Senator
from Michigan is an important one. I would
by no means agree to a rule that should allow
or compel petitions to be presented ta this
body without, the fact appearing on the Journal
and in the daily public proceedings of the
Senate precisely as they now appear. That
done, 1 can certainly see no objection to the
rule, but it does seem to me that we still save
time, and in that way it ought to be done. If
it should be necessary to amend the rule so as
to compel the publication of these petitions in
the same manner that they are now published,
then 1 suggest to the Senator from Kansas
that he so amend this rule that it will leave
no doubt upon that point, and with that
amendment I hope the resolution will be
adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before I introduced this
amendment I had not only thought upon the
matter considerably myself, based upon my
own experience here, but I had consulted
other Senators. The habit of presenting pe-
titions and occupying time in explaining their
contents has grown up of late. Formerly five
minutes was amply sufficient to cover the time
spent in presenting petitions except in rare
caaes where by unanimous consent leave was
given to explain them more at length. But
no-v frequently we have three quarters of an
hour consumed in presenting petitions, many
of I hem of a mere formal character; so that
the habit has sprung up all over the country
of printing petitions and sending them broad
cast over the land to be brought back here for
presentation in the Senate, and not in the
House. It seems to me, therefore, if we have
any desire to economize time, this rule ac-
complishes the purpose. By presenting the
peti'ions, referring them in the proper way,
spreading them upon the Journal, and spread-
ing them on the Globe, everything is accom-
plished without loss of tim , and it will be
just as easy fur Senators as the present mode.
1 trust, therefore, that this resolution wiil pass,
and if a case should arise where a Senator
desires the consent of the Senate to explain
more fully the object of a petition, that con-
sent will always be given, 1 do not wish to
cousume the time of the Senate, because I
know the morning hour is nearly over, and I
hope the resolution will pass.
Mr. AN fHONY. I "suggest to the chair-
man of the committee to add after the word
"Legislature," following the words of the
present rule, "or of conventions lawfully
called of the respective States,'' such as con-
ventions to consider constitutional amend-
ments.
Mr. WRIGHT. From the expressions of
Senators, and especially of those who have
given attention to the subject, there seems to be
a general disposition iu favor of this amend-
ment. It is, therefore, with the very greatest
reluctance that I express an opinion averse to
it. I doubt very much the propriety of the
proposed amendment. In the first place, it
seems to me that these petitions, coming Irom
the people to this body, should be presented
to the body. I think it due to them; I think
it is due to us. So far as the saving of time is
concerned, I think that we can very much bet-
ter save time by cutting off debate than by
saving rime in this manner.
In the next place, I do not concur at all
in the proposition made here that a Senator
bringing in a petition and thus referring it
shall have the privilege of Bt ting what he may
thiuk proper and have it appear in the Globe
touching the petition. If he has anything to
say on the subject let him say it here, that all
may hear and all may have an opportunity of
being heard upon the subject.
Again, I do not think it comports with the
dignity of this body, the highest deliberative
body in this nation, or the world, that we
cannot take up time enough each morning to
hear the people upon their petitions if they
present them. It does not comport, I say,
with the dignity of the body, nor with what is
due to the people, that their petitions shall be
presented in this way and thus referred. I
say if we cannot take up time on this subject
we cannot upon any appropriately, and time
would be more appropriately taken upon this
subject than perhaps on any other.
In the next place, I am opposed to it for the
reason that I think it is due to the body, due
to its protection, and due to the people, that
we shall know what petitions are presented,
and not that it shall be left to the mere wili
and pleasure of a Senator to present a peti-
tion to the Secretary and have it referred, the
attention of the Senate not being called to it.
My own judgment is that if we amend this
rule we shall be led into greater difficulty and
greater confusion and more time will be taken
up than if we had adhered to the rule as it
now stands. I am opposed to any amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. We have not been able
on this side of the Chamber to hear much of
what has been going on either in regard to the
amendments or in the way of remarks upon
them. I ask the Clerk to read the amend-
ment that is now under discussion.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Revision of
the Rules.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the amendment reported by the com-
mittee will be regarded as agreed to, as it is
to perfect the phraseology of the resolution.
The question on agreeing to the amendment
of the rules is still before the Senate. Two
other amendments have been suggested, one
by the Senator from Kansas, to insert the
words "in writing'' before the word "re-
quest," the last word iu the resolution; and
the other by the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Anthony,] to insert " or of conventions
lawfully called by the respective States." If
there be no objection, these amendments will
be regarded as agreed to, and the Secretary
will now read the proposed amendment as
amended by the Committee on Rules and by
the Senate, and the question will be on agree-
ing to it as amended.
The Chief Clerk. Rule 24, if amended
as proposed, will read as follows :
21. After the Journal is read, the Presiding Officer
shall lay before the Senate messages from the Pres-
ident, reports irom the Executive Departments, and
bills and joint resolutions, or other messages from
the House of Representatives. He shall then call
for
Petitions and memorials;
Reports of committees;
The introduction of bills;
Joint resolutions;
Resolutions; .
all which shall be received and disposed of in such
order, unless unanimous eonsent shall bo otnerwise
given; and every petition or memorial, or other
paper, shall be referred of course, without putting
a question for that purpose, unless the reference is
objected to by a Senator at the time suoh petition,
memorial, or other paper is presented. And before
any petition or memorial addressed to the Senate
shall be received and read at the tanle, whether the
same shall be introduced by the Presiding Officer
or a Senator, a brief statement of the contents
of the petition or memorial shall verbally be made
by the introducer. Petitions and memorials, other
than tho memorials of a State Legislature or
of conventions lawfully called of the respective
States, shall be presented to the Secretary, and
shall be entered on the Journal and referred or laid
on the table, as the Senator presenting them may in
writing request.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the appropriation bill is
_ before the Senate, upon which the Senator from
'Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the leave of the
Senator from Illinois, I desire to state that the
tariff bill, as it is called, was made the special
order for to-day. I do not know that I desire
to consume the time of the Senate by inter-
posing it against the pending appropriation
bill, if there is any likelihood of getting it
through to-day ; but I can make such a state-
ment as I am sure will convince the Senate
of the absolute necessity for immediate action
on the tariff bill; but I do not desire to waste
time in a contest as to the order of business.
If the Senator from California thinks we can
get through to-day with the appropriation
bill, which has already consumed an unusual
amount of time, I am perfectly willing for
one to make no effort to call up the tariff bill
at this time.
Mr. COLE. Mr President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield for this colloquy, or
does he claim the floor?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
any momentary conversaiion. The Senator
from California has charge of the appropria-
tion bill. If he thinks proper to let it go by,
very well.
Mr. POMEROY. Can we not take a vote
on ihis question about the rules?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent; but the Senator from California [Mr.
Cassebly] had risen apparently to debate the
amendment to the rules, and is entitled to the
floor if its consideration is continued after the
expitation of the morning hoar.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that is a matter
of too much consequence to be disposed of in
the hurry and confusion of the morning hour.
Prom the consideration I hive been able to
give the subject. I am totally opposed to the
amendment as it now stands, and I should
much prefer to have the matter go over for
further consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has gone over
unless by unanimous consent the appropria-
tion bill should be informally passed over, and
the Chair understands the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Cole] to object to that.
Mr. PO-UEROY. As this amendment is
now agreed to, the last part of the rule, as it
now stands, beinginconsisieut with it, would be
stricken out. If this is adopted, then we strike
out the last part of the existing rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will come up
at some other time. Unlc.-s the Senator from
Kansas moves to postpone the appropriation
bill now to proceed with its consideration, the
appropriation bill is before the Senate. The
Senator from Ohio has made a statement, and
now the Senator from California [Mr. Cole]
desires to be heard.
Mr. COLE. I shall not consume the time
of the Senator from Illinois more than a
moment. I really expect that we shall be able
to get through with this appropriation bill
to-day, aud at an early hour of the day, I hope.
There are, besides the pending amendment,
only two or three, and they of very little im-
portance in my judgment, aud upou whica
probably there will be no debate. One relates
to the pay of the Capitol police, and I expect
