1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2455
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance was in section one, line
twenty-one, after the word "Treasury'' to
insert the word ''of.-'
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty
of the same section, to strike out the word
"the" where it occurs the second time and
insert "a."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
after the word " to," in line four, to strike out
" rent or sell at public auction the lands not
restored," and in lieu thereof to insert "sell
at public auction from time to time, and as
soon as possible consistent with the public
interests, the lands not restored, and if not
thus sold then to lease the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six,
line eight, after the word "shall" to insert
"for six months after the passage of this act
so as to make the proviso read:
That the applications of the purchasers under the
" Army and Navy" sales shall, tor six months after
the passage of this act, have precedence so far as
relates to the land purchased by them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line one, to strike out the word "all" and
insert "no," and in line four to strike out
the word "not; " so asto make-the section
read :
That no lots or tracts of land on which there is
a national cemetery, or which has been set apart by
the President of the United States and now needed
for military or naval purposes, shall be included in
the provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 propose in line fourteen,
page 2, to strike out the words "by them;"
so as to read :
At the time of sale of said lands by the United
States direct tax commissioners, and bid in for the
United States, &e.
The amendment was agreed to. •
Mr. BAYARD. In line thirty-six, on the
same page, I move to strike out the word
" circuit" and insert " districtso as to read :
The value of the said improvements shall be
determined upon by three treeholders, residents of
the county or parish, who shall be appointed by the
United States district judge, &o.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, reads as follows:
Be it enacted, &e., That all the lands now owned
by the United States, acquired under the provisions
of the act of Congress approved Jane 7, 1862, with
amendments thereto, relating to collections of Uni-
ted States direct taxes in the lato insurrectionary
States, shall be restored to persons who shall make
application to the Secretary of the Treasury, through
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, for restora-
tion of the same within one year from the passage
of this act, and shall turnish satisfactory evidence
to the Secretary of the Treasury that they were the
legal owner or owners thereof at the time of sale of
said lands by the United States direct tax commis-
sioners, and bid in for the United States, or to any
person or persons, legal heirs of said owners, at the
time of said sale, or to the assignees of cither, or to
persons who are in possession under and by virtue
of a tormal title conveyed to them by said owners,
heirs, or assignees' aforesaid, or their legal repre-
sentatives, upon terms and conditions hereinafter
provided, namely, upon payment into the United
States Treasury of the tax chargcd against the
lands by the act of Congress.approved June i, lbbJ.
together with co-'t of advertising and sale, and other
charges, with interest on said tax, costs, and other
charges at the rate of ton per cent, per annum on
the tax from the date of fixing the same, and on the
costs from the date of sale, and upon any other
charges legally made from the time they attach;
such interest to continue until the date of appli-
cation for restoration of the lands herein provided
lor, and upon payment to the party entitled to the
benefit thereof, of compensation for improvements
which have been made since the tax sale, and which
still exist on said lands. A compliance with each
of these provisions is requiied as a condition of res-
toration. The value of the said improvements shall
be determined upon by three freeholders, residents
of the county or parish, who shall be appointed by
the United States district judge of the distnetwhere
the lunds arc situated. Said board of freeholders
shall examine into and make a return under oath
to the Commissioner ot Internal Revenue .mdto the
clerk of court of record for said county or parish,
which shall set forth the value and nature of the
improvements, when they were made, by whom, and
to whom, in their opinion, the value of the improve-
ments belongs.
Sec. 2. That if two or more persons shall apply for
restoration of the same property, then the Secretary
of the Treasury shall, from the best evidence ob-
tainable, decide as to which one is entitled to the
benefits of this net.. The Secretary of the Treasury
shall also dccide in the same manner as to who is
entitled to the benefits of the improvements.
Seo. 3. That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, upon being satisfied that the conditions of
restoration have been complied with, shall make
out a certificate of release, in duplicate, which,
upon being approved by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the original shall be given to the party to whom
the land or lands are restored, and the duplicate
retained in the Internal Revenue Office for file. Said
certificate shall have the force and effect of releasing
all right and title of the United States to the lands
which have been acquired under said United States
direct-tax act.
Seo. 4. That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue is hereby authorized to make such rules and
regulations as he may deem necessary for carrying
out the provisions of this act; which regulations,
after being approved by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, shall have the same force and effect as the pro-
visions of this act.
Sec. 5. That if no application is made for restora-
tion of these lands as herein provided, then the
Commissioner oflnterual Revenue, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, is hereby
authorized to sell at public auction from time to time,
and as soon as possible consistent with the public
interests, the lands not restored, and if not thus
sold then to lease the same.
Sue. 6. That all lands now owned by the united
States acquired under the provisions of any of the
United States direet-tax acts, situated in the State
of South Carolina, includingalltracts orlotsofland
purchased under " Army and Navy " sales, not paid
for in full at the present time, shall be included in
the provisions of this act: Provided, however. That
the applications of the purchasers under " Army
and Uavy" sales shall for six months after the pas-
sage of this act have precedence so far as relates to
the land purchased by them.
Sec. 7. That all money derived under the provis-
ions of section eight of an act of Congress entitled
"An act to continuein force and to amend an act to
establish a bureau for the relief of freedmen and
refugees," attested July 10.1866, and which has been
turned over to the custody of the Freedmon's Bu-
reau, shall be appropriated tor the benefit of public
schools, equally, in the parishes of St. Helena and
St. Luke, South Carolina, under the direction of a
special board of three commissioners appointed by
and acting under the instructions of the Secretary
of the Treasury. Said board shall give such bonds
as may berequired by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 8. That, no lots or tracts of land on which
there is a national cemetery, or which has been set
apart by the President of the United States and
now needed for military or naval purposes, shall be
included in the provisions of this act.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On the second page,
line twenty-five, I move to strike out the word
" ten" and insert " six;" so as to read, " at the
rat? of six per cent, per annum." 1 will state
that these lands have been rented out since
they have been in the possession of the Gov-
ernment, and quite a sum has accrued from
their rent. I think it unfair in giving back
these lands to the former owners to charge
them ten per cent, interest. I think this an
unfair rate of interest. I think six per cent,
is largeenough interest to pay the Government,
and besides the Government has had the use of
these lands. I hope the Senate will agree with
my amendment to strike out " ten" and insert
"six" per cent, as the rate of interest.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, the rate
of interest was fixed at ten per cent., because
not less than ten per cent, is the rate of inter-
est in the southern States. I will again tell
the Senator from South Carolina that this bill
has been prepared with great care to harmon-
ize and reconcile the interests of all possess-
ors and owners of these lands ; and no change
ought to be made, especially a change so
obviously unjust as this would be. Six per
cent, interest would be no proper compensa-
tion, and no proper penalty for unpaid taxes.
Ten per cent, interest, is a very small rate on
unpaid taxes. In all the States, I believe, ten
per cent, is the lowest fixed by any State for
unpaid taxes, so far as my knowledge goes.
In many of them it is twenty-five per cent.
I trust the Senate will allow this bill to
stand. It has been carefully arranged. I
will state further that this bill, besides having
been framed at the Department, has been
carefully revised by different members of the
Committee on Finance, and it is now, I believe,
assented to by all. It is a matter fixing the
rights of property-holders in the southern
States that ought to be disposed of. I think
it ought not to be changed here without full
consideration.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to discuss
the bill at all, but to say in reference to this
point that I suppose the committee were
governed in putting in ten per cent, by the
original act levying the tax, which made the
interest ten per cent, heretofore on all unpaid
taxes. It was so by the act of July 7, 18G2,
and in every subsequent act that rate has been
adhered to. It will involve a complete modi-
fication of the whole system of direct taxes
if the ten per cent, be changed.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw my amend-
ment, as 1 do not wish to obstruct the passage
of the bill.
Mr. FRELIN GH D YSEN. I ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance if the pro-
visions of this bill carefully exclude the whole
of the Arlington property. 1 see it does ex-
clude such property as is actually used as ceme-
teries; but is all that property so used?
Mr. SHERMAN. It excludes all property,
any portion of which is occupied for a national
cemetery. The last section of the bill, the
eighth secliou, if the Senator will look at it,
he will see has been a little enlarged by the
committee in the last amendment adopted, so
as to make it clear that not only the part occu-
pied by a cemetery, but all tracts of land, a
part of which is occupied by a national ceme-
tery, are excluded. If there is any language
to make it stronger, I would not object.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. t merely asked
for information. I only heard the bill as read.
I understand that the duty is devolved on the
Secretary of the Treasury to ascertain all inter-
vening titles, such as judgments and titles ob-
tained by will in reference to this property dur-
ing this intermediate period. There ought to
be in the bill, if there is not, some authority
for him to appoint a commission to determine
those titles. It is a duty that the Secretary
can hardly perform himself.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a provision in
the bill that in case of dispute the matter goes
to a proper tribunal. The Secretary only
decides as an administrative officer in the first
instance. As a matter of course, either party
may appeal to the courts for any rights under
the law.
The bill was reported totheSenateas amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. POMEROY. For the sake of having
time to look into that bill I move a reconsid-
eration, so as not to lot it go out of the posses-
sion of the Senate until 1 can examine it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2055) for the relief of H. C. Chris-
topher, G. W. Beard. C. A. Uber, Edward
Stiles, and N. H. La.mdin, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 809) to
establish an assay office at Helena, in the Ter-
ritory of Montana, have directed me to report
it back without amendment, with the recom-
mendation that it pass- This bill was intro-
duced by the Senator from California, [Mr.
Cole,] and [ understand it ishisdesire that it
be put on its passage now.
Mr. S CEWART addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Min-iS and Mining do not appear to give
way. Perhaps the Senator from Iowa had bet-
ter reserve the bill until to-morrow,
