THE €QNGE1SSI0NAL GLOBE.
January 29,
gestion of the Senator from Oregop>s ® ^ery-
p.eitipent and proper, one. .The bill certainly
provides, as I understsnd it,,that it vests, With
t^e city ,©f San Francisco to have these build-
ings removed, and we ought, to hear from the
War Department whether that is agreeable, to
th e in or 110$. ' . ,
f Mr.,COLE, tt provid.es not for the removal
at 6riyparticular time, but when' the progress
6f improvements show that they are in thfi
way of tiife beautifying and adorning of, the
public park.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is' at no par-
ticular time, biit still it is at the pleasure of
the city.of San Francisco and not of the Gov-
ernment. Therefore I think the bill ought not
to be-;adopted without the Government's, atten-
tion being called to it. ■ ,
Air.. COLE. This matter has, bees consid-
jprpd by the Committee on Military Affairs,
and I believe,the bill has received the unan-
imous assent of that, committee,, find 1 hope
^Senators who have not looked a( it will give,
some credence or faith to the action of that
committee on the subject. It is a matter that
I ain sure would stiike the Senator as favor.-
ably as it does them or myself if he had exam-
ined-it.
Mr. FiiELINGHUYSEN. Does this bill
come from the Committee on Military Affairs?
M-r, COLE. Certainly; unanimously re-
ported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The bill was
amended 011 the recommendation of that com-
mittee, and the Senate then passed from the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. POMBHO\. The very, first thing to
do when we propose to touch a military res-
ervation, in my experience, is to get a report
from the Secretary of War on the subject. I
do.uot.know anything about this bill; I have
not the least objection to it if it is all right;
but without the concurrence of the War
Department it seems improper that we should
dispose of a military reservation. Now, sup-
pose the city of San Francisco should put up
buildings on this reservation and improve it;
it iias got to improve it in some way. The
Government can never get it back without
paying the city of San Francisco for those
improvements. If we allow them to improve
it, whenever it is taken up thu Government
will have to pay back whatever the city has
expended.
Mr, COLE. If the Senator will examine
the bill lie ^vill find that the authorities of the
United States can take possession of it at any
time they wish. in,A{tse there is any necessity.
Mr. I'OMEUOY. Who is to judge of that
necessity?
Mr. COLE. The Government itself; the
War Department.
Mr. POME HOY. If the War Department
recorampnd the bill, I will not say a word. I
do not know Anything about it.
Mr, COLE- I, do not know whether there
is any report from the War Department before
the committee; bjit the committee are satisfied
011 the subject, aud I suppose that ought to
satisfy tins Senate. I do not know that the
War Department or ai)y of the officer# of that
Department hav.e a judgment superior,to that
.oCCougress ou the subject.
* Mr, POMEROY. Congress bae not the
means of acting that Jthe Secretary of \\px
has, Wehav# not the facilities, We do not
know anything about it; I do not fop ojie.
There are several reservations in my State,
and whenever I haye tried to haye thp title (ex-
tinguished, it has always been with the con-
currence of the War Department. That is the
first step. 1 hese reseryations are pot m trust
to that Department, and if wejact, without their
recommendation we are Agoing it blind."
, Mr. -COLE.. Ihe Senator may have sought
to get title re}e&sed to military reservations i 
his State, but there is no such design ou the
part of the city of San Francisco w th^s ease.
It is not.to, get title ; the title .still remains in
the,General Government., This is only asking
for the city.,a,utfy 'ities permission to go.ahead
and plant trees upon it, and lay out walks apd
ipuprove it in order that there may be a place
of recreation or drives for the citizens of that
city. There can.be no objection to it. fhope
it will be passed at once, for this reason ; dis-
patches from San Francisco show the necessity
for it in order , that, the Legislature, which is
now in session, shall have time to empower the
city authorities'to take steps for its improve-
ment,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again ask if there ig objection to the present
consideration of the. bill referred to by the
Senator .from California. If there is none,
it is before the Senate as in Committee o'f'the
Whole.
' Mr. CORBETT and Mr. CASSERLY rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT: Has the Senator
from Oregon lisen to object?
Mr. CORBETT. I do not wish to'object to
the bill, provided we have 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, the bill is before the Senate as in
Committee .of .the Whole.
. Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'Has'the Senator
from California risen to object?
Mr. CASSERLY. I should Jike some oppor-
tunity to examine this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to object
to the speedy passage of the bill, for 1 was
in favor of the general object; but having
just come into the Senate, after an absence of
several weeks on committee business, I have
not yet seen the bill as reported back from
the Military Committee. 1 ask simply a few
moments for examination.
Mr. COLE. I .will state to my colleague
that the bill.was introduced at the last session,
in March, and there has been plenty of time
to examine it, I am sure.
Mr. SCOTT. As it is evident that this bill
will give rise to debate, and the Senator from
California asks to have it go over, I must insist
011 my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania was entitled to the floor, but
yielded to the Senator from California, who
asked unanimous consent. That appears not,
to be granted, and the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania resumes the floor.
I'APMItS WlTIlnUAWN.^
On motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, it
was
Ordered, That Bebecca C. Meeker have leave to
withdraw her potition and papers from tho files of
tho Senate.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESSES.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution in
regard to issuing an attachment for David
Gist, and Clayton Camp, which was under
consideration some time ago.
'The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
resolution :
Whereas the two Houses of Congress did, by their
eonuurrent resolutions passed on the 7thday of April,
1§71, authorize and direct the appointment of ajomt
select committee for the performance of certain
duties in said concurrent resolution specified; the
fcanl joint select committee to be composed of mem-
bers of tho'sajd .fsvo Houses, that is to say, of seven
members of the Senate and fourteen members of
ihe House of Representatives, which said joint
§oleet eonjTmU.ey watuli*ly appointed, as by said con-
current resolution provided; and whereas, in the
discharge and performance of tge duties so enjoined
upon them, the said joint select eoiaiiuftee did ap-
point a suh-eoujmittee of their own number to take
Jestispony in the State of^oiith Carolina, jshjoiji #aid
sub-committee, on the i4tn (lay of July, 1871, bysujj-
pena duty issued and^erved. did summon and com_-
mand a certain Clayton Camp, of Spartanburg
county. South Carolina, to appear before said sub-
committee; and ,on the 18th day of ^fuiy, 1871,"by
like subpeha duly issued! and served, did summon
aijd.command a.certain j)ayjd Gist, of JJnipn county,
South Carolina, to appear before said sub-eommit-
tee, each of said witnesses so summoned to testily
before the said sub-committee toueuing the matters
and things which the said joint select committee
were authorized and required by the concurrent res-
olution of the two Houses of Congress to examine
and inquire into; and whereas the said Clayton
Camp and the said David Gist, having been so sum-
moned and commanded, did fail and refuse to appear
before the said sub-committee, thereby showing
themselves in contempt of the Senate of tho United
States, as well as of .the House of Representatives :
Therefore, , , ,
llesolved hy the Senate of tilt United nfcites, (tn«
House at Representatives doncurring.) That tho
President of tho Senate issue bis several warrants,
directed to the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate, .com-
manding hiiu to take into his custody the bodies of
the said Clayton Camp and David Gist, respectively,
wherever to be found, and to have the same forth-
with betore the bar of the Senate, to answer as for «■
contempt of tho authority of theSonate.
Mr. SCOTT. When this resolution was last
before the Senate, the Senator from 01iio,[Mr.
TupRMAif]' made, the point that a sub-com-
mittee had 110 power to take testimony under
the resolution raising this joint committee.
I do not wish to take up the time of the Sen-
ate in discussing any other phases of this ques-
tion than the one which is thus raised by the
Seuator from. Ohio, and I call attention to ihe
language of the resolution which raised the
committee :
"Resolved, That a joint committee, consisting
of seven Senators and fourteen Representatives, be
appointed, whose duty it shall be
' I call attention to this clause, the duty im-
posed on the committee—
''whose duty it shall be to inquire into tho con-
dition of the iate insurrectionary Sta.tes so far as
regards the execution of the laws and the safpty of
the lives and property of the citizens of the United
States"—
This imposes the duty to inquire into the con-
dition of these insurrectionary States. Then
come the powers that are granted to them—
" with leave to report at any time during the next
or any subsequent session of Congress the result oi
their investigation to either or both Houses of Con-
gress, with such recommendation as they may deem
expedient; that said commifQo be authorized to
employ clerks and stenograpners, to sit during the
recess, and to send for persons and paoers. to admin-
ister oaths and take testimony, and to visit at their
discretion, through sub-committees, any portions ot
said States during the recess of Congress."
1 understood the position of the Senalyr from
Ohio to be that although the whole committee
was charged with the duty of iuquiring into the
condition of the late insurrectionary States,
and although for this purpose the whole com-
mittee was empowered to employ clerks and
stenographers, to sit during the recess, to send
for persona aud papers, to administer oaths
and take testimony, it could do nothing more
through a tub committee than to visit the iate
insurrectionary States j that it had no pownr
to take testimony through any such sub-com-
mittee.
It is entirely apparent, Mr. President, that
the whale purpose of the resolution was inquiry,
so that facts migH be ascertained and reported
to the Senate as to the condition of the late
insurrectionary States. If the language bad
been that they were simply authorized to send
a sub-committee, that a sub-committee might
go there, then there might be room for the
position-taken by the Senator from Ohio; but
it is pot a, sub-committee that is authorized to
visit the late insurrectionary*States, but the
whole committee is authorized, through a sub-
committee. to visit the insurrectionary States.
E'or what object, if not to carry out the pur-
poses for which the whole committee was
organized? It cannot be doubted that the
discretion granted here applies to the question
as to whether the whole committee should go,
or whether a sub-committee should go there.
That is the language.
The whole committee having the authority
conferred upon them to do this specific thing,
to gather these facts, are then authorized uto
vis^at their discretion through sub-committees
any potfipn of said States during the recess of
Congress." jt is entirely apparent that the
pow.er granted here was either that the whole
