3352
THE 0 ONGEBSSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
May 13,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator from Illinois came into his seat, the Sen-
ate granted unanimous consent to the Senator
from Iowa to take up a bridge bill, subject to
morning business, which now rests at reports
of committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If one unanimous con-
sent has been given, I do not object to the
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois withdraws his objection. Is there
objection from the Senator from Iowa, or any
other Senator, to the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania?
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir.
TAXliS OS DISTILLED SPIRITS
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom were referred the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 881) to provide for the abatement or re-
payment of taxes, on distilled spirits in bond,
destroyed by casualty, have directed me to
report them back, with the recommendation
that the Senate disagree to the amendments
of the Honse of Representatives, and ask for
a committee of conference.
The amendments were disagreed to; and
a conference requested of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
I'Kl'Jl'AliATION OF NATIONAL SUCU1UTIKS.
Mr. SUIiHMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (II. R. No. *2000) defining and limiting
the appropriation of certain moneys for the
preparation, issue, and reissue of the securi-
ties of the United States, and for other pur-
poses, to report it back with an amendment
in the nature of a substitute. As it is a mat-
ter of considerable importance, it ought to be
acted on now, and every Senator will under-
stand, from reading the brief substitute, what
it is. 1 ask that ii. be read now and acted on.
1 think there is no objection to it. A letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury accompanies it,
showing the necessity for it.
There being no objection, the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider tlie bill.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Finance w;is to strike out a.ll alter the
enacting clause, and to inseit ill lieu thereof
the following-:
That 1 tin expenses of tho issue, icissuc, tiansfer,
delivery, redemption, and iliMi ilml ion of securities,
K'^nt-tender notes, li\ietion:iI euirency, cheeks, cer-
tificates, commissions, and for any plate :md stool
enu'niviiiK mid printing loquired by tlio Tieusury
1 >epart men!, shall bo paid I roul and shall not exceed
the appiopiiation ol one por cent,, of the amount, ot
lc(;at-tciidei notes, traouonat t in I oney, ,t,nd secuii-
tles issued dllllllK each tise.il year: 1'ioru/rt/, Xli.it
nothing heicin cent.lined shall tie construed to in-
crease or eiihiitfeihe appropi iat ion contained m tile
second sect ion ol (he act en lit led "An net to aaithor-
ize i lie ret undine ot tho public debt," approved J uiy
1-1, 1X70.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERIA'. J should be glad to have
the Senator from Ohio, who of course under-
stands all about this subject, explain to some
ol us who know very little of it what is the
benefit which he regards as to be accomplished
by this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Icandothatin a moment.
IJudei the general act, authorizing the redemp-
tion ol small notes, fractional currency, &c.,
there was nn appropi union not to exceed one
per cent., to pay tho expenses of what are called j
the redemption bureau and the issue bureau I
in the 1 reusury Department. There is a doubt \
raised by one of t he Comptrollers as to whether !
the general law passed a year ago carrying all ;
surpluses to the 1 reasury does not put an end \
to the operation ot this act. It is to remove '
any ambiguity o  that subject that this bill is ,
proposed. It does not, change the existing j
law, except that it relieves the appropriation
for the issuing and reissuing of notes in various
forms from the difficulties that are created by
the passage of the law to which I have alluded.
The bill passed the House, but the Secretary
preferred it in a little different form, more
restrictive in character, and we have concluded
to adopt that and report it from the committee.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed,
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a House bill
which it will be a convenience to the District
of Columbia to have acted on—House bill
No. 2247, giving the approval and sanction
of Congress to the termini and route of the
Anacostia and Potomac River railroad, and
to regulate its construction and ooeration. I
wish the Senate would be good enough to
take that up and act upon it. It will require
only the reading of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say
to the Senator from Massachusetts that that
bill can hardly pass in the morning hour.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator, I understand,
has looked at it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have looked
at it, and desire to make some comments on it.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa also has risen to object.
Mr. THQRMAN. L wish to make inquiry
in regard to a bill, No. 1520 iu the order of
business, House bill No. 1048, supplementary
and amendatory to an act entitled "An act
to prescribe the mode of obtaining evidence
in cases of contested elections," approved
February 11), 1851. That bill came from
the House of Representatives; was referred
to the Committee on Privileges and Elections,
and reported back to the Senate with amend-
ments. I saw in some paper that the bill had
passed. If it has not passed  
The VICE PRESIDENT, it is still on the
files of the Secretary. "
Mr. T1IURMAN. Then I ask the Senate
to take it up. it is a bill that ought to pass,
and 1 am sure there will be no objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from low,i has the morning hour for a bridge
bill.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I have no speech to
make on it,. If the Senator will withdraw his
objection, 1 am sure the bill can be passed in
live minutes.
Mr. W RIGHT. I am sure the hill [ am so
anxious to pass will not occupy five minutes.
If we can have it out, of the way, I shall not
object.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, on Friday
last 1 gave notice to the Senate that I would
on Saturday morning move to take up the bill
increasing the rates of pensions to certain per-
sons therein described. It applies to the pen-
sions of those who have lost their eye-sight or
both arms or both legs. It is a bill which I
dare say will encounter no opposition, and I
would be very glad if the Senate would take
it up now and dispose of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana asks consent, pending the morn-
ing business, to take up the bill increasing the
rates of pensions for totally disabled persons.
Mr. WRIGHT. I dislike very much to
object to this bill, and would not do it under
any other circumstances, but I will state to
the Senator that the company interested in
the construction of this bridge have sent a
dispatch to mo that it is of vital importance
that the bill pass to-day. If I can get that
out of the way I shall not object.
The VICE PRES1DEN' I. It requires
unanimous consent pending the morning busi-
ness, and objection is made.
Mr. PRATT. Then I will ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate that this bill be
taken up to-morrow morning during the morn-
ing hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What time does
the Senator suggest ?
Mr. PRATT. Half past eleven o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses that by unanimous consent an order of
this kind can be made.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall be obliged to object
until the school bill is disposed of.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
Edward Berry, John McFall, and William H.
Judd, praying that certain internal revenue
taxes paid by them for sales made while act-
ing as State agents for the inspection and sale
of tobacco, be refunded, reported a bill (S.
No. 1109) for the relief of Edward Berry,
John McFall, and William H. Judd; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1082) to change the name of the pilot
boat Three Brothers to Adaliza, reported it
advetsely therin, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2G30) to donate the military reservation
at Fort Steilacoom to the Territory of Wash-
ington for the use of the insane asylum, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2290) regulating the mode of
making private contracts, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1045) to quiet
the title to certain lands in Dakota Territory,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1022) relating to
the claim of John B. Chapman, reported it
with an amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1110) to amend an act therein specified ; which
was read twice by its titl°, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1111) to authorize the opening and work-
ing of the iron mines located on the Govern-
ment land at West Point; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1112) for the relief ot Captain Lyman J.
Hissong, of Henry county, Ohio; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
PROTECTORATE OVER NAVIGATORS ISLANDS.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
lie-solved. That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions bo_ instructed to inquire into the expediency
and policy of the United States Government afford-
ing protection to the independent group of islands
in the South Pacific ocean, known as the Navigators
Islands, such protectorate being desired by the in-
habitants of said islands.
BRIDGE AT FORT MADISON, IOWA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further Senate resolutions, the Senate will
proceed to the consideration of the bridge bill
called up by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Wright] by unanimous consent at the open-
ing of this day's session.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No.
2207) to authorize the construction of abridge,
and to establish the same as a post road.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads with amend-
ments.
