42.48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
year. It is desired by the Superintendent of
Public Buildings and Grounds that this appro-
priation should be made now. Provision hag
been made, steps have been taken, plans
drawn for this pedestal, and everything is in
readiness but the appropriation. It will take
some time to get it ready, and it is very desir-
able it should be provided tor at this time.
Mr. ANTHONY". It seems to me it is a
pretty large sum to be in readiness, $42,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I have here the plans.
Mr. ANTHONY. The statue costs $25,000,
I am told, and hero is $42,000 for the ped-
estal;
Mr. SAWYER. It is granite laid horizon-
tally so as not to be subject to the action of
the frost. There is quite a detailed statement
which it is not necessary to repeat. I may
state, however, that proposals were solicited
from some four or five parlies, and the sum is
based on the result of those proposals.
Mr. F'RELINGHUYSEN. 1 move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope this amendment
will not be concurred in. If $42,000 is too
much, that might be a reason for reducing the
amount, but certainly it cannot be a reason
for striking out the whole clause ; and [ say in
answer to the suggestion made by the Senator
from Rhode Island, that while it would seetu
extraordinary that the pedestal should cost
more than the statue, il it stopped there, it,
does not seem so extraordinary that a pedestal
to hold an equestrian statue should cost more
than the statue itself. If I am not mistaken
this statue is made out of molten cannon which
were voted by Congress. I canicudily under-
stand how tlio casting of cannon into a statue
may not cost us much as the erection of a pon-
derous durable stuicturo like that on which the
horse and the lider of the Jackson statue, for
example, are seen in La Fayette Square.
Of course if is a subject which I speak about
with great dillidenee, but it does not strike me,
as it seems to strike the Senator from Rhode
island, that it should be extraordinary that
such a pedestal as is necessary to hold so
ponderous a statue us this, and of the kind
which usually is placi d under such a statue,
should cost mine than the easting of such a
statue out of cannon voted by the Government
for that purpose.
Mr. COLE. I suppose I ought to explain
this, and I will do so very briefly indeed.
This pedestal will be made by successive lay-
ers of granite, and each successive layer will
bo one solid block or mass of granite, and of
course very large and very costly, the idea
being thai tlieie should be no perpendicular
seams in it, which would in lime result in the
separating of them and in the destruction of
them. The pedestal hits been advertised for,
and the offers for milking it according to
the plan have averaged something over one
hundred thousand dollars down Lo $-12,000,
$42,000 beitig the lowest offer that was made
for the pedestal under the plans. That is all
I have to say.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment striking out the clause.
The amendment was rejected.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 59, after line four-
teen hundred and thirty-eight, to insert the
following clause:
To pay the publisher of tho National Republican
for printing a fist of appropnations of tho Thirty-
Seventh Congress, $2,151.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That seems to be a very
old affair, for the Thirty-Seventh Congress, ten
years ago. What is the meaning of that?
Mr. COLE. It is an indebtedness that has
been existing some years, I believe. The item
is based on a letter from the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, which shows that
oiher papers which were published at that
time in this city and are published now, I
believe, did receive compensation for the same
service, and this one alone was not paid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Published without
authority of law ?
Mr. COLE. No, I think with authority of
law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not in order at
any rate. There is no appropriation of this
kind in the bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
object to it, because the others have been paid,
and it is an invidious discrimination.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it was a publication
without authority of law it ought not to be
paid for.
Mr. COLE. I suppose it was with authority
of law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the news-
papers in the District are in the habit of in-
serting publications for furnishing beef for
instance in Now Mexico and things of that
kind, and they are often published to fill up
without authority and where there is no sort
of benefit derived fiom the publications. 1 do
not know of any law which authorizes such a
publication as this. I raise the question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois makes the point of order. If it
is on the ground that this is a private claim
the point is sustained, and the amendment is
not in order. The reading of the bill will
continue.
'fhe next amendment was on page 01, after
line fourteen hundred and eighty-one, to insert
the following clause:
For constructing experimental breech-loading
boat howitzeis, $10,IH)0.
Mr. COLE. I hope tlmt will be disagreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. It is in the bill before.
Mr. WEST. It is an accidental repetition.
'fhe amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 61, after
line fourteen hundred and eighty-three, to
insert the following:
To enable tho tioeretary of tho Navy to pay tho
liquidated debt now duo tho Corliss Stoam-Kngino
Company for steam machinery furnished under
cotitraot witli the Navy Department, ®257,ti88.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That, isuvery large sum
of money, $257,000, appropriated here to
enable the Secretary of tho Navy to pay a debt
due tho Corliss Steam-Kngiue Company. That
cannot be in order. There is nothing certainly
in this bill to justify that.
Mr. SAWYER. It is in accordance with
a recommendation of the head of tho Depart-
ment for a liquidated debt.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a private claim,
and it is not germane to this bill.
Mr. SAWYER. Why not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because there is noth-
ing in this bill relating to paying claims of this
character. Certainly if the Montana Indian
claims were ruled out this must go out.
Mr. SAWYER. But the difference between
this and the Montana claim is that this is a
liquidated debt, a legitimate claim against the
Government, audited and recommended to be
paid by thonSecretary of the Navy. His letter
is in my hand. The parties have a certificate
of indebtedness from the Navy Department
for the amount. If it is not germane to this
bill, and it is not within the rule, I do not know
any item in the bill that is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are two objec-
tions to it. It is a private claim to begin with,
and under the thirtieth rule is excluded. In
the next place, it is not germane to this bill;
it, has no reference to any appropriation con-
tained in the bill. If you are going to make a
bili here to appropriate money for private
elflims, I shall want some other evidence than
a certificate from the Navy Department to pay
$257,000. 1 should want to know what it is
lor. It is a very large item. How does it
happen that there should be such a claim as
this? I raise the question of order upon it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Astatement is before
me showing precisely what the claim was for.
It was for contracts made with the Depart-
ment during the war and given up. This is a
settlement of these contracts adjusted prop-
erly by the Navy Depar'merit, as just and
honest a debt as any due by the Government
to any contractor. Here is a statement of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is an old claim.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It is time to pay it.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will suggest the reason
why this has not been paid. For two or three
years there has been a provision inserted in
the naval appropriation bill that there should
be no part ot the money appropriated used in
the payment of claims for building steam
machinery, and for that reason it could not be
paid.
Mr. WEST. This claim was inserted by
the committee in pursuance of ihis section of
the naval appropiiation bill of 1870:
" To enable the Secretary of the Navy to dischargo
liabilities provided for by contracts made previous
to March 4,1809, $515,960 92, or so mucli thereof as
may be necessary: Provuird, That before paying
the chum of tbe Corliss iSteam-Euginc Coiupanj,
tho Secretary of tiie Navy shall cause a reexamina-
tion ot said claim to bo made by the law officers of
the Navy Department and two competent engineers
to bo detailed for that purpose,"&e.
That examination was not made until the
appropriation lapsed. It has now been made ;
and it becomes necessary that a furl her appro-
priation should be made to pay the claim if it
is to be paid at all. But I will say to the
Senate that the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] told me to-day that he wuuld like
to have this case reserved.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I raise the question of
order upon it. It is not in order.
Mr. SAWYER. If it is to be ruled out of
order I have nothing to say about, it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There can
be no further debate on the question except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. COLE. 1 object to further debate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to state that the
Secretary of the Navy says that if he had had
the money at the tune in the Treasury he
would have made the payment himself. But
a settlement was made predicated upon an
appropriation by Congress, and it has been
hung up in consequence.
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot say anything
on the point, of order, but, I have no doubt
that the services were honestly and faithfully
rendered, and that, the money is due.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule
allows the Chair to submit a question like this
to the sense of the Senate. The Chair has
some doubt about this, and will submit the
question of order to the sense of the Senate,
and take their vote whether it shall be received
or not.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Chair will not do
that. I would rather it should be passed
over.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless ob-
jection be made, it will be passed over until
the Senate is full. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and it is passed over. The reading of
the bill will continue.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 61, line fourteen
hundred and ninety five, in the appropriations
for the Department of Agriculture, to reduce
the appropriation "for cast-iron labels for
naming trees in arboretum," lrom §1.500 to
$1,000, reducing the total appropriation for
improvement of grounds, labor, <fcc., from
$22,400 to $21,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 52, lines
fiheen hundred and five and fifteen hundred
and six, in the appropriations for the Depart-
ment of Agriculture, to strike out the follow-
ing clause:
For two additional clerks, class one, $2,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 63, sec
