1560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
the vote will be had upon that without discus-
sion probably. No discussion will be excited
oa this side of the question certainly. Another
relates to the printing of the laws in the news-
papers ; and one very small amendment relates
to the salary of the depositary in Arizona. I
think we can get through with the bill at an
early hour to-day, and 1 hope the Senate will
not adjourn in any event until it is disposed of
at this sitting. I appeal to Senators to remain
in-session to-day until this bill can be disposed
of. I hope, however, it can be disposed of
before the usual hour for adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The tariff bill is the spe-
cial order, and will be continued as the special
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It remains such
at this precise moment, and will have priority
of all other special orders to-day, as it is the
special order for this precise time.
Mr. NYE. I should like to call up the bill
fixing the time for the election in the Territory
of Idaho. I do not think it will lead to much
debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator having
charge of the appropriation bill is willing, I
shall not object.
Mr. NYE. I understand the Senator from
Oregon wants to make some motion about this
bill. It is necessary, if the bill is going to pass
at all, that it should pass very soon.
Mr. CORBETT. f move that that bill be
recommitted to the committee, as I wish to
make some explanations to the committee
about it. I was not aware that the bill was to
be reported at the time it was, and desired to
make some explanations to the committee as
to facts which they did not have before them
at the time they decided to report the bill
favorably.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill is not
before the Senate, and cannot, therefore, be
recommitted. The Senator from Nevada asks
unanimous consent that the bill may be con-
sidered, the appropriation bill being informally
passed over.
Mr. COLE. I should be very glad indeed
to accommodate the Senator from Nevada;
but I sec that that bill will call forth some dis-
cussion, unless it is to be taken up simply for
the purpose of recommitting it, on which there
will be no debate.
Mr. NYE. That, is not the purpose. The
purpose is to pass it.
Mr. COLE. Then I hope my friend will not
insist on taking it up at this time, because that
i-notion will be interposed and discussion must
follow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tt can only be
by the Senator from Illinois giving way and
allowing the motion to postpone the appro-
priation bill to be made that this bill can bo
taken up.
ML NYE. Then I give notice that I will
call it up to-morrow morning.
presidential approval.
( A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pobter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the act (S. No. 615) to
reimburse certain soldiers for loss of clothing
by fire at Chicago.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieeson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 442)
supplementary to an act to provide for a
building suited to the use of thepost office, the
pension and revenue officers, and the judicial
officers of the United States in the city of
Trenton, New Jersey, approved March 3,1871.
1ixh0lled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1538) for the construction
of an addition to the United States court-house
and post office building in Indianapolis, Indi-
ana, and for the purchase of additional ground
adjoining the site of said building;
A bill (H. R. No. 330) to issue an Amer-
ican register to the brig A. L. Palmer;
A bill (H. R. No. 1539) to provide for a
building for the use of thepost office, custom-
house, pension office, United States circuit
and district courts, and internal revenue offices
at Hartford, Connecticut;
A bill (S. No. 742) to amend section thirty-
five of an act entitled "An act to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes;" and
A bill (S. No. 353) to restore the records
of the United States courts in the northern
district of Illinois.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, iu obedience to law, statements
of the expenditures at the Springfield armory,
and the munitions of war manufactured, altered,
and repaired thereat, during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1871 ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
legislative, etc!., appkopuiation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (II. Ii. No. 1060) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, the
question being on concurring in the amendment
made as in_ Committee of the Whole, inserting
the following clausc on page 62, after lino
fifteeu hundred and twenty-one:
To enable the President of tho United States to
perfect and put in force such rules regulating tho
civil service as may from time to time be adopted by
hmi, $50,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I regret
not to see the Senator from Wisconsin who
addressed the Senate on Friday [Mr. Howe]
in his seat. lie seems to have lett the Cham-
ber within a few minutes. It was my intention
to say something in regard to some of the
views advanced by him. I shall still do so.
but perhaps not to the same extent as if he
were present. I will first call the attention of
the Senate to his closing remarks. Referring
to tho President of the United States, he used
this language:
" In whose august presence I infer the honorable
Senator from Illinois would not dare to divide his
time between preparing Christmas presents for tho
unrepentant chiefs of the lato rebellion, and forging
political anathemas against the illustrious chief
who subdued them."
This was the concluding sentence of the
labored speech of the honorable Senator. I
should propound directly to that Senator if he
were present the question whether he meant
to intimate in any way that the Senator from
Illinois had ever forged political anathemas
against the illustrious chief who subdued the
rebellion ? As ho is not here to answer that
question, and as there seems to be in some
quarters a persistent attempt to maks it appear
that certain members of the Senate, myself in-
cluded, have some personal grievance or desire
to make some personal attack upon the Presi-
dent of the United States, I wish to say here and
now to the Senator from Wisconsin, if he were
present, and in t.he hearing of all the Senators,
that no man, either in public or private, over
heard me forge_ anathemas against the Presi-
dent of the United States; no man here or
elsewhere ever heard me speak disrespect-
fully or unkindly of the President of the
United States.
Sir, I have spoken of systems that I thought
ought to be reformed, of abuses which I thought
ought to be corrected; but in doing so I make
no personal accusations, and have at no time
believed it necessary or proper iu advocating
measures of reform to assail individuals, and
least of all to assail the Chief Magistrate of the
nation. I have not occupied the time of the
Senate in pronouncing fulsome panegyrics upon
the President. I have not sought to curry
favor by bending " the pregnant hinges of the
knee" at the footstool of presidential author-
ity. I have not thought it necessary to be-
slabber with praise the President when I am
discussing public questions. And, sir, I do
not think that any person ought to or can rec-
ommend himself to the favor of the President
of the United States, one of whose most dis-
tinguishing characteristics is his sound sense,
by this fulsome adulation and praise upon all
occasions. I have none of that feeling which
prompts Senators to talk of the "august pres-
ence" of the Chief Magistrate. Why, sir, I
have known the Chief Magistrate ; he is one of
the people ; and I have none of that awe, nor
am I so impressed with that "august pres-
ence" that I must tremble and fawn whenever
I have occasion to speak of public measures,
in order to recommend myself to his favor;
and, sir, if failing to do that subjects one to the
imputation of hurling anathemas at the Presi-
dent, then I am guilty, but in no other sense.
This speech of the Senator from Wisconsin;
was remarkable in several respects. He pro-
ceeded, as have several other Senators, to ridi-
cule any reform in the civil service, to make
fun of the examinations that have been pro-
posed, and in referring to a measure which I
had introduced at a former session of Con-
gress, which 1 thought would tend to purify
the system, he said that I simply proposed " to
declare it a penal offense for a member of
Congress to advise the President touching an
appointment to office." The bill which 1 in-
troduced provided-this, among other things:
that no person should be appointed to office
who obtained the recommendation of a mem-
ber of Congress, either of the Senate or House
of Representatives, for the office. I thought
such a provision would be of itself a great re-
form ; it would correct many existing abuses
to which I shall have occasion presently to
refer ; it would preserve the independence of
Congressmen and the independence of the
Executive Departments of the Government,
and would do much to correct that abuse which
now exists of using the patronage of the Gov-
ernment as if it were mere spoils for the ben-
efit of certain individuals who happen to be
elected to Congress.
- But the Senator from Wisconsin has discov-
ered one great panacea for the evils in our
civil service which I think has never been ex-
celled by any discovery in politics at any time.
It reminds me very much of Townsend's sar-
saparilla, which was to be a specific for all
diseases of the human body. So the Senator
from Wisconsin has discovered a great specific;
and what is it? It is a grand institution of
learning, to be established at the seat of Gov-
ernment, an institution of learning not for the
people generally, but to which the graduates
of colleges may come. He says, first of all,
" I wish to protest that a national university "—
After stating ttat we must have one estab-
lished—
" must; not tie a new invention for starving teach-
ers."
This is the first proposition, and the second
is that he will commit " the government of
the university to a regency which shall repre-
sent every State in the Union."
/'Third, let not the national university be the
rival of existing colleges. On the contrary, let its
novitiato be the graduate of the colleges: let its
course of study commence only where that of tho
colleges ends; let its course end only when the stu-
dent shall have mastered whatever is known of
science or of its application to the professional, tho
commercial, the agricultural, or tho mechanical
pursuits of life."
Why what an institution that is to be! Every-
body who leaves it is to be master of all that is
known of science or its application ; and that
is to cure the civil service system 1 If you will
only establish at Washington a great institu-
tion, as a qualification to enter which a person
must first have passed through some college of
