1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3853
The first amendment of the committee was
in section two, line three, after the word
"built" to insert the word " either," and be-
fore the word u draw bridge " insert u pri-
vate ; " in line seven to strike out the word
"extreme" before "high-water;" in line
fourteen to insert the word i 1 pivot" before
u draw-bridge; " in line fifteen, after the word
"constructed," to strike out the words "as
a pivot drawbridge;" at the end of line
twenty to add the words " if the proper loca-
tion of the draw over the channel will admit
spans of this width between it and the shore
and at the end of the section to add, 4'and
in no case shall unnecessary delay occur in
opening the said draw during or after the pas-
sage of trains; "so as to make the section
read:
Sec. 2. That any bridge built under the provisions
of this act may, at the option of the company build-
ing the same, be built eitherasapivotdraw-bridge.
with a pivot or other form of draw, or with unbroken
or continuous spans: Provided, That if the said
bridge shall be made with unbroken and continuous
spans, it shall not be of less elevation in any case
than iifty teet above high-water mark, as under-
stood at the point of location, to the bottom chord
of the bridge; nor shall the spans of said bridge be
less than two hundred and fiity feet in length; and
the piers ot said bridge shall be parallel with the
current ot the river, and the mam spanshall beover
the main channel of the river, and not less than three
. hundred teet in length: And provided also, That if
any bridge built under this act shall be constructed
as a pivot draw-bridge, the same shall be construct-
ed with a draw over the main channcl of the river
at an accessible and navigable point, and with spans
of not less than one hundred and sixty ieet in length
in the clear on each side of the central or pivot pier
of the draw, and the next adjoining spans to the
draw shall not be less than two hundred and fifty
feet, it the proper location of the draw over the
channel will admit spans of this width between it
and the shore: and said spans shall not be less than
thirty teet above low-water mark, and not less than
ten above extreme high-water mark, measuring to
the bottom chord of the bridge; and the piers of
said bridge shall be parallel with the current of the
river where said bridge may be erected : And pro-
vided aUo, Thatsaid draw shall be opened promptly,
upon reasonable signal, for the passage of boats,
and in no case shall unnecessary delay oecur in
opening the said draw during or after the passage
of trains.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
word u prescribe,"- in line four of section five,
the following:
And to secure that object the said person or per-
sons, company or corporation, shall submit to the
Secretary of War, for his examination and approval,
a design and drawings of the bridge and piers, and
a map of the location, giving, for the space of at least
one mile above and one miie below the proposed
location, the topography of the banks of the river,
the shore-lines at high and low water, the direction
and strength of the currents at all stages, and the
soundings accurately showing the bedof the stream,
the location of any other bridge or bridges, and shall
furnish such other information as may be requited
for a full and satisfactory understanding of the sub-
ject; and until the said plan and location of the
bridge are approved by the Secretary of "War, the
bridgeshall not be built; and if any change be made
in the plan of construction of said bridge during the
progress of the work thereon, or belore the comple-
tion of said bridge, such change shall be subject to
the approval of the Secrotary of War.
So as to read :
That the structure herein autho rized shall be
built and located under and subject to such regula-
tions for the security of navigation of said river as
the Secretary of War shall prescribe; and to secure
that object the said person or persons, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed, and the bill read a third time. The
hill was read the third time, and passed.
JAMES F. JOY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
554 for the relief of James F. Joy. It is a
private bill which I think will take but a
moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
an amendment to the bill, to strike out all
after the enacting clause and in lieu thereof to
insert:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to deliver to James F. Joy possession of the prem-
ises purchased by him September 5, 1864, known
as the marine hospital and grounds at Chicago,
Illinois, and to pay said Joy, out of any moneys in
the lreasury not otherwise appropriated, interest
from September 5,1866, at the rate of six per cent
per annum, upon $132,000, being the amount paid
by said Joy to the United States for said premises
two years previous, and that such interest shall bo
so paid until delivery of said premises shall bo
made.
Mr. BOREMA.N. I do not object to the
bill, but I should like to have some explana-
tion of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report will explain
it. It is very short.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
made by Mr. Trumbull from the Committee
on the Judiciary on the 28th of March last;
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the petition of James F. Joy, report as
follows:
Under an act of Congress, approved June 20,1864,
(13 Statutes, page 142,) the Secretary of theTreasury
was directed, after due notice, to sell the marine
hospital and grounds at Chicago, Illinois, at public
auction, and, from the proceeds of the sale, to pur-
chase a new and more eligible site and erect a now
hospital thereon; the new site and hospital in no
event to cost more than the amount received from
the sale of the old hospital and grounds, and the pos-
session of the old hospital to be retained until the
new one was completed.
In pui>uance ot said act, the Chicago marine hos-
pital and grounds were sold at public auction to
James E. Joy, on the 5th of September, 1864, for
$132,000, one fourth of which was paid m cash, and
the balance, with interest, within a few months
thereafter.
At the time of the sale it was publicly stated by
the auctioneer that measures were then being taken
to secure a new site, and that a new building would
be erected thereon as soon as practicable, and. im-
mediately upon its completion, possession would be
given to the purchaser of the property then about
tobe sold.
No new site was purchased until December, 1866,
and the erection of the new hospital whs not com-
menced until some time thereafter. The Govern-
ment still retained possession of the old hospital at
the time of the great Chicago fire, October 9, 1871,
when it was consumed.
The committee are of the opinion fhat, although it
was expressly stipulated by the act that possession of
the premises should not be given until the completion
of the new marine hospital, still, a fair construction
of the act required that the new site should be pur-
chased and the building of the new hospital pro-
ceeded with and completed within a reasonable
time ; and, furthermore, that two years from tho
time of sale was a reasonable time within which to
have procured a site and erected a new hospital
building, which together should not cost exceeding
$132,000. The old building being destroyed, Joy will
have to submit to the loss, but the Government no
longer needs possession of the premises.
The committee recommend that the possession be
delivered to Joy, and that ho be paid interest from
the 5th day of September, 1866, to the time of the
delivery of the possession, on the amount by him
paid into the Treasury for the premises two years
previous, and they report back the bill amended to
conform to their recommendations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
kansas skna.tokial elections.
Mr. MORTON. The Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections have instructed me to
make a report in the form of two resolutions,
on which I ask present action.
The Chief Clerk reatl the resolutions, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That the Committee on Privileges and
Elections be authorized to employ a stenographer
in the investigation which it has been directed to
make into the Kansas senatorial elections.
Resolved, That the sum of $10,000 be appropriated
from the contingent fund of the Senate, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to defray the expenses
of the investigation into the Kansas senatorial
elections, ordered by the Senate, to be paid upon
vouchers approved by the chairman ot the Commit-
tee on Privileges and Elections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the rule, the
resolution, making an appropriation, mustgoto
the Committee ou Contingent Expenses; but
by unanimous consent the Chair supposes that
can be waived. The first resolution in regard
to the stenographer will be regarded as agreed
to. The second resolution is before the Senate,
and must have three readings like a bill; and,
unless by unanimous consent, must be referred
to the Committee on Contingent Expenses.
Mr. TRUMB ULL. I assume there can be
no objection to it.
The resolution was read three times, and
INCREASE OJ CERTAIN PENSIONS.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I now make
an appeal for the fourth time to the Senate to
take up the bill for the relief of the cripples
of the war; a hill for those who have lost their
eye-sight, or their legs, or their arms. It has
been some three weeks since I first made this
application.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A majority can
now take up the "bill indicated by the Senator
from Indiana. He moves to take it up.
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to; 'and the bill (S.
No. 1073) increasing the rates of pensions to
certain persons therein described, was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to amend the
act entitled "An act supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions," approved
June 6, 1806, so that hereafter all persons
entitled by law to a less pension than herein-
after specified, who, while in the military or
naval service of the United States and m line
of duty, shall have lost the sight of both eyes,
or shall have lost both hands, or been perma-
nently and totally disabled in the same, or
otherwise so permanently and totally disabled
as to render tiiem utterly helpless, or so nearly
so as to require the constant personal aid and
attendance of another person, shall be entitled
to a pension of thirty dollars per month; and
all persons who under like circumstances shsjH
have lost both feet, or one hand and one foot,
or been totally and permanently disabled in
the same, or otherwise so disabled as to be in-
capacitated for performing any manual labor,
but not so much as to require constant per-
sonal aid and attendance, shall be entitled to
a pension of twenty-five dollars per month;
and all persons who under like circumstances
shall have lost one hand, or one foot, or been
totally and permanently disabled in the same,
or otherwise so disabled as to render their in-
capacity to perform manual labor equivalent
to the loss of a hand or afoot, shall be entitled
to a pension of eighteen dollars per month, the
intent of the act being to increase the rates of
pension to the persons severally described
twenty per cent, on the present rates from and
after the passage of the act.
Mr. PRATT. There is an erro'r in printing
the bill ou the twentieth line, second page. It
should read " twenty-four dollars per month "
instead of" twenty-five dollars," so as to make
it an increase of just twenty per cent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senator from
Indiana how much this will increase the pen-
sion list?
Mr. PRATT. I will state for the informa-
tion of my friend from Minnesota that, by
direction of the committee, I corresponded
with the Pension Office to ascertain how
many pensioners there were of the respective
grades benefited by this bill. I have the
letter of General Baker, the Commissioner,
before me. Be states, under date of May
4, 1872, that the number on the rolls of the
first grade—that is to say, of those who have
lost both eyes or both hands in the military
or naval service—is five hundred and ninety-
six. They are in the receipt, under the pres-
ent law, of a pension at the rate of $300 a
year. This bill increases that rate twenty per
cent., and the increase on the pension-list
from this bill will be $178,800 to this class.
Belonging to the second class there are six hun-
dred and sixty-one pensioners, who, under the
