1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
committee should go into the late insurrection-
ary States and take testimony there, or at their
discretion they should go through a sub-com-
mittee. The purpose is the same, whether the
whole committee go or whether a sub com-
mittee go. So I think that if attention is once
directed to the intention of the resolution and
tothe powers that were granted for the purpose
of carrying out that intention there can be no
question that the only thing the committee were
to determine was whether they would all go
for the purpose of discharging the duties im-
posed upon them by Congress, or whether they
would send a sub-committee for the purpose
of discharging those duties. This. I may say,
■was the view of the committee. If it were
proper for me to do so, I could refer to the
journal of the committee, in which that idea
is frequently thrown out, that the committee
might either as a whole visit the late insur-
rectionary States and take testimony, or that
they might send a sub-committee for that
purpose.
It', then, this view be a correct one, the only
other question that can arise is whether a
witness was properly subpenaed. I do not
wish at this stage of this proceeding to antici-
pate questions which perhaps might be made
with reference to the power of sub committees
to subpena witnesses; but, as I have already
said, the power given to this committee is to
be exercised in its discretion either by the
whole committee or by a sub-committee, and
if the whole committee had gone to South Car-
olina there could be no doubt about its being
authorized to issue subpenas, for it is expressly
authorized to summon witnesses, to take testi-
mony, and administer oaths; and if the power
be granted to send a sub-committee, then all
the powers necessary to accomplish the pur-
pose go with the sub-committee, as they would
have gone with the whole committee. The
subpena is issued ; it is served. There is no
question about that; and the only question that
we have before us is whether the attachment
should properly issue against one of the wit-
nesses, Gist. As to the other no question is
made, for he is in contempt if the sub-commit-
tee bad the power to subpena witnesses.
Now, as to Gist himself, I have no doubt
that any Senator who reads the affidavit that
was read when this question was up before the
Senate on a former occasion will see that the
whole excuse which ho makes is a pretext.
He alleges that he was in the town where the
committee was sitting for the purpo?e of being
examined, but he never communicated the
fact that he was there for that purpose either
to the chairman, or, so far as I have any inform-
ation, to any member of the committee. He
alleges that his wife was sick, but he was there
for the two days, and if he was desirous of
being examined, certainly in that condition of
his family he would have communicated the
fact to some member of the committee ; but
instead of communicating that fact, his pres-
ence there was not known, certainly was not
known to the chairman of the committee, and
the Sergeant-at- Arms had a subpena from the
time the committee went there until they left
there for the purpose of serving it upon him,
and he could not be found until late in the
evening of the day when the committee left
that place, and when informed that he was
wanted at Columbia, he said defiantly that he
would not attend. The excuse that he might
be imprisoned when he went, to Columbia is
of itself so transpaient as to carry its own
refutation with it. A gentleman of his intel-
ligence—for I may say here that he is either
a son or a nephew, I am not certain which, of
the late Governor Gist, of South Carolina—
should undei stand perfectly well that the com-
mittee hail no power to imprison anybody ; J
that was beyond their power—he seems to j
understand that now certainly—and if it had j
been his desire, as I have already said, to be I
examined, that desire would have been com-
municated to the committee.
Now, Mr. President, having laid the grounds
upon which, as I think, the committee acted
properly in subpenaing the witness—the ground
that they had the power to subpena him ; that
we believed him to be an important witness,
and desired to examine him ; that the allega-
tion which he throws in here as to the inten-
tion of the committee is a mere subterfuge
and aspersion of the committee—I leave this
question in the hands of the Senate, and ask
that this resolution pass, and that the other
one of a similar character, upon which there
was a motion to Teconsider, follow it, so that
this business may be disposed of.
Mr. SAULSBUItY. Before the Senator
from Pennsylvania takes his seat I desire to
ask a question in reference to the return of
the subpenas in these cases, which affects the
point of these witnesses being in contempt. I
doubt whether the sub-committee bad the
power to issue a subpena ; but assuming that
they had, I wish to ask the attention of the
Senator from Pennsylvania to the fact that
that subpena was directed to John It. French.
Now, I know not what may be the custom
or practice, but I inquire whether there was
any authority for the delegation of the power
conferred on the Sergeant-at-Arms? Accord-
ing to my understanding of the law, a man
must be properly subpenaed before lie can be
in contempt. '1 he subpena hero was directed
to Mr. French. Mr. French attempts to dele-
gate the power to serve that subpena upon the
witness, and I apprehend that there tnay be a
question as to his right and authority through
a deputy to make the service ; but that is not
the point which I rose to make.
The question which 1 raise is whether the
return of the subpena must not be made by
the person to whom it is directed. For in-
stance, take the case of the sherilf of a county
to whom a subpena is directed. He may serve
it through bis deputy ; he may serve it through
any constable of the county, or through any
other person ; but the return is invariably made
by the sheriff himself. He is the officer of the
court. I apprehend that that is just the pre-
dicament of this case, unless there is some
special authority which authorizes the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to delegate the power to and
return that subpena.
Mr. SCOTT. I am very glad the Senator
from Delaware has propounded this question.
As I have already said, I did not wish to an-
ticipate any questions that were not made in
the ease; but my attention had been called to
the very point which the Senator from Dela-
ware propounds. In 1860 the same question
arose in subpenaing the witnesses whom the
Senate desired to have brought belore its
committee to investigate the occurrence at
Harper's Ferry, in Virginia. At that time one
Frank B. Sanborn was subpenaed in Boston.
The subpena was directed to the Sergeant at-
Arms of the Senate, and he deputized in that
case, as the present Sergeant-al-Arms did in
this ease, a deputy for the purpose of serving
the subpena. An attachment was issued by
the Senate of the United States against that
witness because of his refusal to appear; and
when the officer charged with the attachment
had him in custody, one of the judges of the
supremo court of Massachusetts issued a writ
of habeas corpus for the body of Sanborn.
He was taken before that judge, and my
recollection is—it is some time since I read
the case—that all the judges of the supreme
court of Massachusetts sat with the justice who
issued the writ of habeas corpus upon the hear-
ing, and upon that hearing that court decided
•hat, although the Sergeant-al-Arms to whom
the attachment was directed could execute it
himself, he could not delegate his authority to
another, but must execute it himself. The case
is reported in the ljaw Reporter; I believe I
have stated substantially the outlines of it;
but when the case came back before the Sen-
ate the question was considered; and I hold
in my hand a very elaborate report made by
an honored predecessor of the Senator from
Delaware upon this floor, Mr. Bayard, on the
7tli of June, 1860, to the Senate, taking the
ground which, as I understand, at that time
was sustained in the Senate, that the Sergeant-
at-Arms had the right to delegate his authority
to a deputy; that the deputy had the right to
serve the subpena or to serve the attachment;
so that, so far as the authority of this body is
concerned, it has been decided that a process,
either of subpena or attachment, issued to the
Sergeant-at Arms may be served by a deputy.
Now, the point which the Senator from Del-
aware makes is that although that is correct,
yet we must come into the Senate with an
analogous return to that of a sheriff in a court.
The return in this case is not simply the return
of the officer, but it is the testimony of the
deputy sworn and taken before the committee,
and that is returned as the evidence of service.
It is not simply the return of an officer whose
general duty it is to execute a writ, but it is
the affidavit of the deputy who was authorized
by the Sergeant-at-Arms to execute the writ,
so that it is a higher species of proofof service
of the writ than the simple return of the
Sergeant-at-Arms would be. That wc have
before us ; it is the sworn affidavit of the
officer who executed the writ.
Mr. SAU-LSBURY. The Senator is a good
lawyer, and I ask him whether, where a sum-
mons had been directed to a sherilf and a
deputy made an affidavit that he himself had
served that summons upon a witness or upon
a defendant, there is any court in the United
States that would upon such a return, it so
appearing on the face of the record, issue an
attachment for contempt if the party had not
appeared?
Mr. SCOTT. I may say that going back to
my recollection of the practice in the courts it
would be this: that, although the deputation
might appear on the face of the writ, and
although the simple return would be by the
deputy that he had served the writ, the ques-
tion might formally be made whether that was
the return of the sheriff. Yet if, instead of
that, the court calls before it the deputy to
whom the writ was issued and swears him, and
he swears in the presence of the court that he
executed the writ, there is no court in Christen-
dom that, if the circumstances jusiitied it, would
not issue an attachment for such a witness.
I believe there are one or two cases that I
now remember in which the question has been
raised in civil cases whether the simple return
of a deputy is sufficient to sustain an action
against the sheriff himself; but I have never
beard the question raised as to issuing an
attachment against a witness whether the
sworn testimony of the officer serving the sub-
poena was equivalent to the simple return of
the officer to whom it was directed. I think
the Senator from Delaware, if he reflects a
moment,, will perceive that the measure of
proof to the court whose power is involved is
higher than the simple return of the officer,
and I do not think the Senator will stand upon
this technical question of whether it is such
proof as would be recognized in a court of
record, when we have before us in the report
of the committee the sworn testimony of the
officer who made the service.
Mr, BAYARD. Mr. President, in regard
to tile point raised by my colleague in this
case, I think he is plainly right that the return
must be made by the officer qualified in law to
make it. He may make it, for a mere minis-
terial act, through a deputy: but the return of
the act must appear as the return of the officer
authorized by law to make service, who does
it, through the means which the law permits
him to use. No one, I think, ever heard
