1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24 m
notice in such land office, and shall thereupon be
entitled to a patent for said land, in the manner
following: the register of the land office, upon the
filing of such application, plat, field-notes, notices,
and affidavits, shall publish a notice that such
application has been made, for the period of sixty
days, in a newspaper to be by him designated as
published nearest to saifl claim; and heshall also
post such notice in his office for the same period.
The claimant at the time of filing this application,
or at any time thereafter, within the sixty days of
publication, shall file with the register a certificate
of the United States surveyor general that $500 worth
of labor has beeu expended or improvements made
upon the claim by himself or grantors; that the plat
is correct, with sueh farther description by such
reference to natural objects or permanent monu-
ments as shall identify the claim, and furnish an
accurate description, to bo incorporated in the pat-
ent. At the expiration of the sixty days of publica-
tion the claimant shall file his affidavit, showing
that the plat and notice have been posted in a con-
spicuous place on the claim during said period of
publication. If no adverse claim shall have been
filed with the register and the receiver of the proper
land office at the expiration of the sixty days of
publication, it shall be assumed that the applicant
is entitled to the patent, upon the payment to the
proper officer of five dollars per acre, and that no
adverse claim exists; and thereafter no objection
from third parties to the issuance of a patent shall
be heard,'except it be shown that the applicant has
failed to comply with this act.
Sec. 7. That where an adverse claim shall be filed
during the period of publication, it shall be upon
ou.th of the person or persons making the same, and
shall show the nature, boundaries, and extent of
sueh adverse claim, and all proceedings, except the
publication of notice and making and filing of the
affidavit thereof, shall be stayed until the contro-
versy shall have been settled or decided by a court
of competent jurisdiction, or the adverse claim
waived. It shall be the duty of the adverse claimant,
within thirty days afterfiliughis claim, to commence
proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction, to
determine the question of the right of possession,
and piosecute the same with reasonable diligence to
final judgment; and a failure so to do shall be a
waiver of his adverse claim. After such judgment
shall have been rendered, the party entitled to the
possession of the claim, or any portion thereof, may,
without giving further notice, file a certified copy
of the judgment-roll with the register of the land
office, together with the certificate of tho surveyor
general that the requisite amount of labor has been
expended, or improvements made thereon, and the
description required in other cases, and shall pay
to the receiver five dollars per acre for his claim,
together with the proper fees, whereupon the whole
proceedings and the judgment-roll shall be certified
by the register to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and a patent shall i>*sue thereon for the
claim, or such portion thereof as the applicant shall
appear, from the decision of the court, to rightfully
possess. If it shall appear from the decision of the
court, that several parties are entitled to separate
and different portions of the claim, each party may
pay for his portion of the ci&im, with the proper
fees, and file tho certificate and description by the
surveyor general, whereupon the register shall cer-
tify the proceedings and judgment-roil to the Com-
missioner of the Geneial Land Office, as in the pre-
ceding case, and patents shall issue to the several
parties according to their respective rights. Proof
of citizenship under this act, or the acts of July 26,
1866, and July 9,1870, m the case of an individual,
may consist of his own affidavit thereof, and in case
of an association of persons unincorporated, of the
affidavit of their authorized agent, made on his own
knowledge or upon information and belief, and in
case of a corporation organized under the laws of
the United States, or of any State or Territory of the
United Sutes, by the filing of a certified copy of
their charter or certificate of incorporation; and
nothing herein contained shall be construed to pre-
vent the alienation of the title conveyed by a patent
for a mining claim to any person whatever.
Sec. 8. That the description of vein or lode claims,
upon surveyed lands, shall designate the location of
the claim with reference to the lines of the public
surveys, but need notconformtherewith; butwhere
a patent shall be issued as aforesaid for claims upon
unsurveyed lands, the surveyor general, in extend-
ing the surveys, shall adjust thesame to the bounda-
ries of such patented claim, according to the plat or
description thereof, but so as in no case to interfere
with or change the location of any such patented
claim.
Sec. 9. That sections one, two, three, four, and six
of an act entitled "An act granting the right of way
to ditch and canal-owners over the public lands, and
for other purposes," approved July &6, 1866, are
hereby repealed, but such repeal shall not affect
existing rights. Applications for patents for mining
claims now pending may be prosecuted to a final
decision in the General Land Office; but in such
cases where adverse rights are not affected thereby,
patents may issue in pursuance of the provisions of
this ant; and all patents for mining chums hereto-
fore issued under the act of July 26, 1866, shall con-
vey all the rights and privileges conferred by this
act where no adverse rights exist at the time of the
passage of this act.
Sec. 10. That the act entitled An act to amend
an act granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands, and for others pur-
poses," approved July 9,1870, shall be and remain
in full force, except as to the proceedings to obtain
a patent, which shall be similar to the proceedings
prescribed by sections six and seven of this act for
obtaining patents to vein or lode claims; but where
said placer claims shall be upon surveyed lands, and
conform to legal subdivisions, no further survey or
plat shall be required, and joint entries shall be al-
lowed for contiguous claims, as provided in said act;
but where said claims cannot be conformed to legal
subdivisions survey and plat shall be made* as on
unsurveyed lands; Provided, That proceeehngs now
pending may be prosecuted to their final determin-
ation under existing Jaws; but the provisions of this
act, when not in conflict With existing laws, shall
apply to such cases; Provided also, That where by
the segregation of mineral lands m any legal sub-
division a quantity of agricultural land less than
forty acres remains, said fractional portion of agri-
cultural land may be entered by any party quali-
fied by law for homestead or preemption purposes.
Sec. 11. That where the same person, association,
or corporation is in possession of a placer claim, and
also a vein or lode included within the boundaries
thereof, application shall be made for a patent for
the placer claim, with the statement that it includes
such vein or lode, and in such case (subject to the
provisions of this act and the act entitled "'An act
to amend an act granting the right of way to ditch
and canal owners over the public lands, and for
other purposes," approved July 9, 1870) a patent
shall issue for the placer claim, including such vein
or lode, upon the payment of five dollars per acre
for such vein or lode claim, and twenty-five feet of
surface on each side thereof. The remainder of the
placer claim, or any placer claim not embracing
any vein or lode claim, shall be paid for at the rate
of $2 50 per acre, together with all costs of proceed-
ings ; and where a vein or lode, such as* is described
in the second section of this act, is known to exist
within the boundaries of a placer claim, an appli-
cation for a patent for such placer claim which does
not include an application fortho vein or lode claim
shall be construed as a conclusive declaration that
the claimant of the placer claim has no right of pos-
session of the vein or lode claim ; but where the
existence of a vein or lode in a placer claim is not
known, a patent for the placer claim shall convey
all valuable mineral and other deposits within the
boundaries thereof.
Sec. 12. That the surveyor general of the United
States may appoint in each land district containing
mineral lands as many competent surveyors as shall
apply for appointment to survey mining claims.
The expenses of the survey of vein or lode claims,
and the survey and subdivision of placer claims into
smaller quantities th<\.n one hundred and sixty acres,
together with the cost of publication of notice,
shall be paid by the applicants, and they shall be at
liberty to obtain the same at the most reasonable
rates, and thoy shall also be at liberty to employ any
United States deputy surveyor to make the survey.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office shall
also have power to establish the maximum charges
for surveys and publication of notices under this
act; and, in case of excessive charges for publica-
tion, he may designate any newspaper published m
a. land district where mines arc situated for the pub-
lication of mining notices in such district, and fix
the rates to be charged by such paper; and, to the
end that the Commissioner may he fully informed on
the subject, each applicant shall file with the regis-
ter a sworn statement of ail charges andl'ees paid by
said applicant for publication and surveys, together
with all fees and money paid the register and the
receiver of the land office, which statement shall be
transmitted, with tho other papers in the case, to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. The fees
of the register and the receiver shall be five dollars
each for filing and acting upon each application for
patent or adverse claim filed, and they shall be
allowed the amount fixed by law for reducing testi-
mony to writing, when done in the land office, sueh
fees and allowances to bo paid by therespective par-
ties; and no other fees shall be charged by them in
such cases. Nothing in this act shall be construed
to enlarge or affect the rights of either party in
regard to any property in controversy at the time
of the passage of this act, or of the act entitled
"An act granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands and for other pur-
poses," approved July 26,1866, nor shall this act affect
any right acquired under said act; and nothing in
this act shall be construed to repeal, impair, or in
any way affect the provisions of the act entitled
"An act granting to A. Sutro the right of way and
other privileges to aid m the construction of adrain-
Ing and exploringtunnel to the Comstock lode, in
the State of Nevada," approved July 25, 1866.
Sec. 13. That all affidavits required to be made
under this act, or the act of which it is amendatory,
may be verified before any officer authorized to
administer oaths within the land distuct where
the claims may be situated, and sill testimony and
proofs may be taken before any such officer, and
when duly certified by the officer taking the same,
shall have the same forco and effect as if taken
before the register and the receiver of the iand
office. In cases of contest as to the mineral or
agricultural character of land, the testimony and
proofs may be taken as herein provided on per-
sonal noticc of at least ten days to the opposing
party; or if said party cannot be found, then by
publication of at least once a week for thirty days
in a newspaper, to be designated by the register of
the land office as published nearest to the location
of such land; and the register shad rcqune piouf
that sueh notice has been given.
Sec. 14. Tnat where two or more veins intersect
or cross eaca other, priouty of title shall govern,
and sueh prior location shall be entitled to all ore
or mineral contained within the space of intersec-
tion; Provided, however, That tho subsequent loea-
ticm shall have the right of way through said space
of intersection for the purposes of the convenient
working of the said mine: And provided also, That
where two or more veins unite, the oldest or prior
location shall take the vein below the point of
union, including all the space of intersection.
Sec. 15. That where non-mineral land not contig-
uous to the vein or lode is used or occupied by the
proprietor of such vein or lode for mining or milling
purposes, such non-adjacent surface ground may be
embraced and included in an application for a pat-
ent for such vein or lode, and the same may be pat-
ented therewith, subject to the same preliminary
requirements as to survey and notice as are applica-
ble under this act to veins or lodes: Provided. That
no location hereafter made of such non-adjacent
land shall cxceed five acres, and payment for the
same must be made at tho same rate as fixed by this
act for the superficies of the lode. The owner of a
quartz-mill or reduction-works, not owning a mine
in conneciion therewith} may also receive a patent
for his mill-site, as provided in this section.
Sec. 16. That all acts and parts of acts inconsist-
ent herewith are hereby repealed: Provided, That
nothing contained in this act shall bo construed to
impair, in any way, rights or interests in mining
property acquired under existing laws.
Mr. STEWAKT. There is no time this
morning for any one to explain the various
details of this bill, and I will not attempt to
do it. It is very important that it should be
passed. With the consent of the Senator who
reported the bill, I wish to state that in the
fiist instance miners legislated for themselves.
Congress finally in 180G passed a bill em-
bodying many of the principles of this bill,
and fro to that time to this the Land Office has
been operating under it, and for the last three
years we have been attempting to codify it and
bring it into a shape that will be satisfactory and
more certain and correct abuses. Last year
a bill was introduced here and passed which
was quite similar to this. A bill has passed
the House which is similar to the one that
was passed here last winter. Since its passage
by the House the Delegates from the Terri-
tories and those familiar with mining rules
have had a great many meetings over this bill
in connection with the Committee on Mines
and Mining, and the result is a codification,
which is the best they can do.
I believe it will meet with universal favor.
It is a very important bill to be passed to pre-
vent litigation and give certainty to mining
enterprises. It provides for a very large dis-
trict of country where there are important
interests dependent upon it which are now
in a very uncertain condition involving litiga-
tion. This is the best we can get with all the
experience we can biitig to bear. It is no one
man's work, but it is the work of a gieat many
men interested iu this business. I will not
stop to debate it.
Mr. COLE. 1 think some amendments ought
to be made. In line five of section one I
move to strikeout the words li and purchase,"
after a exploration."
Mr. STB WART. I think that is merely
verbal. That was stricken out, and then a
member of the House thought it had better be
inserted. The thing was discussed. There is
no change in the meaning, and I would not
amend it for that purpose.
Mr. COLE. I will say to the Senator that
there are some amendments which I have here.
I have no wish to interfere with the passage of
the bill, but I am representing a constituency
who are, in part at least, very much interested
in the subject of mining. It is my duty to look
to their interests in matters of this sort, aud I
cannot decline it. I am not so particular
about this first amendment, though I think the
wotds ought to be out, but for the present I
wili not press it.
In line four of section four I believe the
word "face" should be put in place of the
word " mouth."
Mr. $ I'E WAIIT. That amendment is made.
Mr. ALCOliN. It was made by consent of
the committee after the bill was printed.
Mr. COLE. Then in that same section I
c;ilI the attention of the Committee on Mines
and Mining to the fact that there is no limit
to a vein which ma\ be discovered by tunnel-
ing. The veins in either direction indefinitely
