2458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
would be the property of the discoverer under
this bill 
Mr. STEWART. It says "to the same
extent as if located on the surface."
Mr. CASSER.LY. It says "to the same
extent," in the sixth line.
Mr. COLE. "As if discovered from the
surface " What is the limit in discovery from
the surface?
Mr. STEWART. Fifteen hundred feet.
Mr. OOLE. That brings me to remark
about a provision on the second page of the
bill in reference to this fifteen hundred feet.
The bill that was enacted in 1860 limited the
amount of a vein which one person might
claim to two hundred feet. The discoverer
was entitled to two hundred feet more, and if
it was owned by a company each member of
the company could own the amount of two
hundred feet, so that if the company was com-
posed of half a dozen they could claim twelve
hundred feet, with two hundred additional feet
for the discoverer.
Mr. STEWART. Right in that connection
allow me to make an explanation of the change
that is made, because if we are to take up these
little amendments we had better dispose of
them as we go along. In the act of 18G6 it is
true the locator was confined to two hundred
feet, and two hundred feet additional for the
discoverer of the lode, making four hundred
feet. It allowed them lo unite in companies
until they got throe thousand feet. In prac
tical operation it is thought by the Delegates
generally, and that is the experience, that
three thousand feet is longer than can be worked
at one place conveniently, but fifteen hundred
feet makes a very reasonable claim. The
practice under the other law was for them to
put in fictitious names and buy them out, and
you could not prevent them doing it. This
matter was discussed considerably; we had
several meetings on this point, and the com-
mittee thought it was best to let them do di-
rectly what was reasonable, and not have tliem
do anything indirectly. It is a matter to which
i am not especially wedded, but it was the
result of three or four meetings of all the par-
ties interested as to which plan should be
adopted, and this was the one which was
selected.
Mr. COJjE. I have heard the Senator's
explanation, and it is not satisfactory to mo at
all, because I know by the rules of miners
claiming the mines upon these ledges for a
long time two hundred feet was the limit to
which they restricted each other, and to allow
persons now to obtain title, each individual lo
lifleen hundred feet upon a lode, is certainly a
very great leap forward. It is, in my judg-
ment, too much of an extension. [ will add
here that the original bill of 1866 restricted
even a company, no matter of how many it
might be composed, to three thousand feet.
_ Mr. STKWART. This restricts them to
fifteen hundred.
Mr. COLE. No, sir; each individual may
have fifteen hundred feet.
Mr. STEWART. Either a company or an
individual.
^ Mr. COLE. The language is, "a mining
eiaim located after the passage of this act,
wheth. r located by one or more persons, may
equal, but shall not exceed, fifteen hundred
feet in length along the vein or lode," and
any number may afterward combine.
Mr. STEWART. No matter how many put
in a claim, it is not to exceed that.
The VICJS PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California move to amend at this point?
Mr. COLE. I was going to move to restrict
it, to make it plain on the point to which I
referred, the fifteen hundred feet.
Mr. STEWART. That is plain enough.
Mr. COLE. But you allow every individual
to take up a claim of fifteen hundred feet.
ORDKR. OF BUSINESS
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
please suspend his remarks. The morning
hour has expired, and the deficiency appro-
priation bill is now before the Senate ; but it
is the duty of the Chair to remind the Senate
that to-day at one o'clock was set apart for
the oonsideration of bills reported from the
Committee on the District of Columbia. The
Chair will recognize the chairman of that com-
mittee in order to enable him to test the sense
of the Senate as to what they desire to go on
with to-day.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to say to the
Senate that the various railroad companies
have made matters so lively for the Committee
on the District of Columbia that they have not
been able to get quite ready all the business
they wanted to bring fonvard on the day set
apart for them, and therefore I have made an
arrangement, with the parties having in charge
the Australian steamship bill who have had
Thursday set apart for their use, to make an
exchange with me, giving me Thursday and
they taking to day. I suppose that will be
done perhaps by general consent, as both days
have been set apart. We are not quite ready
to go on to-day, and should be glad to have
that change made for our accommodation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To-day was set
apart for the consideration of bills reported
from the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, and Thursday for the consideration of the
Australian steamship bill. The Senator from
New Hampshire now asks that these assign-
ments may be changed for the reason he has
stated. Is there objection to that proposition?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I did not
hear the object of the change. I should like
to know why.
Mr. PAT PERSON. It is simply this : some
matters we did not anticipate have been thrown
before the District Committee. The railroad
companies have made it so lively for us for the
last three or four mornings that we have not
been able lo prepare all the bills which we
supposed we could report and have acted upon
to-day. In a word, we are not ready, and we
made an arrangement with the gentleman who
has in charge the Australian steamship bill
that he should have to-day and let us have
Thursday. That is all there is to it—a simple
exchange of days.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Is there
any probability of the District Committee
being ready on Thursday?
^ Mr. PATTERSON. We shall be ready on
Thursday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that change will be made. The
Chair hears no objection, and it is made. The
deficiency bill is before the Senate, but to day
is now assigned for the Australian steamship
bill, and the Chair will recognize the Senator
having that bill in charge to test the sense of
the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to postpone the
present and all prior orders and proceed to
the consideration of the Australian steamship
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
to have the deficiency bill either informally
passed over or laid on the table : and the Chair
is reminded that the Senator from Kentucky,
who had an amendment pending last eveniug,
[Mr. Stevenson,] is now sick ut his room, and
the other Senator from Kentucky is sick at his
home. An amendment relating to a Kentucky
claim was pending on the deficiency bill last
evening. The Senator from West Virginia
[Mr. Davis] is more conversant with the con-
dition of the Senator from Kentucky than the
Chair.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Kentucky
has sent the same word to me, and I leel
bound therefore not to call up the deficiency
bill, he being absent, and being a member of
the committee also.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 propose, then, that we
go on with the Australian bill. I have not the
bill in charge, but I helped to report the
bill from the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads last year aud this year. The
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
properly has it in charge; but as he has the
appropriation bills to take care of, I consented
to call up the Australian bill, which has been
postponed from time to time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands there is no objection to laying the
deficiency bill on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is objection. I
wish to inquire if the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appmpriatious is going to lay aside
an appropriation bill to take up a subsidy
bill on a day not assigned for it? It seems to
me quite enough to lay aside appropriation
bills for bills that are regularly assigned for
days ; but "here is a bill that does not belong
to this day.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will hear me a moment, I will repeat
what I said awhile ago. The pending ques-
tion on the appropriation bill relates to a mat-
ter in which Kentucky is particularly inter-
ested. The Senator from that Slate, the only
one now occupying a seat here, sends word
that he is sick aud confined to his house under
the care of a doctor, and he is very anxious
that I shall not proceed with that bill until he
can be present.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not my business to
take care of the appropriation bills. I do not
know that it, is anybody's.
The VICE PRESJ DENT. The Chair under-
stands that the appropriation bill is laid on the
table. No objection being made, and this day
having been assigned by the order of the Seu-
ate to the Australian steamship bill, that, bill
is now before the Senate.
Mr. S I'E WART. Is the steamship bill
now up
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now up.
Mr. STEWART. Then I move to lay it
on the table until we can finish this mining
bill, or rather 1 will ask that it, be laid aside
informally for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada asks that the regular order be inform-
ally passed over for the purpose of continu-
ing the consideration of House bill No. 1016,
to promote the development, of the mining
resources of the United States.
Mr. RAMSEY. How long will that bill
require ?
Mr. STEWART. Five or ten minutes.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
the steamship bill being laid aside informally
subject to be called ui> at any time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be sub-
ject to be called up at any time on the demand
of any Senator if the mining bill should give
rise to a prolonged debate.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Vi rginia. I wish to
understand the condition of the appropriation
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is on the table,
and will remain there until called up by a vote
of the Senat e.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Vuginia. 1 hope it
will not be called up until one of the Senators
from Kentucky is present.
The VIC« PRESIDENT. It has been laid
on the table in consequence of the absence of
the Senator from Kentucky, and it will require
a formal vote to take it up.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN .VXD liEKKKKJ®.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
_ Ordered, That the papers on t.he hies ol the Senate
in the matter relating to the Norton post-marlting
and postage-canceling mncbinc be re I erred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Koads.
PJUNTINQ OP AMENDMENTS.
_ Mr. CORBE IT submitted an amendment
intended t.o bo proposed to the bill (S. No.
383) extending the time for the selection of
swamp and overflowed lands in Oregon under
act of Congress approved March 12, 1860;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. COItBETT. I also submit an amend-
