THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
before of a. man being attached for. contempt
without a return by the proper officer of the
circumstances which constitute the alleged act
of contempt. Whether you may verify that
return by the affidavit of a ministerial officer
who executed the writ is a totally different
thing; but to say that an attachment for con-
tempt can issue without a return, and simply
on an affidavit, is something that I think iny
honorable friend from Pennsylvania would be
slow to aver in a court of justice. There must
be a return first, although that may be verified
by affidavit;, but an affidavit without a return,
X think, would be something unusual.
Mr. SCOTT. I simply wish to say to my
friend from Delaware that he will remember
the Subpena itself is returned with the accom-
panying affidavit of the deputy who served it.
It is not the case of coming into court to prove
the service without producing the writ; the writ
is here returned, not with a technical return
upon it by the Sergeant-at-Arms, but with the
affidavit of the officer who executed it.
Mr. BAYARD. What the Senator is pleased
to call the technical return of the Sergeant-at-
Arms is- the only return that can be called
a return in this case. But, Mr. President,
although I think the point of iny colleague is
well taken, I prefer to base my opposition to
this resolution upon broader grounds. When
this resolution first came before the Senate the
honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tijurman]
drew the attention of the Senate, as I consid-
ered its attention for the first time had been
drawn to the language of the resolution raising
the committee and the question whether there
was under that resolution authority for a sub-
committee to take testimony and exercise the
same powers that the committee of twenty-one,
the joint committee, could do upon that subject.
1 cannot improve upon what he said; perhaps
I would only mar his argument by attempting
to restate it. I do think, however, it was a
demonstration, plainly made upon a critical
examination of the language of the resolution,
that no such power existed in the sub-com-
mittee at all. I equally believe that if the
power had been asked originally by the sub-
committee, the language of the resolution would
have been altered so as to give it. I believe
that, as a matter of fact, it was the intention
of the Senate to endow the sub-committees with
the same powers as the general committee for
the purposes of investigation.
We have seeii since that, in the case of an-
other committee on which I have been placed,
and which was sent to New York, that the
language giving it authority to go there to
exercise the powers intrusted to the commit-
tee in Washington was expressly adopted, for
cautionary reasons, by Senators by whom this
subjecthad been considered. The motion was
made, 1 believe, by my friend from Pennsyl-
vania himself. He saw that there was a ques-
tion, and perhaps he saw that there was much
more than a question; that there was a dis-
tinct want of authority 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
ask the Senator from Delaware to pause. The
morning hour has expired. The special order
for to day is the amnesty bill, which is now
before theSenate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe I
had the floor on Friday by unanimous con-
sent, and by unanimous consent the appor-
tionment bill was to be acted upon on Saturday
and disposed of at four o'clock on that day.
I suppose, in order to carry out that agree-
ment, the apportionment bill will come up this
morning and the amnesty bill will go over
informally until to-morrow morning. I there-
fore move that the latter be passed over inform-
ally in order that the unanimous agreement of
the Senate may be carried- out, a3 this is the
next legislative day after Friday.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from -Vermont states that the understanding
was that the apportionment bill should be
taken up on Saturday. " Saturday," however,
does not occur in the conversation which has
been reported, and, as usual, with very great
accuracy and precision, by the reporters for
the Globe. The Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Anthony] was iti the chair at the time,
and the understanding of the Senate, unani-
mously agreed to, was that the vote should be
taken on the apportionment bill "to-morrow
at four o'clock," and this is the legislative "to-
morrow " from Friday, as there was no session
on Saturday and of course none upon Sunday;
but Senators, as they understand very well, are
to enforce their own unanimous agreements,
and the amnesty bill bein^ the special order is
now called up by the Presiding Officer. There
is, however, the parliamentary understanding
that on the next legislative day after Eriday
last the vote was to be taken on the apportion-
ment bill at four o'clock, unless, as the Senator
from New York [Mr. Conkung] suggested,
the debate should terminate earlier. The only
dissentient from that was the Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Flanagan,] who asked that the
agreement Should be made specifically for
Monday, but withdrew his objection at the
suggestion of the Senator from Illinois, and
agreed with the other Senators in naming
"to-morrow," which is to-day, the parliament-
ary " to-morrow " from Friday. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] has asked that
the amnesty bill be postponed informally, and
that the apportionment bill be taken up.
Mr. SCOT I\ I do not wish to antagonize
measures, but I wish to ask the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Moriull,] who isentitled
to the floor, to allow me for one moment to
call attention to the position of this resolution,
so that it may be disposed of soon. It will be
remembered that when it was up before, the
Senator from Ohio appealed to me to post-
pone it until the Senator from Delaware, and
his colleague on the committee, could both
be present. I did postpone it for that reason.
The Senator froiu Delaware is now present,
and informs me that he expects to be taken
from here by duties assigned him by the Sen
ate, in the course of a day or two, and I am
exceedingly anxious that this resolution should
not be in the way of other business, and wish
to have it disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would will-
ingly consent to the suggestion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, but I do not consider it
fair, as some of the Senators were disappointed
in not having the apportionment bill disposed
of on Saturday. There are several Senators
who desire to discuss the apportionment bill,
and I do not think there is any more than
time enough left for that discussion between
now and four o'clock.
OHDEH OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina objects to passing over the
amnesty bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
to lay it on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to say a word.
Mr. MOliRILL, of Vermont. I yield to
the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY. As to the arrangement on
Friday, I will say that I was clearly of the im-
pression that the understanding -was of the
character which seems now, from what the
Chair has said, to be part of the record of the
Senate, that on "to-morrow," being the next
business day, the apportionment bill would
be considered. I then moved an adjournment
over until Monday with that understanding. I
have no doubt the Senate acted in that view.
In that aspect of the case, I trust the appor-
tionment bill may be taken up.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I wish to make the
statement that on Thursday last, by unanimous
consent, the amnesty bill was laid over until
one o'clock on Monday. That time having
arrived, I insist upon its being taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now up.
Mr. ROBERTSON. By unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But it is subject
now to the action of the Senate. There are
two subjects set down by unanimous consent
for to-day on account of the absence of Satur-
day's session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
lay the pending bill on the table, as the Sen-
ator from South Carolina objects to passing it
over. It would go over informally and come
up to-morrow as a matter of course; but if
the Senator from South Carolina objects, I
move to lay it on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator
from South Carolina. to allow it to go over
informally. I think that would be the best
way of harmonizing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope no motion is to
be made this morning to violate another unan-
imous consent. The Chair read but a part of
what occurred on Friday. I consider it due
to myself, in consequence of what occurred
Friday last, to call the attention of the Senate
for a moment to the facts. The Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] had asked to have
the apportionment bill go over till the next
day for the purpose of allowing him to submit
some remarks upon it. That we may know
exactly what occurred, I will read from the
Globe after that suggestion was made:
" Mr. Trumbull. I feel embarrassed by the ap-
peal of the Senator from Vermont. I think it is
asking a great deal of the Senate, on a bill of this
kind to insist on its going over; but I submit this,
by bis permis&ion: if theSenate will agree to take
the vote at some hour to-morrow, let the bill then
go over until to-morrow, and let us take the vote at
some hour agreeable to the Senate, and let it be
understood that we will take the vote to-morrow,
and dispose of it. I suggest that we take the vote
to-morrow at four o'clock.
" Mr. Ramsey. Say Monday at four o'clock.
" Mr. Trumbull. No; the bill ought to pass this
week. If there be no objection I suggest that we
proceed to vote on the bill and amendments at four
o'clock to-morrow.
" Mr. Edmitndk. Say five.
" Several Senators. Say three o'clock.
"Mr. Trumbull. Four o'clock, unless we get
through with the discussion eavlier.
"The Presiding Officer. The Senator from Uli-
noisproposes that by unanimous consent it shall be
agreed to commence voting an the amendments to
this bill to-morrow at four o'clock."
Some other suggestions were then made,
and an objection interposed. Passing over
those suggestions and objection, the Presiding
Officer then says:
"The objection is withdrawn. It is thon ordered
that at four o'clock to-morrow the Senate will com-
mence voting upon the amendments to this bill
without farther debate."
The Chair will see that the question did
arise as to Saturday. It was mentioned, and
the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,]
while this conveTsation was taking place, -
objected to fixing Saturday, and asked that
the bill should go over until Monday. That,
however, was yielded, and the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate was obtained to proceed
with the bill the next day.
Having had charge of the apportionment
bill, and spoken somewhat at length upon it
in the early part of the day, after remaining in
my seat between four and five hours, I left the
Senate Chamber. Subsequently, the following
final report of its proceedings appears in the
Globe: .
"Mr. Ramsey. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
" The motion was agreed to."
That appears to have been the last action
taken in this body in open session during that
day of Friday. Among honorable men I
know of no more disreputable act than a
breach of faith. It is due to the Senate, how-
ever, that I should say, inasmuch as its char-
acter for honor and courtesy is affected by this
transaction, that I have been informed that
