1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
That was in 1829, but the Government had
been in operation forty years, and up to that
time such a thing as a removal of an officer for
a political reason was almost wholly .unknown.
''The time came, however, when American poli-
ticians adopted the war cry, 'To the victors belong
the spoils/ and wo have to confess with shame that
its effect upon our politics was the same as tho cry
of 'Beauty and hooty' upon an army entering a
captured city." ** + ***•*
" There have always been in Congress many men
of elevated character and purposes, who have made
a strictly conscientious use of their power and influ-
ence. Tho country would lonffbince have gone to ruin
if this had not been so. Bat there has also been a
larger and growing clnas who have deliberately used
their position and its influence solely to retain their
seats and further their purposesof personal ambition.
This class of persons has gradually come to regard
as tbeir personal appanage an aliquot part of the
public offices, equal to tbe proportion of one to tne
whole number oi Congressmen, and have declared
themselves robbed of their rights if it was not fully
accorded to them. They have used this patronage
systematically and avowedly to retain their own
places and strengthen themselves in their several
districts or States. For this purpose, it has been
manifestly noces-ary to treat a rival or an opponent
withm their own party as if he belonged to the
opposing organization."
The former Secretary then proceeds to give
a particular case, illustrating the truth of what
he says:
" Runningdown the scale of honor and importance
of pUces, we find everywhere among self-seeking
men tho same eagerness to use the power they have
to perpetuate their tenure of official lito. Syco-
phancy, adulation, bribery, and all thereat ot the
loathsome catalogue of political vices, thicken as we
descend till wo roach the ' rough' doing the ballot-
stuffing or the curbstone fighting for his party, and
making hibgains by ste.Uing the money he has re-
ceived from some candidate to 'tr^at5 the inde-
pendent voters who may bo bought with a dram of
whtaky.
" From top to bottom, the whole class of politi-
cum* who avow the purpose of keoping up 'the
party' by the appeal to the selfish desires for placo
aud profit aie bound together by lliocommon inter-
est or tho'ms' to keep themselves in aud to keep
all others out. The term 'log-rolling:' has passed
into our political vocabulary, because it so exactly
describes tho trading politician's action on the prin-
ciple of 'help my scheme and I'll help yours.' A
corrupting distribution of patronago is the natural
andalmosi iueviublo result of tho common purpose
of officeholders to preserve their places ; and ii wo
ouco adunt that a President may use his appointing
power as a party machine, or to influence his own
reelection, an inexorable logic carriu u  to tho con-
clusion that it is admissible :md proper for a Con-
gressman to u-o his share of the patronage in tho
uaino vv.iv, and lo perpetuaic his poivor by (ho ostra-
cism ol' every independent and sell-rchpcoUncr man
in his dhsuiet; while iho whole la^or and influence
ot the Government is given to the oircie of obsequi-
ous fO'lowers, who arc prompt to wheel or f.teewtien
they receive the order from their commander. It is
beginning to be apparent that the American people
think this is not the style of government they bar-
gamed for either in 1776 or m 1861.
"Any one who reflects for a mouientupon the nat-
ural workings ot cunningseitisbness will comprehend
how, out of the common puipo«e to keep themselves
in power, which rules tho professional politieians,
has grown the custom oi levying assessments upon
officeholders of all grades. 'The party'has come,
in the mam, to mean nothing but the organized
company ot plucemcn. Levies may bo made upon
the general public for votes, and a popular demand
for any reform which docs not toutfh tho ofliceis
may be zealously or even vociferously supported.
It is the prune characteristic of tho true politician
to out-ilerod Ueiod in that way, otherwise tho hon-
est voters eould not be led with success."
i- ! Y ■<
u The fimiej-son of a subordinate, tborcfore.is that
he owes his place to influence. Second, that if he
would preserve his place he must recognize and do
homage to that influence. Third, that he must
never let any sense of duty to tho public interfere
with the plans and puipose^ of tlio&e upon wiiose
influence he is dependent, fourth, that in the in-
t erests of his leaders ho mast do and pay what he is
Lid, and ask no questions."
That ia the system which the Senator from
"Wisconsin wautsto know what the difficulty is
with.
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to know yet.
Mr. TIt CLUB (ILL. I hope the Senator is
listening.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am listening, but do
not get any information.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "The first lesson of
a subordinate is that he owes his place to
iuduencp."
Mr. CARPENTER. What of that? Does
not copy just as well? Does lie not do his
duty? Does he get too much pay? Is he not
necessary?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will show the Sena-
tor directly that he does not do his duty so
well.
" Out of this kind of education comes the willing-
ness to pay assessments on salaries without rebel-
lion."
In speaking of the contribution thus made,
ay it is sometimes called, but really the tax
that is laid on the officeholder for partisan
purposes, this witness says :
"To liken this to the voluntary contribution to a
fund in the hands of a committee of our own choice,
is a simple addition of insult to injury; and when
to these facts is added the other, that it is generally
believed and understood that the object of one of
the most important of these committees is to secure
the reelection^ of the present Congressmen of their
party, an'd is in fact as far as possible a mutual as-
surance society for the preservation of place, the
climax of the abuse of patronage has been capped.
It becomes simply a machine for preventing a free
representation of the people.
"It matters little what the law may be as to the
qualification, if the law-makers and the Executive
have a common interest in reducing tho statute to a
dead letter. Thus there has been a law in existence
many years directing that candidates for clerkships
in the Departments should bo subjected to a pre-
liminary examination as to their intellectual com-
petence. Yet this law from its very onactment has
been habitually disregarded, or the form of an ex-
amination under it made tho veriest farce. Instances
are told in the Departments of the sum total of the
examination consisting of a smglo question, such as
'Whatdid you have for breakfast?' <>r 'Who rec-
ommended you for appointment?' or 'Wherewould
vougo to get your pny at the end of the month?'
Nor arc these fanciful burlesques; they are simply
extreme instances of a laxity s o general that it may
bo fairly said that an examination has hardly ever
stood in the way of the appointment of a person
recommended 'mfluentially.'"
Mr. CARPENTER. Now. if my friend will
pei initnie u single sentence, I will give him some
information, something that I believe. I ask
the Senator if he wants to vote himself and
have me vote with him to appropriate $50,000
to continue that system of examinations?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not euch as that; but
1 wns sorry to learn from tlie Senator from
New Jersey the other day that the system of
examination in the Departments here had been
suspended. 1 want a fair examination :
M If a politician has of right a certain number of
clerkships assigned him as his share, it requires a
very littlo addition to the theory to give himcom-
plctecontiul of the question of capacity and fitness."
Mr. FR KLIN GHUYSli N. I simply wish
to say that, the Senator from Illinois misunder-
stood me in saying that the examination had
been suspended in the Departments. My state-
ment was that, some of these rules had beeu
lound impracticable and had been suspended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stand corrected. I
think myself it would be very difficult to en-
force some of the rules.'
We now come to the information the Senator
from Wisconsin wanted:
~ "Such has been practically the result, and the
Departments have been rnado the asylum for the
worthless and incompetent dependents ol persons
'of influence,' who have often received their pay
without giving any return l'or it, bocauso tho bead
of the division or bureau eould not, intrust them
with tho simplest clerical duty. This has often
extended to eases in which tbe grossest and most
offensive immoralities have been shielded and pro-
tected by that personage, so potential in Washing-
ton, ' the member from his district.'"
That sfciows that incompetent and worthless
persons are put into office.
"A very slight familiarity
Remember this comes from a man who
acted as Secretary of one of your Departments
under this Administration.
Mr. CARPBN 1'Blt. And made no com-
plaint of the existing system until he was
turned out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes he did, and tried
to correct it:
"A very slight familiarity with the Departments
is enough to convince any candid person "—
Now, I hope the Senator from Wisconsin
will hear this testimony, for it is directly on
the point as to which he is seeking for inform-
ation :
"A very slight familiarity with the Deparlments
is enough to convince any candid person that a
minority of really competent officers are doing the
work, obstructed, trammeled, and burdened often-
times with the necessity of performing over again
the work of tbe incompetents, who are prompt in
nothing but their appearance at the pay-table at
the end of the month."
There is a direct assertion on the authority
of a gentleman in a position to know, a gen-
tleman of unimpeached character, of irre-
proachable reputation, who says the work is
performed by a minority, impeded and ha-
rassed and embarrassed by the majorily being
in their way. I hope the Senator from Wis-
consin now has a fact upon which he can help
us to reform the civil service system.
Mr. POMBROY. I can state one fact to
the Senator about that Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no doubt the
Senator can state a great many. Does he
mean to controvert what this witness says?
Mr. POME ROY. Mr. Cox?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. He found great diffi-
culty, it seems, in turning anybody out. His
successor in four months turned out sixty-eight
incompetents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This witness says, fur-
ther:
" Under any reasonably efficient system promotion
ought to mean recognition of merit and capacity.
Yet instance after instance could be given in which
heads of bureaus have declared that the greatest
obstacle in the way of inspiring tbe clerical lorco
with new energy was the fact that the higher places
were filled by incompetents, who bad been appointed
and retained only by superior 'influence.
Mr. President, I-will not read more from
this testimony, nortake up Ike time of the Sen-
ate longer in exposing the corruptions aud
abuses existing in our present civil seivice
system. I think I have read enough to satisiy
even the Senator from Wisconsin that some
reform is necessary. What it ahull be, is
another question ; but how does the Senator
propose to meet it? He begins by casting an
imputation upon Secretary Cox. He says he ,
made no complaint till he was turned out. I
suppose that lie was not able to correct abnsps
although he made astruygle to introduce relorm
into the Interior Department; and this is the
way tiiat an attempt is made ail the nine 10
prevent the correction of abuses aud 10 pi event
reform it will always be so. You never can
propose a reform of any existing abuse without,
beingassailed by those who are tie efited by the
abuse, and one of the means of making the
assault is to attack those who expose the cor-
ruption, as if that was any answer to the (act
that corruption existed. The Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] indulged largely in
this the other day in reference to myself, and
gave as an excuse for it that lie had been as-
sailed and that his motives had been aitacked.
But he cannot, be permitted to cover his
assault upon me under any such assertion as
that. I attacked the system as I have been
attacking it to-day. I spoke of the abuses of
hanging around the ante rooms of the Presi-
dent and the Secretaries, and so Mr Cox tes-
tifies is Ihe fact. In doing this I made no
attack upon the Senator from Indiana, or any
other particular individual. I spoke of the
system ; of the same facts that are detailed
here by the former Secretary of the Interior,
and the Senator from Indiana immediately fol-
lowing me, as soon as I had taken my seat,
made an assault upon me in which he charged
me with importuningfor office, and stated that
he had seen a tabulated statement by which it
appeared that I had made one hundied and
three recommendations for office during the
present Administration.
But he said he would not have referred to
it if his motives bad not been assailed, The
Senator was mistaken when he supposed that
his motives any more than the motives of
everybody else had been assailed by me.
When I referred to what I regarded as a very
pitiful, small—I was about to say contempt-
ible—business, this prowling around the De-
partments to ascertain how many recommend-
ations had been made by a particular Senator,
tho Senator says he did not do that; and that
