4250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2800) authorizing
the construction of a public building at Phila-.
delphia, Petinsyslvama, for the use of the post
office and United States courts in said city.
Mr. THURMAN. I know that the Senator
from Illinois who is not now in his seat [Mr.
Tbumbui.l] desires to speak on this subject.
There are a number of these bills, I do not
know how many of them, and they appropri-
ate a very large sum of money and they involve
another principle 
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Ohio
.permit me to say that the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] has expressed to mo his
desire that the bill should pass? He is a
member of the committee that reported it.
Mr. THUliMAN. If that is the case I have
nothing to say.
Mr. SCOTT. Here he is now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In regard to this bill
the Senator from Pennsylvania desired to get
it up the other day, and in the effort to get up
different bills it so happened that a bill which
I had in charge interfered with it. 1 do not
know particularly about this bill. I merely
wished to get out of the way of the Senator
from Pennsylvania so that he could get his bill
up. I believe it has met the approbation of
the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, though I was not present at the
meeting.
Mr. THURMAN. There is one feature of
this bill, and 1 believe it is in a number'of
such bills, that it does seem has hardly been
considered as much as it ought to be. It re-
quires, as 1 understand) that the State of
Pennsylvania shall relinquish her jurisdiction
over the soil on which the post office is to be.
H'that is to be the case, if in the ease of eveiy
public building of the Federal Government in
the cilies of the United States there is to be a
relinquishment of Stale jurisdiction over the
soil on which the building is, we have so many
St. Gileses in our cities, places of refuge for per-
sona offending againstUie laws of the Stales. It
strikes me as a very singular thing that there
should be a spot of ground in the heart of a
city, as a post otlice site ought, to be, or a cus-
tom-house site or the like ought to be, in which
no crime committed is an oil'ouse against the
Ktate, in which no crime can he punished by
the State, hut that the jurisdiction is to bo
solely in the Federal (iovuruiiient. 1 am
aware that this provision has been put in other
bills; but I am inclined to think it has been
done very improvideutly.
Furthermore, how is the State to cede its
jurisdiction? I suppose the United States
will have jurisdiction where the State assents
to the purchase by the Oem-riil Government
of laud for auy of the uses provided for in the
Constitution. Then, as a matter of course,
by force of the Constitution, the jurisdiction
of the United Stales is exclusive. But it be-
comes a very serious question whether or not
that ought to be exercised m that way and so
many Ab.atias or places of refuge be made in
our great cities for this purpose. I throw out
these suggestions for consideration.
The Constitution ot itself, undoubtedly, if
the State gives its consent to Hie purchase for
any one ot the needlul buildings referred to in
the ConRtitrtion—and 1 am inclined to think a
J tost office comes within that class—mal.es the
jurisdiction of Congress exclusive. I grant
that; there is no denying it, mid not only so,
but it cannot be otherwi.se. Congress cannot
surrender the jurisdiction. But whether it is
advisable for us to go on purchasing sites for
post offices and custom-houses and the like,
and having so many spots in all the large cities
of the country that are withdrawn from State
jurisdiction altogether, is a matter that seems
to me worthy of serious consideration. How-
ever, if this lull has received everybody's ap-
probation. and there is a necessity for it, I
shall uot inteipose objections now.
Mr. SCOTT. The bill has received the
approbation of the House of Representatives,
it has passed the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds of the Senate, and there is
absolute necessity for the purchase of ground
and the erection of a new building. If I were
disposed to take up the time of the Senate
with the statistics, i could sbow that the ac-
commodations in the present postoffice build
ing are utterly inadequate for the business,
and that the surplus revenue of the office in
that city will pay the whole prospective appro-
priation under this bill in five years.
As to the objection of the Senator from
Ohio, it is simply a question whether Congress
will now depart from the policy, which bus
been adhered to for many years, requiring a
cession of jurisdiction from the States in all
cases where property has been purchased for
Government purposes. I trust that there will
be no further objection and that the bill will
now pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DKl'UTLKS 01' COURT CLKKKS.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the Senate to take
up a bill that passed the House and is reported
by the Judiciary Committee without amend-
ment, and 1 think there can be no objection to
it. It is Ilonse bill No. 1758, to authorize the
appointment of deputies of clerks of circuit
and district courts.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the hill. It provides that a deputy or
deputies of anycleik of any court of the Uni-
ted States may be appointed by such court
upon the application of the clerk, and be re-
movable at the pleasure of the court; and the
compensation of any such deputy shall be paid
by the clerk ; and in case of the death of' the
clerk, his deputy or deputies shall, unless re-
moved by the judge, continue in office and
perform the duties of the clerk, in his name,
until Iiis successor be duly appointed and
qualified; and for the defaults or misfeasances
in office of any sueh deputy, whether in tho
lifetime of the clerk or after his death, the,
clerk and his estate .and the sureties in his
official bond shall he liable, and his executor
or administrator shall have such remedy for
any such defaults or misfeasances committed
after his death as the clerk would be entitled
to if the same had occurred in his lifetime.
The I)i 1.1 was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
KTAKIi' DKPAKTMENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment, of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 900) to repeal
so much of section six of an act making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1870, and for other
purposes, approved March 3, 1800, as pro-
hibits promotions in the staff departments of
the Army.
The amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives were to strike out lines six, seven,
eight, and all of line nine to and including the
word "the also to strike out lrom the word
"and," in line nine, to the word " depart-
ment, ''in line ten, both included; also to strike
out,after the word "repealed," m line eleven,
to and including the word " and," in line thir-
teen; and in line thirteen to strike out the
word "also."
Mr. WILSON. I move to non-concur in
the amendments, and ask for a committee of
conference.
The motion was agreed to; and the con-
ferees were ordered to be appointed by the
Vice President.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not wish to be on the
conference committee. The bill wasincharge
of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Ames.]
NKW MKX1CO AND GCLIf RAILWAY.
The bill (tl. It. No. 2956) to authorize the
building of the New Mexico and Gulf railway,
and for other purposes, was read twice by its
title. *"
Mr. SPRAGUE. This bill has already
passed the Public Lands Committee, and it is
the only measure that has had favorable con-
sideration on tho part of New Mexico Terri-
tory. It is the only communication out from
Santa Fe to the East, and it is about as im-
portant for the Government of the United
States as it is for the people. It is a road to
be built by the people about Santa Fe. It is
very necessary and very important. 1 trust the
bill will be passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think bills of that
character had better go to a committee. It
can be reported to morrow.
Mr. POMEKOY. We reported a similar
bill last session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I caunot help that.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it lie on the table.
The bill was ordered to lie on the table.
LETTERS ROGATORY.
The bill (II. R. No. 2959) to regulate the
taking of testimony in certain cases was read
twice by its title.
Mr. OASSEliLY. That bill has special
reference to the isr-uing of letters rogatory to
take testimony from countries that have the
civil law. I introduced a bill exactly the
same early in the session, and it was referred
to the Judiciary Committee. I have had the
opportunity of speaking but to the chairman
ol that committee, and I understand he has
no objection to the passage of this bill, which
has come from the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it ought to be
referred.
Mr. CASSERLY. I prefer to let it lie on
the table. 1 think I can satisfy the Senator.
The bill was ordered to lie on the table.
HOUSE BILLS ItKFKRKKD.
The bill (H. R. No. 2680) creating an addi-
tional land district in the Territory of Arizona
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. H. No. 2067) to remove the
political disabilities of George S. Houston,
Joseph Wheeler, John A. Campbell, James L.
Pugli, and John R. Burtwell, of Alabama, was
read twice by its title, and referied to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
TERRITORIAL CHAKTEliS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the bill (H. R. No. 2633) amendatory
of an act approved March 2, 1867, entitled
"An act amendatory of an act to provide a
temporary government, for the Territory of
Montana," approved May 26, 1861, returned
from the House of Representatives pending
the motion ol Mr. Casserly to reconsider the
vote on its passage ; and it was ordered to lie
on the table.
QKNERAL ANDBBSOx'a WIDOW.
Mr. HOWE. A short time since a bill
came from the House of Representatives (II.
R. No. 2870) to increase the pension of Mrs.
General Anderson, and it was refeired to the
Committee on Pensions. I understand from
the chairman of that committee that there is
a large amount of business before them, and
that it will be probably impossible for them to
g"ve consideration to that bill during this ses-
sion ; and, as owing to the peculiar circum-
stances in which that family is left, it is very
desirable that there should be some relief pro-
vided, I ask unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate that the Committee on Pensions be dis-
charged from further consideration of that
bill, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affaire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made. The Chair
i hears no objection.
