3354
THE CON"GBESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
present law, are drawing $240 a year. The
increase per year to these will be $158,640.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator state
■what description of persons come within the
second class ?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir. Those belonging
to the second class are the soldiers and sailors
■who have lost both feet or one hand and one
foot. The number of these persons is six
hundred and sixty-one, and under the present
law they are drawing pensions at the rate of
$'240 a year. This bill increases that rate
twenty per cent., making the sum total of the
increase $158,640.
The third class embraces those who lost one
hand or one foot, and by the present law they
draw pensions at the rate of fifteen dollars a
month. This bill increases that rate to
eighteen dollars a month, just twenty per
cent., and the sum tola! of the increase which
lliis bill allows {o all the persons drawing pen-
sions belonging to these three different grades
is $600,064 80. The third class, embracing
those who have lost one hand or one foot, is
large. It, amounts to filtoen thousand and
sixty. Under the present law they are draw-
ing but fifteen dollars per month, or $180 a
year This bill increases the pension to eighteen
dollars a month. The sum total, as 1 have
already said, is a fraction above six hundred
thousand dollars per year. Does that answer
the inuuirv of iny friend froiu Minnesota?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is any duty which
is more unpleasant than another it is to object
to a bill for the relict of the cla«s of persons
described in this bill. But, sir, our pension
list is now larger than that of any nation in
the world. Our rates of pension are higher
than have ever been grained in'this or any
OJhcr country before. The amount, proposed
by I his innoeen L hill is (uily $000,000, to lust a
number of you*. Intimating the aveiage of
pi'imiouci s' lives at ten years, it would be
$6,000,000. The individual relief will he but
bin all.
1 simply wish to remind Senators that we
have dating flits session, unconsciously, in
bills of just, this character, increased the ex-
penses ol tiie Government about live million
dollars a year, as near as 1 can find out. We
have already extended (he jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims by our refusal to limit the
Operation of the decision of the Supreme
Coutt, and in other quiet ways we have in-
creased the expenses ot the Government, lully
$5,000,000. This is $000,000 more. I dis-
like to deny to any individual pensioner the
increase granted by this bill: but our prudent
pension law was carefully framed, and higher
rales wen; given ihan were ever given before,
and given at, a time when money was much less
valuable than u is now j und I have at lea^t the
disposition and delei rnmat.ion to vote against
this increase, although it may be a very un
gracious and very unsatisfactory duty to per-
form.
Mr. PRATT, The testimony before the
committee was very satisfactory that it was
utterly impossible for these unfortunate people,
who have lost their sight or lost then* hmbs,
to live upon the meagie pension which ihe
present law gives them, and complaints against
the law have come up from every part of the
country. The highest rate of pension allowed
to those who arc totally disabled is $300
a_ year, and most ol the persons whom this
bill will relieve are men ol families. It is
not only their support, but the support of
their wives and children that is involved in
the provisions of this bill. The committee
were very slow to act upon these complaints,
but the evidence was so overwhelming of the '
insufficiency of ihe present pensions to support j
these persons totally disabled that they leU it ]
tilt ir duty to lecoramend to the Senate an '
increase of the present rates of twenty per ^
cent. (
Mr. THURMAN. I was out of the Senate
when the bill was taken up, and I should like
to hear it read again. I suppose it is a short
bill.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Indiana where he got his
statistics showing what number of persons
would fall within the provisions of this act,
and whether those statistics are entirely reli-
able?
Mr. PLATT. I will state to the honorable
Senator from Ohio that I obtained my sta-
tistics at the Pension Bureau. I have a letter
from the Commissioner of Pensions, the sub-
stance of which I have already communicated
to the Senate, in which the precise number of
persons in each giade is given and the sum
total of the pensions paid to them under the
existing Jaw.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to my colleague
to send that letter up to the desk and have it
read.
Mr. PRATT. I will send the letter to the
Secretary's desk and ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Pension Office,
"Washington, D. (j., May 4,1872.
Sin: I have thohonor to acknowledge tho rcceipt
of yours ot the 3d instant, nMuo^tnur to be informed
of the amount paid to that class of pensioners
enumerated in section one of the act of June 0,
18(30, during the fiscal year ending Juno 30, 1871.
which is as follows:
The number on the rolls ot tho first fa'rade is five
hundred and mncty-six, at $J0Q per year,
paid  S17S.8U0
The number on I he roils ot tho second grade
i  six hundred and sixty-one, at $210 per
year, paid  153,610
The number on tho rolls ot the third grado
is httcon thousand and sixty, at $180 per
year, paid  2,710,800
Total amount paid for ono yoar $3,013,210
I am, vory respectfully, your obedtent * < rv.iui,
J. 1I.15AKEK,
Hon. D. !). Pratt. comm,sooner.
United StulcuScnnfr, Committee oil Pension*.
Mr. L II UltMAN. Uhn.t, giv^s tiie informa-
tion 1 wanted. Tho total increase, as 1 under-
stand it. is aboutseven hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. PRAT 1\ No, sir; a fraction over
$000,000, less that $001,000.
Mr. THURMAN. I thought the Senator
said $(>95,000.
Air. Pit AT 1'. Oh, no, sir; a fraction over
$000,000.
Air. TUULtMAN. I made this inquiry not
in the way ot opposition to the bill, although 1
concur in much that was said by my colleague,
but it is impossible to vote against such a bil
as this, and 1 only wished lo lie informed in
icgaid to it. [ shall vote lor the bill.
Mr. SUKRMAN. 1 wish aiso ill this eon
miction to remind the Senator and the Senate—
i have no doubt the Committee on Pensions
will look to it—that there are several bills now
[■ending in ono Jiouse or the other that wiii
very largely increase our pension list For in-
stance, there is the bill removing the restriction
in thepiesent law as to the time of the m.uiia^e
of widows ot soldiers of the war of 1812, so as io
entitle all of them to a*pensiOi:. The statistics
upon which we have based pension laws have
always proved unreliable. For instance, it
was promised to us that the pensions granted
to the soldiers of the war of 181'2 could not
by any possibility exceed 81,000,000, and a
report was made to this bill proving very con-
clusively on the data given that it could not
exceed $o00,000 a year ; and yet last year we
appropriated $4,000,000 lor tliat purpose.
Many ot these statistics are therei'oie unre-
liable. 1 know very well that the statistics
now presented are more reliable, because the
present pension-ioll no doubt contains the
names of all who have been disabled in this
way. Therefore wo may rely upon it that
$600,000 might cover the amount.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill amendatory of
the enforcement act is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the passage of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be proceeded with.
Air. PRATT. I hope the regular order will
be laid aside until this bill is disposed of.
Mr. THURMAN and othets. Let us vote.
Air. SHERAIAN. I will waive what I have
to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further debate, before calling up the enforce-
ment act, the Chair wiil take the vote on the
passage of this bill.
The bill was passed.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 11th
instant, approved and signed the act (S. No.
090) to authorize the eonstiuction of a bridge
across the Missouii river at Boonville, Mis-
souii.
l'KKSONAI, EXPLANATION.
Mr. SCHUBZ. I ask th e indulgence of the
Senate lor a moment to make a brief personal
statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Senator from Missouri will pro-
ceed.
Mr. SCHURZ. I see it stated i« several
papers of my own State that when the vote
was taken on the amnesty bill i way not present
in the Senate, and as heveial questions con-
nected with that iru-asute v/cie decided by a
tie vote, my vote might have decided them. I
wish u> say that i \uia absent, on account of
sickness: that, however, I had taken the pre-
caution, inoruer not to lose my vote, thiough
the intervention oi a Itiend to seeute a pair
with the Senator fmm Nevada, [Mr Nye,]
who was kind enough to pair with me. He
would have \oted against the amnesty bill and
in iavor ot tho.T>e amendments unfavorable to
it,, while 1 should have voted for the amnesty
bill, and against those amendments calculated
to embarrass it.
I inertly wish to make this statement for the
purpose of having my constituentsundeistaud
that my vote was by no means lost on account
of my absence from the Senate.
>10 BILK 111 V K it
Mr. GOLD TliWAI i'E. I should like to
have the consent ofthe Senator from California,
who is entitled to the floor on the un finished
business, and oi the Senaie to cons'der a bill,
reported from the Post Otliee Committee unan-
imously, relative to budges m m\ State.
1 her« b;jing no objection, thr Senate, as in
CommitUe ot the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the b'l! (X. 2\To. SI0) to establish certain
post roads in the State of Alabama, and for
other purposes ; which grants the consent of
Congress lo the Mobile and Montgomery Ilail-
load Company to erect one or more draw-
biidges over the Mobile river and other navi-
gable streams tributary to Mobile bay, in ac-
cordance with the acls of the Legislufure of
Alabama incorporating that company.
ihe bill was it-ported irom the Committee
on Post Offices and Post lloads with amend-
ments.
ihe first amendment of the committee was
in section one, line nine, after the word "not"
and beiore the *4 words icto materially" to
liibert the words "to inteifere With," and at
the end of the section to add :
Beyond what is necessary in order to carry into
ellL'Ct me rights ;tnd privileges hereby granted; and
in case oi any litigation arising from any obstruc-
tion,or alleged obstruction,to the free navigation of
fcaiu river, th<5 cause may be tried before the district
cuuit oi the United States ot the State of Alabama
in wtuen any portion of said obstruction or bridges
touches: And provided also, That said draw-bridges
