1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1563
he would, not have referred to this matter
cxcept that his motives had been assailed.
Sir, remarkable coincidences sometimes hap-
pen. Is it not a little strange that that tabu-
lated statement was made out in advance? It
could not have been made out while I was
speaking. The Senator had seen it. He did
not mean to refer to it at all, but finds an
excuse for referring to it in what I had said.
The Senator may reconcile as best he can the
fact that he had such a statement in advance
if he did not intend to use it. But, sir, the
Senator proceeded to say, and I will read his
language that 1 may not state him incorrectly :
" I should not have referred to it except for the
insinuations he had made in his speech in regard
to myself and others ' hanging on to the skirts of
power for mercenary purposes,' and I have a right
to denounce hypocrisy wherever X find it. If any
man comes upon this floor and easts insinuations
npim me that I am seeking for, patronage, while he
himself has gone asfar, hasrecommended in writing
and verbally, has gone to the Executive and de-
manded personally the appointment of relatives and
friends, has been persistent, has been importunate,
such a man has no right to come upon this floor and
cast imputations upon me."
When the assertion was made that he had
seen-a tabulated statement showing that I had
made one hundred and three recommendations
to office, I stated, without having the means
of knowing exactly how many persons I had
recommended to office, that I did not suppose
I bad recommended during the present Admin-
istration a dozen persons. Afterward I ad-
dressed a note to each of the Departments
asking, not for a list of the recommendations,
that is, of the persons recommended, but ask-
ing for a copy of all my recommendations. I
wanted to see them. I knew that I had had
for years very little to do with offices, that
since the first years of Mr. Lincoln's adminis-
tration, when a change of parties took place,
I had very seldom interfered with appoint-
ments. I had been complained of all over my
State for refusing to urge the appointment of
gentlemen to office whom I knew to be com-
petent and qualified, and had been charged
with neglecting my own constituents. I had
been told that othtr Senators and Representa-
tives recommended persons in their respective
States, and they were appointed, and that by
my refusing to do so Illinois was treated un-
fauly. Alterhaving suffered these charges, in
consequence of havmg abstained to a great
extent irom making recommendations, I was,
I confess, a little indignant at an accusa-
tion coming from the Senator from Indiana
that I had been chief among those who were
seeking for patronage and hanging around the
Depaitmenis for office.
The practice prevails, and has for many
years, for members of Congress, either the
Representatives or the Senators, to recom-
mend for local offices, and it is very difficult
for any person, while this usage obtains, to
refuse to comply with the requests ol his con-
stituents in matters of that kind. Now, sir,
1 regard this personal accusation against me
as raiher small business, and I think it affords
no reason why we should not adopt some sys-
tem to reform the civil service. If all that the
Senator from Indiana had said were true, and
I had been the most importunate of all for
office, and had hung about the Departments,
that only affords a reason for a reform. The fact
that I was the individual importuning the De-
partments and interfering with their business
would not make the evil any the less than if
somebody else had been the person. But the
difficulty with the statement of the Senator
from Indiana is, that it is not true in point of
fact; it is not true even as to numbers. My
name does not appear in any shajie or form in
the Departments in connection with one hun-
dred and three offices.
'I he most numerous class of cases with
which my name does appear are^ those in the
post office. In the State of Illinois we have
about two thousand postmasters. Several of
the districts in that State are represented in
the other House, and have been all the time.
by Democrats. It has not been uncommon, in
the case of a vacancy or a change taking place
in a post office, that the persons petitioning
for the change, or recommending a person for
the vacancy, have sent their papers to me. It
appears that I have received during the last
three years some thirty such papers. On some
of these papers, where I knew the individual,
I have indorsed on the back a concurrence in
the recommendation of the petitioners. Where
I did not know the individual recommended,
I have stated, if I happened to know the peti-
tioners, that I knew them as reliable persons,
without any reference to the person recom-
mended. In other cases, I have simply re-
ferred the papers, writing across the back
" respectfully referred to the Postmaster Gen-
eral;" sometimes "respectfully referred for
favorable consideration.''
Does the Senator from Indiana mean to say
that these are cases of importunity ? There is
not one single case in the Post Office Depart-
ment, except it is an indorsement on somebody
else's papers, or a signature with other par-
ties. I will read two or three to show their
character. I have sometimes joined with other
parties. This is a sample, where I joined with
my then colleague in this body in reference to
a postmaster from a Democratic district:
" We respectfully recommend A B"—
I will not give his name, for I do not wish to
parade the names of individuals here. I think
it is not a matter of very much importance to
the Senate, and I am sorry to take up any
time with such a subject, and should not but
for the wrong impression that the remarks of
the Senator from Indiana seem to have created
throughout the country :
" We respectfully recommend A B for the ap-
pointment of postmaster at , Illinois."
That is signed by Governor Yates and my-
self. That is a case where there was a recom-
mendation. There are three such in the Post
Office Department, and only three out of the
thirty-six cases put down as recommendations
made by me. In twelve cases the indorse-
ment is of this character, not precisely in the
same words always, but substantially the same
in all oases:
"Havana, Mason County, Illinois,
March 8,1869.
"Upon petition for reappointment of 0. C. Easton,
incumbent, Senator Trumbull writes as follows :
'The within is from reliable gentlemen, and I in-
dorse iheir recommendation.'"
Then there are fifteen cases of this char-
acter, all being cases of indorsement upon
papers on file:
" Respectfully referred to thePostmaster General.
The signers of the within are among tho most prom-
inent and influential Republicans at .''
I say nothing about the party recommended
at all. I know some c5f the persons recom-
mending him. In five cases the papers are
referred with this indorsement:
" Respectfully referred to the favorable consider-
ation of the Postmaster General."
In one case there is a simple reference.
Those are the cases in the Post Office Depart-
ment. Can anybody say that these are impor-
tunities for office? How could I do less than
refer these papers transmitted to me to the
Department?
Mr. CARPENTER. I will ask my friend
to allow me to interrupt him for a moment.
Judging from his statement of his own con-
duct it has been precisely what mine has been.
Now, I want to know of the Senator if he
thinks there is anything corrupt in what
he has done, and I have_ done, which has
been precisely the same thing ; whether it is
an evidence that Congress is rotten from top
to bottom, and that the civil service ought to
be abolished or treated in some such severe
way in consequence of what he and 1 have
done? And I presume what he has done is
what many other Senators have done. Cer-
tainly I have.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there is
anything wrong in what I did in reference to
these papers; but this is not the class of cases
to which I had referred. I referred to an en-
tirely different class of cases—to the going to
the Departments, and by importunities and
pressure getting men appointed to office, as is
detailed by the late Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. CARPENTER. Did the Senator ever
do anything of that kind?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. Nor did I; nor do I
believe did any Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the Treasury Depart-
ment there are, I think, some, sixteen case's
where it is said I made recommendations.
They are not very long. I will ask the Secre-
tary to read them, that the Senate may see
exactly what I said in those cases, and see how
many recommendations I made. I will ask
that all of them be read. First I ask th^t
the Secretary's letter be read, and then the
indorsements made by mo.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Treasury Department, Marchl, 1872.
Sir: In accordance with your request contained
in your letter of the27th ultimo, I nave the honor to
inclose herewith a statement of recommendations
for oflice made by you since March 4,1869.
I am, very respectfully,
GEO S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. Lyman Trumbull, United, States Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I ask the Clerk
to read the recommendations made by me in
that Department.
The Secretary read as follows:
Elisha B. Hamilton, surveyor of customs, Quincy,
Illinois.
Appointed, March 3,1868.
Senator Trumbull makes the following indorse-
ment upon a petition of citizens recommending tha
retention of Mr. Hamilton:
"Respectfully referred to the Secretary of the
Treasury. L. TRUMBULL."
"April 17,1869."
(Retained. Still in office.)
James Newman, appointed July 18,1865, surveyor
of customs, Alton, Illinois.
Under date of March 17, 1869, recommended for
retention by W. C. Flagg, esq., and other citizens of
Alton, and indorsed by Senator Trumbull as fo.lows:
"The signers of within are among the must protni-
nent and influential of our friends in the locality,
and I am satisfied there will be no cause for Mr.
Newman's removal.     „ 
"Respectfully. LYMAN TRUMBULL.
"March. 22, 1869."
(Superseded.)
Francis Munson, applicant for collector of cus-
toms, Chicago, Illinois.
Recommended by Hon. J. D. Ward, State senator,
and others, and indorsed by Senator Trumbull as
follows:
" Respectfully referred to Hon. G. S. Boufwell,
Secretary of Treasury. L. TRUMBULL,
United States Senate.
"March 11,1869."
(Not appointed.)
memoranda.
List of names of parties recommended for appoint-
ment by Senator Trumbull, of Illinois.
Collectors and Assessors.—B. K. Marsh, esq., writes
Senator Trumbull, under date of February 6,1869,
recommending J. W. Barnes tor collector fourth dis-
trict of Illinois. The presumption is thai Mr. T.
filed the paper and verbally recommended the ap-
pointment. There is, however, no indorsement in
writing.
(Not appointed.)
Willis Lord, writes Senator Trumbull. March 24,
1869, recommending J. G. Griei for collector fifth
Illinois. Mr. T. indorses the letter as follows: Tho
inclosed is from Rev. Dr. Lord, and deserving of
the highest consideration."
(Not appointed.)
Senators Trumbull, Yates, and then Representa-
tive, now Senator Logan, under date ot March 19,
1869, indorse Hon. A. C. Babcock for assessor ninth
Illinois, as follows: "We respectfully recommend
Amos C. Babcock, esq., for appointment as assessor
in the ninth district of Illinois."
(Declined.)
Senator Trumbull, under date of August 28,1871,
indorses a recommendation for the retention or
James Fishback, assessor tenth Illinois, as follows:
"The within recommendations are from leading
and influential citizens and Repnblieansot the tenth
district, and entitled to favorable consideration.
(Retained. Still in.)
Collector N. M. Knapp, tentb Illinois, writes Sen-
ator Trumbull under date of May lo, 1869,1 ^-quest-
ing his influence to secure his retention m office. On
the 18th of same month Mr. Trumbull indorses his
letter as follows: "Major,Knapp, so far as I am
advised, has given s&tislaction to tho public, and is
an upright and efficientofficer."
(Retained. Still in.)
J. A. Powellfor assessor eleventh Illinois, uader
