1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3355
shall be be opened promptly,upon reasonable signal,
for the passage of boats, and in no case shall unne-
cessary delay occur in opening the said draw during
or after the passage of trains.
So that the proviso will read:
Provided, That the said draw-bridges shall be
bo constructed as not to interfere with or to mate-
rially or substantially obstruct the free navigation
of said stream beyond what is necessary in order to
carry into effect the rights and privileges hereby
granted, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second and third sections of the bill in the
following words:
Sec. 2. That Congress reserves the right to with-
draw the assent here given, in case the free naviga-
tion of said stream shall be at anyt ime materially
or substantially obstructed.
Sec. 3. That the said bridges, when completed in
manner specified in acts of incorporation, shall be
deemed and taken to be legal structures, and shall,
with the railroad of which they are parts, be po^t
roads for the trasmission of the mails of the United
States.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Sec. 2. That any bridge constructed under this act,
and according to its limitations, shall be a lawful
structure, and shall be known and ieuo^nized as a
post route, upon which, also, no higher charge shall
be made for the transmission over the same of the
mails, the troops, and the munitions of war of the
United States than the rate per mile paid for their
transportation over the railroads or public highways
leading to said bridges.
Sec. 3. That all railway companies desiring to use
said bridges shall have and be entitled to equal
rights and privileges in the passage of the same, and
in the use ol the machinery and fixtures thereof,
and of all the approaches thereto, under and upon
such terms and conditions as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary of War, upon hearing (he allegations
and proofs of the parties in case they shall not
agree.
Sec. 4. That the right to alter or amend this act
so as to prevent or remove all material obstructions
to the navigation of said river by the consti uctiori
of bridges is hereby expressly reserved; and that
any bridge or bridges constructed under this act
shall be built under and subject to such regulations
for the security of the navigation of said river as
the Secretary of War shall prescribe ; and the said
bridges shall be at all times so kept and managed us
to offer reasonable and proper means lor the passage
of vessels through and under them; and the said
bridges shall be changed, at the cost and expense
of the owners thereof, from time to time, as Con-
gress may direct, so as to preserve the free and
convenient navigation of said river; and the
authority to erect and continue said bridges shall
be subject to revocation by law whenever the public
good shall, in the judgment of Congress, so require.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to ask simply
whether this bill contains the provisions gen-
erally adopted, pexhaps universally, in these
bills by the Senate—I speak in regard to the
jurisdiction of the district court in case of
obstruction ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It contains the
provision reported from the Post Office Com-
mittee, but not as amended by the Senate,
giving jurisdiction to the district court k<in
tohich any.portion of ;-aid obstruction or bridge
touches." There was some change iu the
verbal construction made by the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. " And in case of any liti-
gation, arising from any obstruction, or al-
leged obstruction, to the free navigation of
said river, the cause may be tried before the
district court of the United States of the State
of Alabama, in which any portion of said ob-
struction or bridges touches."
The VICE PRESIDENT. "Opposite"
was the word substituted by the Senate, the
Chair thinks.
Mr. CASSERLY. My friend, the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, was a little disposed to find fault
^ith me the other day for criticising the fail-
ure of his committee to insert the amendment
in the precise language in which it was adopted
by the Senate after lull discussion. I hope he
"will pardon me if 1 again call his attention to
the fact that this provision i3 not in the exac
language adopted by the Senate, it should
be " in or opposite to which the obstruction "
exists.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the Senator
that this bill was reported before the debate to
which he refers occurred here.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Clerk to read
the language there.
The Chief Clerk read as follows;
The cause may be tried before the distriot court
oi the United States of the State of Alabama, in
which any portion of said obstruction or bridges
touches.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that these
bridges and the judicial district in which they
are situated are all within the State of Ala-
bama. That may make some difference. I
am really not sufficiently acquainted with the
precise merits of this ease to be able to say
whether the provision is all that it ought to be.
I rely upon the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Goldthwaite] who is a lawyer of distinction
himself, that it is all right.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; was read the third time, and
passed.
The title was amended so as to read :
A bill authorizing the construction of rail-
road bridges across the Mobile river and other
navigable streams tributary to Mobile bay, in
accordance with the acts of the Legislature
of the State of Alabama, and to establish
them as post roads.
sale of coal lands.
Mi. STEWART. I now ask for a vote on
the coal bill. I do not think there is any
objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks that the Senate may vote
on the coal bill and the amendments pending
thereto.
Mr. THURMAN. I dislike to object to
that; but I really want to understand that bill
better than I do. 1 think that bill ought to be
discussed. I want some questions answered.
I do not know that I am opposed to the bill at
all if I once get to fairly understand the sub-
ject; but i do not now understand the sub-
ject well enough to vote for the bill without
some explanation. I do not wish to inter-
pose an objection because the Senator has
been trying a long time to get the bill up, but
I do not think the bill ought to pass without
some explanation more than has been made.
Mr. STEWART. Let us have five minutes,
then. I think it will be sufficient.
Mr. THURMAN. I think we had better
wait until after the pending bill is passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio objects. It requires unanimous
consent; and the Senate is acting now under
an order made by themselves on Saturday
evening which the Chair will read as soon
as the debate commences on the amendatory
enforcement bill.
assignments 01' business.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to ask the Senate
to set apart a day or part of a day for the con-
sideration of bills reported from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs. If the Senate would
do it, I would be glad to have some day this
week, either Wednesday or Thursday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
ask unanimous consent.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have asked for Wednes-
day for the Post Office Committee.
Mr. HARLAN. I will suggest Thursday,
then.
Mr. POMEROY. As the Senator says "part
of a day,': I suggest that the residue of that
day be for the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to
that. I do not think the Committee on Indian
Affairs will occupy the whole dayI think
two or three hours will enable us to dispose of
our bills.
Mr. POMEROY. I want an hour for the
Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa asks unanimous consent that'Thuis-
day, after twelve o'clock, be assigned for the
consideration of bills from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and the remainder of the day,
if they do not consume it, to the Committee
on Public Lands. Is there objection to that
proposition ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I want to know whether
the understanding is that until those two sets
of bills are disposed of no other business will
be taken up on those days.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the understand-
ing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That could be
marked out by naming that as part of the con-
dition ; but the Chair cannot refuse to submit
the question of unanimous consent $t any
time a Senator asks it. The Senator from
California now asks to have this assignment,
coupled with unanimous consent, that no other
business shall be introduced that day except
from the Committee on Indian Affairs and the
Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. CASSERLY. Until their business is
disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. MORTON. I do not desire to interfere
with the wishes of the Senator from Iowa,
and am perfectly willing to see the day devoted
as he desires; but there are certain other
measures which probably will come up before
that time that I hope will be disposed o'', and
the consideration of which will not be affected
by this order.
The VICE £ RESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Indiana, as he has
stated when all these requests are made, that
they are subject to the unfinished business of
the day previous, and they can only operate
by the Senate at' twelve o'clock of the day
named, laying 011 the table by a majority vote
whatever comes over as unfinished business
from the evening before. They are subject to
the unfinished business, under the fifteenth
rule.
Mr. MORTON. But they are not consid-
ered as implying an obligation that the unfin-
ished business shall be laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That remains
with the Senate whether it shall lay the unfin-
ished business on the table or not. If it docs
Hot lay the unfinished business on the table,
it has priority. Is there objection to the prop-
osition made as to these two committees ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. RAMSEY. I request the evening of
that day for business from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads after a recess
from half past, four to half past seven o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota as-ks that the evening of Thursday
be assigned for the consideration of bills from
the Post Office Committee, the business re-
maining unfinished at half past four o'clock
that day going over as unfinished business
until the next day, giving the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads simply the even-
ing session. Is there objection?
Mr. SCOTT. The applications for the as-
signment of these days and evenings must
bring before the Senate the importance of
having some time devotpd to general business.
Now. I have perhaps the misfortune of having
as large a number of constituents behind me
as any other Senator on the floor, except per-
haps those from New York ; and in proportion
to the number of constl'uents every Senator
feels himself charged here with a number of
private bills, bills relating to private interests.
I have been struggling in vain during the
morning hour for more than a week to get a
number of these bills considered, and unless
we can have at least two or three days to de-
vote to the Calendar it will be necessary to
stop this practice of giving days to particular
committees; otherwise that class of business
will get consideration, whereas general S.usi-
ness will get none. I do not wish to object
to the request of the Senator from Minnesota,
however.
