1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
the motion was made and agreed to in the con-
fusion of the closing moments of the session,
and after most of the members had left the
Chamber.
I have no farther comment to make upon
this subject, but to call attention to it as I have.
And now, Mr. President, I trust, under a
unanimous consent of the Senate given on
Thursday last, that the amnesty bill should
come up to-day, no such motion will be made
as to lay it on the table in violation of that
unanimous consent; and while I state that, my
anxiety for the passage of the apportionment
bill is such—and I think the public interests
require that it should be passed at an early
day—that I hope there will be unanimous con-
sent, and I appeal to my friend from South
Carolina t,o give it—not let us vote to lay on
the table the agreement we have made, but let
us by unanimous consent go on and finish the
apportionment bill to-day and take up the
amnesty bill to-morrow. I think that will be
the better way. I should bo very sorry to see
a motion made to lay on the table a bill that
every Senator had pledged his honor should
come up to-day at one o'clock and be consid-
ered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you mean that there
was an agreement that the amnesty bill should
be considered to-day ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was aunanimous
agreement of this body that the amnesty bill
should come up at one o'clock to-day, and
therefore 1 appeal to the Senator from South
Carolina, because 1 do not want to vote for a
motion to lay that unanimous consent on the
table 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am told there was no
sur-h agreement. I was not here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 understood there was
an agreement that the amnesty bill should
come up to day at one o'clock, but no vote
should be taken on it before to morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Illinois lias concluded, the Chair desires
to call attention to one remark of his.impugn-
ing the statement of the Chair. It is the duty
of the Chair to state this to the Senate, for if
they cannot credit the statements made from
the Chair this officer should not occupy his
position any longer.
The present occupant of the chair was not
in the Senate when this agreement was made,
being absent in another city, but the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Antiiony] was occu-
pying the chair. He therefore took, as he
stated in his remarks, the official statement in
the Globe, made by reporters whose accuracy
is well known, and stated then that in the
agreements which were made on Friday there
was no statement in regard to Saturday, but
that the agreements proposed and accepted by
the Senate referred to "to-morrow," and that
the parliamentary "to-morrow" from JJriday
last was this very day on which we are sitting,
and that therefore the Senate found itself in
this dilemma: of having, by unanimous con-
sent, assigned two important bills, both at-
tracting the attention of the Senate and the
country, for this day.
The Senator from Illinois in his response
states that the Chair is incorrect, as lie will
find, he says, that Saturday was mentioned.
While the Senator was on his feet the Chair
again looked over the record of the interlocu-
tory debate, and he again repeats what he
stated before, that the word "Saturday" isnot
used; it is the term "to-morrow" that is
used; and the Chair stated, as the Senator
will remember, that, one Senator, referring to
the termination of the interlocutory debate,
the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Flanagan,] sug-
gested Monday specifically, which suggestion
was withdrawn at the instance of the Senator
from Illinois. Then the Senate all concurred
in agreeing that "to-morrow at four o'clock
the final vote should be taken, if the debate
was not exhausted sooner." The Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsex,] it is true, in a
previous portion of the debate, as stated by
the Senator from Illinois, did also suggest
Monday; but the word "Saturday," unless
the eyes of the Chair deceive him. is not to be
found in this record of the debate. The spe-
cific understanding at the close, repeated with
precision by the officer occupying the chair,
was this:
"The Peesidis-o Officer. The objection is with-
drawn. It is then ordered that at four o'clock to-
morrow the Senate wilt commence voting upon the
amendments to this bill without further debate.
" Mr. Conkling. Unless the debate exhausts itself
sooner.
" The pitbsimnu Officer. Certainly."
The Chair now, in order to vindicate his
accuracy, which he thinks the Senator from
Illinois did not intend intentionally to im-
pugn, but which, he will perceive, he did by
his language as reported, will read what the
Senator from Illinois stated :
"The Presiding Officer. The Senator from
Texas moves that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
" Mr. Trumbull. I hope not.
"The motion was not agreed to."
"Mr. Sherman. Let us have a vote on the
amendment oi the Judiciary Committee. That will
be a test question.
"Mr. Trumbull. That will be a test question.
The Chair is attempting now to quote the
language of the Senator from Illinois during
this interlocutory debate. In reply to the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. MoiUUlX :]
11 Mr. Trumbull. 1 feel embarrassed by the ap-
peal of the Senator from Vermont. I think it is
asking a great deal of the Senate, on a billot this
kind to insist oa its going over; but I submit this,
by his permission: if tho Senate will agree to tiike
the vote at somo hour to-morrow, let the bill then
go over until to-morrow and let us take the vote at
some hour agreeable to the Senate, and let it be
understood that wo will take the vote to-morrow,
and dispose of it. I suggest that we take the vote
to-morrow at four o'clock.
"Mr. Kamsey. Say Monday at four o'clock.
"Mr.Trumbull. No; the bill ought to pass this
week. If there be no objection I suggest that we
proceed to vote on the bill and amendments at four
o'clock to-morrow."
Subsequently the Presiding Officer stated
this:
"The Presiding Officer. The Senator from II li-
nois proposes that by unanimous consent it shall be
agreed to commence voting on the amendments to
this bill to-morrow at four o'clock.
" Several Srnatous. Say three o'clock.
"Mr. Trumbull. Three o'clock would suit me,
but my ftiend before me [Mr, Edmunds] wants it
fixed lor four o'clock.
"Several Senators. Say four.
"The Presiding Officer. Is there any objection
to that understanding? [4No!'j The Chair hears
none. _ ,,
"Mr. Flanagan. I suggest Monday. [No!
'No!'J
"Mr. I-irll. The Senator will remomber that the
amnesty bill was set down for Monday. .
" The Presiding Ofkickr. Is there any objection
to the proposition ? [4Nol''No!']
" Mr. Trumbull. What is the proposition / .
"The Presiding Officer. To commence voting
on the bill to-morrow at four o'clock.
"Mr. Trumbull. I hope there will be no objec-
tion. . , _
"Mr. Flanagan. There is objection, because I
suggest Monday."
****** *
"Mr. Trumbull. If the Senator from Texas
objects, we cannot hx it. Then the only way I know
is to go on. I must insist upon going on with the
bill if the Senator from Texas objects to the arrange-
ment for voting to-morrow.
"Mr. Flanagan. Well, I withdraw the objec-
tion."
The Chair stated in alluding to this sub-
ject—and this is sustained by decisions re-
peatedly made in the British House of Com-
mons—that ''to-morrow" means the next legis-
lative day. In fact, there is no dissent from
this ruling, as the Chair examined the subject
some time since. It would be the parliament-
ary "to-morrow" if the Senate had adjourned
from Thursday over until Monday. As the
Senator has spoken of this as a "breach of
faith," the Chair must also remind the Senate
that special orders are often made by unani-
mous consent. The bill of the Senator from
New York [Mr. Fenton] in regard to the
customs was made the special order for the
8th of January, and has not yet been leached;
but the amnesty bill was made the special
order for this day precisely, and is now before
the Senate, and the Senator from Vermont
claims the floor upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall have no contro-
versy with the Chair as to a matter of fact,
and I am sorry that the Chair should have felt
it its duty to submit the remarks upon the sub-
ject which it has. I understand that "to-
morrow" in the ordinary acceptation means
the next legislative day, but I understand that
that is in the absence of any understanding in
the record to the contrary ; it is an inference ;
but when there is an understanding in the
record to the contrary, I do not suppose that
"to-morrow" does mean the next legislative
day. Let me read from the record:
" I suggest that we take the vote to-raorrow atfour
o'clock.
" Mr. Ramsey. Say Monday atfour o'clock.
" Mr. Trumbuli.. No ; the bill ought to pass this
week."
Is it conceivable when this language occurs
that that meant Monday? Could that mean
any other time but Saturday, when Monday
was objeoted to, and it was said that "the bill
ought to pass this week;" and what followed
afterward ?
" Mr. Fi.anagan. I suggest Monday."
Several Senators said " No," " No."
"Mr. TitUMr.xrr.L. If tho Senator from Texas
objects, wo cannot fix it."
When did Mr. Trumbull ask to fix it?
"This week." The very controversy was
between Monday and Saturday. The word
"Saturday" is not used. Is it necessary to
use the word " Saturday" when you say " this
week" on Friday? The fact that the word
"Saturday" is not there does not change it,
and I venture to say nobody in the Senate
understood it differently than Saturday after
that conversation.
'"If tho Senator from Texas objects, wo cannot
fix it."
What was his objection ? His objection
was to having it fixed for to-morrow; he
wanted it to go over until Monday.
T proceeded:
" Then the only way I know is to go on. X must
insist upon going on with the bill if tho Senator
from Texas objects to the arrangement for voting
to-morrow."
And what was that? "This week," as I
had previously stated, that the bill should be
finished. A.nd thereupon the Senator from
Texas withdrew his objection, which was to
have it go over until Monday, whereupon the
Presiding Officer announced that it was fixed
for to-morrow, and that "to-morrow" is to
be taken in connection with what previously
occurred.
I leave the record to an intelligent public to
determine whether I have misstated it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But the Chair
must repeat that the Senator from Illinois did
in his previous remarks state that the word
" Saturday" was used, and, if it was used, then
the Chair stated what was incorrect.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I did state in-
advertently that the word "Saturday" had
been used. I supposed that the word itself
was used; but the debate is just as definite as
if it had been.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator from \ er-
mont allow me lo make one remark?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator yield ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If there is
to be any further debate I must insist on my
motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON. _ If the Senator will
allow me one word I think he will yield.
