1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
€15
42d Cong. ...2d Sess.
Senator from Kansas—Report.
Senate.
Answer. I will not be certain about that.
It- has been so long it has slipped my mind
■whether it was on the first ballot or on some
preliminary vote that he failed.
Question. Anyhow, Mr. Wells did not vote,
as your information was, in the way that he
was to vote ?
Answer, Thai is what I understood.
Question. It was on some preliminary vote ?
Answer. I think it was on some preliminary
vote.
By Mr. Pomekoy :
Question. You speak of being sent for. Who
sent for you ?
Answer. I received a letter from Colonel
John A. Martin, stating that you desired my
presence atTopeka.
Question. I n whose interest were you there ?
Answer. I was sent for in your interest, I
believe.
Question. Did anybody pay yon anything
there ?
Answer. I stayed at the hotel, but that did
not cost me anything. You simply paid my
expenses. I rode over on horseback, and I
presented a bill for my horse.
Question. Did Governor Carney pay you
anything?
Answer. No, sir ; not a cent.
Question. Have you ever read what pur-
ports to be your testimony in the report of
this investigating committee of the Kansas
Legislature?
Answer. I have, sir.
Question. Are you correctly reported in that
document?
Answer. Well, the testimony there, or the
evidence in the case of Mr. King is not as I
recollect it exactly; but in your case I think
it is substantially correct.
Question. Have you ever read an affidavit
taking back any of this testimonyas published
in this book?
Answer. I have made a statement to Mr.
King-that there was some testimony there that
was not as I recollected it. I gave a statement
to that effect.
Question. Did you swear to it?
Answer. I did.
Question. Is this your affidavit? [Submit-
ting a document appended to the testimony of
this witness.]
Answer. 1 don't know. Mr. King read that
over to me. That is my signature. [Exam-
ining the document.] Yes, sir; I believe that
is it.
Question. That is your affidavit or what you
have sworn to, si-nee that testimony was taken,
in regard to that testimony?
Answer. Yes, sir. I have no recollection
of the question coming there, just in the shape
it did, in that first place.
Question. Was it because this book was not
correctly kept, or how did the mistake occur?
Answer. That I can't tell. The question
that 1 supposed was asked me was exactly the
question that was put to Mr. Murphy.
Question. Why is this incorrect? Is it be-
cause you were not correctly reported, or be-
cause they did not print it right?
Answer. 1 can't tell. I have no recollection
of the question coming in that shape. Mr.
King took exceptions to it.
Question. As to the way you are reported
hens iu this book, state, whether you think it is
the fault, of the reporter or printer.
Answer. That I can't account for.
Question. You ouly know it is incorrect?
Answer. 1 have no recollection of the ques-
tion being asked me in the shape it appears in
that book—not the least. It was altogether a
different question, as 1 understood it.
Question. You spoke of this Mr. Wells. Do
you know how he voted?
Answer. I understood that he voted for you
finally.
Question. Do you know of his voting against
me at all?
Answer. I can simply state what I heard. I
was not in the house. They didn't allow me
in the house at the time that vote was taken.
Question. Have you generally been for Mr.
Carney; were you lor Mr. Carney in this elec-
tion of 1871?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. I mean 1867?
Answer. No, sir; I was for Mr. Pomeroy
then, not for Mr. Carney.
Question. In the contest between Carney
and Ross, how were you?
Answer. My feelings would have led rae to
Mr. Carney, but I didn't take any part in it
at all, because my object was to secure your
election.
The following is the affidavit referred to in
the evidence of Joshua Wheeler:
Hon. Joshua Wheeler, of Atchison county, Kan-
sas, after being duly sworn, deposeth and saith:
1. That in my testimony before the joint commit-
tee oi m vesiig&tion I have unintentionally wronged
Mr. S. C. King, of Atchison, and had I known that
my testimony would appear and have the bearing
that it has, I would have gone before the committee
and had the same corrected.
2. I do not know, nor did any person give me
directly to understand, that S. 0. King voted for
Mr. Clarke in consideration of a Federal position.
3. I do not know, nor did any p rson give me to
understand, that Mr. Clarke failed in his efforts to
secure Mr, King a position, nor do I know nor have I
heard that Mr. Clarke ever tried to get Mr. King a
consulship.
4. There was nothing in that " letter " mentioned
in my testimony but a request from myself to Mr.
Caldwell to aid Senator Poheroy in his effort to
secure Mr. King a eonsuishi p.
5. X have no knowledge of the questions as they
appear in the evidence being asked by the com-
mittee" JOSHUA WHEELEB.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 13th day of
May, A. D.18T2. B. HUDSON,
Justice of tlte Pcace.
Washisgton, D. C.,
Thursday, May 23, 1872.
William Spriggs sworn and examined.
By Mr. Logan :
Question. State your name, age, residence,
and occupation.
Answer. William Spriggs ; forty-six; Gar-
net t, Kansas; farmer.
Question. Mr. Spriggs, you were sworn, I
believe, before an investigating committee of
the Legislature of Kansas, in reference to the
election, in 1867, of Mr. Pomeroy to the United
States Senate?
Answer. Yes. sir.
Question. Will you state what you know, if
anything, in reference to improper means hav-
ing been used by Mr. Pomeroy to procure his
election?
Answer. I know nothing at all about it per-
sonally. I was in Topeka. I don't, know
anythiug at all that Mr. Pomekoy did of my
own knowledge.
Question. You say you know nothing what-
ever, of your own knowledge, in connection
wiib it?
Answer. Nothing whatever. Nothing what-
ever.
Question. Were you there during the con-
t est ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Were you in Mr. Pomeroy's
room ?
Answer. I was not.
Question. Did you take any interest in the
campaign ?
Answer. I took some little interest in the
campaign.
Question. Who did you favor?
Answer. I favored tue election of Governor
Carnf-y
Question. As ngainst Mr. Pomeroy?
Answer. We started out with that view.
The contest, I believe, as I recollect it now,
simmered down to between General Lee and
Mr. Pomeroy ; but I was a friend of Governor
Carney, and went there to assist in the elec-
tion of Governor Carney to the United States
Senate.
Question. How was the contest carried on ?
You say you know nothing improper about it.
Was it a fair contest as to who should have
the most friends?
Answer. So far as I know, it was.
Question. Did you see anything that was
improper in the conduct of the matter at all?
Answer. I did not. I did not, sir.
Question. I ask if you testified as follows
belore the general committee of the Kansas
Legislature to investigate this subject: "'In
1807, the evening of the election ior United
States Senator, Perry Fuller told me that
Pomeroy and Ross's election had cost him
$42,000; that he considered he had made
$58,000, for he had set apart $100,000 fox
it?"
Answer. Yes, sir. That's what Mr. Puller
told me in Dan Adams's bank. It was the
afternoon after the election.
Question. Is that a correct report of what
you said?
Answer. That that you have read to me off
of that paper is true. I have not read that
printed book.
Washington, D. C.f
Thursday, May 23, 1872.
Albert H. Horton. called by Mr. Pomeroy,
sworn and examined.
By Mr. Logax :
Question. Please state your name, age, resi-
dence, and occupation.
Answer. My name is Albert H. Horton. I
reside at Atchison, Kansas. I have resided
there for ten years. My business is that of
practicing attorney. I hold an official posi-
tion at present.
Question. What is that?
Answer. I am United States attorney for
that district. *■
Question. Mr. Wheeler, a witness here, has
testified that in 1867, during the contest be-
tween Mr. Pomekoy and others for a seat in
the United States Senate, he understood or
heard that Mr. Pomeroy had paid you, as
attorney, $100 te aid in securing tbe seat of
a Mr. Wells, who, in consideration for that,
was to vote for Mr. Pomeroy for United
States Senator. Will you state the facts in
reference to the matter?
Answer. The supreme-court of our State meet?
at Topeka. I was present there in attendance
on tbesupremecourtin the winter of 1867, and,
I suppose, I remained longer at the capital ou
account of the senatorial election in progress,
there being two Senators to be elected. Mr.
John D. Wells was a representative—the sit-
ting member—from Marshall county, in :,nr
State. I had been acquainted with hinia long
time; had transacted legal business for iiim
before that time, and have since transacted
legal business for him, and to-day have a suit
for him inourcounty. His seat was contested
by one John W. Bollinger, a partnerof Brum-
baugh, both practicing attorneys in Marysville,
Marshall county, Kansas. Mr. Bollinger, bt-
ing an attorney, was better acquainted' with
the necessary provisions or proceedings to con-
test the seat of Mr. Wells, who was a farmr-,
and had given the legal or proper noiice to
take depositions, so that when the Legislature
convened he could present that evidence and
oust Mr. Wells immediately, and, as we sup-
posed, before Mr. Wells could present his evi-
dence. Mr. Wells and Mr. Vail, a gentleman
from Marshall county, came to me and told
me that Mr. Wells was in danger of having h-s
seat taken from him without a fair opportunity
