1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2459
ment to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2116) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide for the better security of life on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes," approved
February 28. 1871, which 1 move to have
printed arid referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. I am requested to offer this amend-
ment. I know nothing about it myself.
The motion was agreed to.
devmiopmnnt of mininu.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Australian
steamship bill being before the Senate, it is
informally passed over, and the Senate, by
unanimous consent, resumes the considera
fcion of the bill (H. R. No. 101(5) to promote
the development of the mining resources of
the United States, reported by the Senator
from Mississippi this morning, upon which the
Senator from California [Air. Cole] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I wish to move some amend
ments on the fourth page of the bill. I will
simply state them without detaining the Sen-
ate by any argument, upon them. On page 4,
section five, line thirteen, after the words "on
each," I move to insert the words "lode or
placer;" so that it will read, "on each lode
or placer claim located after the passage of
this act." I will state the several amendments
in their order, and probably they can all be
acted on together, inasmuch as they are neces-
sary to make the bill harmonious.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. COLE. Before the Senator interrupts
me I wish to otter the amendments that I
desire to propose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I will not interrupt the
Senator, but I was going to state the objection
to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California desires that the question shall
be taken on the amendments together after
they have been stated by him. The Senator
from Nevada will then be entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. In the next line, I move to
strike out the words " and until a patent
shall have been issued therefor." Then in
the nineteenth line following, after the word
"made," I move to insert the words " each
year." In line twenty, I propose to strike out
the words "until a patent shall have been
issued therefor" and to insert in lieu of them
the words " or for each placer claim of twenty
acres." Then that portion of the section will
read as follows :
0a each lode or placer claim located after the
passage of this act, not less than $100 worth of labor
shall be performed or improvements made during
each year. On all claims located prior to the pas-
sage of this act ten dollars' worth of labor shall be
performed or improvements made each year for each
one hundred feet m length along the vein or for
each placer claim of twenty acres; but where such
claims are held in common such expenditure may
be made upon any one claim; and upon a failure to
comply with these conditions, the claim or mine
upon which such failure occurred shall be open to
relocation in the same manner as if no location of
the same had ever been made.
Then 1 propose to add the words " or patent
issued." My object is to insure good faith in
the working of the mines, to prevent their
being held by owners an indefinite length of
time without working them tij the exclusion
of the miners of the neighborhood. This is
an attempt to return to the Spanish law on the
subject of miriingto some degree. The Spanish
law on the subject of mining which prevailed
in Mexico andother Spanish-American States,
in my judgment, was rather the wisest law that
has ever been adopted in reference to the sys-
tems of mining upon this continent, 'l'hey
grant titles, but subject to what they term ds-
nouneeuient or' the title or defeasance of die
title upon a failure to work the mine after a
ceitain time. The danger we are under in
this country, where we have the richest, mines
that can be found in the world perhaps, is that
they may he purchased up at these Govern-
ment rates in large tracts or quantities and
held as they will be and are now by foreign
capitalists, by non-residents of the country.
This calamity we do not wish to see inflicted
upon the mines and mining lands of this coun-
try. We wish to avoid that, very thing, and
require the miner to use some little diligence
and exertion in the working of his mine or
the mine-owner to expend some industry or
capital upon it, or else leave it subject to a
beneficial use by some other party.
Now, I would state distinctly what my ob-
ject is in this amendment, and I think it will
commend itself to the Senate; I hope it will
commend itself to the Committee on Mines
and Mining. It is a proposition, it seems to
me, that ought to be adopted ; and I will state
here that we have passed laws now two or
three times in reference to mining. In 1866
quite an elaborate law was passed upon this
subject, giving title to lode mines and mines
in veins; and in 1870 we passed what was
termed an amendment to that law. No longer
ago than 1870 we passed something like a
half dozen or more long sections on the same
subject, providing for the sale of placer mines,
mines in which the gold has mingled with the
earth; and that law has been in force now a
year or two, but it is decidedly objectionable
in some of its features. Some of the Senators
may remember that I opposed the provision
by which any one person could take up under
that law one hundred and sixty acras of those
placer mines, which might be worth thousands
of dollars per acre, and perhaps millions. The
bill was so amended in conference committee,
after the adoption of my amendment in the
Senate limiting it to twenty or forty acres, as
to allow upon claims thereafter located the
taking up of one hundred and sixty acres;
but upon a provision to apply to mines which
were claimed prior to the passage of that law
there was no limit. The effect is that persons
under that law have taken up large tracts of
land in their own right and have obtained
title, sometimes to the extent of a thousand
acres and upward to an individual or a firm
composed of two or three persons. This is
certainly a use that was not intended for the
mining lands. It is not in accordance with
the wishes of those who are prospecting those
lands. These large tracts, after being bo
taken up, are very apt to fall into the owner-
ship of foreigners, non-residents of the coun-
try, and are held by them, and there is no
compulsion upon them to work the mines;
but the honest arid poor miners of my own
State, if I may be allowed to refer to them,
are excluded from these large tracts of rich
mineral ground, precluded from setting their
foot upon them or putting their spade into the
soil. I was told, when in California last year,
and traveled through the mining regions, that
large sections were so taken up in Tuolumne
county, Calaveras county, and Nevada county.
In Placer county two large tracts were taken
up in this way and held to the exclusion of the
miners absolutely, and they may be so held as
long as those persons, non-resident capitalists
living abroad, choose to retain their ownership
in these lands. This is a thing I wish to re-
move. I believe I have made it plain enough,
so that I need not argue it further.
Mr. STEWART. We aie not passing a
code for the placer mines now. There was
an act passed in 1870 for the placer mines. 1
think it a very good law. I have not heard
any complaint about it. There are no placer
mines in my Stale particularly; and I have
not made perhaps a tull examination into that
subject. That, however, is not now under con-
sideration. This applies to veins and lodes.
Mr. COLE. 1 beg the Senator's pardon; it
applies to placer mines. Absolutely a large
pan of the provisions relate to that, though
the part the Senator may have noticed partic-
ularly may not relate to that; but this bill
does legislate for placer mines.
Mr. STEWART. As far as the maehine'fy
for getting the patent is concerned, it requires
them both to go through the same process ;
but as to the claim, extent of claim, and so
on, that is all provided for in the other act.
Now, as to the amendments the Senator pro-
poses, I do not think they are near as good
as the provision of the bill. The bill pro-
vides the amount of work that shall be done
upon the claim until it is patented. It re-
quires $100 worth of work on claims hereafter
located, because a claim hereafter located is
fifteen hundred feet. On claims located here-
tofore it requires ten dollars' worth of work
per annum for each one hundred feet, which
would be about reasonable. There are a great
many claims in the older districts where they
made the experiment of working and failed
years ago that cannot be worked now for the
fear that some old claimant will come up.
The supreme court of California and the
supreme court of Nevada have so far ruled
against the possibility of forfeiture or aban-
donment that a title twenty years old on which
no work has been done is still a cloud, and in
the districts that have been abandoned for
years everybody is afraid to go to work on old
claims. The object, in requiring a little work
to bo done was to make these miners show
their good faith by doing something and re-
quiring them to keep them up until the pat-
ent so issued ; but requiring work to be done
after the patent has been issued would destroy
all the virtue of your patent. The object of
the patent is to give title; it cuts off all un-
certain title ; if the person wants to improve a
claim he can go and buy it, and it becomes
private property, and it is certainly the best
policy to have any kind of property improved
that it shall become private property. Men
think more of a patented claim than they do
of one that is not patented. They will spend
millions in prospecting a patented claim where
they will not spend hundreds of dollars to
prospect a claim where the title is uncertain
and liable to be disturbed by somebody out-
side. A patent title is the best for mining
operations.
Now, for the want of a more definite rale
the' whole region is in litigation. Every man
who goes from here West to locate a claim
finds so much local legislation which is un-
certain that he is discouraged; he finds the
neighborhood all in litigation. To remedy
these evils and trample on nobody's rights,
this bill has been prepared with great care and
labor. It has required a great deal of study,
and I believe this bill is in a better shape than
we shall get it, by attempting to amend it here.
I would have been very glad of the help of the
Senator from California. I have mentioned
this bill to him frequently. If he had referred
his amendments lo the Committee on Mines
and Mining where we could have considered
and havehadafair discussion oil them when
there was time to look into them, I would
have been glad.
Mr. COLE. I hope my friend does not
lake me to task for that, because the bill has
been reported very lately, and I have lost no
time in considering it. It was only yesterday
morning or the day before that I saw it in print.
Mr. STEWART*. When the bill first came
from the House I asked the Senator to look
at it.
Mr. COLE. This is a different bill.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill is being pro-
ceeded wirh by unanimous consent. If we
can have a vote, 1 have no objection to its
further consideration.
Mr. STEWART. I do not propose to
occupy time.
Mr. ALCORN. Having had the honor to
report the bill now under consideration^ I
deem it proper to say a word in regard to it.
I represent a State, and I believe the only
one in the Union, that has no mines or min-
ing. We have no minerals. I represent a
people who are without knowledge of the
