3356
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator will remem-
ber that I am not asking for a day, but only
for an evening.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well; that is the same
thing. 1 wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact that we must not go too far in
this mode of proceeding, or we shall not get
our general business attended to at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Minnesota for Thursday evening with the con-
ditions named ?
Mr. SCOTT. I make no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
none. Does the Senator from California
desire that the same condition shall be im*
posed upon the proceedings of Thursday even-
ing, that no other business shall be acted upon
except business reported from the Post Office
Committee?
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 think it would be best.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then, whoever
presides that evening will understand that he
is not to ask unanimous consent for any other
business, and Thursday, day and evening, is
assigned subject to the unfinished business,
and the unfinished business at half past four
o'clock, whatever it may be, the Senate will
resume on Friday.
HAIMlOADS IN DAKOTA.
Mr. ROREMAN. If it will not interrupt
the Senator from California, I wish to make
nn dibit lo get the Senate to pass the bill m
regard to a railroad in Dakota which is in pro-
cess of construction, a matter of very great
importance to that Territory, and 1 think it
can be passed in a very few minutes.
The V1CE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia asks unanimous consent
that the Senate consider, subject to a demand
fur I he regular ordei, the bill legalizing aia'd-
roud in Dakota Territory which was underde-
ba-e a few days since. If there be no objec-
tion the bii! will be reported, us amended at
thai time, subject to a demand for the regular
order.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee oi the Whole, resumed the con-
sulei.itiou of the bill (S. No. <117) approving
the act passed by the Legislative Assembly of'
1 )akotaTei i ilory aul hoi i/.ing the people to vote
aid lo raihoads.
Mr. POM EROY. Lcl, the bill bo read as it
wiil stand if the amendments be concurred in.
The VICE PRES1 DENT. The impression
ol the Chair is that ihe amendments were all
agieed to.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 suggested several, but
I supposed !hey were not agreed to.
Mr. B( >11 L \l A N. I have some nmend-
menls lo oll'er I hat have not been agreed lo.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
will semi thein up, they will be incorporated
in the bill, and the hill will he read as thus
amended, iftheie be no objection.
Mr. ROREMAN. They aie repoi led by the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
inhumed that the previous amendments were
agreed to. The Secietary will report the bill
as proposed to be amended by ihe Senator
itom \\ est Virginia
I he Chii:f Ci.khu,. It is proposed to amend
the amendment, by striking out in line nine-
teen the wouls " t,he organization of «<aul com-
pany, and to insert *'the said Dakota South-
ern R.ujioad Company as organized under and
in conformity to the acts of the Legislative
Assembly oi said Territory, is hereby recog-
nized and declared to be a legal and valid cor-
poration; ' and also to insert as an additional
section the following :
Skc. 2. That for the pmpaso of enabling the said
Dakota  >mt hern II ill road Company to construct its
t.iid ruiliond through the public lands between the
termini aiore^Hd, the right of way through the said
public lands i.= hereby granted to the said company
to the extent oi one hundred feet m width on each
side of said road.
So that the bill, if amended as proposed,
will read:
That theaotpassed by the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Dakota, and approved by the Gov-
ernor on the 21st day of April, 1871, entitled 44 An
act to enable organized counties and townships to
vote aid to any railroad, and to provide for the pay-
ment of the same," be, and the same is hereby, dis-
approved and annulled, oxccpt in so tar as is herein
otherwise provided. But the passage of this act
shall not invalidate or impair the organization of
the company heretofore organized for the construc-
tion of the Dakota Southern railroad, leading from
Sioux City, Iowa, by way of Yankton, the capital of
said Territory, to the west line of I3on Homme
county, or any vote that has been or may be given
by the counties of Union, Clay, Yankton, and Bon
Homme, or any township granting aid to said rail-
road, or any subscription thereto, or anything au-
thorized by, and that may have been done in pursu-
ance of, the provisions of the aforesaid act of the
Legislative Assembly of said Territory toward the
construction and completion ot said railroad ; and
thesaid DakotaSouthern Ilailroad Company, as or-
ganized under, and in conformity to, the acts of the
Legislative Assembly of said Territory, is hereby rec-
ognized and declaied to be a legal and valid ooi Dur-
ation; and the provisions of saul act of said Legisla-
tive Assembly, so far as the same authorize, and for
tho purpose ot validating any vote ot aid and sub-
scriptions to said company for the construction,
completion, and equipment of thd main stem of said
railroad, between tho termini aforesaid, are hereby
declared to be and leuiaiu in lull foiue, but no
lurther, and for no other purpos o whatsoever.
Skc. 2. That for the purpose of enabling tho said
Dakota Southern Ilailroad Company to construct its
said road through the public* lands between the
termini aforesaid, tho right of way through the said
public lands is hereby grunted to tho said company
to the extent of one hundred feet in width on each
side of said road.
Mr. STEWART, i do nut wish to obstruct
the passage of this bill. I know the necessity
under which this road and many others labor ;
but 1 believe; that the general bill which I
reported this morning will relieve them all,
and therefore 1 will move that as a substitute
for this bill, striking out all after the enacting
clause.
Mr. BOREMAN. I trust the Senator will
not do that.
Air. POMEROY. If the Senator insists
upon that, amendment 1 shall move to refer
Ihe bill and amendment, to the Committee on
Public Lands. This practice of having three
or four committees to report on the same class
of bills makes confusion, f am willing that
this bill should go through because it has been
up two or three times and has been examined.
We have looked at it and put our amendments
upon it. But if there is to be substituted for
this bill the bill lrom the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, then 1 shall move to refer
that to the Committee on 1*111)110 Lauds.
Mr. STEWART. 1 do not care what com-
mittee considers it. There were some eight
or ten ol* this same class of bills before the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad. This
general bill was icported by the Committee
, on (lie Pacific, Ilailroad with a view of reliev-
; ing the ditlieulty, and I ntn certain it does.
I believe in general legislation. I say here
that special legislation is very dangerous. It
is impossible to scrutinize a great number of
special bills; whereas if we could have one
general law, they would nil be served alike.
It we continue to pass special bills, some will
contain such restrictions that they cannot go
on; others will proceed with such indorse-
ments of the United States as will impose
upon those who purchase their bonds. It is
not becoming to have a large number of pri
vate corporations incorporated by the Govern-
ment of the United States. Jt is a very dan-
gerous thing. It would be said in such cases,
"The Government of the United States has
guarantied the bonds; it is a United States
corporation." Now, let us have a general
bill. Jf the ono we have prepared with a
gieafc deal of labor and care is not right, let
us have some other general bill. I should
like to have the substitute that 1 offer read.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. The Senator
has a right to have it read before the motion
to refer is put.
Mr. BOREMAN. I trust the Senator from
Nevada will not insist upon that amendment.
Mr. STEWART. Well, I will withdraw it,
but I insist upon it that this special legislation
is the most vicious in the world.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the amendments of the committee
will be regarded as agreed to, and they are
agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
The committee proposed to amend the title
of the bill so as to make it read :
A bill approving and validating the organization
of the Dakota Southern Railroad Company, and the
voting of aid and subscriptions thereto, in pursu-
ance of an act of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Dakota, approved by the Governor April
21,1871, entitled "An act to enable organized coun-
ties and townships to vote aid to any railroad, and
to provide for the payment of the same," and disap-
proving and annulling said last-mentioned act lor
any further or other purpose.
Mi. POMEROY. That is a tremeudous
title foi such a small bill.
Mr. ROREMAN. I think that title ought
to be amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that tho title be amended so as to read,
''An act in relation to the Dakota Southern
Railroad Company."
Mr. BO R EM AN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
amended.
DKNVBll AND rio GHANBE RAILWAY,
Mr. STEWART. Now, I desire to give
notice that when any other of these bills shall
come up T shall move to substitute for it this
general bill. I hope, therefore, those who are
interested in the matter will look and tee if
this bill reported from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad does not cover all these cases.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senator will not
insist upon that until the bill to which I have
referred is passed. It is exactly of the Mimu
character as the one which lias just been
pas-ed. It is Senate bill No. 984.
Mr. STEWART. I will wait for one more,
then.
t The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California yields, the Senator from Penn-
sylvania asks unanimous consent to call up
Semite bill No. 08 L
Mr. CASSERLY rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object?
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir. I am sorry to
see that the Vice President seems to take it
for granted that when I rise I rise to object.
[Laughter.] 1 cannot object now, although
it ought to be kept in mind by Senators that
voting on the amendatory enforcement bill and
pending amendments is to commence at two
o'clock, and of course these discussions lessen
by so much the time for debate in the mean-
while.
Mr. POMEROY. I was about to say that
whenever the general bill to which the Senator
from Nevada has alluded does come up before
the Senate, I shall move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, because that com-
mittee was organized for that department of
labor and business of the Senate. I do not
know but that the bill may be right as it is:
but that committee have not yet considered
the subject; and now the Committee on Ter-
ritories have finally got hold of the railroad
question and the right of way through the
public lands.
Mr. STEWART. I will say in reply to that,
that the Committee on Public Lands never
was organized to create corporations, aud one
or two that have gone through from that com-
mittee admonish the Senate to be careful of
corporations from that committee.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad certainly have no more to do
with this subject than the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. They are a distinctive organiza-
