4252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jnne 5,
priation bill, the fortification bill, and then
there ia the rivei; and harbor bill. This will
not do at the present time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made, and the request cannot be enter-
tained.
FISK UNIVRRSITY.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2862) to confirm the purchase by the ex-
ecutive department of three acres of land,
more or less, in the vicinity of Nashville, Ten-
nessee, known as the siie of Fort Houston,
and to donate and convey the same to the
Fisk ^University for educational purposes, re-
port it back. This bill has passed the House,
and I am directed by the committee to ask
that it be considered at this time by the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us get through with
the regular reports.
Mr. POMEROY. J have tried these three
mornings to get this bill up. I shall never try
it again.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. CAS8ERLY. I do not know anything
about, the bill", and I should like some time to
examine it. I have not heard of it, either as a
member of the committee orin the Committee
of Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator had been
present he would have heard it.
Mr. OASSLCRLY. 1 wish to examine it,
'The Senator from Kansas knows lam present
in the committee at its meetings whenever I
can be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will go on the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. A delegation have been
here about a week from ihe Fisk University.
I have conferred witli the Senator from Ten-
nessee, the Senator from Vermont, and Sen-
ators around me. 1 have discharged my
duty. The bill may lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. I'OMEROi". The Senator from Cali-
fornia desires to withdraw his objection to the
Kislc University bill.
Mr. OASSERLY. I am willing to with-
draw it and have the bill come before the
Senate. 1 liave inquired, however, of per-
sons who are informed, and I understand the
piece of ground alfeeted by this net is a very
valuable piece of ground in one of the very
best parts of the city of Nashville.
The L'RUSIDINU OFFlCEIt. The Sen-
ator from Ohio ia entitled to the lloor.
suratttKs of hooks and i-aimors.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from New
Jeisey [Mr. FukunoiuiyskxJ is now present,
and 1 ag.im astt for action on the House
amendment to the bill S. No. 780. He de-
sires to submit au amendment, to one seetiou
of it. 1 have no objection to the amendment
cxcept that it sends the bill back to the House,
and I wish to accomplish the object ho does,
ami I think the bill does it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without intei fering with
the Senator from Ohio, I wish to make u mo
tion.and will make a statement in regard to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let this bill be taken up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not object to its
being taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it is up now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be considered as before the Senate.
Air. TRUMBULL. On the 18th of April,
nearly two months ago, there was sent over
from the House of Representatives a bill (II.
R. No- 2825) to regulate the seizure and exam-
ination of invoices, books, and papers in cus-
toms revenue cases. That bill was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have hitherto been
unable to come to au agreement in reference
to it, and to report it back to the Senate.
The session is thawing to its close. I have
received quite a number of telegrams and let-
ters urging action upon the bill. The bill, in
my judgment, is a very important one, and I
think action ought to be taken uponit. Under
the circumstances, in order to relieve myself,
and I can only speak for myself—I am not
speaking in behaif of the committee—and to
show that I have discharged my duty in refer-
ence to it, I move that the Committee on the
Judiciary be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill, and that it go upon the
Calendar, so that the Senate can take such
action as it thinks proper, if it thinks proper to
take any.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a very important bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is an important bill
which has been before the Judiciary Commit-
tee some six or seven weeks without our being
able to come to an agreement upon it and
report it back to the Senate. As we are so near
the close of the session, and it is very doubt-
ful whether the committee can be got together
to come to an agreement upon it at this late
stage of the sessiou, in time at any rate for
any action, J make the motion that the com-
mittee be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it go on the Calendar.
Mr. KDMUNDS, Is that motion in order
at this time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
entertained only by unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUND8. inasmuch as the Senator
from Illinois is entirely mistaken in his facts,
I will object.
LANDS SOLD FOR DIHECT TAXKS.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now 1 ask for action on
the bill which I have called up. The Senator
from New .Jersey suggests an amendment to
section seven. J have no objection to it,
although I do not think it necessary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think for abundant
caution it had better go in.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. N. 780) to provide for the redemption
and sale of lands held by the United States
under th<> several acts levying direct taxes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of
the IIon.se of Representatives, which will be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all alter the enacting clause
and insert the following:
That all the lands now owned or hold by the
United Slates by virtue ot pioceedmgsunder tiieact
_ on I it lod " An act for tho collection of direct taxes in
tho insurrectionary districts within the United
States, ami for other purposos," approved June 7,
1SG2, and under acts supplementary thereto, or upon
tht> same subjoct-matler, tuny he redeemed a <l re-
stored to sueh persons as shall make application
, Uiorotor to the Seorerary of the Troasuiy, through
| the ('ouimis.siouer oi Internal Revenue, within two
1 years from tin; passage of th is net, and furnish satis-
i factory evidence to said Department that such per-
i son or applicant in ©acii case was at the nine the
I United States nccjuito<i litlo thereto tho legal owner
j of .such hind, or the heir at law, or devisee of sueh
! legal owner; but belore such redemption shall be
i awarded and title restored on any such application
I ami proof, such applicant shall pay into the Treasury
i oi tho United States thodirect tax charged against the
; lands described in such application, together with
j tho com ot advertising and of the sale of said lands,
] and all other proper charges against tho same, and
interest on said tax from the date ol its assess-
ment at the rate of ten per cent, per annum, and
interest on said costs and chaiges at the same
rate, from the time they accrued and were pay-
able: Provided* however, That it any other poison
or porsons than such applicant shall in any case make
satisfactory evidence to said Department tbat he or
they, utter tho acquisition of title by the United {States
and before the passage of this act, made valuable and
permanent improvements on said land in good faith
and undor colornl legal title, itshall then bethead-
ditional duty of sueh applioantfor redemption to pay
to such person or persons the reasonable value of
such permanent improvements at the time of actual
redemption; and it the applicant and sueh person
or persons fail to agree upon and amicably settle
such claim for improvements, then the value thereof
shall bo assessed and reported to the Secretary of the
Treasury, under oath, by three competent and dis-
interested freeholders, residents of the county or
parish in which such land is situate, who shall be
appointed for that purpose by the United States
district judge of the district where the lands are
situate, upon information from the Secretary of the
Treasury that a claim for compensation for such
permanent improvements is pending in any case,
and unadjusted by the parties thereto. It shall also
bo the duty of said board of freeholders to state in
their report the nature of said improvements, when
they were made, by whom, andthe reasonable value
thereof, as aforesaid, aud any other tacts that may
be in their judgment material to a fair and just de-
termination of the rights ot the parties. They shall
send one copy of such report to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and file a duplicate thereof in the office
of the clerk of the highest court of record of the
State, in the county or parish where such land is
situate. The reasonable lees of said board shall bo
borne and paid equally by the parties to said con-
troversy.
Sec. 2. That whenever the foregoing conditions
have been complied with, and redemption and res-
toration of title has been awarded in any case by
the Secretary of the Treasury, it shall bo the duty
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to make
out a certificate of release of the interest and title
oi the United States in and to such lands in dupli-
cate, which shall be approved in writing by rhe
Secretaiy of the Treasury, and his approval indorsed
thereon; and then one copv thereof shall be deliv-
ered to such applicant andthe ocher filed in the
office of said Commissioner.
Sec. 3. That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, with the approval ot the Secretary of the
Treasury, shall, as soon as may be after the passage
of this act, prescribe and promulgate such rules and
regulations, not inconsistent with the provisions of
this act, as may be necessary and proper to facilitate
the execution of this act and secure the mostspeedy
and least expensive attainment of the purpose here-
of that is practicable.
Sue. 4. That if at the expiration of the time here-
inbeioro allowed for redemption there shall remain
any of said lands unredeemed, it shall then be the
duty of tlie said Commissioner ot Internal Revenue,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to proceed to sell at public auction, as soon as may
bo consistent with the public interest, the lands not
redeemed and restored, and to release and convoy
tho same to the purchasers in the manner aforesaid,
and in the meantime and until so sold to lease the
same.
Sice. 5. That all lands now owned by the United
States acquired under the provisions of any of the
United Siates direct tax acts, situated m the State
ot Souih Carolina, including all tracts or lots of land
purchased under Army and Navy sales, not, paid for
in full at the present time, shall be included in tho
piovisions ol this act: P/ovided, however. That the
applications of tho purchasers under Army and
INavy sales shall, lor six months after the passage of
this act, have precedence so far as relates to the land
purchased by fhom.
Skc. 6. That all money derived from the sale of
school-farm hinds, under the piovisious of section
eight, of an aetentitled "An act to continue in force
and to amend ' An act to establish a Bureau tor the
relici of Kroedmen and Itelugees, andl'or other pur-
poses,' " approved July 16, lSt>(j, and whioh money
is now in the custody of the Frcedmcn's Bureau, be,
and the samo is hereby, appropriated lor the use
and support of tree public schools m the parishes of
Sf. Helena and Si. Luke, South Carolina, in equal
parts, to be expended under the direction and con-
trol of a special boaid ot three commissioners, who
shall bo appointed by and act under the direction
ol tho Secretary of the Trcasuiy, and shall be duly
sworn th.it they will faithfully discharge their duties
as such commissioners, and shall give such good and
suUioiuui, bonds therefor as said Secretary shall re-
quire, and who shall not receivo more than #100 per
year each for their services.
Sku. 7. That tho provisions of this act shall not. be
construed to apply to or embrace any lands, farms,
plantations, or lots which are now. in whole orin
part, used or occupied by the United States for na-
tional cemeteries, or other public purposes, or which
under tho instructions of the President of the Uni-
l ted States, have been reserved for military or naval
purposes, or sueh lots ot land on Hunting Island,
South Carolina, as may be necessary as a site for the
oicetion of a light-house, or tho lot in the town of
Beaufort, in said State, designated on the plat ot tho
late commissioners of direct taxes for said State as
lot E, bloek sixty-one.
Skc. 8. Tbat the premises known and designated
as block one hundred and twenty-three on the plat
aforesaid, in the town of Beaufort aforesaid, now
occupied as a court-house lor the county of Beau-
fort, in said State, be, and the same are hereby,
released unto s.tid county, for the public usesof said
county; and that all sums of money due to the
United States on account of said premises be, and
they are hereby, released in favor of said county.
Skc. 9. That section two of an act entitled "An
aet for the relief oi purchasers of land sold for direct
taxes in the insurrectionary States." approved May
9.1872, be, and the same is hereby, amended to read
as follows:
"Skc. 2. That in all cases where tho owner of any
land sold for taxes as aforesaid, his heirs or assigns,
has recovered or^ shall recover the same from the
purchaser, his heirs or assigns, without collusion on
his or their part, by the judgment of any United
States court, by reason of a failure, without his or
their fault or neglect, of the title of the purchaser
derived from said sale, the Secretary of tbe Treas-
ury, on the payment into the Treasury, by the clerk,
ot tho money deposited with hita as aforesaid, and
on being satisfied that any purchaser, his heirs or
assigns, without his or their collusion, has been
evicted froifior turned out of possession of any such
land by the judgment of any UnitedStates court, in
