1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1565
me to interrupt him for the purpose of getting
at the precise point on that question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I know the Senator
is able to discuss that point very ably and
soundly, and I want to hear his views about
it. My opinion on that point I have stated,
and it is this: of course the President may
resort to such moans of obtaining information
as he pleases, but to say in advance that he
will send three men out to Chicago to examine
into the question of who shall be appointed
postmaster, and then that he will appoint the
man they say ought to be appointed, although
he may know a dozen men there better quali-
fied for the place, and may happen to know
each one of the three men recommended to
be unfit for the place—I say for the President
to pledge himself in advance to such a course
is to pledge himself to violate his duty under
the Constitution, which is that he should exer-
cise his discretion and judgment at the time
he makes the nomination with all the inform-
ation he can derive from all sources.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Senator
from Wisconsin know that the President now
appoints to all these local offices the persons
recommended by the member from the district,
if in accord with the Administration?
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not. On the
contrary, I have requested repeated nomina-
tions which were never made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is not a
Representative.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am a Republican
Senator, and in our State we have a Democratic
district that has no Republican member, and
in which the courtesy of the Department would
have extended to me the appointment. But
what I desire to say in that connection is, not
that I have not made recommendations, nor
that appointments have not sometimes been
made upon my recommendation, but what is
false in the statement of that report, and false
in the whole theory upon which this discussion
proceeds, is that the member of Congress actu-
ally or in substance controls the appointments.
Of course, his recommendation is listened to
with more or less consideration, but it does
not control the appointment, so far as my
experience goes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a matter of fact
which the Senator from Wisconsin and myself
do not understand alike. I understand the
rule to be different, and I think the people
understand it so, and I think the members of
Congress understand it so.
Mr. CARPENTER. Of course I only speak
for myself and my own experience. I do not
know what other Senators may do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My understanding is
that as a rule the Representative in harmony
with the Administration does control the local
appointments of his district. There may be
an exceptional case sometimes. Of course,
if it was brought to the notice of the appoint-
ing pow'er that the Representative recom-
mended a man who was dishonest, or corrupt,
or anything of that kind, he would not be ap-
pointed ; but I do understand that the selec-
tion is left to the Representative from the
district. Why, sir, in my State at this very
session of Congress, the collector and assessor
in one of our Republican districts have both
been changed by the member from the district
who succeeded the former Republican mem-
ber because they were not satisfactory to him.
They were not removed on charges at all, but
the present member preferred having two other
Republicans in the place of the two incum-
bents who had been put there by his predeces-
sor, and he has succeeded in having them both
removed and two others put in their places;
and I understand that to be the general rule.
Now the Congress of the United States in
this act, which I will read, has surrendered up
to the President the entire control over this
subject. It is as follows:
" That the President of tha United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized, to prescribe such rules and
regulations for the admission of persons into the
civil service of the United States as will beet pro-
mote the efficiency thereof, and ascertain the fitness
of each candidate in respect to age, health, charac-
ter, knowledge, and ability for the branch of service
into which he seeks to enter."
We have given to the President all the power
that Congress has over the subject. All the
authority which the legislative department
of the Government has to prescribe rules and
regulations for the admission of persons into
the civil service has been given to the Presi-
dent. The President has under the Consti-
tution all the power which belongs to the
Executive. The whole powerjo prescribe the
mode of appointment to office is now in the
Executive of the United States, and I say to
the Senator from Wisconsin he may to-mor-
row, if he thinks proper, promulgate a rule,
that he will appoint, or have appointed, no.
man to be postmaster who is not the choice
of the people of the locality, to be ascertained
by an election, if he thinks proper to adopt
that mode, and I think it would be a proper
one to adopt.
I am in favor of allowing every locality
throughout the United States to select its own
postmaster. That would take away a vast
deal of patronage. Why should not the peo-
ple who send and receive mail matter at any
place be permitted to select the person through
whom they will send and receive it? And why
may not the President under the authority of
this law proclaim that he will not appoint
anybody to be postmaster in any locality who
does not furnish the evidence that he is the
choice of those who receive their mail matter
at the office ? This would virtually allow the
people to elect their own postmasters, and
take away a vast deal of patronage. The
President may not in his rules bind himself
absolutely that he will appoint the person
chosen. The power to vary the rules will
always be in his own hands, so that he would
not be compelled to appoint an unfit or dis-
honest person even if elected; but he may
establish a rule on which he intends to act.
The whole authority to establish rules and
regulations to correct, abuses in the civil ser-
vice is now with the President. He has all
the authority Congress can give him. He has
all the authority that the Constitution of the
United States has conferred upon him, and
if the civil service system is not reformed, it
is because the President has been unable to
devise the means of doing it. He has called
to his assistance seven gentlemen to help him
to frame regulations which shall purify this
system. The Sehator wants_ to know what
this appropriation of $50,000 is for. It is to
pay the expenses of this commission, to pay
the expense, if you please, of ascertaining the
voice of the people, provided the President
shall declare that ne will submit the selection
of postmasters to those interested.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to ask my
friend whether such a thing would be prac-
ticable without an act of Congress authorizing
such an election to be held, without inspectors,
and without proceedings to prevent all sorts
of fraud? Such an election would satisfy
nobody in a legal point of view.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would be entirely
practicable. He could make the regulations for
it. It is difficult for us to legislate and do it.
We are troubled with constitutional provis-
ions ; but he has called to his assistance this
commission, and they may prescribe regula-
tions for holding an election, which he can, if
he thinks proper, adopt for his own guidance.
Mr. CARPENTER. Does the Senator
maintain that this commission could recom-
mend and the President adopt a regulation
authorizing an election in Milwaukee for post-
master and punishing any man who should
vote twice ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not undertake to
say that he could punish men who should vote
twice, but he could adopt regulations, and he
could say as part of those regulations that if ,
there was any fraudulent voting he would not
regard the election. It would require a law
to punish crime. The President cannot adopt
a criminal code; but the President can adopt,
under this law which gives him the express
power to do it, such regulations as he thinks
proper in regard to the admission of persons
into the civil service, and he can say, " I will
admit nobody into the service as a postmaster
until he presents to me the evidence to be
ascertained by a fair vote, and not by double
voting, that he is the choice of the locality."
There would be no sort of trouble in adopting
such a rule.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
permit me, there would be the greatest pos-
sible trouble in enforcing it. There is, of
course, no difficulty in writing down such a
rule; but how are you to cnforce it ? Sup-
pose you order such an election in Milwaukee,
and people from Madison, a hundred miles
off, come and put their votes in the box. You
cannot keep them out unless you pass a law to
punish illegal voting, and that you cannot do.
The Senator says we cannot do it because we
are hampered with the Constitution, and as we
are hampered with the Constitution, and can-
not do it, we propose to confer the power on
the President, and let him do it. I know the
Senator is a practical man, and I want to vote
for anything that is practical, and I ask him
how we are to do the thing he wants to do in
that way ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me a very
simple thing to do. I have not said we could
not pass a law to punish a man for illegal vot-
ing under an election authorized under the
laws of the United States.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
pardon me, can we pass a law regulating an
election and punishing illegal voting for an
officer that the Constitution says shall not be
elected by the people, but shall be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate? If we may do that,
the Senator from Illinois is going further to
centralize power in this Government than any
Federalist that I ever heard of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it centralize power
to allow the President of the United States to
ascertain through an election the voice of the
people in reference to an appointment which
the Constitution gives him ? How does it give
any more power? Has not the Federal Gov-
ernment got the power to appoint postmasters ?
Does it add any to that power in the opinion
of the Senator from Wisconsin because you
adopt some machinery before you act? That
is no assumption of new power. It is only
regulating the exercise of power already ex-
isting, and which is conceded to the General
Government.
Mr. CARPENTER. But the power under
the Constitution is vested in the President,
not in the people. If the people'were author-
ized by the Constitution to elect a postmaster,
that would be the grant of power which would
carry with it the incident to regulate the hold-
ing of an election by law. But where you have
not got the grant itself, can you have the inci-
dent? If there cannot be an election by the
people to the office of postmaster, can Congress
punish anybody for illegal voting at such an
election ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Congress can regulate
the exercise of the appointing power just as it
can regulate all the other powers that are
granted to the Executive. The Constitution
of the United States expressly authorizes Con-
gress to pass all laws necessary and proper for
carrying into execution any of the granted
powers or any power vested in any department
of the Government, and the power of appoint-
ment to office is vested in' the Executive, and
the Constitution in terms authorizes the Con-
gress of the United States to pass all laws
necessary and proper to regulate that power.
We cannot take it away ; I agree to that; but
