1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 390) granting a pension to
Sarah Evans ;
A bill(H. R. No. 434) to establish certain
post routes in the State of Indiana ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1061) to authorize the
payment of duplicate checks of disbursing
officers.
CORPORATION INCOME TAX.
«
Mr. SCOTT submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (S.
No. 362) declaratory of an act entitled "An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved July 14, 1870; which
was received informally, and ordered to be
printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFKRRED.
The following bilis from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations :
A bill (H. R. No. 1060) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, «xecutive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government, for t,he year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1071) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the. United >States for the year
ending June 30, 1873.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATION.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the apportionm 'lit bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration ot the bill (H. R. No. 243) for
the apportionment of Representatives to Con-
gress among the several States according to
the ninth census, the pending question being
on the first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, at the conclusion of my remarks I shall
propose an amendment to the first, section of
the House bill which will give the same ratio
as proposed in the paper printed by the Judi-
ciary Committee with their reported substitute
for the House bill, marked " D." I mention
this so that Senators raay be able to look at
the paper and examine it. for themselves. It
will be seen that this will add a Representa-
tive to several additional States: to the State
of Pennsylvania, one ; to the State of Alabama,
one; to the State of Tennessee, one; to the
State of New Hampshire, one; to the State
of Florida, one; and to the State of Vermont,
one ; and under the computation used by the
Judiciary Committee, taking the whole num-
ber at two hundred and ninety, it will have
the effect of giving every State at least as
many Representatives as it now has, and it
will add a few more to some of the States
which I have mentioned, and increase the
number fixed in the House bill by nine.
Mr. THURMAN. There is so much con-
fusion that I did not catch the statement of the
Senator, and I should thank him if he would
repeat it. He names certain States, and says
that to each thero will be one member added.
Is that in addiiion to the number now in the
House bill ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir;
taking as a basis the aggregate number of two
hundred and ninety and adding for fractions.
It will give, however, two hundred and ninety-
two as the total number of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
I am not unmindful, Mi\ President, thatitis
already apparent that the Senate may have
reached a conclusion upon the bill before us,
and I shall, therefore, consume as little time
as possible in the discussion of the questions
involved, and no move than may be necessary
to exhibit a few of its enormities. The delay
accorded will not. have lengthened my speech.
The exigencies which demand early action, I
fear, are forcing us to accept of some gross
improprieties. I cannot believe, however, that
the votes of seventeen States to which extra
representation has been accorded by the House
bill, will at last be found to block the way of
all amendments. I cannot believe that a ma-
jority of the Senate, where Republicans largely
predominate, will sanction anything less than
a full and complete observance of all consti-
tutional requirements.
The substitute reported by the Judiciary
Committee contains some features which com-
mend it to my judgment. It observes all con-
stitutional requirements, which the-House bill
does not. I carefully listened to the interest-
ing opening speech of the distinguished chair
man of the committee, [Mr. Trumbull;] but
whether he opened for the House bill or the
substitute, I should not have known had he
not said he spoke as the organ of the com-
mittee. I admit his perfect fairness, however,
as he appears to be contented with either
proposition, provided he can get rid of the
other promptly. But 1 think, as the chairman
has nearly or quite abandoned the measure of
his committee, only proposing to vote for it
himself, without asking anybody else to so vote,
that it would be a useless waste of time to scan
its merits or demerits. Something else must
be sought for greater favor.
The subject of apportionment of representa-
tion, touching the interest and pride of every
State, always complex, and growing more so
bv the growth of our population, the expansion
of our territory, and the rapid birth of new
interests and new States, cannot now be, as it
never has been, properly and fairly settled
without the most careful and mature delibera-
tion. From the foundation of the Government
it has been one of difficult adjustment. At the
outset the difficulty was accommodated by
allowing slaves to figure in the double attitude
of property and persons, the deduciion of two
fifths when counted as persons being compen-
sated by an equal deduction when estimated
for taxes, and in addition by yielding for the
time, or for five years, an excess of represent-
ation to the southern States, then expected to
increase in population much more rapidly than
any other States, and this increase was to be
taken care of in the enumeration provided for
at an early day. The very first Congress pro-
posed as its first amendment to the Constitu-
tion a complicated article by which the aggre-
gate number was not to be less than a given
number, nor more than one Representative for
so many thousand persons, but this article was
not ratified by the requisite number of States.
While the apportionment bill alter the census
of 1790 was under consideration by Washing-
ton, he was urged by Jefferson, in a very elab-
orate argument, to veto the bill, though it
yielded, as he said, a " tolerably just result;"
becausc thatresult had not been reached in strict
conformity to the Constitution, and because
he thought some use of the veto power would
then be popular. Washington did veto the
bill, not because fractions were represented,
but because the whole number exceeded the
limitation of the Constitution, being more than
one for every thirty thousand, and the bill which
finally passed with his approval sanctioned frac-
tional representation.
The business of the national Legislature at
the outset was very small when compared with
its present magnitude. Then it was expected
by many that Congress would sit no longer
than six or eight weeks in the year, while half
a year now barely suffices. Increased growth
has been followed by increased demands from
all quarters of our greatly enlarged territory,
and by our introduction as a first rate Power
into the society of nations. The annual ex-
penses of our foreign intercourse were esti-
mated by the Secretary of State in 1790 at
less than forty thousand dollars, and it included
two ministers, twocharg^d'affaires, oneagent,
and one consul only. Nowhere are we more
economical to-day than in the expenditures of
our foreign service, and yet we have made a
long stride beyond the estimate of Jefferson,
as we now count ministers by the score and con-
suls by the hundred. The whole requirements
of the Treasury undet> our most consummate
financier, Hamilton, were less, for instance,
than those now demanded, in consequence ot'
the extinguishment of Indian land titles, for
the support of a single bureau in the Interior
Depaitment. Van Buren was driven from
power by the extravagance of his administra-
tion, and yet its annual cost was but a trifle
more than our present pension-roll.
We ought, therefore, to concede liberal num-
bers to the House of Representatives; and a
longer time than was originally anticipated for
the transaction of business has become indis-
pensable. Tbis has been done, for the House
was started at sixty five Representatives only.
There are now more questions to be solved and
more measures to be matured, bui it may be
welt to look forward lest too great numbers
shall retard business, and when decided make
it even less satisfactory to the people. The
time will assuredly come when the ratio of
representation will have to be increased rather
than the number of Representatives, but that
time may not be until we shall have passed
three hundred or perhaps even four hundred.
Several of the Governments of Europe have
larger representative bodies than we have, but
their system ot governmentdiffers widely from
our own, and representatives there are not all
expected to be active, working members. Mon-
archies tolerate drones, but republics do not.
In addition to the Representatives, it must
be borne in mind that we have now to provide
seats for ten territorial Delegates. If to the
two hundred and eighty-three Representative*,
are added these, together with the officers and
reporters of' the House, we shall find that it
will require a halJ of such ample dimensions
for their accommodation that members with
weak lungs will only couut in committee-
rooms. .Is there any argument in favor of
increasing the number of the House of Rep-
resentatives now from two hundred and forty-
three to two hundred and eighty-three that
will not be of equal force at the next decade
and again iu 1890? With a hundred millions
of population what is to be the size of the
House ot' Representatives? Let me say you
can easily advance, but, however uuteuablo
the position, it may be impossible to retreat.
Representatives, lynx-eyed as they will be fur
the integrity of their own districts, can rarely
be expected to aid in blotting them out, or
in blotting out their owu official existence. If
the aggregate number of the House should
ever be found excessive, or attended by any
evils, it must be admitted the errOr cannot be
easily eradicated ; the patient will not submit
to be purged; and yet it may not be wholly
needless to look out for the perpetually rising
tide of population, and for a considerable
increase of new States that must come m on
an equal footing with the old States. At
'every decade fresh numbers will knock at our
doorsfor admission. While, therefore, Ishould
not be wholly irreconciled to the policy of
increased numbers if increased fairly and prop-
erly, my inclination rather leads me to pause.
With the advent of railroads and the conse-
quent rapid means of communication, Repre-
sentatives are now better qualified to bear the
burden of large districts than iu the earlier
days of the Republic, and their acquaintance
with the field they represent is far more com-
plete. The increased expense ofa large House,
if there are any solid advantages in favor of
such a House, ought not, to be weighed in the
balance. It is, nevertheless, an item.
It would almost appear that Congress, when
the apportionment bill after the census of 1850
