1812.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Senator from Kansas—Report.
Senate.
especially to that part referring to Mr. Perry
Fuller and his quarters. [The testimony of
Edward Uus-sell given before this committee
was here read over to the witneRg, for which
see page —.] Now, tell what you know about
Perry Fuller coming there and where he had
Lis quarters.
Answer. I do not know where he had his
quarters. I was there from the beginning of
the struggle. Perry Fuller was there a few
days btslore the elecnon. The caucusing and
lighting had been going on nearly a week he-
foie he got there. I remember his coming,
because they serenaded Mr. Clarke one night,
and he arrived just at that time.
Question. About how many days before the
election did he arrive?
Answer. I could not tell exactly ; but two
or three. But I think the heaviest part of the
struggle was over before he got there, except
that in regard to the election of Mr. Robs.
Question. Were you frequently at the hotel
where I was ?
Answer. Very seldom. My own name in
the early part of the canvass had been used.
I think I was not in your room, although I
met you once or twice. My recollection is
that you had nearly enough votes before the
people, and was the only candidate who had.
You were not elected the first day in the two
houses, but op the first ballot in joint session.
My impression is that Mr. Pomeroy had the
largest number of votes of any candidate ; that
is, the largest number before the people. That
was the understanding.
Question. In whose interest was Perry Ful-
ler? Whom did he come for?
Answer. I do not know who he came for.
He worked for Mr, Boss. When Mr. Ross
came I saw him in the Governor's room, and,
as he had only a few votes, I asked him whether
he was a candidate. He said he was on the
Micawber platform, waiting to see what would
turn up.
Question. That was Ross ?
Answer. Yes. sir, I remember he asked me
about the impeachment, or said something
about it, but not relevant to this matter.
Question. Were you acquainted with the
majority of the members of the Legislature ?
Answer. Yes, sir ; I think I knew most of
them, or all of them.
Question. Was there any distinctive Demo-
cratic candidate or party in the Legislature ?
Answer. All 1 know was, the night 1 had
the local caucus nomination, Judge Lecompte,
with, i think, eleven others, came into my
room and tendered me their support, and said
there were thirteen Democrats in the Legisla-
ture. He said I could get them all, or nearly
all; that there was no Democratic candidate.
Question. How many members of the Legis-
lature were there in all?
Answer. One hundred and nine or tea.
Every new county gives a new member.
Question. As you were a candidate yourself,
I would like to ask you sow—I have never
asked you the question—whether yon know of
anything improper having been done by me or
niv friends in that election?
Answer. 1 do not. I did not know of any-
thing improper. I heard wmora but not in
regard to yourself; but, of course, I cannot
tell hearsay. Mr. Fuller and myself wire
not on terms in the army. He was a eon-
tractor?
Question. Not on terms of friendship ?
Answer. No, sir; not at all. I scarcely
ever spoke to him, but I saw him there. I
saw him the night before the joint session. I
went down to the room of General Lees I
had heard something about that.
Question. Do you know of his making any
effort at all for me?
Answer. None whatever., I did not under-
stand that he did at all.
Question. You understood hiea to be for
whom ?
Amwet. For Mr. Ross.
By Mr. Losas :
Question. You speak of rumors; were those
rumors in reference to the election of Mr.
Pomisroy' or Mr. Ross?
Answer. At that time the rumors seemed
to be with regard to Mr. Ross ; but I do not like
to swear to rumors.
Question. I do not ask you to, but I ask
whether they were concerning Mr. Pomep.oy
or Mr. Ross?
Answer. My impression is that Mr. Pomeroy
was the only candidate who had a majority, or
so near it that his election was almost certain,
and it did not affect him to any extent. There
were very furious caucuses for two weeks
before the election. I know I had withdrawn
before Perry Fuller arrived. I conceded Mr.
Pom eroy's election as certain before Mr. Fuller
got there.
Washington, D. C.,
Monday, May 27.1872.
Hon. Edmund G-. Boss Sworn and examined.
By Mr. LogaS:
Question. Please give your name in full, and
your age ?
Answer. Edmund G. Ross; forty-five.
Question. Your residence and occupation?
Answer. Coffeyville, Kansas; publisher.
Question. We are now inquiring. Mr. Ross,
into some matters connected with the election
of Senator in the year 1867 in Kansas—in fact,
into the election of Mr. Pomeroy. If you
know anything in reference to procuring votes
for Mr. Pomeroy for the Senate at that time,
through any improper or corrupt means, I
wish you would state it.
Answer. I do not know anything of that of
my own knowledge. I had a great many in-
timations that such was the fact. The most I
know in regard to it was from Mr. Pomeroy
himself.
Question. If Mr. Pomeroy stated anything
to you in reference to that matter you can
state it.
The Witness. You wish me to state what
Mr. Pomeroy said to me?
Mr. Logan. Anything in refe rence to im-
properly procuring votes by corrupt means.
That is the question.
Answer. Mr. Pomeroy said to me at one
stage of the canvass, toward its close, that
it had cost him at that time $30,000.
Question. Did he say for what he had ex-
pended the money?
Answer. That was the inference that I drew.
Question. I ask, did he state what he ha<J
expeu ded the money for ?
Answer. Only in that way—that the election
had cost him. or that the canvass had cost him
that amount of money.
Question. Who was Mr. PojtEroy's oppo-
nent?
Ansicer. Mr. Carney—no. [To Mr. Poke
roy.] Who was your opponent at that tirqe,
Pomeroy?
Mr. PomeroY. firene'ral Lee.
The Witness. No ; that was after Lee got,
out of the way.
Mr. Anthony. Lee was the only man voted
for against Mr. Pomeroy.
The Witness, (to Mr. Pomeroy.} What
time did Lee get oat of the Way there, if you
recollect.? You ought to know.
Mr. Pomeroy. He never got out of the way
ilnti'l he was beaten. He and I had all the
votes that there were for the Ions; term.
The Witness. 1 do not know that there was
any pensen distinctly in the field in eoonye
tition with Mr. Pomeroy, at the time that tikis
declaration was made that I speak of; it was
immediately previous to the commencement
of the balloting.
By Mr. Logan :
Question. Was there any time during that
canvass when his election was doubtfcl ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. What time was that?
Answer. That was when Mr. Lee was tan-
ning in the canvass ; in fact, il was doubtful
ail the time tip to withia a few hours of the
oonamencementof the balloting—up to the day
or the night before the commencement of the
balloting.
Question. Who was the person in opposition
to him that seemed to have any chance of
election ?
Answer. Mr. Lee and Mr. Carney were both,
a! times, in competition with Mr. Pomeroy.
Question. That doubt, then, was not dis-
pelled until the vote occurred ?
Answer. Until that day; that is according
to my recollection.
Question. How did the vote start off; do
yon recollect?
Answer. Mr. Pomeroy had a majority of
votes in the senate Q.n the first day's ballot,
Question. Who had the balance of those
votes ? Who ran ?
The Witness, (to Mr. Pomeroy.) Who ran
against you in the senate the first day? Was
it Carney or Lee ?
Mr. Pomeroy. I do not remember how that
was. I remember the joint convention the
next day. I do not remember the senate
balloting before we went into joint convention.
The Witness, (after examining the Kan-
sas senate journal.) That was the fact. The
vote was between Mr. Pomeroy and Mr. Lee
iu the separate session in the senate, I have
been in other business besides running for the
Senate since then, and I have forgotten agood
deal of this.
By Mr. Logan .-
Question. In the joint convention who were
the candidates ?
Answer. Mr. Pomeroy and Mr. Lee for the
long term, and Mr. Carney and myself for the
short term—the unexpired term.
Question. How did the vote stand between
Mr. Pomeroy and Mn Lee?
Answer. I see it stated here that Mr. Pome-
roy had eighty-four votes and Mr. Lee twenty-
five. I had forgotten what the vote was. It
was largely in his favor. Mr. Lee was hardly
considered a candidate; that is, the chances
were so slender that his candidacy was not
regarded hardly as a bona fide one.
Question. Who was the man that was under-
stood to be the prominent candidate against
Mr. Pomeroy?
Answer. There was none—no prominent
candidate in the joint convention, according
to my recollection.
Question. In the contest between Mr. Carney
and youtselfc was that contest a close one ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Were you elected ?
Answer. Yes. sir.
Question. We might judge something of the
other probably by that, as they were most inti-
mately coaneeted. Was there anything in that
contest between yourself and Mr. Carney of
the character you have named i
Ansmeir. Nothing that I know of. I learned
afterward thai oae man who voted for Mr.
Pomeroy mud myself bad received money. I
heard so afterward. I never had any direct
evident* in tegniii to it. I heard that he had,
and was inclined to believe it.
Question. Who was he?
Answer. His name was Finn.
Question. Received money for what?
Answer, Received money irom, both sides,
to vote for Mr.Pomeroy and myself, and also
for Mr, Carney.
