2462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
derful plain or great valley between the Rocky
mountains and the Sierra Nevada, in which
there seems to be no sort of doubt that for
nearly twelve hundred miles from our north-
ern line down to the frontier of Mexico there
are deposits of base metals, which, so soon as
they can come within the grasp of easy and
cheap reduction, will constitute sources of
wealth compared to which everything that has
yet been heard of, either in North America
or elsewhere in the world, will be as a mere
rivulet of wealth. I do not wish, however, to
prolong debate on the subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator had
better withdraw his amendment and let us
consider it by itself on the bill which appro-
priates the proceeds of the public lands. The
mineral lands will properly be considered
under that bill, for which there has been a
special day set apart on account of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, on which we are to con-
sider the question of what we will do with the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands. I
think the mineral lauds should be considered
in that connection rather than this. If the
Senator will withdraw his amendment and
offer it then, we can dispose of this bill with-
out further debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was about to say, when
I saw the Senator from Kansas rise to make a
suggestion, that I do not desire to have this
bill encounter the opposition of the Senator
from Ohio, and I do not wish, either, to place
myself in opposition to the views of an author-
ity justly so high in the Senate as he is on
the subject of the financial administration of
the Government. Therefore I withdraw the
amendment.
The amendment of the Committee on Mines
and Mining, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. CASSKELY. I should like to ask
some Senator of the committee from which
this bill has been reported what is the mean-
ing of the three lines upon page 4, lines sev-
enteen, eighteen, and nineteen?
On all claims located prior to the passage of this
act, ton ilotlars' worth of labor shall bo performed
or improvements made for each one hundred foot in
Jonsth aloiif? Iho voin.
I observe that there is no limitation as to
the time within which that amount of labor
shall have been done.
Mr. STEWART. It might make it more
certain to s.iy "during each year."
Mr. CASSKliLY. The usual mining rule
is so mueh labor during so much time.
Mr. STEWART. Insert "each year."
Mr. CASSEHLY. " Ten dollars' worth of
labor shall be performed or improvements
■made each year for each one hundred feet
in length along the vein." I move so to
amend it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSEIlbY. I should like to inquire
what was done with the amount of fifteen hun
dred feet on page 2, lines eight and nine.
Mr. STEWART. Nothing has been done.
Mr. OASSEUJjY. Does the Senator con-
sider that there is no danger of abuse in allow-
ing sogteat a quantity?
Mr. STEWART. None in the world.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
MESSAtiB FROM 'l'UB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had non-coucurred in the
amendments ot the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 1980) relating to proposals and contracts
for transportation of the mails, and for other
purposes, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. John F. Paknswouth of Illi-
nois, Mr. Ginery TwicaELX.of Massachusetts,
and Mr. John M. Carroll of New York,
managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill aud joint resolu-
tion ; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2208) making appropri-
ations for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes ; and
A joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 136) appoint-
ing commissioners to inquire into depredations
on the frontier of the State of Texas.
MAIL CONTRACTS.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1930) relating to
proposals and contracts for transportation of
the mails, and for other purposes, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. RAMSEY,
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The Vice President appointed Mr. Ram-
sey, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Casserly.
AUSTRALIAN MAIL LINK.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Australian
steamship bill is now before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 49)
authorizing the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States
and Australia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose it is only neces-
sary to read the amendment reported by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
That amendment strikes out all of the original
bill and inserts a substitute.
Mr. COLE. It lias all been read once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The substitute
will be reported, and it will be consideied as
the original bill, so that it will be subject to
amendment in the second degree if Senators
desire to so amend it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
which was to insert in lieu of the original bill
the following:
That tho Postmaster General, by and with the
consent of the President, is hereby authorised and
directed to contract for mail steamship service
between the puit ot ti.ui il'iancisco. in the United
States, and some port or ports m Australia or New
Zealand, or in both coantries, touching at Honolulu,
in tlie Sandwich Islands, or such other pons in tho
Pacific ocean as may become necossary for coaling
purposes, by means of a line, to run once in every
four weoks, making thirteen round trips per annum,
of first-class, American-bullt, sea-going steamships,
of not less than two thousand register tons burden
each, and of a character and .speed suitable for mail
and passenger steamships m this service, and of suf-
ficient number to perform thirteen round voyages
per annum between said ports: Provided, That all
ships to be built hereafter, as the exigencies of this
sei vice may require, shall coriespond in all respects
to the steamships herein described, and be not less
than two thousand tivc hundred tons, Government
measurement; said service t,o continue tor a term
of ten years, to commence from tho day the tir-t
steamship departed trom the port of San Francisco
with tho mails for Australia and New Zealand, and
shall incluilo and consolidate the contract now ex-
isting tor United States malt service between San
Francisco and the Sandwich Islands.
Sec. 2. That the Postmaster General shall con-
tract for tho aforesaid service with tho parties own-
ing and representing the United States, New Zea-
land, and Australian mail steamship line, at a rate
of compensation not exceeding $5UU,U00 for thirteen
round voyages; and upon entering into said con-
tract said parties shall enter into good and sufficient
security for its faithful performance, subject to the
approval of the Postmaster General.
Sec. 3. That any contract which the Postmaster
General may execute, under the authoiity of this
act, shall take effect from the 7tli day of Apiil, 1871,
and shall, in addition to the usual stipulations of
ocean mail steamship contracts, provide that the
steamships accepted for the service shall be of tho
best material, of wood or iron, and upon approved
models, with all the modern improvements adapted
to sea-going steamships of the first class, and shall
be at any time subject to inspection and survey by
an experienced naval constructor, to be detailed for
that purpose, upon the request of the Postmaster
General, by the Secretary of the Navy, whose report
shall bo made to the Postmaster General: Provided,
That it shall be stipulated in any contracts for car-
rying the mails entered into under the provisions
of this act, that tho steamships employed in such
service shall be delivered to the United States, or
their proper officers, upon demand being made, for
the purpose of being converted into vessels of war,
the United States being bound on their part to pay
to said company the tair full value of every such
ship or vessel at the time of delivery ; said value to
he ascertained by four appraisers, to be appointed,
two by the President of the United States, and two
by said company, and, in case of disagreement
among said appraisers, the President of the United
States to select and appoint an umpire, who shall
fix the value. That the Government of the United
States shall be entitled to have transported, free of
expense, on each and every steamer, a mail-agent,
who may also act as mail-agent for such of the
other countries hereinbefore referred to as may dis-
patch mails by said steamers, to take charge of and
arrange the mail matter, and to whom suitable ac-
commodations shall be assigned for that purpose.
That m case of failure from any cause, acts of God
and public enemies excepted, to perform any of tho
regular voyages stipulated for in the contract, a vro
rata deduction shall be made from the compensa-
tion on account of such omitted voyage or voyages.
That suitable fines and penalties may be imposed for
delays and irregularities in tho performance of the
service, and that the Postmaster General shall have
the power to terminate the contract by giving two
years' notice, or upon sale or assignment to any
person or company not citizens of the United States,
Mr. POMEROY". Without occupying the
time in making any remarks myself, 1 will
a?k to have the report submitted by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, when
they reported this bill, read. It shows the
history of this project. It shows its recom-
mendations by the President of the United
States, by the Postmaster General, and by the
Secretary of the Treasury. It gives the stand-
ing which this matter has had in the Senate,
i ask for the reading of the report.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Cole, from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, on the 18th
of January last:
Your committee, to whom Senate bill No. 49 was
referred, have fully considered its provisions, which
authorize the establishment of ocean steamship ser-
vice between the United States, New Zealand, and
Australia, touching at various islands in the Pacific
ocean: the service to consist of thirteen round voy-
ages per annum.
Your committee are unanimous in recommending
the pa<s;\ge of the bill; a conclusion arrived at anil
based upon a mass of data going to prove the great '
importance of opening up without delay a vast com-
merce, which rightly belong-? to and can be secured
to American enterprise. Upward of two million
people, puwipally English and Scotch, constitute
the population of those colonics, who curried with
them to their now homes the language, literature,
and customs of the Anglo-Saxon raccs, and have laid
tho foundation of a new empire which hits, tliu^ far,
greaily ou test lipped our Pacific States, while the Eng-
lish Government, by its liberal policy toward com-
mercial enterprises, is drawing tue commerce of the
Pacilic into those colonial ports.
Taking the colony of Victoria, with a population
of seven hundred and twenty-nine thousand, as
fairly representing the commerce ol those colonies,
Melbourne being its chief port, with a population of
one hundred and ninety thousaud. this colony alone,
Irom the report of the registrar general for 1871,
shows imports amount,ing to upward of £70,000,000,
and exports to $64,447,000.
In proof of the immense profit thelincsof English
eubsidized steamships are to this one colony, your
committee beg leuvc to quote from a speech nmdo
to the colonial parliament of Victoria, in November
last, by the honorable the colonial secretary, urging
the Government to vote a liberal subsidy towmd se-
curing to the colonies the commcrce of the Pacific*.
Mr. Duffy said "he would not admit the statement
of the honorable member tor West Melbourne, that
this colony had only a secondary interest in the San
Francisco route, for he believed that the business
men of this colony, with their usual energy, would
take advantage of the route, and make it as bene-
ficial to this colony as any other route could possibly
be to it. The honorable member next argued that a
fortnightly mail service by one route would only
serve communication along that route, wheieastwo
services by different routes would facilitate trade
and commerce with various parts of the world. The
statement of the honorable member for West Mel-
bourne, that of tho £26,000,000 sterling ot trade of
this colony, ±,20,000,000 of it was carried on along the
route of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, or at
the termini of that line, and that the trade which
would be served by the San Pancisoo route was only
very small, was. he contended, the strongest argu-
ment which could be given in fa.vor of the latter route.
The great trade which was done along the Suez
route showed that a thoroughly postal route carried
on for a series of yeais had been the reason why
trade'aud commerce had gone in that direction, and
