618
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. [June 3,
Senate.
Senator from Kansas—Report.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. Anthony. He did a good business.
The Witness. I guess it is true, too; I
was inclined to believe it.
By Mr. Logan :
Question. Who told you that?
Answer. I could not name now any one per-
son who told it to me, there were so many who
suggested that that was probably the fact.
By Mr. Anthony:
Question. What made you believe it?
Answer. Because it was so rumored, and
substantiated in such a way. It came very
direct.
Question. How direct?
Answer. Men said they not only believed it
to be true, but had good reasons for believ-
ing it.
Question. Who were the men ?
Answer. I have forgotten, now, there were
so many of them. One man who told me is
now dead, Mr. Whiting.
By Mr. Logan : .
Question. Received money for voting for
you? Did you authorize anybody to pay
money for votes ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you pay him?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. How could you believe he re-
ceived money for voting for you?
Answer. 1 said because I heard it so often
and from so many sources that I was inclined
to believe it.
By Mr. Anthony:
Question. Who did yon believe paid him?
Answer. I do not know. I could not say
with any positiveness about that, on anything
more than belief. If you want to know who I
believe paid him, I can say.
By Mr. Logan :
Question. Did you have any knowledge what-
ever that anybody was to use money to pro-
cure your election ?
Answer. No, sir; none whatever.
Question. It. is a matter of a good deal of
importance, and I wish you to get it in as
legal a sense as possible. Now, if there was
no one authorized to pay money for you, if no
one did pay it to your knowledge, if you did
not do it, and that is all the basis you have
for your belief in connection with Mr. Pome-
roy and yourself both, is that a sufficient basis
for you to form an opinion?
Answer. Well, we can form an opinion
many limes, and are convinced many times
by incidental circumstances that are not good
testimony in law. You are lawyer enough to
know that. We are convinced of the exist-
ence of certain facts oftentimes for which we
cannot give a legal reason. That is true the
world over.
Question. A legal reason is no other than
a reason ?
Answer. A reason may be a valid reason
and not conform to the letter of the law as
testimony.
Question. Where does Mr. Finn live?
Answer. I heard a short time ago—and that
is a case in point—I believe he lives at a cer-
tain place, but I do not know it—that he lives
down at either Batesville, in Arkansas, or
Jacksonport. They are two points very near
together. His name is D. C. Finn; either at
Bdtesville or Jacksonport, Arkausas.
Mr. Pomeroy. Finn is here in town. I had
him subpenaed.
The Witness, (to Mr. Pome roy.) Have
you had Sharp, from Wyandotte, summoned,
or Mr. Nelson? Now, there is a matter of
belief that i have no positive knowledge about,
yet it came to me irom such a source that I
believe it. I do not say that I believe, but I
am inclined to believe, that this Mr. Sharp
was paid money.
By Mr. Logan:
Question. Which Mr. Sharp?
Answer. That I just spoke of. I do not
know bis first name; have forgotten.
Question. You say you have reason to believe
he was paid money; paid money for what?
Answer. To vote for Mr. Pomeroy.
Question. But he did not vote for Mr. Pome-
roy?
Answer. Did he not? Then, of course,
there is nothing of it.
Mr. Logan. The vote here does not show
his name at all. It shows Spencer, Sheldon,
Spoonable, the only persons whose name com-
menced with "S" who voted for him. I do
not find his name, except on the yeas and nays,
on going into the election.
The Witness. Then my source of informa-
tion was mistaken about his being a mem-
ber.
Mr. Logan. He was a 3enator and voted on
going into the election. [After examining
further.] Yes; he did vote for Pomeroy
when the vote was taken in the senate, but on
joint vote he does not seem to have voted at
all. [For journal of the joint convention
showing the vote of Sharp in joint convention,
see pages 10-12.]
The Witness. Have you had Maxson sum-
moned ?
Mr. Logan. No, sir.
By Mr. Logan :
Question. Did you ever talk with Mr. Sharp ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Who gave you this information ?
Our object is to get at something that is defi
nite, and not mere rumors that would not jus-
tify us in doing anything unless we could trace
them.
Answer. That is a matter that I have heard
from various sources, too. It comes in the
shape of the other matter that I spoke of. I
heard it with so much directness that I con-
sidered—I was inclined to believe it to be
true.
Question. Did you hear that Mr. Pomekoy
had paid $100 to have Mr. Well's contested
election attended to for him?
Answer. I did hear of thatnotlong since.
Question. Did you hear it in the same way
that you heard these other rumors?
Answer. Yes, sir; I will say,however, that
I never heard of that until lately. I think it
would be well enough to summon Mr. Max-
son, and I will tell you all I know about that
too. The only intimation I heard concerning
improper influences in regard to Mr. Max-
son's case was this : Mr. Maxson wrote to me
in 1807, asking me for an appointment. I
walked across the room and asked Mr. Pome-
boy whether anything could be done for him,
and Mr. Pomeroy seemed to be very impatient:
seemed to receive it with impatience, and
said—I am not certain whether he said, " I
have paid him enough," or whether he said
" He has had enough ;" one of these two
replies. The only inference I drew from his
remark was that be had paid a valuable equiv-
alent for his vote, for his support.
Q'<estion. Where does he live?
Answer. He lives in Independence.
Question. In Missouri 1
Answer. In Kansas. He is register of the
land office there.
Question. Did you get him appointed, or
who (lid?
Answer. Mr. Pomeroy got him appointed,
I suppose. He was appointed after I went
out, was he not, Pomeroy?
Mr. Pomeroy. Well,yes; he was appointed
this last year—a few months ago.
By Mr. Logan :
Question. Anything else, Mr. Ross?
Answer. Nothing else occurs to me in re-
gard to that matter.
By Mr. Pomeroy :
Question. The only question I desire to ask
is, whether you know of Mr. Maxson being at
that time the land commissioner or agent of
the Missouri, Kansas, and Texas railroad,
whether you know of his being employed by
that company at that time ?
Answer. No ; I do not remember as to that.
Question. At any time ?
Answer. I think he had previously been em-
ployed by the company. That is my recollec-
tion, but I do not remember of his being in ita
employ afterward, though he may have been.
Question, Well, at the time that you were
speaking of?
Answer. No ; I do not remember that he
was. Was that what you paid him ?
Mr. Pomeroy. No; but being in that em-
ployment I thought was a reason why he should
not be appointed. That was in my mind;
that he was already employed by a company,
which was better for him than to have any ap-
pointment.
The Witness. There was nothing of that
kind said at that time.
Mr. Pomekoy. I do not care to occupy any
time about it.
The Witness. Where is Lee now, Mr. Pome-
roy?
Mr. Pomeroy. The last I heard of him he
was in New Orleans. I have not heard of
him for some time.
The Witness. I heard the other day he was
in New York. [Examining a memorandum-
book.] Mr. Nelson is the man who statesthia
matter about Mr. Sharp, that Mr. Sharp re-
ceived $5,000 to vote for Mr. Pomeroy and to
work tor him.
Question. Who was Nelson?
Answer. I think he was a member of the
last senate.
By Mr. Logan:
Question. Do you know Nelson's initials?
Answer. No. I thinkit is GeorgeR. Nelson.
By Mr. Pomeroy:
Question. Did George R. Nelson—if that
is the name, I do not know anything about
him—did he tell you anything about it?
Answer. No, sir. It came as directly to me
from him as I have stated.
Question. Who told you ?
Answer. I was trying to think who told me.
He was a reliable man though, whoever he
was. I don't recall his name now. It came
direct. I have no doubt that Mr. Nelson stated
it and believed it. I will try to recall his
name and give it to you. Had you not bet-
ter have Lee summoned? Mr. Lee was Mr.
Pomeroy's competitor. Now this rumor—of
course it is not legal evidence—but it was the
general belief that Mr. Lee received money to
get out of the way and to make a feint of a
fight.
Mr. Pomeroy. He did not get out of tha
way.
The Witness. He practically got out of
the way, and znanyof his friends believed that
he had sold out.
_ Mr. Logan. I have no interest in this case
either way, but I do not think it is a good plan
to blacken the reputation of anybody by hear-
say.
The Witness. No; but it is a good plan
to get the testimony of these men, and see
whether they do know anything about it.
Mr. Logan. We have got the testimony of
every man th&i Las been suggested to us.
The Witness. You can't tell whether there
is anything in these rumors until you get the
testimony. There is a chance for ascertain-
ing the facts. Now, what we want is the truth
of the matter out there in aur State. We are
interested in it as much as Mr. Pomeroy is.
If he has been belied, it is due to him, and to
us, and to the reputation of the State, that it
