1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335$
tion that was going on. I never heard before,
certainly, that anything of the kind took place,
and if any charge of that kind has been made
it has escaped me entirely. I think the elec-
tion that was conducted there at that time was
conducted in the usual way; that is, under the
State authorities, and without any interven-
tion on the part of the Federal officers. If
there was anything like intervention, my col-
league ought certainly to be able to name some
persons who did interfere improperly, and so
make his charge specific. It may be so; but
I do not know that there was any one holding
any official position whatever who in any man-
ner whatever interfered with the election.
As to what took place at the polls, my col-
league has inquired into that, I presume, with
great care, and states something about the tear-
ing down of some protection that was afforded
in the form of a frame-work to the voters.
Such things occur not infrequently at polls
where there is a great crowd and great strife
as to who shall vote first. If there had been
anything like a disturbance or a row or a mob
at this time it would have been generally
known. I think it will not be alleged by my
colleague but that everything was carried on
in an orderly manner, because if it had not
been I think I should have heard of it.
As to the form of the ballot, if there were
many ballots of that kind cast, or if there was
any attempt made to compel persons to vote a
ballot of a particular form, I would condemn
it as heartily as would my colleague. But who
the parties were who were chargeable with any
misconduct of the kind I am at a loss to know.
The idea that the ballots were prepared in this
city I have no doubt is a delusion.
Mr. President, my colleague has spoken
very freely of military interterence with the
elections in the city of New York and Phila-
delphia in 1870. He has shown that during
peaceful times, while there was no cloud of
war, no commotion of any sort, the military
authorities were appealed to and soldiers
brought near the ground of election on election
day in those large cities. I would ask his
attention—and I know his memory will readily
recur to it—to what took place in California
in that connection some years ago, while Gov-
ernor Haight, a Democratic Governor, was
chief magistrate of that Commonwealth. As
we were approaching an election, a peaceful
election, an election at which no disturbance
was anticipated by the people generally, and I
presume no ground for the apprehension of
disturbance by anybody, this same Governor
communicated with the then Administration,
(Andrew Johnson's,) and appealed to him to
put^ military forces, subject to his (Governor
Haight's) orders, in San Francisco on election
day.
Then the President of the United States
responded. He did issue his orders to General
Halleck, and troops were put subject to the
orders of the Governor, directly or indirectly,
and orders were issued by which the troops
were to be mustered in the heart of that city
on that peaceful day, the right resting on
Karney street and the left on Clay street, with
all the array that might be expected to attend
a military display of the sort; the naval armed
vessels were, in pursuance of such request of
Governor Haight, placed at certain positions
in front of the city, I suppose with the cannon
charged, ready for action at any time upon
notice by the Democratic Governor of that
State. This is the only instance we have ever
had on the Pacific coast of any interference
on the part of the Federal authorities or mili-
tary forces in elections there.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does my colleague
speak of this martial array as though he had
Seen it himself?
Mr. COLE. No, sir ; I have read the orders,
and I remember them distinctly.
. Mr. CASSERLY. I must' say that I was
in the city of San Francisco on that election
day, and in all parts of it, and I saw nothing
of that kind. I will not say that my colleague
is under a delusion, but he is under a very
great mistake. Nothing of that kind hap-
pened in the way of a parade of armed men in
San Francisco.
Mr. COLE. Does my colleague remember
that orders such as I have alluded to were
issued in pursuance of Governor Haight's
demand upon President Johnson?
Mr. CASSERLY. After you get through I
will speak about that.
Mr. COLE. I want to know if my col-
league's memory is good upon that point.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have a pretty good
memory, hut 1 am not able to remember
things that I never saw.
Mr. COLE. I am only referring to the mili-
tary orders that were issued. I do not say that
the troops were actually called out, or pre-
sented arms, or anything of that sort; but I
do know that the orders were issued at the in-
stigation and by the request of a Democratic
Governor of that State, and that that was the
only instance in which there has ever been an
attempt to use the military there to keep peace
or quiet on an election day. There was no
occasion for it then; but it was thought to be
convenient under a Democratic Administra-
tion for the purpose of perhaps wielding some
influence upon the then pending election ; and
all the eloquent remarks that my colleague has
indulged in about the condition of affairs in
New York, the peaceful condition of affairs
there at that time, and the moving to and fro
of industrious women and men, applied with
equal force in this case that arose in San
Francisco upon an application for military
forces to be used on an election day.
Mr. President, I cannot detain the Senate
further, as 1 see the time that was allotted me
has expired.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDEN T. The time granted
to the Senator from California [Mr. Cole] by
unanimous consent having expired, the time
has arrived for voting on the bill and pending
amendments without further debate, after
which there will be five-minutes debate on
amendments that may be offered—five minutes
to any one Senator.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will allow me five minutes to reply to
the statement of my colleague.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California desires to have five minutes
further time granted to reply to the remarks
of his colleague. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, my col-
league seems to have overlooked one statement
made by me, that thirteen hundred of the
tickets which I exhibited were found in the
box at that poll at which the men from Mare
Island voted; and that is about the exact
number of the increase of the vote of Solano
county as compared with the vote of the same
county at the two next preceding general elec-
tions. It will not do, therefore, for my col-
league to put off the wonderful increase in the
vote on the ground of the increase of the pop-
ulation of the town of Vallejo, which is a dif-
ferent affair.
Now, Mr. President, with regard to Gov-
ernor Haight and bis requisition on the Presi-
dent of the United States for troops in case
he should need them, let me say, in the first
place, that I have the advantage of my col-
league in regard to the state of things in San
Francisco. I was there and he was not.
There was very serious menace of a disturb-
ance on the day of tbe election, growing out
of a most shameful attack made by some of
the ruffians who haunt sea-port towns upon the
Grant procession a few nights before the elec-
tion. I say there was serious menace of a
very great disturbance there. In reference
to that the Governor of the State communi-
cated with the President, and inquired of him ,
whether lie could have the services of United
States troops, of course under his own author-
ity, in case of need. Does not my colleague
see the difference between the employment of
Federal troops upon the requisition of the
State authorities and the employment of them
by the Federal Government in spite of the
State authorities?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The time has
now expired.
kxecdtive session.
Mr. MORTON. There is an executive mes-
sage on the table which I think makes it im-
portant for the Senate to go into executive ses-
sion for a few minutes ; and if that can be
done without abrogating the arrangement in
regard to voting on this bill, I will make that
motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest whether we had
not better proceed with this vote and then go
into executive session afterward.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very likely there will be
no further debate.
Mr. SUMNER. The debate, I understand,
is closed, and we are only to vote.
Mr. MORTON. We can probably vote with-
in a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate has closed
on the bill and pending amendments, but there
is to be five minutes debate by each Senator
on new amendments that may be offered. If
the Senate go into executive session now it
will have the same effect as an adjournment
would have ; as soon as the legislative session
shall be resumed this agreement would oper-
ate if the Senate saw fit to stand by the under-
standing they have agreed to, and they would
commence voting then as they would now.
Mr. MORTON. If there is no objection to
that, having the agreement to stand so as to
operate when we come out of executive ses-
sion, I will make the motion for an executive
session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. THURMAN. If we are to vote on this
bill, why not vote on it and then go into exec-
utive session ?
Mr. MORTON. We shall come out in a
few minutes.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. If an exec-
utive session would suit the Senator from
Indiana as well afteward, it would save the
trouble of clearing the galleries now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators appear
to desire to vote now. Does the Senator from
Indiana withdraw the motion?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; I do not with-
draw the motion.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-
one, noes not counted ; and after one hour
and twenty minutes spent in the considera-
tion of executive business the doors were
reopened.
AMENDATORY ENFORCEMENT ACTS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senate resumes
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 791) to
amend an act entitled "An act to amend an
act approved May 31, 1870, entitled ' An act
to enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several Slates of the
Union, and for other purposes,' " under the
understanding that was come to on Saturday.
The Senate will now proceed to vote on the
amendments. The first amendment is the
amendment of the Senator from California,
[Mr. Cassekly,] which was under discussion
at the time the Senate went into executive
session.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will ask to have each
section of that amendment voted upon sepe-
rately. They are quite independent of each
other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion then will be on the first section of the
amendment.
