1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2463
if a similar service was opened up by way of San
Iraneisco with the United States and Canada and
all those portions of the world, why should it not
develop a trade equal in amount, and just as valu-
able to this colony, as the trade which had been
developed by wav of England? The honorable
member for West Melbourne had not told the house
of any benefit which would be derived by this
colony in consequence of a fortnightly service by
way of Suez, and it was well known in the com-
mercial world that the merchants of Melbourne
were opposed to such a fortnightly service. Why
the principal object of securing a fortnightly mail,
as suggested by the postal conierence. was to open
up a trade by new lines."
If we would secure to ourselves the commerce of
the islands of the Pacific, no better precedent or
Iruercourse can be marked out for our enterprise
than that quoted by the colonial secretary. "The
seven colonies of Australasia imported in one year
of what might be designated as American merchan-
dise, as follows:
Merchandise. Value.
Buckets  $66,000
Hardware  5,408,^40
Agricultural implements  732 840
Tobacco  3,184,760
Fish   684,520
Nails    1.352,950
Boots and shoes  7,759,240
Bottled fruit  364 000
Dried fruit  409,280
Furniture  1,081 240
Grain  2,800!000
Hops  1,635,120
Malt  1,790,000
Agricultural machinery and wagons  1,645,3^0
Quartz machinery  808,000
Lumber  2,915,584
Turpentine    160,000
Woodenware  320,000
Hams  805,632
Provisions  5,757,440
Kerosene  1.617,230
Quicksilver  252.480
Saddlery  1,364.248
Brooms  320,000
Total $13,161,171
Secondary only is the trade of those colonies to
that of the islands of tne South Pacific ocean lying
directly on the route between California and Aus-
tralia, whioh, by every principle that governs trade
and commerce, should and does belong to the Uni-
ted States, but by the superior advantages of quick
transit English enterprise has already diverted the
bulk of this growing commerce, which is now esti-
mated at $10,000,000 per annum, a trade developed
within the past ten years.
From the three largest islands of Polynesia—
Tahiti, Tonga, and Eeejee, there was shipped of cot-
ton alone, m 1870, to the value of $1,466,900, all of
whioh went via the English lines, alter being trans-
ported in small vessels several thousand miles to
the nearest port touched at by the Peninsular and
Oriental line ot steamships. Our actual trade in
that direction has been so small that its entire
abolition would not be noticed.
European capital and enterprise constructed the
Suez canal m order to give greater facilities to their
commerce, to open np ;i short route to the great
trallic of the East Indies, Australia, and the Pacific
ocean. The Old World could not afford to wait one
hundred days to transport the products of the Orient,
when by the canai it could be done in one half that
time.
Hitherto the great American continent from Green-
land to Cape Horn formed a barrier, not only be-
tween England and the Australias, but betweeu our
own manufacturing States and those goldeu lands.
The completion of our great national highway ha3
changed nil thnt. A vast continent has been bridged
from East to West, and the trade of the great coun-
tries of the Pacific lies invitingly open to us. In
very truth our relative position with regard to the
rest of the world has become so changed that we
seem unable all at once to become thoroughly alive to
it. This question of the course the Australian and
Polynesian trade shall take exemplifies in a marked
manner how completely we have "changed base."
A brief consideration of the channels that trade now
pursues, and the veiy much improved one which the
proposed steam line will opcu up for it, will suffice
to show the strength in a commercial point of view
of our new position.
By properly fostering commercial enterprise on
the Pacific, we have the larger portion of this trade
within our grasp. In fact, by the completion of the
Pacific lailroad, we have made a large portion of
the trade of Australasia and the South Pacific ocean
by right our own. The fact has been demonstrated
that our route is the shortest by several days as
against the Suez and Red Sea route. No stronger
proof is needed than your committee find in a com-
munication dated San Francisco, December 7,1871,
from the postmaster of that city, who states that
since the present mail service to Australasia has
been in operation there have passed through that
office, of English mail alone, three, thousand six
hundred and forty-throe bags of mail, weighing one
hundred and ninety-three thousand two hundred and
eleven pounds. This fact shows conclusively that
England recognizes, and quickly, too, the great
advantage of the American route. The saving of six
days in time by this route will, and does, settle the
whole question. In this age of progress a trade of
this magnitude, representing imports and exports
of upward of two hundred million dollars annually,
will not stand still six days to serve any one or any
particular route.
The importance of this trade to England is evi-
denced by the liberal support extended to the Pen-
insular and Oriental Steamship Company, which is
paid by that Government and by the colonies of
Australasia $1,025,000 yearly alone for a monthly
service. To further extend and advance their com-
mercial interests, the colonies held a postal conven-
tion on the 26th day of last September, and voted
the sum of $350,000 to establish an alternate service
via San Francisco to England, the imperial Gov-
ernment being called upon to make up any deficiency
that may be required to place the lino on a firm and
secure basis and assure success. Should this project
be carried out, the entire commerce of the islands
of the Pacific would be lost to us, and pass to the
control of English shipping and colonial interests.
In furtherance of thi3 new enterprise a prospectus
from London, printed over the signature of Mr.
Vine Hall, has been issued, which says:
"A more fiequentand rapid communication be-
tween England and her important and growing col-
onies in Australia has become a matter of acknowl-
edged and urgent necessity. Loud and reiterated
complaints are made of the insufficiency of a monthly
postal service for their commercial wants, while the
length, tediousness, and expense of a journey to
or from the antipodes, is patent to all who have
tried it, and debars many making the attempt. These
evils require an immediate remedy, and the comple-
tion of the great railway system uniting the Atlantic
and the Pacific oceans has afforded an opportunity
which must not be neglected or delayed if we are to
retain our Australian traffic, and not let it pass into
the hands of the Americans."
It is plain that if this new outlet of trade is to be
made available, it must be liberally encouraged, or
British capital will step in and deprive us of that
which is ours by reason of our geographical position.
Since this subject was brought to the notice of
Congress, it became apparent liiat before the import-
ance of securing this trade was fully understood
English capital and foresight would anticipate our
action and occupy the field. To prevent this, if
possible, one of our most enterprising citizens, Mr.
W.H.Webb, of New York, entered into a tempo-
rary mail contract with the colony of New Zealand,
and placed upon the line at once three fir3t-class
steamships, of over two thousand tons burden each,
which leave San Francisco every four weeks, carry-
ing the United States and Australian mails without
compensation. Within thnty days aftei the ariivul
of the first American steamship in the colonies the
first English steamship left for San Francisco in
opposition, followed by two others, and have, until
recently, contended for tho supremacy.
It cannot be expected that any one citizen, or
even a combination of citizens can successfully com-
pete for this trade against the Peninsular and Ori-
ental Steamship Company, backed up by its Govern-
ment with more than a million dollars per annum,
and another half million dollars in perspective, to
secure the Pacific commerce. But your committee
are of the opinion that it is the plain duty of this
Government to at once secure to American ships
and American enterprise their due proportion of
this great and growing commerce of the Pacific
ocean, now within our reach; and which, within a
few years, will so increase as to add enormously to
the traffic of our Northern, Central, and Southern
Pacific railroads, and thereby prove to the country
the wisdom of fostering and sustaining this measure
at this time.
Your committee would call attention to the fact
that the opinion is quite universal throughout the
country that this measure should receive your favor-
able action. In proof of which we refei to the fol-
lowing recommendations, &g.:
President Grant, in his last message to Congress,
says:
"I would also recommend liberal measures for
the purpo.se of supporting the American lines of
steamers now plying between San Francisco and
Japan and China, and the Australian line, (almost
our only remaining lines of ocean sieaineis,) and of
increasing their services."
The Postmaster General, in his report of Novem-
ber 18, 1871, also strongly urges aid being given to
this line, as follows :
"An application was made to Congress, at its last
session, by American citizens, for governmental aid
in establishing an American line of mail steamships
between San Francisco, New Zealand, and the Aus-
tralian colonies, by way of the Sandwich Islands.
A bill granting a money subsidy to the proposed
line was reported by the Senate Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, but it failed to pass the
Senate, as did all other similar bills proposing Gov-
ernment aid to projected steamship lines."
£ w* **: .*:>•
" There can be no question of the commercial im-
portance to the United States of establishing and
maintaining a direct and rapid steam communica-
tion by American steamships with the countries and
islands of the southwest Pacific oeean. Such a line
will secure to our citizens a large share of the trade
of those colonies, now rapidly growingm population
and wealth, and greatly benefit the general busi-
ness interests of the country. A large portion of
the heavy traffic and travel between Europe and
Australia, which has heretofore taken the routes
via Suez and the Cape of Good Hope, will be trans-
ferred to the American route, via San Irancisco, if
reliable and rapid steam communication shall be
permanently established between that port and the
countries of Australasia. Already, since the inau-
guration of direct steamship service from San Fran-
cisco, heavy English mails are being transported
across our continent to and from Now Zealand and
the Australian colonies, the time occupied in their
conveyance to destination being less by nearly two
weeks than by the Suez route. As manifest consid-
erations of public policy and commercial advantage
make it desirable to sustain a firot-class line of
American steamships upon this route, the question
of uniting with the Australian colonies in the sup-
port of the existing service by a moderate money
subsidy is respectfully submitted to Congress for its
consideration and appropriate action."
The Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco, by
memorial to Congress.
The Legislature of California, by concurrent reso-
lution.
National Board of Trade convention, held at
Buffalo, by resolution.
Railroad convention, held at Chicago, 1870, by
resolution.
Railroad convention, held at Philadelphia, 1871,
by resolutions.
Chamber of Commerce of New York, November
16, 1871. especially recommended Congress to aid the
Australian line.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his late report,
refers to our ocean commerce as follows:
"Returns for the fiscal year 1870-71 show that
the ocean commerce of the United States is passing
rapidly into the hands of foreign merchants and
ship-builders. In 1860 nearly fifty-five per cent, of
the foreign comiueice of this countiy was in Amer-
ican ships; in 1864 it had fallen to forty-six per
cent.; in 1868 to forty-four per cent.; and in 1871
it is reported to be less than thirty-eight per cent.
The superiority of British machinery, and a knowl-
edge of the business by British machinists, gives
an advantage over American ship-builders equal at
least to ten per cent, upon the cost of constructing.
They possess additional advantages in the cost of
labor, the cost of iron and coal and othermaterials,
and in the interest upon capital employed, equal to
about twenty per cent, more; so that the difference
in favor of British ship-builders is at least thirty
per cent. The history of the loss of our commerce,
as shown in the statistics already given, renders it
certain that without some efficient action ou the
part of the Government the entire foreign tr&de of
the country would soon pass into the hands of our
rivals. The monopoly of the trade between the
United States and Europe by foreign merchants and
ship-buildeis carries with it the monopoly of ship-
building for the Old World, and as a consequence
the Atlantic trade arid that of the Pacific and Indian
sea adjacent thereto will be carried on by English
steamers.
" An alteration of the law by which foreign-built
vessels may be admitted to American registry will
furnish no adequate relief; on the contrary the
change would stimulate ship-building in England.
The prospect of establishing it on this continent
would diminish in proportion to the business in the
ship-yards of our rivals. In view of the facts of our
extensive coastupon the Atlantic a.nd Pacific oceans,
and our position with reference to Europe,the country
ought not to be satisfied with any policy which does
not look to the reostablishment of ship-building in
the United States, and the encouragement of our
own seamen and merchants, and the control of so
much at least of the commerce of the world as is
derived from the exports of our products, and the
importation of articles required for domestic con-
sumption. The removal of duties upon foreign
articles used in the construction of iron steamships,
or the allowance of a drawback to the amount of
duties paid, will not in the existing condition of
things secure the speedy reestablish ment of the busi-
ness; but were it otherwise the removal of duties
or the allowance ot drawback are practical questions
of great difficulty, while .any concession by an indi-
rect process is likely in the end to prove unneces-
sarily expensive to tho country. Several of thehnes
ot Euiopean steamers were established by aid of
Government subsidies, and they are still engaged
by the bame meatus, and it is impossible to expect
that our merchants and ship-builders nan success-
fully compete with this formidable combination,
unless they are supported by the power of their own
Government."
We have no hesitation in expressing the opinion
that the establishment of this mail service will bo
the means of drawing a large tiade andtiavel lo the
United States; introducing a new market for the
sale of our manufactures, opening as it does facili-
ties several thousand miles nearer than heretofore;
secuiing and developing the trade of the numerous
large and productive islands of the Pacific; creat-
ing new commercial relations with a growing empire
of English-speaking people, thereby securing a foot-
hold for our commerce, and by the aid of this and
the China steam&hip line, save the nation from the
humiliation and disgrace of having no share what-
ever in the great commerce of the Pacific.
Mr. MOURILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, this is a curious bill to come from the
Committee on Post Offices and Posi Koads—■
a bill to carry the mails to Australia. Cer-
tainly we have no necessity for carrying any
mails there. It is a bill that, manifestly be-
longs to the Committee on Commerce. I
therefore send to the Secretary's desk a motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on Com-
merce, and after it has been read I will state
my reasons.
