4256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
enacted; but, sir, times have changed since
then. The States have all been recognized
and are back in the Union; their Senators
and Representatives have their seats in Con-
gress ; and this section only provides for pay-
ing for services rendered.
In the case of the railroad I mentioned
when I was last irp, the president of that rail-
road compauy was ordered by the State author-
ities, then in full accord with the confederate
government, to resign on account of bis sym-
pathies with the Government of the United
States. He submitted the order to the direct-
ors of the road ; the directors sustained him;
and he refused to resign. These things came
under my direct observation. He continued
in his office for six or eight months. The war
raged so fiercely, public opinion beoame so
much inflamed against him, that he was forced
by public opiuiou to yield, and the railroad
company then passed into other hands. Sir,
that was evidence not only that the president,
but that the directors were at that time loyal
to the Government; and yet they are deprived
of their pay, although they showed thoir loyalty
to the Government by sustaining the president
of the road in his action toward the Govern-
ment. As my colleague has wisely said, they
were pressed into the rebellion just as a great
many soldierswho went into the war and fought
on the confederate side were pressed into the
service. A great many of them had no interest
for the cause they fought in and cared nothing
for it, but by force of superior numbers they
were compelled to perform a service which they
bad no interest in performing.
i hope the Senate will not strike out the sec-
tion as proposed by the committee, but will
retain ii, for I .should dislike very much to see
the Government Unit I profess to love, and
winch 1 do love, repudiate any of her contracts.
Sir. this would be repudiation and nothing else.
'J'hi! 1'ii.KSI DING OFFICER. The Senator
has spoken live minutes on tins amendment.
Mr. ALCORN. 1 am not, one of those who
believe that the law was at anytime wise which
provided that no claim should be paid to the
citizoua of the disloyal States against the Gov-
ernment uuless they proved their loyalty, and
X proceed to state the reason why ] do not
Consider such a law just.
Such a law would have been just if the Gov-
ernment of the United States had confiscated
the properly of the southern people. II the
Government had entered upon the plan of con-
fiscation and had gone forward to confiscate
the propeity of the southern people, then it
would have been proper for the Government
to confiscate a claim that any one of the rebels
may have had itgaiust the Government of the
United Slates, lint, sir, the Government owes
it tojtself to be just and to treat all its people
with a like justice and fairness, if my prop-
erty consists in bind and the property of ii
consists in aelaiin that he has agauistthe Gov-
ernment lor services rendered before the war,
recognized by the Government as just, upon
what justification wiilyou confiscate the claim
of B against^ the Government and permit me
at the same time to bold my land? It is simply
confiscation, and the confiscation extends only
to those who have claims against the Govern-
ment. If it had been the policy of the Gov-
ernment to carry out the principle and apply
it to all the people, then it would have beeu
just, because it would have been equal and
operated uniformly among all the people.
But, sir, the plan that is pursued under the
operations of this law is to confiscate the prop-
erty of the man who had a claim against the
Government, who was the creditor of the
Government when the war began for services
rendered and recognized by the Government,
and at the same time allow every one else
to go uuvvhipped of what you consider justice.
Is there justice in this? I appeal to the Sen-
ate to know whether there is fairness in this!
I appeal to the Senate to treat the people of
the South with that uniform fairness and jus-
tice, extending to them all an equal measure
of the protection and of the chastisement, if
need be, which the Government desires to
inflict upon them. It does occur to me that
the law rests upon no principle of justice; that
it originated in a misconception, if I may be
allowed the expression, of the facta of the
case, going a part of the way in the direction
of confiscation, and stopping short when you
had confiscated the claims that creditors held
against the Government of the United States
You cannot stop there with justice; you must
either not go at all or you must go further
than this. This is a place where you cannot
stop and defend yourselves us representatives
of this Government in equity and fairness.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, it is very
objectionable to strike out this section. This
section contemplates the payment of debts due
hy the Government, and nothing else. Ficti-
tious claims cannot be introduced. There
can be no imposition upon the Government.
The Government is informed.of every dollar
that it is indebted to A, B, and C, throughout
these unfortunate rebel States. Those parties
now are all amnestied ; they are part and
parcel of this happy nation. Besides that, I
have no hesitancy in saying there are mail
contractors throughout the Union who are not,
in perfect harmony with the Government of
the Uuited States; who would disrupt it, per-
haps, if they could ; but that is not the ques-
tion. By law contracts have been accorded
to them ; they are doing their work, and they
are entitled to their pay. We have nothiug
to beg on this question. This is a proposition
to pay debts due, and there is no excuse on
the part of the United States for withholding
the money from the parties who have earned it.
It is the right of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, who has the appro-
priations in keeping, to object; but that objec-
tion isfoinml only, and it amounts to but little.
The facts are to be investigated. The parlies
who have earned this money may have been
rebels or they may have been good Union men.
It is likely that both classes are included. It
is sufficient that .the claims they may present
are known to the Department. If they are due,
they surely must be paid, and there cannot be
that happy peace which we hope is in prospect
for us at, an early period if the debts that are
positively due from the Government to those
people in the South are withheld.
Mr. THUliMAN. I hope the amendment
of the Senator from South Carolina will be
adopted. It seems to me if the matter is under-
stood there cannot be any hesitation about
adopting it. Let us sec what the amendment
proposes.
The fads are these: before the rebellion the
Government of the Uuited States was indebted
to certain contractors for carrying the mails.
The rebellion broke out before they had re-
ceived payment for their services. This sec-
tion amended as the Senator from South Caro-
lina proposes to amend it, if that shall be
done, will provide for the payment of that debt
thus due by the Government,. On that simple
statement it would seem there could bo no
objection to its payment.
But it is said that some of these persons
were disloyal, and then the question arises,
did that extinguish^ the debt? Certainly a
war between the United States and a foreign
Power would extinguish all debts due by the
United States to that foreign Power, or to
any citizen or subject of it;. but is that the
rule in the case of a rebellion or insurrection?
I fancy it is not. On the contrary, while cer-
tain belligerent rights existed on both sides
in the late civil war, because the rebellion
assumed that magnitude that it became, not
a mere disorder or slight insurrection, but a
great civil war, in which humanity, interest,
aud policy all required that belligerent rights
should be accorded to both sides, yet never,
so far as I know, has it been held that in a
case like that the lex belli, which declares that
a war between two nations puts an end to all
debts due from one to the other or the subjects
of the one to the subjectsof the other, obtains.
That never has obtained in regard to a mere
rebellion. Hence it cannot, upon any prin-
ciple of law, be said that the rebellion has
put an end to this indebtedness.
Has it then been put an end to in any other
mode known to the laws? Plainly it has not.
Has the debt been confiscated by the United
States? In the first place, I have to say that
in my humble judgment itcould not be confis-
cated by the United States except upon the
conviction of the creditor according to the
Constitution, and then the confiscation could
only be for his life. I think nothing is clearer
than that. I think the language of the Con-
stitution is perfectly clear. I am not now
speaking about the power of the Government
iu time of war to seize and confiscate property
as a war measure necessary to carry on the
war, and which is an incident to the power to
make and carry on war, but I am speaking
now of a time of peace, and I ask, has there
been any confiscation of this property? If
there has been, it must have been for some
crime committed, and before you can confis-
cate for crime committed there must be a con-
viction of the crime. You cannot confiscate
without finding first that the party has been
guilty of the offense, and then the confiscation
must be part of the judgment of a court, and
it cannot extend beyond the life-time of the
offender. What is the provision of the Con-
stitution on this subject ?
"The Congress shall have power to declare the
punishment of treasons but no attainder of treason
.shall woik corruption of blood, or foifeiture, ex-
cept during tlio lito of the person attainted."
When it speaks of "attainder of treason,"
it does not mean an attainder of treason by
act of Congress, as we speak of an act of
attainder passed by the British Parliament,
for Congress has no power to pass an act of
attainder, the Constitution itself prohibits an
act of attainder of treason by the other pro-
vision in the Constitution that no person shall
be convicted of treason unless on the testi-
mony of two witnesses to the same overt act
or on confession iu open court, and still an-
other provision requiring that the trial of all
crimes, except in cases of impeachment, shall
be by jury. So that there can be no attainder
of treason passed by the Congress of the United
States. When, therefore, the Constitution says
that attainder of treason shall not work a for-
feiture beyond the life of the offender, it means
that Congress cannot authorize any forfeiture
of his estate beyond the term of his life.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has spoken five minutes.
Mr. HILL. I do not desire to detain the
Senate from coming to a vote on this amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina, but
I wish t,o make a suggestion in regard to it. I
take it, if not now, at some future day, these
railroad companies, who are the great credit-
ors of the Government for carrying the mails
prior to the war, will be paid their indebted-
ness. It is almost impossible to establish the
disloyalty of a corporation, composed as these
railroad corporations are of all classes of the
community, not only citizens of the disloyal
States, but citizens of other States; and I take
it for granted that Congress never will perpe-
trate such an act of injustice as to refuse to
pay a railroad corporation an indebtedness of
this character. Sometime ago I suggested to
the Postmaster General that it would be a
very useful piece of public service for him to
have prepared an accurate table of the indebt-
edness of the Government to everybody for
mail service prior to the rebellion. He said
under theexisting law it was unnecessary, that
the only difficulty that he knew of was the
want of funds as . the law stood. That was
very true, except where it restricted payment
to those who could prove the service to have
beeu rendered and also prove their loyalty.
