672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
ment to the aggregate numbers to be fixed for
the House of Representatives, more or less, I
care not which, as will give to that body the
power, to reconsider their aciion. Surely no
such action, no such consideration has been
had in either the Senate or the House this year
or last year as to lead to tie conviction that
no further changes are possible or desirable.
Neither body has affirmed the same thing twice.
Nothing will be lost to the country or to our-
selves by treating .this question with the gravity
and with that deliberation its importance would
seem to require. It is of higher moment than
an ordinary annual-appropriation bill. Let the
questions be fairly studied. Whenever it is in
order, I shall offer as an amendment for the
purpose indicated a proposition to add a mem-
ber to several additional States having the next
highest fractions, by which Alabama, Florida,
Indiana,Vermont, Louisiana, New York,'New
Hampshire, Pennsylvania, and,Tennessee will
each gain a Representative,leavingalltheother
Statesunchanged. ThatSenators may all under-
stand this amendment, Ibegleave to refer them
to the details iu table D of the paper No. 1,
frinted by order of the Judiciary Committee.
t will give two hundred and ninety two mem-
bers.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to ask my friend
from Vermont a question before he sits down.
Do I understand that he proposes to give to
Pennsylvania and Indiana a member addi-
tional to the number contained in the House
bill? Is that h is proposition ?
Mr. MOIUIILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir, that
is a part of the proposition.
Mr. TH UllMAN. Has the Senator observed
the fact that boLh those States and several of
the Others-lhat he named get a member in the
.House bill upon a fraction, and that he is
therefore giving them two members for their
fraction ?
Mr. MORI!ILL, of Vermont. TT the Sena-
tor will notice the manner in which the num-
ber is reached, he will find that, it wipes out
all the original fractions and makes new frac-
tions. By increasing the number 288 to 200,
and using the same computation used by the
Judiciary Committee, it wipes out more frac-
tions thhu it adds to the number.
1 he PRESIDING OFKICKlt. (Mr. An-
thonx in the chair.) Tin; question is on the
amendment, ofthe Committee on the J tidiiiaiy.
■ Mr. TRUMBULL. The effect of this lh>t
amendment of the,committer is to change the
number of the House of Representatives from
two hundred and eighty-three to two hundred
and forty-three. That is the effect of the
amendment; and the question I understand
to be on that amendment.. The whole effect
of it is to decide whether the House shall have
two hundred and eighty three or two hundred
and forty-three members. I think we had
better have the yeas and nays on it, because
it is au important question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
• Mr. MORilULL, of Vermont. Let the
amendment be read.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment
of the Committee on the Judiciary, which was
to strike out the first section of the House bill,
in the following words:
That from and after the 3:1 day of March, 1873, the
House ot Representatives shall be composed of two
huodrpd. and eighty-three members, to be appor-
tioned" atnoHS the several States m accordance with
the provisions of this act, that is to say: to the State
of Mame, five; to the State of New Hampshire, two;
to the State of .Vermont, two; to the State of .Mas-
sachusetts, eleven; to the State of Rhode Island,
two: to the-State of Connecticut, four; to the State
of .New York, thirty-two; to the State of New Jer-
sey, seven; to the State of Pennsylvania, twenty-
six; to the State of Delaware, one; to the State of
Maryland, six; to the State of Virginia, nine: to the
State ot North Carolina, eight; to the State of South
Carolina, five; to the fatateof Georgia, nine; to the
Statoof Alabama, seven; to the State of Mississippi,
six; to the State of Louisiana, live; to the State ot
Ohio, twenty; to the State of Kentucky, ten- to the
State of Tennessee, nine; to the State of Indiana,
twelve; to the State of Illinois, nineteen; to the
Suite of Missouri, thirteen,- to the State "of Arkan-
sas, four; to the State of Michigan, nine; to tho
State of Florida, one; to t he State of Texas, six; to
the State of Iowa, nine; to the State of Wisconsin,
eight; to the State of California, four: to the State
of Minnesota, three; to the State of Oregon, one;
to the State of Kansas, three ; to t.he State of West
Virginia, three: to the State of Nevada, one ; to the
State of Nebraska, one: Provided, That if, after
such apportionment shall have been made, any now
State shall be admitted into tho Union, the Repre-
sentative or Representatives of such new State shall
be additional to the number of two hundred and
eighty-three herein limited.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That from and after the 3d day of March, 1873,
the House of Representatives shall be composed of
two hundred and forty-three members, to be appor-
tioned among the several States in accordance with
the provisions of this act, that is to say: to the State
of Maine, four; to the State of New Hampshire,
two; to the State of Vermont, two; to the State of
Massachusetts, nine; to the State of Rhode Island,
one; to the State of Connecticut, three ; to the State
of New York, twenty-eight; to tho State of New
Jersey, six; to the State of Pennsylvania, twenty-
two; to the State of Delaware, one; to the State of
Maryland, five; to the State of Virginia, eight; to
the State of North Carolina, seven; to the State of
South Carolina, four: to the State of Georgia, eight;
to the State of Alabama, six; to the State of Missis-
sippi, five ; to the State of Louisiana, five; to the
State of Ohio, seventeen; to the State of Kentucky,
eisrht; to the State of Tennessee, eight; to the State
of Indiana, eleven ; to the State of Illinois, sixteen ;
to tho State of Missouri, eleven; to the State of
Arkansas, three; to the State of Michigan, seven;
to the State of Florida, one; to the State of Texas,
fivo; to the State of Iowa, eight; to the State of
Wisconsin, seven; to the State of California, four;
to the State of Minnesota, three; to the State of
Oregon, one; to the State of Kansas, two; to the
State of West Virginia, three; to tho State of Ne-
vada, one ; to the Statoof Nebraska, one: Provided,
That if, aftor such apportionment shall have been
made, any new State shall foe admitted into the
Union, tho Representative or Representatives of
such new State shall be additional to the number
of two hundred and forty-three herein limited.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the amendment of the committee by
striking out all from line seventeen, after the
word "say," down to and including the word
"when," in line twenty eight, on the second
page, and inserting in lieu thereof what I send
to the Chair. It is the amendment which I
indicated, and whieli leaves every State its
representation its now, and adds to the num
ber proposed by the House nine members.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Vermont, proposes to amend the original
text of the section.
'The Onmv Ct.KUK. Ttisproposed to amend
the words moved to be stricken out so that,
if amended as proposed, they will read, after
the word "say," in the seventeenth line on
the first page, '-To the State of Maine, five;
to the State of New Hampshire, three ; to the
State of Vermont, three."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senatorfrom Ver-
mont will accomplish his whole object (and
we can correct the details afterward, if his
motion cairies) by moving to strike out " two
hundred and eighty-three" and inserting " two
hundred and ninety." That is the effect of
his amendment, because if he adds to the
separate States, he proposes to add enough to
increase the two hundred and eighty three to
two hundred and ninety. That will be under-
stood at once by the Senate.
Mr.'MORRILL, of Vermont. That depends
on the process used in the computation. I
prefer the amendment, as I have made it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
will proceed.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows :
To the State of Maine. five;'to the State of New
Hampshire, three; to the State of Vermont, three ;
to the State of Massachusetts, eleven; to the State
of Rhode Island, two; to the State of Connecticut,
four; to the State of New York, thirty-three ; to the
State of New Jersey, seven; to the State of Penn-
sylvania, twenty-seven ; to the State of Delaware,
one; to the State of Maryland, six; to the State of
Virginia, nine; to the State of North Carolina, eight :
to the State ot South Carolina, five : to the State of
Georgia, nine; to the State of Alabama, eight; to
the State of Mississippi, six: to the State of Louis-
iana, six ; to the State of Ohio, twenty; to the State
of Kentucky, ten ; to the State of Tennessee, tenj to
thoState of Indiana, thirteen ; to the State of Illi-
nois, nineteen ; to the State of Missouri, thirteen :
to the State of Arkansas, four; to the State of Mich-
igan, nine; to the State of Florida, two ; to the State
ot Texas, six; to tho Stateof Iowa, nine'; to the State
of Wisconsin, eiaht; to the Stateof California, four:
to the State of Minnesota, three; to the State of
Oregon, one ; to the State of Kansas, thfee; to the
State of AY est Virginia, three; to the State of
Nevada, one; to the Stateof Nebraska, one.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will not, persist in that motion in that
form. Who in'this Senate has made the cal-
culation so as to show what each State is
entitled to upon the number of Representatives
that he advocates, two hundred and ninety two,
if I understand the Senator aright—not two
hundred and ninety, but two hundred and
ninety-two? Am I not right?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator had examined the report made by his own
committee, he would have seen precisely the
effect of it on page 17 of the paper printed with
the report. It is made on the basis of start-
ing with two hundred and ninety and deduct-
ing four members for the States that are entitled
to representation under the Constitution, re-
gardless of numbers. Then there are fractions
allowed, so as ultimately to bring the number
up to two hundred and ninety-two; and on
that basis it will add a member to each of the
States I have already indicated.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator has not
taken the scope of my objection. I under-
stand very well that he has made the calcula-
tion, and he, no doubt, considers it entirely
accurate ; but other Senators have not made
it. It is not made in the tabular statement
icturned by the committee; that is a calcu-
lation on the hypothesis that the number shall
be two hundred and forty-three, and that cal-
culation I know to be correct; but I have made
no calculation on the hypothesis that the House
shall consist of two hundred and ninety-two
members, and I do not know until I make that
calculation what each State would be entitled
to under it. It is no easy matter to make ; it
takes time and great patience to make it and to
verify it, as tjiose who were engaged in making
the calculations reported to the Senate very
well know from their own experience.
_Now, what I suggest to the Senator is this:
if he wishes the House to be two hundred and
ninety-two, let him adopt the suggestion made
by the Senator from Illinois, and move to
strike out "two hundred and forty-three" in
the amendment of the committee,'and inseit
"two hundred and ninety-two " If that
amendment shall be adopted, then it. is a matii r
of detail that will send the bill back to the
committee to make the calculations, or not,
just as the Senate sees fit. But at least we
shall know then, we need not vote upon it with-
out knowing that the calculations of the
Senate arc correct or not. Let us have a test
question. In fact, I tbiuk, with all deference to
my friend, that, the best thing we can do is to
vote directly upon the question made by the
report of the committee. Let us see whether
the Senate is disposed to keep the number of
the House at the present number, two hundred
and forty-three. If that is the opinion of the
Senate, there is an end to the question. If
that is not the opinion of t.he Senate, then we
stand upon the House bill, and then the Sen-
ator can move to change that numher to two
hundred and ninety-two. I think we had
better have a test vote upon whether we will
keep the number of Representatives at the
present number, two hundred and forty-three.
But if the Senator from Vermontis not willing
to take that course and let us have a test vote"
which we can have on the amendment reported
by the Judiciary Committee, then let him
move to amend the amendment of the Judi-
ciary Committee, by striking out "twohundred
and forty-three," and inserting "two hundred
and ninety-two." If that carries, then we can
go to work and make car calculations, to see
whether his details are correct.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will merely
say that 1 desire the question to be taken
bet ween the number proposed by me and the
number proposed by the Committee oil the
Judiciary.
