1568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
six months, and is reappointed, he shall hold
during life, if that is the meaning of the com-
mission.
I object to any rule which shall deprive the
appointing power of the right of distributing
the offices among the people of the States
according to their representation in Congress.
We recognize that principle of distribution in
the appointment of candidates to the Mili-
tary and Naval Schools. Why should we
ignore it in filling offices in the civil ser-
vice? If the people of the States are entitled
to representation in Congress according to
population, why should they not be entitled to
a similar representation in the civil service?
If direct taxes must be laid in the States
according to population, can any man tell me
why the men who pay the taxes should not
invoke the same rule in the apportionment of
the offices? Of course I am not speaking of
the offices local to the States, but of appoint-
ments in the Territories and beyond the
national frontiers and at the capital of the
nation. Here, at this seat of Government,
there are probably four or five thousand offices
in the different Departments, including clerk-
ships. Why should not each State ana Terri-
tory have its fair quota?
But, sir, I did not rise to discuss this great
question of civil servicc reform in its many
aspects and bearings. The President, with
the assent of Congress, has set on foot a plan
1o improve our past system of appointments
to office, one which will relieve him and the
representatives of the people and the States
of a great deal of care and responsibility, and
afford to him and them more opportunity of
attending to the making and administration
of the laws. Tha people have had 110 fair
opportunity to judge it. It is open to great
improvement I have no doubt. Time and ex-
perience will develop its defects. The Presi-
dent asks au appropriation of money to enable
him to test it. It is to be applied in paying
the men who aid him and the Departments in
filling the offices with competent citizens, and
in perfecting the plan he has set on foot. In
one year more we shall have more light on
this question ; tha experiment will have been
tried, and we shall better understand the views
of our constituents. We can then continue
and improve the plan, or abandon it, as our
experience shall decide.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I have sev-
eral times felt tempted to speak upon this sub-
ject of civil service reform ; and I am not sure
that I am wise at this late hour in yielding to
the temptation, but I have taken considerable
interest in the development of the subject
since the law conferring power 011 the Presi-
dent to adopt rules for its regulation was en-
acted. Thatinterest had its origin in the fact
that I was present when the amendment to
the appropriation bill was offered, and noticed
the circumstances under which it was agreed
to. It was offered as an amendment to an
appropriation bill by the Senator from Illinois,
who addressed the Senate this morning, [Mr.
Trumbull.] I was in conference at the time
upon that side of the Chamber with a member
of the House of Representatives from the
State of Pennsylvania, Mr. Armstrong, and he
called to my attention a joint resolution which
he had offered iu the House of Eepresenta-
tives conferring this power upon the President.
We sent for the joint resolution and were look-
ing at it; one or two amendments had been
suggested that it would, be proper to add ;
when the Senator from Illinois, whose atten-
tion had doubtless been directed to the same
subject, offered the amendment which I was
about to offer at the instance of my colleague
in the House to whom I have referred. I have
in my hand the joint resolution No. 481 of
the Forty-First Congress, and it is identical
in language with the section as it is now in-
corporated in that appropriation bill, leaving
out only the closing words, which were these:
" The President is also authorized to prescribe
fees to be paid by all persons applying for appoint-
ments, except suoh classes of honorably discharged
soldiers as he may exempt, which foes shall be ap-
plied to the payment of the expenses of making such
inquiries."
That feature which required fees from the
persons who were applying for appointments
was dropped, and would not, of course, have
met the approval of my friend from Minne-
sota, [Mr. Ramsey,] who made the inquiry the
other evening as to what portion of this
$50,000 was to be applied in paying the applir
cants for office who came here to be examined.
This circumstance led me to take an inter-
est in watching the development of this sys-
tem. I do not propose at this time to go into
a general discussion of the merits of the sys-
tem ; but I have looked into it for the purpose
of seeing if I can and reducing to as short a
compass as possible what the actual com-
plaint is, what the evil is that is to be reme-
died.
Now, sir, let us look at the very narrow
circle within which this appointing power is
confined by the Constitution. I read simply
that portion of it which regulates this subject:
Article two, section two, provides that the
President—
" Shall nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of tho Senate shall appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of tho
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointments are not otherwise herein
provided for, and whioh shall be established by law ;
but the Congress may by law vest the appointment
of suoh inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments."
This contemplates the concurrence of the
Senate in the appointment of diplomatic and
consular officers, and of judges' whose tenure
is for life, those of the Supreme Court. All
other offices which Congress shall not when
the office is created direct to be otherwise
filled are also to be appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. So that
Congress has the absolute power of directing
how all other officers shall be appointed, except
diplomatic and consular officers, and the judges
of the Supreme Court.
In the report of the civil service commis-
sioners—I believe that is their official designa-
tion—we are informed that at present there
are throe thousand officers who are appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate and fifty thousand who are otherwise ap-
pointed. Does this give rise to a well-founded
belief that the Congress is so avaricious of this
appointing power lhat it holds on with death-
like grasp to all that has been placed within
its reach ? The Constitution fixes the" mode
of appointment of diplomatic and consularoffi-
cers and the judges of the Supreme Court only;
and if you were to take up the Blue Book I have
no doubt that these officers will not exceed
in number three hundred ; so that outside of
these three hundred Congress has conferred
upon the President, upon the courts, and upon
the heads of Departments the absolute power
over more than fifty thousand.
Congress in conferring this power upon the
President and heads of Departments has done
exactly what is right. The Constitution con-
templated not only that it should be vested in
the executive officers, but also a division of
powers among the judicial, the executive, and
the legislative departments of the Government,
and then independent action in each. The
President is to execute, the legislative power
is to enact, and the judiciary to expound the
law; and it is proper that each should be
independent in its sphere.
What, then, is the complaint? The com-
plaint is that the same department of the Gov-
ernment which has delegated to the President
and to the heads of the Departments all these
appointments has, in violation of the proper
balances of the Constitution, gone back to the
Executive Departments and begged this patron-
age from them. For, mark it, Congress could
have required every officer not named in the
Constitution to be confirmed by the Senate,
and it would have been much easier for the
members of the House of Representatives, il'
they had been' avaricious of this power, to
have controlled this patronage through the
Senators from their States than by placing
it absolutely in the hands of the Executive
Departments. But they have placed it there,
and now we have the complaint that they have
become either so corrupt or so unfit for the
discharge of their duties that they nominate
to the President and to the heads of Depart-
ments and demand the appointment of bad
or unfit men.
This being the evil, where are we to go for
the remedy? In the very nature of things,
the anomaly is presented that we are driven
back for a remedy to the very power which is
charged with having caused the evil. The mem-
bers of the House of Representatives and the
members of the Senate are charged with mak-
ing improper appointments, with demanding
from the Executive a surrender of his power
for their benefit; and for the purpose of rem-
edying that evil we are compelled to come
back to the very source of the evil.
This of itself would seem to reveal a defect
in our Constitution; and if there be a wrong
here, we are to inquire from whence does it
flow ; why is it that this power is improperly
•exercised in the Government? The complaint
amounts, then, to this, that the people them-
selves have sent the wrong men to Congress
and to the Senate. The whole power of reg-
ulating these appointments is in the House
and Senate, except the few to which I have
adverted. They have themselves regulated it,
and it implies not only that the wrong men are
in the House and in the Senate, but that the
wrong men are also in the Executive Depart-
ments, for if they had a proper sense of the
duties and responsibilities of their Depart-
ments they would not permit executive duties
to be wrested away from them by those who
are charged only with legislative duties. But
the evil does exist. There is no doubt of it.
Whether it is to be traceable to Congress itself
or to the people themselves, we are to look at
it and ascertain what remedy there is for it.
What is really the evil?
I plead guilty to having surrendered, in a
great degree, under the pressure of precedent
and importunity, my idea of what were a Sen-
ator's duties upon this subject when I first took
my place upon this floor. The first incongru-
ity that struck me in reference to the existing
system was this: I had been accustomed to
look upou the discharge of the duties of a Sen-
ator in confirming nominees to office as in
some degree judicial; his advice and his con-
sent were asked as to the fitness of a nominee
to discharge the duties of the office for which
he was nominated, and likening the discharge
of that duty to judicial functions, it struck me
that the judge who would permit himself to be
consulted beforehand upon a case that was to
be tried before him, was unfit for his station;
and it naturally struck me that if I went to the
President or to the head of a Department to
advise him, before my advice was asked, as to
who was the proper man to fill a foreign mis-
sion or a judicial station, when that nominee
came before me, I was in a very bad position
to give advice to him or to my fellow-Senators
when they came to me and asked me whether
he ought or ought not to be confirmed, for, in
effect, it was not the President's nomination
upon which I was sitting" in judgment, but it
was my own.
This was not the only thing. I think every
Senator here will agree, who has ever permitted
himself to yield tothatheadlongtorrent ofpres-
sure after office which swept us all away at the
commencement of this Administration, who
permitted himself to be taken to an executive
department for the purpose of making a rec-
ommendation to office, that he came away with
a sense of humiliation. How else could it be?
We were intruding ouiselves to give advice
before advice was asked, and if the intrusion
