1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
was not resented, as perhaps it should have
been, then one of two results followed: either
the application was successful, or it was re-
fused. If successful, did we not feel obliged?
If refused, did we not feel resentful? And
here comes in, Mr. President, the improper
influence of the Executive upon the legisla-
tive department, and of the legislative upon
the executive department.
If an executive officer can so far yield the
proper discharge of his duties as to appoint,
at my solicitation and upon my knowledge
only, a man to office, when he comes to me
or sends his friend to me for the purpose of
advocating a bill that is pending before Con-
gress, may he not naturally consider it ungra-
cious if 1 refuse to take his word as to the
merits of his bill to as great a degree as he
took mine as to the merits of the officeholder ?
We have all felt this, and many men have felt
alike when their applications were refused,
and when they were granted, that they would
never submit to such a humiliation again. But
the pressure came, and came from whence ?
Not because of the desire of Senators or of
members of the House to control patronage,
but from the clamorous demands of our own
constituents for recognition.
It is alleged that the men who come and
demand this recognition are all unlit for office,
and that none of them ought to be appointed.
On that point I enter my protest. There were
doubtless hundreds of men who come here
demanding office who are unfit for it; but it is
my belief that unless we seek by our own con-
duct as well as by our words to disabuse the
public mind-in this country of the idea that, the
mere entering into politics by any mau is syn-
onymous with defiling his character, we are
not doing our duty as public men. The theory
of our Government is that every citizen is in-
telligent enough to understand every political.
issue that is presented to him, and virtuous
enough when he understands it to do what is
right; and yet this clamor about men who con-
duct the interests of party being in all cases
unfit for office gives rise to the idea that con-
tact with polities is of itself sufficient to destroy
all private and consequently all public virtue.
It is a fallacy; and the public mind in this
country must be educated up to the idea, not
simply that it is not wrong to take an active
part in politics, but that it is the duty of every
good citizen to take such part, and if he has a
good character it ought to be so good that he
is not afraid to take it into politics with him.
Look, Mr. President, at the consequences
which have followed from this idea. I may
illustrate it by pointing to the present condi-
tion of two sections of our country. What has
followed from it? Business men to a great
extent in many communities, business men of
all grades and descriptions, under the influ-
ence of this sentiment, withdraw from active
political life. How is it in New York V How
is it in Philadelphia? How is it in mostof
our large cities? The men who control your
commerce, who control your merchandise and
your manufactures, and the large proprietors
of land even in the thickly-settled States, all
step back. When the primary election is held,
the merchant or shopkeeper perhaps is sitting
with his gown and slippers on, while the men
around the corner, who he says have no char-
acter, are holding the primary election, and
putting up candidates for him to vote for; and
then, when they are once nominated, he must
incur one of two odiums, either of voting for
a bad man or bolting the party ticket. What is
the consequence? Tammany frauds in New
York and the complaints that are coming up
from all the other cities in regard to their bad
municipal governments give the answer. Men
who, by their intelligence and their wealth and
their position and their interest in community,
ought to take an interest in politics, refuse
to do so, and they meet the consequences, and
they learn the lesson that those who will not
discharge their duties by taking their part in
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 99.
all the steps which make up self-government
have in the end to bear and redress the conse-
quences of bad governmeut.
Go to the southern States, and you see ex-
actly the same thing resulting from an oppo-
site cause. There the men who before the
war owned the real estate and the slaves, who
controlled public sentiment, were politicians.
They filled the places in this Hall and in the
other House. But when the rebellion was
over, believing, or affecting to believe, as they
did, that Congress was exercising unwarranted
power over them, for that reason, and for
other reasons which operated at that time,
they did not take their part as they should
have done where they were capacitated to do
it in the public affairs of the southern States.
They stepped back, and the consequence was
that power drifted in too many instances into
the hands either of the irresponsible men who
had floated there for base purposes from the
northern States, or into the hands of the un-
educated negroes; and the consequences in
some of the southern States, not in all, result-
ing in large measure from that refusal to par-
ticipate in politics, are the same, in a degree
at least, that Tammauy produced in New York.
Now, sir. we must get rid of this idea that
all men who take their part and do their
duty in the affairs of Government by doing
so lose their characters and become incapaci-
tated to fill offices. I agree that the men
who seek office habitually and persistently
are in a large measure unfitted for it., aud give
evidence by the very clamor with which they
seek it of their incapacity to discharge many
of its duties. But, the people should under-
stand that it is largely through their own indif-
ference and through their own neglect that
these evils creep into the Government, and
when they remedy this evil by their own activ-
ity civil service reform will in a large meas-
ure have done its work. If it be true that a
member of Congress goes to the President or
to the head of a Department and seeks the
appointment of an unfit man, of a friend,
simply because he has carried a primary elec-
tion, or because he has been in a convention
and voted for him, the remedy is for that
constituency the next time to send a better
man and one who will not do such things. If
such men get into the Senate the remedy is
with the constituency of the State to see to it
that the next time they elect a Legislature
they elect one that will not send such a Sena-
tor, because, look at it as you may, this thing
runs in a circle. The Constitution vests the
power in Congress to regulate the mode of
appointments to office with the exception of a
very few. They have regulated it. But it is
alleged that upon the President and heads of
Departments these men exercise a corrupt
influence, and to remedy it you are forced to
come back to the very men whom you charge
with exercising that corrupt influence.
Now, sir, we have endeavored to prescribe
a remedy. We have endeavored to authorize
the President to lay down such rules as will
enable him to exercise the power which we
have conferred upon him. I intend to vote
for the appropriation for this purpose. I in-
tend to vote for it, if for no other reason, as a
means of keeping this subject before the pub-
lic mind. I have not, I confess, implicit faith
in the idea that these rules are going to work
out a reformation on this subject. I do not
believe that to a large extent they will. I have
no idea that the lime will ever come when the
people will give up the idea of local represent-
ation in the Departments, aud of political recog-
nition. Whatever we may say in looking back
to the early days of the Republic, and how-
ever much we may wish that we again could
have those halcyon days when honesty and
capacity were the only tests for office, no man
who understands the state of the political ther-
mometer in these latter days can expect that
political recognition will be driven out of the
Departments. It cannot be.
Why, I had an illustration of it a few days
ago, in the very heat and clamor of this civil
service reform, in a portion of my State where
as much has been published and said about it
as in any other portion of the State. It hap-
pened a few weeks ago that a very influential
gentleman procured the appointment of a
Democrat to the position of storekeeper in a
still-house. That community had been for
civil service reform, and there was a position
in which it was supposed, if any one, there
would be very little clamor about having a
Democrat. But there he was, and the fact that
he was a Democrat brought to me, for it is a
Democratic district, more letters on the sub-
ject of that appointment as an outrage against
all propriety and all right than I received
about the assessor, the collector, the marshal,
and the judge for the whole western district.
And what was the burden of the complaint?
Why, here was a man appointed who was, in
the language of the letters—language I never
use—a copperhead, over men who had served
the country in the Army, toaposition in a still-
house. You cannot wipe it out, Mr. Presi-
dent. These political lines have been drawn
across the hearts and the recollections of the
people in hues of blood, and you cannot wash
them out in this generation. Local represent-
ation in the Departments and political recog-
nition will continue in the appointments to
office, and I hazard nothing in saying that if
we could pass a c ivil service bill to-day which
would keep these officers in position for life,
if the not very probable event of a Democratic
Administration coming into power should hap-
pen, thirty days would not run after its inaugu-
ration until the law would be wiped from the
statute-book and the offices would be filled by
men of the Democratic creed. We may make
up our minds on that point.
But, sir, I wish to see the subject, as I have
said, before the popular mind. I wish to see
the public mind educated up to the idea that
every man must take bis part in politics and
that the people themselves must be held re-
sponsible for bad men in office, I care not
whether it be in the seats of Senators and
Representatives, or in the minor departments
of the Government; and when we get that idea
firmly fixed in the minds of the people, that
they are to exercise their inherent right, that
they may discard the men who seek office and
select those whom they think most competent
and send them here, we shall then be getting
at civil service reform at the right end. We
begin at the wrong end when we undertake to
regulate it by rules here. All that is necessary
here to cure the evil which is complained of is
for every Senator and .Representative to say
that he will neither sign a recommendation
nor go to a Department, yet he cannot do that
in all cases without refusing what is a matter
of justice and what must become necessary
under these very civil service regulations. He
ought to give the appointing power the benefit
of his knowledge as to the character of the
applicants when he has that knowledge, and it
is asked of him. After these examining boards
shall have examined an applicant and found
him to be worthy, he may have a character
which totally unfits him for that service.
I recall to mind an instance of an appoint-
ment in the consular service of a gentleman
who stauds high in the community in which
he lives, who brought here recommendations
strong enough to have made him minister to
the court of St. James, and his nomination
was actually sent into the Senate upon the
belief on the part of the Department, on the
part of the members of Congress from the
region in which he lived, on the part of every-
body, that he was an eminently fit appoint-
ment to be made ; and yet it turned out that
this man, known only to a limited circle, was
badly ' afflicted with kleptomania; in plain
English, he had an uncontrollable propensity
to steal. If you had a civil service board to
examine such men you still have the right to
