1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL £LOBE.
4257'
Now, as compared with the corporations to
whom the Government is indebted, and to
whom, I take it for granted, it will respond,
the indebtedness to individuals is compar-
atively small. These individuals, to a great
extent, in my own State, and I take it to be
true everywhere else, wherever they could, in
the main, continued to carry the mails for
the confederate government., and they did it
in many cases to avoid military service. Men
were glad to escape military service by con-
tinuing to carry the little horse-mails across
the country from one point to another. It is
difficult to see how they could have been more
innocently employed, so far as this Govern-
ment is concerned. I do not know of any-
thing else they could have done that would
have done this Government less harm than that
particular service. When we come to look
at the amount appropriated here, $2-50,000,
which is supposed to be more than the aggre-
gate of the whole indebtedness, or so much as
is necessary to be applied out of that sum to
the extinguishment of these claims, I take it
for granted that that portion of it that will go
to individuals is small; and while we are con-
ceding that the railroad companies may re-
cover what will be due to them, much the
larger amount of the indebtedness, I think
we might as well allow the individual claim-
ants to take the small amount that will be
coming to them without making the require-
ment any longer of proof of loyalty. I think
that is the most important portion of the
amendment. As to the proviso that the
House has put in here, I am not very partic-
ular about it, though I think it had better be
stricken out. It reads:
That before any payment shall be made under
this act, satisfactory evidence shall be furnished
that no compensation has been received from any
source for such service.
It is difficult to see how the mail contractor
ol this Government could have been paid from
any source except from the Treasury of the
United States. I do not see the use of the
proviso. It only serves to embarrass the claim-
ants, requiring negative proof, I suppose, on
their part, that they have never been paid any-
thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. COLE. I rise rather to ask to have the
vote on this question than to say anything
further ; but I will remark that at the opening
of hostilities, actual war, these claims on both
sides were wiped out; they ceased to be valid
claims. These persons who were rendering
service to the Government of the United States
were no longer able to do so, and the United
States forbore because of its inability to col-
lect taxes of these parties. It is an old say-
ing, inter arma leges silent. There was no
law existing during the rebellion, and it is
not for us now to go back and commence pay-
ing these old claims. Senators ought to reflect
that the parties who are making these claims
for a series of years ceased to pay their por-
tion of the expenses of the Government of the
United States, and up to this time they have
not done it. They are the debtors of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. And these very
railroad companies, as I am reminded, obtained
their pay n9 doubt from the confederate States,
in confederate paper money, and I presume
they have been more than amply paid, so far
at least as the nominal amount is concerned,
for the service they rendered during that time;
and though this relates to services that were
rendered prior to a certain date, yet I must
say they had probably generally been paid up
pretty close to that time by the United States.
It is hardly proper for us to go back now.
We shall find ourselves in a dilemma in a little
while if we adopt that policy.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I just wish to say a
word 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina has spoken five
42i> Oonq. 2d Ses8.—No. 267.
minutes on this amendment, and is not entitled
to speak again except by unanimous consent.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I only ask a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
South Carolina [Mr. Robertson] to the sec-
tion proposed to be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 26, noes 13.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on striking out the paragraph as
amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
section by striking out in lines six and seven
the words "31st day of May, 1861,'' and insert-
ing " passage of a so-called ordinance of seces-
sion by the State in which the services were
rendered."
1 certainly do not wish to pay railroad com-
panies for transporting supplies for bombard-
ing Fort Sumter. I do not want to pay for the
services of corporations or individuals in
States that had proclaimed an ordinance of
secession, whether we regarded those ordin-
ances of secession as valid or not. I style them
" so-called ordinances." They were valid
enough as against us, and no citizen of any
southern State ever rendered any service to
the United States except by fighting it after
the ordinances of secession ; and why anybody
should fix the 31st day of May, 1861, as the
time I cannot imagine.
We might in this way be compelled to pay
money to railroad companies who were en-
gaged in the service of the rebel confederacy,
or in the service of the rebel States which
were waging war. We might be paying rail-
road companies that were transporting men
and supplies to bombard General Anderson
at Fort Sumter. I think that would be carry-
ing generosity to all extent unparalleled. Why
fix it at the 31st of Alay, 1861? You might
as well make it 31st of May, 1865, so as to
pay them during the whole war, because I
take it that after the ordinances of secession
these railroad companies received pay from
the rebel governments, or from the State gov-
ernments, because the State governments
were supreme in those States when they pro-
claimed secession.
While I am up I will say that I think my-
self that in all human probability ninety-nine
out of a hundred of these parties got their pay
from the rebel government. The confederacy
passed an ordinance assuming to their own
citizens debts due from the United States to
them. That wa3 the natural sequence of their
rebellion. They then offered very kindly to
pay to us their fair proportion of the debts of
the United States that had been contracted
before the war ! They offered to make a di-
vide 1 They confiscated the property of our
citizens, refused to pay debts due to our peo-
ple during the war, and did not do it, confis-
cated money of the United States in the hands
of postmasters, and there was one marked ex-
ample where an officer of the United States
did try to settle with the Government of the
United States after an ordinance of secession
and we have rewarded his remarkable patriot-
ism by giving him pay, but in most cases the
rebel State governments and the rebel con-
federacy confiscated the property of the Uni-
ted States and the money of the United States
in the hands of the officers of the United
States.
Now, I am willing to forgive and forget, to
let by-gones be by-gones; and I do not want
to revive the recollection of these old claims.
They were wiped out by the war, extinguished,
exterminated. Let them go, be buried in the
grave of the past, and I trust no effort will be
made now to revive them against the United
States.
Mr. HILL. I only wish to say in reply to
the Senator from Ohio that the books of the
Post Office Department show the indebtedness
of that Department to every mail contractor
in the southern States up to the 31st of May,
1861; and that is the reason of that date.
That Department gave notice to the contract-
ors that it' would not any longer continue
the contracts bfeyond that particular period of
time, a month and a half before the battle
of Bull Run. The Government had been
hoping all a long, I take it, that there would
be no actual and flagrant war ; but it did not
turn out that way, and they gave notice them-
selves and terminated these contracts. It was
the fault of the Department if they directed
these contractors to go on carrying their mails,
which they did from this city and from the
northern cities over the entire South. Fort
Sumter had not been bombarded and reduced.
What was the duty of the contractors ? It
was to perform their contracts. They did it
and did it until they were notified that they
would be discontinued, and up to that time the
so called confederate government had not or-
ganized any mail system, but strangely enough,
in an attitude of hostility, relied upon this
Government for the transportation of news
matter.
That is the history of it, as I understand.
You cannot account in any other way for the
termination of those contracts at the close of
May, 1861. That was the way it was brought
about. The Government might have termin-
ated them earlier if it had chosen to do so,
but it did not. Therefore, it was no fault of
the contractors that the Government continued
them in its service.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. ROBERTSON. The amendment of
the Senator from Ohio will only kill the sec-
tion. I hope, therefore, it will not be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. My amendment is very
simple. It is simply not to pay for services
in any State after its ordinance of secession
was passed. In South Carolina they passed
the ordinance of secession in January. Would
the Senator from South Carolina think it right
for the Government of the United States to
pay for the transportation of the mail in the
State of South Carolina after she had openly
seceded, s® that no man recognizing the Gov-
ernment of the United States could live in the
State of South Carolina ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I deny it. I lived there.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator was a citi-
zen ; but I could not live there.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The president of the
South Carolina railroad company lived there
that I spoke of a few moments ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the question :
ought we to pay for carrying the mail to the
people of South Carolina after they passed
an ordinance of secession ?
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that the mails were carried at
the request of the Government long after the
ordinance of secession was passed ; they were
made up in the city of Washington and in-
trusted to these contractors to take South at
that time ; and the mail contractors reported
to the Department at Washington during the
entire period for which payment is asked here,
and the postmasters made their returns up to
that time as they had done before. It -was
subsequent to that time that the rebel gov-
ernment took possession of the mails and
assumed to make any compensation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whore shall we find the
evidence of what the Senator is saying ?
Mr. SAWYER. In the Post Office Depart-
ment. The Senator from Georgia has just
stated the exact facts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But we are accustomed
generally to have some official evidence laid
on our tables.
Mr. SAWYER. I can conceive of no official
evidence which would satisfy my friend from
Vermont that this claim ought to be paid.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. That would depend a
little on whether the evidence existed, which
does not appear yet.
