1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
678
Mr. POMEROY. I am at a loss to under-
stand tlie Senator. I supposed that this appor-
tionment must be made upon some rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is no rule reported
by anybody. We do not know what il is.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not calculated
it. I do not know whether these numbers are
reached, correctly to each of the States or not.
The Senator says it is so, and I suppose it is;
but I would rather have a definite numberfixed,
and let eveiy State have its proportion on a
rule that should apply equally to all. The
Senator has argued at considerable length this
morning against a large House of Represent-
atives, and yet he proposes to add nine to the
number of members fixed by the bill of the
House. I do not understand it. In the light
of his argument, he should either leave the
number as it now is or fix the number that
they shall be entitled to by a strict rule appli-
cable to all the States alike.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. _ I am ready
to explain this at full length and in detail; but
as it has been before every Senator, I supposed
all had read the same document I had read.
There they will see that it is carefully figured
out, with every fraction, on paper. I have
figured it independently of this paper before I
saw it, and I think there is no mistake as to
its accuracy. In relation to my consistency,
Iwili say that while I consider a large increase
of the House of Representatives an evil, I
consider an injustice inflicted on any State a
greater evil. I consider disobedience to a
plain provision of the Constitution so flagrant
that I cannot vote for the bill any way, unless
it be altered seriously.
Mr. POMEROY. No Senator desires to
inflict any injustice on any State, I think,
especially upon New England. The Senator
has spoken at considerable length, with a
view of exciting sympathy for New England.
I do not believe there is a person in the Senate
that would detract an iota of any credit or
merit that may be due to New England. But
if she is losing year by year her population we
cannot make it up by law. We cannot legis-
late men into Vermont. We cannot help it.
Her loss of population is owing to one of those
inevitable laws that cannot be controlled by
legislation, nor by these mathematical calcu-
lations, in my opinion. I want to give New
England and every State everything she is
entitled to, and nothing more.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is just what, she
asks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of tins Senator from
Vermont, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered. Those voting for the larger
number will vote "yea;" those voting for the
smaller number will vote " nay.'1
Mr. SHERMAN. What, is the proposition?
The PRESIDING OFFlCELt,. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, toincrease
the number of Representatives to two hundred
and ninety-two.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Chair will allow
me, I tried to get the Senator from Vermont to
make that motion ; but instead of making a
motion to increase the number to two hundred
and ninety-two, I understand he simply makes
a motion to increase New Hampshire from two
to three, to increase Vermont from two to
three, and to increase certain States, but he
does not mime the aggregate, so as to get a
direct vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
merely meant to state the effect of the vote
generally that Senators might understand it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will move
then to insert in line five "two hundred and
ninety-two'1 in place of "two hundred and
forty-three."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That we understand.
The Senator now moves to strike "two hun-
dred and forty- three'' out of the Senate amend-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 43.
ment and insert "two hundred and ninety-
two."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the first proposition for the present, and move
this last.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the amendment to the amend-
ment, to strike out "two hundred and forty-
three" and insert "two hundred and ninety-
two," on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FENTON (alter having voted in the
negative) said: I was paired for Saturday on
this subject with the Senator from New Hamp
shire. [Mr. Ceagin,] and as his colleague
thinks the pair may extend over until to day,
I desire to withdraw my vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor will be allowed to withdraw his vote.
The result was announced—yeas 17, nays
31 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boremivn, Carpenter,
Edmunds, Goldthwaito, Hamlin, Harlan. Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pat-
terson, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, and
Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair. Caldwell,
Cameron. Casserly, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Davis
of Kentucky. Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of
Michigan, Hamilton of Maryland, ilill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kelly, Norwood. Pumeroy, Pool, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, Thunnan, Tipton, Trumbull, Windom, and
Wright—:;!.
A liSBNT—Messrs. Alcorn, lirownlow, Bucking-
ham, Chandler, Cooper, Coibett, Cragm, Ronton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Frehnghuysen,
Gilbert, Hamilton ol Texas, ilowe, Kellogg, Lo-
gan, Morton, Osborn, Pratt, Rice, SchuiE, Spencer,
Stewart, Vickers, and West—35.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That presents the dis-
tinct question between the Senate amendment
and the House bill, the Senate amendment
fixing the number at two hundred ancl lorty-
three, while the House bill has it at two hun
dred and eighty- three. If we adopt this amend-
ment, it will fix the number of the House of
Representatives as it now is, at two hundred
and forty-three.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the indul-
gence of the Senate in saying a word on this
amendment of the committee. I do not sup-
pose it will perhaps be any advantage that I
should say it except to myself in the fact that
1 do say it and call tlic attention of the Sen-
ate to just what the truth is about this matter
once more. It looks a litlle as if the univer-
sal thirst for gain has got inside of this Cham-
ber, and that gentlemen are inclined to vote
because they see it with the eyes of what may
be advantageous to their particular States,
irrespective of what the Constitution may
require and what the mathematics will show.
The Constitution declares that we shall have
equal representation aeeoidmg to numbers;
and yet as this House bill stands there are
eighteen States, to wit, Arkansas, Connecti-
cut, Georgia, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky,
Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan,
Missouri, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, and Wisconsin,
to whom by the House bill are given eighteen
Representatives above an equal division which
only, as I think, the Constitution permits. It
gives eighteen Representatives above an even
division, on remainders amounting in the
aggregate to 1,731,727; whereas it leaves out
the other nineteen States,who have together a
remainder over of almost half a million, to
wit, 473,045, not represented at all.
The consequence, therefore, of making this
allowance for remainders, instead of obeying
what I consider the Constitution plainly to
be, is that these eighteen States take eighteen
Representatives as you will see on less than
100,000 people to each Representative; you
have 1,700,000 of population and you get
eighteen Representatives upon them, leaving
nearly half a million in the other nineteen
States unrepresented; whereas for these eigh-
teen Representatives they would have required
on the even division that the other States are
obliged to submit to, besides losing their re-
mainders, 2,44(5,142 inhabitants, thus giving
a representation on 714.415 of an absolutely
fictitious population, or more than five Rep-
resentatives for no population at all, to the
exclusion 'of nineteen States entitled on the
same principle to more than three Represent-
atives on a real population.
The answermadetothisis, " Wecannothelp
it." So can every one say that does an injus-
tice and violates the Consliluiion, " We cannot
help it." The Constitution says that the
apportionment shall be according to numbers,
and down to 1840 Congress never passed a
bill which authorized any State to take any-
thing bevond the number that an even division
would give her. On the contrary, in 1792,
when the first apportionment bill was passed,
it was passed upon the theory of representing
fractions, and President. Washington veioed
the bill for that very cause. I have his mes-
sage here. It will take only a moment to read
it, and as it is very short, as I trust my little
speech will be, I will read it:
April 5, 1792.
Gentlemen of the Jlome of IZepresentativcs : j
X have maturely considered the act passed 1* tho
two Houses, entitled "An act for an apportion-
ment of Representatives anions; the several States
according to the first enumeration," and L i cturn it
to your House, wherein it originated, with tho fol-
lowing objections : tirst, the Constitution has pre-
scribed that Representatives shall be apportioned
among tho several States according to their respective
nuiubeih; and theie is no one proportion or division
which, applied to tho respective manners ol tho
States, will yield tho number and allotment of Rep-
resentatives proposed by tho bill. Second, tho
Constitution has also provided that the number of
Representativesshall not exceed one for every thirty
thousand, which restriction is, by tho context, and
by tail and obvious construction, to bo applied to
the sepal ate and respective numbers of the States,
and this bill has allotted to cightof the Slates mora
than one lor overy thirty thousand.
GliUKGE WASHINGTON.
!t appears from the contemporaneous de-
bates in both Houses, which seem to be very
well reported in the Annals of Conu'tess, that
the whole question turned in (he Cabinet of
Geneial Washington, and also in the two
Houses of Congress afier the message was
received, upon (he real question slated by the
President in his first, objection, and that was
that, in order to obey the Constitution the best
and only thing that could be done was to make
an even division, having agreed upon what
number of Representatives the House should
contain, paying no attention to remaindeis at
all, and then the consequence would be, aside
from obeying the Constitution, that each
State having a somewhat, greater or less frac-
lion over, would, in a general sense, aveiage
the matter of this supposed remainder or in-
equality in such a way as to produce the near-
est result to perfect justice. Accordingly ihat
bill was dropped, and a new bill was passed,
which the President did approve, providing
that tin* number of the House of Representa-
tives should be so many as should be upon the
ratio of one for every thirty-three thousand
inhabitants, I beiieve.
That was followed until 1832, when a strong
effort was again made to have a representa-
tion upon fractions in the same form that it is
proposed to represcntthem by this House bill.
That, after great debate, passed the Senate m
the form of an amendment to the House bill,
which still adhered to (he consiituiiouai inter-
pretation of the first veto message that ever
arose under the present Constitution. Il passed
the Senale as an amendment to (he House
Lil!, but the House disagreed to the amend-
ment, and the Senate again receded ; so that
down to 1810 Representatives wvre always
apportioned under the Constitution upon evea
divisions, leaving to the accidents of popula-
