1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2465
where great speed and carrying capacity are re-
quired. These qualifications have been most happily
blended, as evidenced by the regularity of the pas-
sages they make and the large amount of fuel and
freight they stow, independent of their passenger
accommodation. The Nebraska having been visited
by some thousands of our citizens, it is hardly neces-
sary to speak of the elaborate fittings, of the well-
ventilated and commodious saloon, or of the care
and attention that has been displayed in providing
for the comfort of thos^e who are fortunate enough
to travel by her. She berths in her main cabin one
hundred and thirty-two, and about five hundred for-
ward, while her crew number seventy-six men and
othceii. Or course it is imperative to have well-
arranged store-rooms, cooking appliances, &c.. to
uieel the wants of so many, but this has all been
attended to, her resources being ample for fifty days
The formation of this line of steamers is a direct
benefit to the port, as they provision, coal, and efiect
all repairs here. Already some thousands have been
expended in shipwrights' and engineers' work, irre-
spective of the provedore's departmentand coaling,
which excceds £1,500 each voyage. The Nebraska
has taken in eleven hundred tons of coal, and with
freight and passengers is likely to be fairly patron-
ized. This line of steamers is opening up a large
trade with the States of America, and already a
largo quantity of our chief exports, especially wool,
has been purchased for the Atlantic markets."
I read this in the hope that it may excite the
patriotic pride of Senators somewhat to see
what has been done by this one individual in
establishing the character of Americans for
enterprise in those islands. On that occasion
the whole colonial parliament sitting at Sydney
and almost the whole population of that great
city visited this ship and were struck with
admiration and wonder at the completeness
of her appointments in every respect.
The Market Review of Melbourne, of Janu-
ary 1, 1872, speaking of this new trade, says:
"In addition to our large general shipments to
England as regularly advised, our Europeau friends
must not forget that shipments of many of the minor
articles of Victorian produce are made upon a mod-
erate scale to Ceylon, India, and China. A new fea-
ture in our shipping and freight market has success-
fully doveloped itself this season, namely, the direct
shipment of wool to the United States, there having
up to this time been dispatched, each with a full
cargo of wool, six ships, two of these bemg destined
for New York and four for Boston; and there seems
no doubt but that the trade will continue and largely
increase for the future. Coal freights to San Fran-
cisco and the various ports in China have steadily
advanced during the past year, every mail which
arrived during the period under review having
brought advices of an enhanced value of the mineral
obtaining in the respective markets; and the rates
now current, and at which a considerable amount
of tonnage could be placed, are as favorable to ship-
owners as any which have hitherto existed."
The same report published in the Argus
says:
"The establishment of this direct line of swift
steamships is opening up now a trade with the
United States which must grow to immense propor-
tions, and is of corresponding interest to these col-
onies as well as America; and why not? We are
the near neighbors of that groat and go-ahead
nation."
The term u go-ahead'' may well be applied
to Mr. Webb, but unfortunately it cannot be
applied to some of our people.
Again, here is a report as to the shipments
of wool to this country:
"During the period which has been passed since
date of my last cireularot'4th instant, shipments of
wool and other general colonial produce to England,
and that of wool in particular to the United States
ports of New York and Boston, have again been upon
an extensive scale, the undermentioned ships having
been dispached, namely: the Hydaspes, 2,098 tons
register; Shannon, 1,500; PenthesileaJ.,668; Wave
of Life,887; Golden Sea,1,418; True Briton, 1,046;
Benvenue, 999; andHippolyta, 853; (jrolconda, 499 ;
and William Clowes,5bl—for Boston; with the Aar-
doo, 379, for New York. The demand for tonnage
to load coals at Newcastle for ports in China and
for S;m Francisco, as referred to in my last advices,
continued during the month, and has been intensi-
fied since the arrival of the mail on the 21st instant,
and but for the scarcity of tonnage no doubt a large
business would have been concluded at the enhanced
rates now offering. Large and important as were
last year's shipments of produce up to the end of
December, they are greatly eclipsed by those made
to the same period this year, the total quantity of
wool exported being 260.104 bales, of which 247,104
went to London and 13.000 to New York and Boston,
being an excess of 72,512 bales over that of 1870. The
large increase in the exports of our other article of
produce is upon a scale fully equal in magnitude to
that of our chief staple."
The Honolulu Advertiser for February, 1872,
' The detention of the Moses Taylor by the non-
arrival of the English mails overland, caused some
42c CoNtt. 2d Sess.—No. 155.
little disarrangement in the calculations of our re-
tailers, but the inconvenience was but slight, and
was more thau counterbalanced by the bringing of
important newsof a late date. The freight brought
here by the Nebraska for shipment per Moses Tay-
lor more than equaled the carrying capacity of the
latter boa,t, and this shows, as we have said before,
that Mr. Webb cannot put more boats on too soon."
Mr. Webb is upon the spot superintending
this business himself, and I "have received a
letter from him under date of Sydney, Janu-
ary 30, 1872, ill which he says:
"These people admit the great value of the ser-
vice to both countries, and say it must be con-
tinued, but cling strongly to the idea of its being
done in their own steamers, through help from the
home (Knglish) Government.
"They say if the United States Government votes
aid to our line, that then they must abandon all hope
of securing the route and business to themselves,
and would find it to their interest to subsidize the
American line, and by such aid secure one first-
class line, which could compete successfully m oppo-
sition to the old established line via Suez, which is
not popular here."
But, sir, in the, hope that we may speedily
procure a vote on the passage of the bill, I
shall forbear to say anything further oil the
subject at this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Minnesota finds it convenient to defend
his bill by attacking me. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, so far as that attack is concerned, it is
not justified by the facts. He accused me of
not being in favor of liberal appropriations
for this service. The very proposition which
I made contemplated a greater appropriation
than is included in this bill, for it not, only
contemplated instructions to the committee to
report in favor of this, but in favor of com-
merce on the Atlantic.
I shall not retort upon the Senator from
Minnesota by complaining that he never goes
for liberal and magnificent expenditures from
the Treasury. God knows he never will give
me any chance to do that. [Laughter.] He
always votes for the largest figures.
He accuses nlte of bemg in favor of liberal
expenditures for the Capitol grounds. I be-
lieve that is the unanimous sentiment of the
Senate. I have no distinction on that subject
from any other Senator. But the Senator
surpasses me by proposing as an absolute gift
to these parties a greater expenditure than is
involved in the purchase of both these squares;
in other words, he proposes to give these par-
ties $500,000, for which we are under no
obligation whatever. The difference between
the Senator and myself is this: I propose to
have some consideration for the money that
goes out of the Treasury; if we purchase these
two squares we only pay what they are worth ;
but he proposes to give these parties outright
5500,000.
In another respect I differ with the Senator.
Instead of giving an absolute sum of $500,000
I propose that we give out this service by con-
tract to the lowest bidder. Why should we
propose to give any parties an outright sum of
$500,000 when the original bill asked for but
$300,000? The liberality of the Post Office
Committee, which the Senator seems to exult
in, surpasses the demand of the represent-
atives of the Pacific coast. The Senator from
California [Mr. Cole] only asked for $300,000,
but in the munificence of the chairman of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, he
proposes to give $500,000. 1 do not propose
to do either.
"Mr. COLE. What is the Senator referring
to when he speaks of that ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I refer to
the bill introduced here and the amendment
to it. The bill as introduced by the Senator
from California only asked for $300,000 per
annum, but the bill as amended by the com-
mittee proposes to grant $500,000.
Mt. COLE. But ill consideration of that
larger subsidy, the bill as it now stands makes
other conditions in regard to the ships, &c., I
will state to the Senator.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well.
At all events this service should be inaugu-
rated by contract, if inaugurated at all. It ought
to be done by parties who will do it the best,
and at the cheapest rate. I do not propose to
oppose any measure of this kind. I am in
favor of something being done, but I want to
have it done economically, wisely, and for all
parts of the country, for parts where we have
an existing commerce as well as for parts where
we have none.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads what amount he expects to
receive for carrying the mails between Austra-
lia and the United States by this steamship
line? Let hiai state approximately what
amount will be received.
Mr. RAMSEY. But comparatively a small
sum.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is as I supposed.
Something more than a year ago, Mr. Presi-
dent, a similar bill was introduced and referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and a sub-
committee of the Committee on Commerce,
of which I think my honorable friend from
Connecticut [Mr. Buckingham] was chair-
man, made a thorough investigation into the
commercial merits of this enterprise. I think
we spent several weeks in a very thorough and
complete investigation.
I did state a year ago, in a few remarks which
I submitted to this body, that the commerce
with Australia was comparatively insignificant,
and must remain so. To show precisely what
it does amount to, I hold in my hand the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury from the
1st of October, 1869, until the 30th of Jan-
uary, 1870, for three quarters of the year.
The whole exports from Melbourne for the
quarter ending the 31st December, 1869, were
£1,812 12s. 2d. The total amount of exports
from Melbourne for the quarter ending March
31, 1870, was £1,280 3s. 11 d. The total ex-
port from Melbourne for the quarter ending
September 30, 1870, was £486 2s. lid.; mak-
ing the grand total for three quarters of a
year, £3,572 19s." There was the whole grand
total, and it is put down here as the grand
total.
Mr. NYE. "What is the last report?
Mr. CHANDLER. I have not got any later
than this. I sent for the last report, but could
only get this. That was the whole amount of
exports from Australia then.
The facts, as they were developed before the
Committee on Commerce, were these: the
productions of Australia are substantially the
same as the productions of California. It is
true, Melbourne takes some agricultural im-
plements, and it is true we import some wool
from Melbourne; but it costs nearly three
times as much to transport those agricultural
implements from New York to Sau Francisco
as it does to ship them from New York around
the Horn, and it costs three times as much to
bring that wool from San Francisco to the
eastern market, where it is wanted, as it does
to bring it around the Horn. It is an absolute
impossibility to build up a commerce, because
it does not exist and 'cannot be created; it is
not there.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Seinator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. The figures read by the
Senator from the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury are so different from those be-
fore me now m a special report made by the
Secretary of the Treasury on the 20th of Feb-
ruary, of this year, that 1 wish to ask what he
is reading from ?
Mr. CHANDLER. The Report on Com-
mercial Relations for 1870, page 160. You
will find it in the last commercial report
printed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CASSERLY. The report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury made to the Senate states
the exports from Australia and New Zealand
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, to
the United States, at $2,272,723.
