674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
tion whatever remainders there might be to
fall upon one State or another.
Of course I admit that that does not in a
mathematical sense produce perfect equality,
because the State which has the greatest re-
mainder over has proportionately less repre-
sentation ; but it will be found, applied to the
present census, that a large number of these
eighteen States that are now to be represented
upon fractions have the largest population ;
they are the largest States, and therefore the
proportionate diminution under the Constitu-
tion, according to their respective numbers,
from this loss on having a larger remainder,
amounts to nothing at all, because the repre-
sentation of two and a half million people in
Ohio by seventeen Representatives, if you
please, when by a perfect mathematical divis-
ion she would be entitled to have a Repre-
sentative on a remainder of two hundred thou-
sand over, or one hundred thousand, or what-
ever it might be, would be much smaller than
oil the same number of population or a smaller
portion of population left over in a State whose
total population was much loss. In - other
words, each State being represented accord-
ing to its population, man for man, at the
nearest possible approach to a division, thus
gets her equality, although the larger re-
mainders are found in the larger States. But
that by this House bill seems to be entirely
igtioj^d, as I pointed out on Friday. It
appears, for an illustration again, that the
State of Ohio, with eight times the population
of Vermont, has ten tunes her representation,
and you could therefore take two from the State
of Ohio and strike out from this bill altogether
three of her Representatives, making her seven-
teen, and she would then have a representation
on a smaller ratio of division than several of the
other States havoby the bill. It is obvious that
that does not comply with the Constitution.
It is true that the amendment reported by
the committee does not cure that evil, because
the committee—a majority of the committee,
and therefore the whole committee—did not
feel quite advised of ihe propriety of making
no provision for this direct, representation of
fractions; but it so happens, as I believe 1
undertook to show on Friday, that if you adopt
this amendment the result in respect to the
evenness of these remainders, and in respect
to the general justice of the result, with one
single exception, comes much nearer to the
truth and to the eonstituiional basis than the
bill of the House does. But, the true thing
that this body ought to do, and that I he House
ought to do, is to reject fractions altogether ;
to pay attention to remaindeis, but to obey the
Constitution in the sein>e in which it was inter
preted lor the first fifty years of the Govern-
ment, when the question was drawn into con-
sideration at every census, when it was acted
upon by both Ileuses of Congress, by the
President, and every Department of the Gov-
ernment in one direction. Then 110 State can
complain; then 110 serious injustice looking
over a considerable period of time can ever
be done. But if you are temporarily to give
to States which have large remainders more
than they are entitled to, and deny to States
with small remainders any representation at
all, you just double the injustice.
This is a matter of great importance for the
future as well as to-day. To us in Vermont it
is a very small matter, and indeed as the coun-
try is now constituted 11 makes no practical
difference. We have sufficient reliance upon
the justice and the honor of the Representatives
of t£te people ot the United States to suppose
that if we were not represented at all, it our
Representatives should die to morrow, no in-
justice would be done to the section of coun-
try they would otherwise represent. That is
not the point at all; but it is the point in this
great and growing country that we should ex-
press and carry out some fidelity to the consti-
tutional requirements as to equality of repre-
sentation, and that can only be attained, as it
appears to me, by adhering to the construc-
tion that was put upon the Constitution in the
first fifty years of the Government, and reject-
ing remainders altogether. I should hope, if
this amendment of the committee should be
adopted or should not, some step might be
taken which would enable the Senate to express
its opinion in some definite form upon the
question which I have now stated.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the first amendment reported by
the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
inquire whether this amendment involves the
question between the Senate ratio and the
House directly ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does. The
effect of this amendment is to reduce the House
from the number fixed by the House bill to
two hundred and forty-three.
Mr. SHERMAN. A vote "yea" will fix
the number at "two hundred and forty-three;"
a vote "nay" will leave it as the House has
left it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those in
favor of the smaller number will vote "yea;"
those m favor of the larger number will vote
" nay."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken I
desire to make one remark. I was struck
with the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] the other day with regard to
the proposition as it comes from the House.
He reminded us that it was a House proposition
and that it was natural that the House should
be allowed to regulate itself. I think there is
much in that worthy of consideration. I doubt
if the Senate would receive any proposition
from the House especially applicable to us
with much favor. I think we should be dis-
posed to repel it. I think that we should say
that our experience should enable us to judge
that question better than the experience of the
House. And now I ask whether the experience
of the House does not enable them to judge of
the question of numbers better than we can
judge of it? I confess that 011 general grounds
1 should prefer a smaller House ; personally 1
incline that way, but 1 am not willing on that
point to set myself against the House.
Then, sir, 1 cannot be insensible to the ex-
ample ot other countries. 1 do not know
whether Senators have troubled themselves
on that head ; but if they have not, I think it
will not be uninteresting to them to have their
attention called to the numbers of the great
legislative bodies of the world at this moment.
Beginning with England, there is the upper
House, the Chamber of Peers, composed of
four hundred and sixty-six members; then the
lower House, the House of Commons, with six
hundred and fifty-eight members. Wo know
that, practically, these members attend only
in comparatively small numbers ; that it is
only on great questions that either House is
full.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did the House of Lords
ever have anything like that number present,?
Mr. SUMNER. Ithas hadseveral hundred.
There are four hundred and sixty-six entitled
to seats in the House of Lords.
Pass over to France. The National Assem-
bly sitting at Versailles at this moment, elected
February 8, 1871, and July 2, 1871, consists of
seven hundred and thirty-eight members.
Pass on to Prussia. The upper Chamber of
the Parliament of Prussia has two hundred
and sixty seven members; the lower Chamber
has four hundred and sixty-two. Now, we all
know that Prussia is a country where no rule
of administration or of constitution is adopted
lightly, and everything is considered, if I may
so express myself, in the light of science.
Pass to Austria, under the recent organiza-
tion. You are aware that there are two dif-
ferent Parliaments now in Austria: one for
what is called the cis-Leithan territories,
territories this side of the river Leith ; the
other, trans Leithan, being those 011 the other
side, constituting Hungary. Beginning with
those on this side of the river Leith, the upper
House consists of one hundred and fifty mem-
bers—observe it is twice as large as our Senate.
The lower House consists of two hundred and
three members—smaller than our House of
Representatives. But now pass to the other
side of the river and look at the Hungarian
Parliament. There the upper House contains
two hundred and sixty-six members, and the
lower House, or Chamber of Deputies, as it is
called, four hundred and thirty-eight.
Pass to Italy, a country organized under a
new constitution in the light of European and
American experience, liberal, and with a dis-
position to found their institutions on the basis
of-seience. The Senate of Italy contains two
hundred and seventy members, the Chamber
of Deputies five hundred and eight.
Then pass to Spain. There the Cortes con-
tains four hundred members.
So that yon will find in all these countries,
Great Britain, France, Prussia, Hungary, and
Spam, that the number adopted for the lower
House is much larger than any now proposed
for our House of Representatives.
I call attention to this fact because it illustrates
the question by the example of other nations.
At any rale it shows that other nations are
notdeterredby anything in politicalexperience
from having a House with these large numbers ;
and this perhaps is of more value because
writers in Europe, political philosophers for
successive generations, have warned against
large bodies. We have the famous saying of
the Cardinal De Retz that any body of men
above a hundred is a mob, and that saying,
coming from so famous a statesman and wit,
has passed into a proverb, doubtless affecting
the judgment of many minds ; and yet in the
face of this testimony, we find that the actual
praciical example of Europe is the other way.
The popular brauch in all these considerable
countries is much more numerous than it is
now proposed to make our House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont: I desire to
ask the distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts whether he, with his record, can vote to
ignore the fourteenth amendment, as the House
bill obviously does?
Mr. SUMNER. I have said nothing on that
head.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
have the Senator say something upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. The question now before
the Senate, and on which we are to vote, is
between the smaller number and the larger,
and what 1 have said, the Senator is aware,
was addressed specially to that point.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And that
question decides the other.
Mr. SUMNER. Does it decide the other?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. How does it decide the
other question ? If the Senator will put his
proposition on the other question in the form
of a motion I certainly shall consider it most
carefully before I vote against, it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator who
reported this bill told us that it made no dif-
ference whether those excluded by the four-
teenth amendment were counted or not; or
perhaps it was my colleague who stated it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to ihe Sen-
ator from Ohio that it makes no difference at
all on the basis of two hundred and forty-three
members, and I am not aware that it makes
any on that of two hundred and eighty-three.
I have made a calculation on two hundred and
eighty-three, the House bill, without taking
into consideration Ihe fourteenth amendment
