1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
246X
the exception of tobacco, manufactured in
England, in France, in Germany, and in the
eastern States. Now, Australia has something
to buy this merchandise with. What is it'/
Her gold and her wool and her grain and her
herds of cattle are centered at the London
market, and are there for exchange entirely.
Now, let them send to buy the manufactured
articles which they want; let them go to the
markets of the world to buy their boots and
shoes; they buy them where they can buy
them cheapest.
Let them go into the markets of the world
to buy their hardware. They buy it where
they can buy it cheapest. So long as our peo-
ple refuse to restore specie payments, so long
as the prices of these articles remain higher in
this country than they are in foreign countries,
so long will the people of Australia seek other
markets for their supplies. It is an exchange
not of wool for wool, not of flour for flour, but
of these and other products sent to the best
market in the world, and on that market as a
center they draw for their purchases, which
are made wherever they can buy them cheapest.
I tail in this aspect of commercial relations
to see the importance of this bill to this Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, as has been
stated, this bill was before the Committee on
Commerce at the last session, and there was
also a bill of the same nature before the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads. The
Committee on Commerce, I believe, relin-
quished that bill to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads; but the examination
of the question, I think, as I had it princi-
pally in charge in the Committee on Com-
merce, demonstrated to me that there was a
trade which could be nurtured and built up
with Australia. It has been stated by the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce that
that trade amounted to a very small sum dur-
ing the year 1870, or for eight months of that
year. That was two years ago. Since then
this line has been established; these ships
have been put upon this route, and as I un-
derstood from the Senator from Minnesota
the duties received for the first year after the
establishment of this line amounted to about
one million dollars. That tells a very differ-
ent tale as to the commerce between the Aus-
tralasian colonies and this country.
I know from my own experience and the
experience of our people that this trade is of
importance to our country, not only to Cali-
fornia but to Oregon and the entire Pacific
coast. We ought not to forget that there is a
portion of our country aside from the Atlantic.
The trade upon the Atlantic is monopolized
by foreign capitalists. They have already es-
tablished their lines of steamers by subsidizing
them. The English Government have estab-
lished a line so firmly that it is almost impos-
sible now for our American commerce to
compete with it. Germany has also established
a line between New York and the German
ports. France has followed in the same wake.
All have established these lines with large sub-
sidies, and it is impossible lor us to establish
lines of commerce upon the Atlantic now in
competition with these large subsidized lines
which have accumulated capital for a number
of years, the profits of which I am informed
amount to about twenty per cent, upon the
capital invested.
Under this statement of facts of course the
Senator from Vermont cannot expect to estab-
lish commerce upon the Atlantic without
giving large subsidies to our lines, perhaps a
larger subsidy, even, than those which the
English Government and the French and Ger-
man Governments have given to establish
theirs. But notwithstanding that, I am in
favor of establishing commerce across the
Atlantic, and because I am from the Pacific
I am certainly not opposed to the establish-
ment of an American line across the Atlantic,
if it can be feasibly done, and I am willing to
try the experiment. Bat while we are in favor
of that, it seems to me that we ought not to
lose sight of the advantages that open to us a
large trade between the Australian colonies
and the western coast of our country.
This trade is opened up to us. We have a
line of steamers superior to the line of steam-
ers established by the English capitalists.
The latter were very inferior. Mr. Webb placed
his superior ships upon this line, and I believe
he is now taking the entire trade. The Eng-
lish vessels have been withdrawn from the
trade, I understand, and the commerce is
entirely in our bands. The English are now
applying for a subsidy to their line to enable
it to keep up. If Mr. Webb succeeds in
obtaining a subsidy from the United States
for his line of steamers, he will be enabled to
maintain them. If we do not give a suitable
subsidy, the probability is that this line will
have to be withdrawn. I understand that, he
has lost money from the commencement of the
business up to the present time, but he has
continued his vessels in this service with the
hope and expectation that the Government of
the United States would give to the line a
suitable subsidy, and we have encouraged him
to a considerable extent in the belief that that
would be the case. But we failed at the last
session of Congress to extend a subsidy to this
line of steamers. Mr. Webb had encourage-
ment from the Australasian colonies that he
would receive a subsidy from them provided
that he would put upon the line his steamers.
He placed the steamers upon the line, but I
think they have failed to extend any subsidy
as yet; at least, if they have, it is to a very
small amount.
It is said, Mr. President, that there are no
products of this country to be exported to
Australia and the intermediate islands. Sir,
we have established a trade, and there has been
sustained a line of vessels between the Sand-
wich Islands and California, and there is now
established a line of sailing vessels between
those islands and Oregon. They have been
maintained, and since the establishment of this
steamship line that trade has very much in-
creased. Added to that we have the other
islands at which these steamers touch between
the Sandwich Islands and Australia. With
the commerce of the Sandwich Islands and the
Australasian colonies we can make up a very
extensive trade. We must not forget that our
western coast is some seventeen days nearer to
Australia than the great manufacturing coun-
tries, England and Germany. The route by
the Red sea takes some ten days longer to
traverse than it does by the way of California.
Add to the ten days the time on the Pacific
road between New York and San Francisco,
seven days, and it makes some seventeen days
nearer in time. Those who are out of goods
in that country will seek the nearest market,
the market where they can soonest replenish
their stocks, and that market is our Pacific
coast. The Pacific coast opens up a market
for all the products manufactured in the east-
ern States. They are shipped there at their
leisure around the Horn or across the Isthmus,
or by the Pacific railroad, as may be cheapest,
and they are held there in stocks ready to be
shipped to any market that offers a favorable
bid for those products.
If large stocks of goods are kept upon the
Pacific coast in California these colonists will
seek that market, they will go there because
they can obtain their stocks sooner, the differ-
ence being seventeen days one way and seven-
teen days back, making a saving of some thirty-
four days. Consequently every one must see
the importance of the establishment of this
line and the great advantage it gives to the
western coast for the supplying of this trade.
If the trade is supplied by the western coast,
it will be to the advantage of the East, for the
East supplies the West with many of the man-
ufactured articles sold there. We, it is true,
manufacture some on the western coast and
we are increasing in manufactures; but during
the past few years the amount of commerce
and articles shipped to Australia for which we
had no market before is surprising.
In my own State upon the Columbia river
the one article of salmon is put up, packed,
and shipped to that country to a very large
amount. I think one packer put up some
seven thousand barrels during the past year,
and that is the principal maiket, the New
York market failing, and he has been ship-
ping constantly by these steamers this pro-
duct to Australia and finds a fine market for
it. This is only one instance. There are
large canneries preserving these fish, putting
them up in tin, and shipping them to Austra-
lia. I believe there are 110 salmon in that
country. This opens up a very large and ex-
tensive trade which is m its infancy. I have
no doubt that this one article would bring
back to this country the entire amount of sub-
sidy paid to this company, in less than two
years.
What do we export to Australia? We ex-
port grain, it is said, to some extent when they
are short of it; we export fish, lumber, wine,
agricultural implements, manufactured goods
which are manufactured not only upon the
Pacific but upon the Atlantic, and whose
storehouse is upon the Pacific coast, hardware,
boots and shoes, tobacco. Every one knows
that the manufacture of boots and shoes is
superior in this country and that they can be
supplied cheaper to that country, and partic-
ularly to the mining community that have
gone from California to Australia, whose
numbers are not very limited. They prefer
the American manufactured article; they pre-
fer the American shovel, they prefer American
cutlery, and everything that is American.
Everything that is manufactured in this coun-
try that is brought to their notice, and that
they have tried in California, takes their
preference in Australia.
It is said that we are rowing up stream in
establishing this commerce. It is no more
rowing up stream than we would have to do to
establish a commerce upon the Atlantic, for
upon the Pacific we have a line existing now,
which, if sustained, will build up the commerce
of the Pacific and maintain it. Why not take
advantage of this opportunity ? If we allow
this gentleman with his line of steamers to be
run off by English or other foreign capitalists
who may obtain subsidies from their Govern-
ments, we lose this trade inevitably, and it will
be as difficult to establish a trade between those
colonies and our western coast as it is now
between our Atlantic coast and Europe. W e all
know and believe that if Congress and our
Government had sustained the lines of ships
between here and Europe we might have had
at this time those lines in that trade, but Con-
gress failed when the Collins line was once
established to vote the- additional subsidy,
whereas England, when appealed to, voted the
additional subsidyand sustamedhercommerce,
while we allowed ours to languish and to die.
Now, the question is whether, when the
same contest is about to be inaugurated upon
the Pacific, our Government will sustain our
commerce upon the Pacific that it has an op-
portunity now to build up, or whether we will
give that commerce to foreign companies. _ I
hope that we shall vote this subsidy and give
adequate protection to American commerce.
Allusion has been made to the fact that this
bill only provided for a subsidy of $300,000
at the last session of Congress. That was m
addition to the amount now paid between San
Francisco and the Sandwich Islands. Ihis is
for the entire service, as I understand, be-
tween San Francisco and Australia, including
the service with the Sandwich Islands. That
makes the difference between the bill of last
year and the bill now presented to the Senate.
I hope and trust that the Senate will adopt
this bill, and that, they will give the additional
aid to this company.
