1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3863
House in presenting this subject at any time ;
and my objection to this conference report is
that this proposition was not abandoned with
the Morrill amendment. Then if there is
really a sum of money due to any portion of
our citizens for lawful claims, the subject may
be presented to the Committee on Claims, or
in some other form, in such a way that the
Senate may have action upon it. It strikes
me, however, as the controversy between the
two Houses is on this amendment, that the
better way would be for the Senate, unless the
body is so thin now that they cannot act upon
it, to non-concur in this report and then recede
from the Morrill amendment, and that ends
the controversy, because if the Senate recede
from the Morrill amendment, the House
amendment to that amendment falls with it,
and then the whole matter is disposed of with-
out entering into this, as I think, dangerous
legislation. I therefore felt bound to make this
statement, and to give the reasons why I could
not concur in this report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to ascertain how the Senator from Indi-
an^ yielded to the report,whether it was by
unanimous consent to be superseded if it was
not finished before fifteen minutes to five
o'clock.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If this matter is
not concluded then, the Chair will call up the
enforcement bill at that time.
Mr. COLE. It w^l be remembered that
the House rejected the Morrill amendment
and substituted for it an amendment to which
the Senate probably would not acquiesce.
That, was modified by the committee in four
particulars. In the first place, it was restricted
to cotton seized in violation of law ; the tak-
ing of cases from the Court of Claims and
presenting them to the Department was pro-
hibited ; the time for the presentation of these
claims to the Department was limited to six
months after the passage of the law ; and an
appropriation was provided for the use of the
Secretary of the Treasury, to be used as he
sees fit, to resist claims of that kind.
These amendments I can properly state
were prepared by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and I hold in my hand a long letter from
that officer on this subject which I should like
very much to have read if there was time, but
I rather think there is not, as itis quite lengthy.
In this letter he states that the amount that
will probably be paid under this amendment,
as modified by himself, would be not to exceed
$•500,000, and that is the amount that is prob-
ably involved in the amendment. The sub-
ject has been before the conference committee
a long time, and it will be inferred that there
has been a good deal of effort on the part of the
committee to reach some conclusion in regard
to it. We submit this report for the purpose
of taking the judgment of the Senate on the
question. If the judgment of the Senate is
that this ought not to be accepted, of course
the Senate branch of the conference commit-
tee without any hesitation will at once accept
that, as the instruction of the Senate on the
subject. I thought it due to the Senate to
state so much as I have with regard to the
action of the Secretary of the Treasury upon
it, the proposition being satisfactory to that
officer, who will have the administering of
that part of the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to ask a question
as to the effect of a vote of the Senate non-
concuring in the report of the committee of
conference. The papet-s being here, the bill
and the amendments of the House being before
us, itis perfectly in order, as I understand, to
recede from the sixty-fourth or Morrill amend-
ment, which carries with it this disputed propo-
sition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be in
order to recede from the Morrill amendment,
so called, if it had not been amended by the
House; but having, arrived at that stage, if the
Senate disagree to the amendment they will
have to ask a new conference, or ask the House
to recede themselves.
Mr. SHERMAN. There will be no diffi-
culty, then, because the Senate can recede from
this amendment, and that drops this disputed
question out of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If this report
were disagreed to, it could be recommitted to
the same conference committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The purpose was to pre-
sent tiistinclly to the Senate whether they de-
sired the conference to add this new item to the
appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would be a
test-vote on this question.
Mr. BOREMAN. I simply rise to ask the
Senator presenting this report whether the
Morrill amendment was agreed to by the con-
ference ?
Mr. COLE. No; that was stricken out by
the House; that is to say, they disagreed to
that amendment, and proposed a substitute
for it which probably is pretty well understood
on the part of the Senate. I have it here. It
is as follows :
That the Secretary of the Treasury bo, and lie is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to the law-
ful owners, or their legal representatives, of all cot-
ton seized after the 30th day of June, 1805, by the
agents of the Government, the not proceeds, without
interest, of the sales of such cotton actually paid into
the Treasury of the United States: Provided, That
the receipt thereof shall bo taken and received in
full satisfaction of all claims against the United
States for or on account of the seizure of such cot-
ton ; and a sufficientsum for suchpayraent is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated; and tho Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to prescribe rules and
regulations for the ascertainment of all necessary
facts for the execution thereof.
Mr. BOREMAN. And that is all there is
on the subject?
Mr. COLE. No, sir; that has been mod-
ified by the conference committee by adding
several propositions. In the first place, we
insert the words "seized unlawfully and in
violation of the instructions of the Depart-
ment." Then we provide that, no claims shall
be taken from the Court of Claims and pre-
sented to the Department for payment. We
further provide that all claims that are to be
paid under this provision shall be presented
within six months from the passage of the bill,
and then we provide a fund of $20,000 for the
use of the Secretary of the Treasury in defend-
ing claims of this kind in his Department.
Mr. BLAIR. I can see no propriety in vot-
ing down this conference report by reason of
the amendment made by the House of Repre-
sentatives. It is a plain and simple proposi-
tion to pay for cotton that was taken by the
Government unlawfully and the proceeds of
which have been in the possession of and used
by the Government for now nearly seven years,
and it pays no interest. I think the sense of
justice in the Senate will lead us to vote to
concur and not to vote down this conference
report. I shall vote for it because it is an act
of justice to people who have been wronged
clearly and unequivocally, as has been decided
by the Supreme Court of the United States in
a case which has gone before it. There is no
possible question that after the war ceased
it was illegal to take these people's property,
and I believe the Senate will do an act of jus-
tice and will do what is creditable to the Gov-
ernment in agreeing to this conference report.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will allow me, I wish to state one fact
only that-1 omitted ; that is, that if there was
any claim of this kind which could properly
be paid by the Government of the United
States, there was from the time of the unlaw-
ful seizure up to August 1868, a period ot'over
two years, during which these claimants might
have presented their claims to the Treasury
Department and been paid. In August, 1868,
after a long debatej which was participated m
by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
and the Senator from Maine (Mr. Fesseriden,)
this money was cariied imo the Treasury for"
the very purpose of putting an end to the pay-
ment of these claims, it being then believed
that all claims which could fairly be made out
against the cotton fund had .been submitted,,
and then by the action of Congress, after a full
debate, this money was carried to the surplus
fund. This is to reopen the door as to the
claims that arose out of seizures after July 1,
1805.
Mr. ALCORN. I do not propose 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that there are but two minutes of the
afternoon session now remaining.
Mr. COLE. I move that the time be ex-
tended to five o'clock. It ia an important
matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This must J>e
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me there
is no probability of getting through with this,
if it is going to be discussed, and -I object
myself to sitting here until five o'clock and
then meeting at half past seven.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to make an
inquiry. Will anything be in order to night
but bills from the Naval Committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Nothing but
bills from the Committee on Naval Affairs, by
the understanding of the Senate. The Sena-
tor from Nevada [Mr. Nvis] is to occupy the
chair duringthe evening session, and the Sen-
ate have instructed the Chair not to entertain
unanimous consent for anything but naval bills.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Alcorn]
has risen to debate thjs report, and ih^Chair
must call up the amendatory enforcement bill,
so as to leave it as unfinished business. The
Senate resumes the consideration of Senate
bill No. 791. The Jiour of four o'clock and
forty-five minutes having arrived, the Senate
now takes a recess until half past seven o'clock,
to consider at the evening session bills from
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
WIDOW OF ADMIRAL PAItttAGUT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye
in the chair.) The Senate has assigned this
evening for the consideration of business ori-
ginating in the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and no other business can be entertained by
the Chair.
Mr. CRAG1N. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. FrbungiwysenJ desires to call
up a bill which has been reported from the
Naval Committee, and as he is unwell and
wishes to leave, I have consented that he shall
do so at this time. It is understood that if
the bill occupies any time it will be with-
drawn.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 746, granting a pension to the
widow of the late Admiral Farragut, reported
bv the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill
will be considered as before the Senate if
there be no objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 746)
granting a pension to the widow of the late
Admital Farragtlt.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, to insert in fine
four the words "Virginia L." before the word
"Farragut," and in line six, after the words
"pay her, " to insert the words " from the in-
terest on -tli" Navy pension fund;" so that the
bill will read:
Bt, it cnavti-d, tfce.. That the Secretary of the In-
terior b<\ and iU hereby, authorized toj>lnce tho
name of Virginia L. Farragut, widow ol D. G^iar-
ragut, deceased, lato Admiral the United btates
Navy, on the pension-roll, and allow and pay uer
from the interest on the Navy pension fund a pen-
