1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
at all, but I have not calculated it taking that
into consideration. We did make the calcula-
tion on the number two hundred and forty-
three, and m that case it does not alter it at
all, and I have no reason to suppose that it
would alter it on two hundred and eighty-three.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask whether there is
any exclusion from the right to vote except in
Rhode Island and one other State, perhaps
Massachusetts?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are a few ex-
cluded in al! the, States.
Mr. POME ROY. 1 should like to know
who they are and why they are excluded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have the table before
me, I will state to the Senator from Ohio—I
stated it the other day, but I suppose [ did not
attract his attention—that the Secretary of the
Interior says that this report as to the exclu-
sion of persons from the right to vote under
the fourteenth amendment is not reliable ; that
he does not place much reliance upon it; that
there was no law passed to carry out the four-
teenth amendment in this respect, and he gave
instructions to the deputy marshals to ascertain
as well as they could, but ho does not think
their reports reliable. There are 43,329 per-
sons reported as disfranchised, who are male
citizens above twenty-one years of age, in all
the States of the Union—in Alabama, 690 ;
Arkansas, 198; Ohio, 2,551 
Mr. SHERMAN, Those were for idiocy
and lunacy, 1 presume.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not state for
"what, and we have no means of knowing. In
Kansas there ait: 1,223 reported. But this
information, as stated m an official letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, is so imperfect-
and so indefinite, that he places very little
reliance upon it. 1 can have the letter of the
Secretary read again, if it, is desired; but that
is the statement which he makes. The calcu-
lation was made on the basis of two hundred
and forty-three, and it made no difference
whether you took the fourteenth amendment
into consideration or not. J have not gone
through with a calculation to see whether it
would do so on the basis of two hundred and
eighty-three members ; but I have no reason to
suppose that it would.
Mr. MORRILL, of'Maine. 'Theproposition
of the Senate Committee on theJudiciary would
seem to be an etfort to keep the representation
of the House where it is. That may be prac-
ticable now ; of course it would be if the House
should concur; but it is apparent enough that
theie are popular tendencies in our instuutions
which will in the end carry the representation
of the other branch very much beyond what it
is now; and I am inclined to think that will
be in harmony with the true genius of our in-
stitutions. 'That branch of the Government is
thoroughly, in its make-up, popular. In order
to get a fair expression of what it, is, it ought
to represent very fully the popular sentiment
of the country. It cannot do it so well in any
way as by numbers. Of course there must be
a limit; but in order to have a full expression
and to realize what I think that branch of the
Government is in theory, it must in fact in the
end have a pretty large representation in the
House of Representatives. Xiierelore, 1 think
any effort on the part ot the Senate to restrain
it is not only a misconception, but in the end
would be overruled; and I am disposed, acting
in harmony with what I believe to be the gen-
eral genius of our institutions, so to speak, to
defer somewhat to what the Representatives
themselves feel is the necessity to give expres-
sion to that popular sense. So I shall find it
most agreeaole to myself to vote for the bill
as it came from the House. I believe I have
onco voted fur a larger number, but that is
entirely in harmony with what I have said
about the popular character of that branch of
the Government. I shall therefore vote to
sustain the bill as it came from the House as
against the Senate proposition.
Mr, COLE, Tbi§ seems to me to be a mat-
ter of considerably more importance than
would at first appear upon a casual view. For
myself, I am in favor of the amendment of the
Judiciary Committee, believing as I do that
the House of Representatives is made up of a
large enough number at present. The practices
of other Governments in this respect should
not, it appears to me, control us in anv degree
in our action at this time. It is well known
that in the legislative bodies of Europe busi-
ness is transacted in a different manner from
what it is here. In the House of Commons
of Great Britain, for example, a division is
very rarely called for. It is a very common
thing in the House of Representatives of the
United States to call for the yeas and nays;
and a great deal of time is consumed in calling
the yeas and nays in that body.
But a disposition appears to be manifested
on the part of some Senators to defer to the
judgment of the House in regard to its num-
ber. I do not think we are called upon to
defer to them absolutely. We are interested
in this matter, certainly to the extent of ex-
pediting business in Congress, and the larger
the body at the other end of the Capitol the
more difficulty there will be in transacting
business under our rules.
It is presumable from the form in which the
bill comes to us that the House desire this
number of two hundred and eighty-three, but
it is not to be concluded absolutely that such
is the case. We know that propositions very
often come from that House with the expecta-
tion that the Senate will correct them. We
know that propositions even creep into ap-
propriation bills there, which they absolutely
rely upon the Senate to correct, where the
House does not agree to the proposition as it
is sent to us, by the expression of the will of a
majority. A proposition is frequently allowed
to go through there under the importunity of
a few members of that body, reliance being
had upon the Senate to correct the error, or
mistake, or wrong in the bill as it comes to us.
I am convinced that under the rules of that
body, which are likely to continue for Con-
gresses to come, the House as now constituted
is large enough for the convenient transaction
of business, and I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Mr. POMEROY. With regard to the re-
port of the Commissioner of the Census in
reference to my own State, I have looked at it
and I find a large number represented there as
disqualified as if they came under the four-
teenth amendment, as if the disqualification
was something provided for in the fourteenth
amendment. 1 apprehend that is not so at
all. In their instructions, the deputy mar-
shals were required to ascertain in taking the
census, of a male citizen over the age of twen-
ty-one years, whether he was disqualified to
vote. They construed that to mean whether
he was a qualified voter; and if he had not
been there a year, if he was what we call in
the West a "new-comer" and had not been
a resident of the State a year or six months,
as the case might, be, he could not vote, and
so they put him down as disqualified. The
large number reported as disqualified in my
State. I apprehend, grows out of the fact that
in taking the census and making an enumera-
tion of those citizens who had lately arrived in
the State, they were put down as disqualified
because they could not vote under our consti-
tution, had not been there long enough to do so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you mean to say that
there are no constitutional disqualifications in
your State?
Mr. POMEROY. I think only as it relates
to those who are in the insane asylum or who
have been convicted of some infamous crime.
There is a disqualification of that kind, but
the number is very limited.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If they are disqualified
for crime, they are not within the fourteenth
amendment.
Mr, POMEROY. And they are not, as the
Senator says, with the exception of one class,
within the disabilities of the fourteenth amend-
ment. But be that as it may, the number is
very small. There were twenty-seven, 1 thmk,
at the asylum at the last report. I saw noth-
ing like the number of twelve hundred, reported
by the Commissioner of the Census in this
table.
The objection of the Senator from California,
that it will retard public business in the House of
Representatives to have a large number there,
may be a good consideration or it may not. If
the House of Representatives desire, to relieve
themselves of the delay in calling the yeas and
nays, they can vote in five minutes, if they
choose to do so, and take the yeas and nays
substantially by electricity. A machine has
already been invented to accommodate the
House of Representatives in that respect, to
take the sense of the House by yeas and nays
and have them computed in five minutes. If
it is necessary to discharge the public business,
they can discharge it better than they do now
by simply taking the sense of the House in
that way, and I do not know that there is any
provision in the Constitution or any law against
taking it in that way. So we can get along if
the liouse choose to adopt that system and
conduct the public business and run the num-
ber up to three hundred or five hundred. I
shall content myself with voting the number
that the House of Representatives themselves
wanted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on the Judiciary, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FENTON. As my pair with the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire [Mr. Crabin] did
not embrace this question, I take the liberty
of voting "nay."
The result was announced—yeas 20, nays
34; as follows :
AS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cole, Davis of
Kontucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Johnston,
Kelly, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Patterson,
Saulsbury, Stevenson, Stockton, Thunnan, Tipton,
and Trumbull—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Amos, Anthony, Blair, Boreman,
Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton. Conkling,
Fenton, Ferry of Michigan. Frelingliuy.sen, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, llarian. Howe, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Poracroy, Ramsey,
Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman.
Sprittfuci, Sumner, West, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—34.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Carpentei, Cooper, Corbett, Cragm, Ferry of
Connecticut, Flanagan, Hitchcock, Lotcan. Morton,
Nyo, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Spencor, Stewart, and
Vie Iters—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senate having by a
very decided majority uetermmed that it will
not restrain the House of Representatives to
the number now in that House, I wish merely
to say for myself that I see no use in experi-
menting by proposing other numbers tban the
number fixed in the House bill. Every num-
ber requires a calculation. Wherever you
change the division, you must have a new cal-
culation and a consideration of the fractions—
a labor that requires time and care. Any
proposition made to change the number now
of the House bill involves an inquiry, what will
bo its effect? lean say to the Senate, fiom
having studied a great deal upon this bill, that
you cannot understand the effect of an amend-
ment fixing the number until you have ciphered
it all out and seen it in tabular iorm before
you. While I think the Senate committee's
amendment was better in every respect than
the House bill, that it produced a much fairer
apportionment, was much nearer to the Con-
stitution, and kept the membership of the
House at a better number than two hundred
and eighty-three, yet as the Senate is in favor
of a higher number than at present, I for one
see no necessity for amending the bill as it
came from the House in respect to the num-
ber of the House at all. I therefore, so far as
