676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
I am concerned as at present advised, shall
vote against any amendment to section one of
the bill of the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The Chief Clekk. The next amendment
of the Committee on the Judiciary is in sec-
tion three, line two, to strike out "1876"
and insert "1872;" and in the fifth line to
strike out "forty fifth" and insert " forty-
third j" so that the section will read:
Sec. 3. That the Tuesday next afterthe first Mon-
day in November, in the year is l^ereby fixed
and established as tbeday, in each of the States and
Territories of the United States, for the election of
Representatives and Delegates to the Forty-Third
Congress; and the Tuesday next after the first Mon-
day m November, m every second year thereafter,
is hereby fixed and established as the day for the
election, in each of said States and Territories, of
Representatives and Delegates to theCongress com-
mencing on the 4th day of March next thereafter.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as I am individ-
ually concerned, 1 stated my objections to this
amendment the other day; but the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] who has been
called away, left word for me fo call the atten-
tion of the Senate again to the inconvenience
this amendment would cause the people of
Indiana. As I understood him, they cannot
conveniently pass a law for the election of
Representatives in November, the time of the
Presidential election, without convening the
legislature, and practical difficulties of a seri-
ous character are in the way of convening
the Legislature for that purpose. Now, as no
great good will result from this amendment,
as nothing but a theoretical good can result
from it, is it not better to take the proposition
of the House, and postpone the operation of
this change until 187G, and by that time the
people of every State will have conformed
their constitutions to this law?
In some of the States, I do not know how
many, this amendment will require a special
election for members of Congress a few weeks
after the general election for Slate officers.
There is no time befoie Ihe 1st of November
next for the Slates to change their constitu-
tions or laws. No special act could be pro-
vided to carry this provision into effect in any
State without convening the Legislature. I
am quite sure that this would work consider-
able inconvenience in the Slate of Ohio. Our
people have always been in the habit of elect-
ing members of Congress at the time of the
State election in October. It is part of the
habit of the State ever since its foundation as
a State.
I think myself that it is wise to make all the
fall elections occur at the same lime, and 1
have no doubt the people of Ohio will this
year or next year, when the constitutional con-
vention convenes, fix the same tune for the
election of Federal ofliceis and State officers,
thus saving the people the expense of two
elections; but it would be inconvenient now,
before the meeting of the constitutional conven-
tion, lo have a change of the time of the elec-
tion of members of Congress, although in Ohio
it will be less inconvenient than in Indiana.
1 am told that, in one State, Texas, there is
no means by which the Legislature can be
convened. The Legislature has adjourned
sine die. They are only elected once in two
years, and they cannot be convened.
Why adopt an amendment which will only
create embarrassment, without doing anything
to the theoretical good, or rather bringing a
theoretical advantage four years in advance
of the time fixed by the House of Represent-
atives '( I hope this amendment 'will not be
adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I think
the same day should be fixed throughout the
country for the election of members of Con-
gress. But while I think that is important,
and I should be glad to have it adopted at
once, I certainly do not wish to adopt an
amendment here that is going to inconven-
ience the States. This amendment which the
committee have recommended, to fix the con-
gressional election next fall in all the States
on the same day, I believe is desirable; but
whether it is best to adopt it for this year
under the circumstances suggested is a ques-
tion for the Senate to determine. 1 think it
is understood. For my own part, left free to
act without the action of the committee, I do
not think I would myself insist upon striking
out 1870 and inserting 1872, but I do not see
why we might not insert 1874.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator from
Indiana also informed me—the Chair will know
how that is—that under the constitution of the
State of Indiana it requires the successive
action of two Legislatures to change the consti-
tution. That is lo say, a resolution for a con-
vention must pass one Legislature and go over
to another, and then again have an affirmative
vote in the second Legislature, before a con-
vention can be called, so that a considerable
time would be required to change the State
constitution. I am quite sure that is the pro-
vision of some of the States ; and that was the
reason given in the House of Representatives,
as 1 am informed, why this change was post-
poned for four years so as to give every State
ample time, according to the provisions of its
Constitution, to change its law to correspond
with this section.
Mr. THURMAN. There is no necessity to
change the constitution of Indiana or the con-
stitution of any State in order to hold the
election on the day named in this amendment;
and that for the simple reason that Congress
has by the Federal Constitution the power to
fix the time of holding the eleciion of members
of the House of' Representatives, and when it
docs fix the time that is the paramount law of
the land ; and all that any State Legislature has
to do, if indeed that be necessary in any State,
is to pass an act, which can be passed in ten
lines or less, saying that alliawsrelatmgto the
election of members of Congress in force in
that Stale shall apply to the election when
held on the day named in the act of Congress.
It requires no change of the Constitution;
it requires no intricate legislation ; it only
requires the passage of an act of ten lines;
and in most of the States it does not require
even that, because the election laws are gen-
eral, applying to all elections without reference
to the days on which they are held.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say that while
my colleague is technically correct in his state-
ment, yet practically he is very incorrect, be-
cause the Constitution ofthe States of Ohio and
Indiana, and many of the western States, fixes
the time lor ihe election of State officers on
the second Tuesday of October, and this would
compel llie election uf members of Congress
three weeks after that, thus putting the people
of the State to the expense of a double elec-
tion ihe same fall. It is to avoid that incon-
venience that I think the States ought to be
allowed to change their constitutions, and to
conform their State election laws to this law.
Mr. .THURMAN. That is not tho case in
the year 1872 atall. This amendment creates
no additional election. The people vote in
October for their State officers, and they vote
for President in November, and it is only to
transfer the election of members of the House
of Representatives from the State election in
October to the Federal election, where it prop-
erly belongs, in November; and before 1874,
when the next subsequent election will take
place for members of Congress, every State
can, if it see fit, change its constitution or
change its laws.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not hear the objec-
tion stated to this amendment which will con-
trol my vote. It is very true that the power in
the Constitution to fix the time is undoubted.
The only question with me is whether it is
wise to fix it in the manner proposed by the
Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate. I
think it is not, It is very true, as the Senator
from Ohio says, that a law in five lines can
order an election for members of Congress in
November. It is also true, however, that in
all States where members of Congress are now
elected on the day of the annual election for
State officers the people would be obliged to
hold an additional election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is answered by
the suggestion that all the States have to have
an election for President on the day this fixes.
The State of Maine this year votes on the
very day fixed here for presidential electors.
You have the two elections, at any rate.
Mr. HAMLIN. The objection may not apply
to the present year, but in two subsequent
years it would apply precisely as 1 make the
objection now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not the time sufficient?
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] suggests that there is not time,
owing to the mode prescribed for amending
the State constitution in Indiana. I regret
that Congress should deem it wise to fix the
day of election in November; but that is a
question which I do not propose to discuss
now. It will be the most inconvenient period
of the year for the State which I in part repre-
sent, probably, of any time that could be desig-
nated; but still that is a question which I do
not propose now to discuss, nor do I wish to
interpose any objection to a time that is satis-
factory to Congress. But it seems to me that
the time should not be made for the coming
election, but let it stand for the year named in
the bill ofthe House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thoky in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Committee on the Judiciary
to the third section of the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary will be read.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add to the third section the following proviso:
Provided, That in any State in which by law the
polis are held open more than one day for the elec-
tion of State officers the polls for the election of
members of Congress in such State in A. D. 1872
shall be held open for the same length of time,
beginning on the day above specified in this section.
Mr. FRELINGilUYSEN. Before the vote
is taken, so as to make it harmonize, I suggest
that " 1872 " should be changed to " 1876," or
else omit the proviso altogether.
Mr, TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
Jersey remembers the reason that was inserted,
I presume. It came to the knowledge of the
committee that in some ofthe States, particu-
larly in Texas, I think, the election was held
for several days.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Four days.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And that their law only
provides for holding elections at the county
seat. It was stated to the committee that it
would be impracticable for all the voters of the
county to go to the county seat and vote on
one day, and hence it would be better to allow
as many days for the election of members of
• Congress as for State officers. I think myself
it is a very bad arrangement to be voting sev-
eral days; all the voting should be on one
day; but we do not control that; and inas-
much as in some of the States they vote for
several days and have but one place for voting
in a county, it was suggested that we ought to
extend the time of voting for members of
Congress as long as it is extended for voting
for other officers. I do not know now, how-
ever, that there will be any particular neces-
sity for this amendment, the other amendment
to this section not having been agreed to.
There is no provision confining the election
of members of Congress to a single day until
1870, and there will be time enough for these
States to conform their legislation to the law,
which will take effect in 1876. 1 am not sure
now that this amendment is necessary at all.
I rather think it is not. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thurhai«'] had information on that
