624
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June
Senate.
Senator from Kansas—Report.
.42d Cong.... 2d Sess.
Reynolds and Milton W. Reynolds in reference to
the position of the State Journal toward the Repub-
lican party; that George A. Reynolds informed him,
and he also understood from Milton W. Reynolds,
that he was one of the chief owners of the State
Journal; that the said George A. Reynolds informed
deponent that he exorcised a controlling influence
over the columns of the paper, and had furnished a
greater part of the capital for the purchase; that
both of these men complained that they found it
very hard to sustain their paper from the subscrip-
tions and advertisements, and claimed that they
ought to receive some support from the Republican
party; that, after consultation with Senator Pome-
rot, an arrangement was finally made, and agreed
to by George A. Reynolds and Milton W. Reynolds,
that they would support in the columns of the State
Journal the Republican party, its principles and
candidates, at the fall election of 18r>6; that it was
in consequence of this agreement, and for no other
reason, that the notes were given; and the deponent
does not remember whether they were given at
his own room or at Senator Pomerot's house;
that he heard no more about this matter until after
the meeting of the Republican State convention tor
that year, held at To'peka, Kansas, about the 1st of
September; that at that convention S. J. Crawford
was nominated for Governor and the deponent for
Congress, with a full Republican State ticket; that
on my return to Lawrence, I think on the following
evening, George A. Reynolds and Milton W. Rey-
nolds called at toy residence on Tennessee street at
a late hour in the evening, and desired to have acon-
versation with me in reference to the course of the
State Journal; that they stated to me that, in con-
sideration of the fact that George A. Reynolds held
the office of Seminole Indian agent, it would be more
for their interest to sustain Mr. Johnson's adminis-
tration, and secure the patronage and emoluments
to the Indian agency, and perhaps other emoluments,
than to support the Republican ticket; that they
stated that it became necessary to decide this ques-
tion before the issue of the next daily edition of the
State Journal on tho following morning, and they
thought it vvould not be honorable to break the en-
gagement with my self and Senator Pomkroy without
notifying me of the faot and consulting me in refer-
ence thereto. They stated to me that, inasmuch as
there could be no doubt about the election of the
Republican ticket, they supposed that myself and
Senator Pomkroy would be willing to discontinue
the arrangement heretofore made. Istatedto them
that while, of course, there was no doubt about the
election of the Republican ticket by a large ma-
jority, I would much prefer that the State Journal
would continue the support of the Republican party
and ticket; thatl believed the Administration of
Mr. Johnson meant mischief tp the country,-and
that while they might find it for their temporary pe-
cuniary benefit to sustain tho Administration, in the
long run they would not find it so, and that they
would be liable to the charge of being inconsistent,
vacillating, and mercenary.
Both ot tho Messrs. Reynolds argued that they
could not a fiord to relinquish the patronage of the
Seminole Indian agency, and that inasmuch as
there was already one Republican paper in Law-
rence—the Lawrence Tribune—and but few Demo-
cratic papers in the State, it was a better field for
the Journal to support tho Democratic ticket, and
it was intimated to mo that there were parties who
would make it for then pecuniary interest to do so,
to the extent at least of the amount of the notes
which had been given by myself and Senator Pome-
* roy; and tho conclusion of tho whole matter was,
that they informed me before they left that, tak-
ing all the circumstances into consideration, they
thought it host for them to support the Democratic
ticket. I lemarked in substance to them that, of
course, there doing? so would relieve Senator Pome-
roy and myself from all the obligations we were
undor; and to this intimation both George A. Rey-
nolds and Milton VV. Reynolds gave ther assent.
On the nomination of the Democratic ticket, the
State Journal placed the said ticket at the head of
its columns, and advocated its election, as the files
of the paper will show. I did not remember any-
thing more about this matter until I received a
notice from Messrs. Riggs, Nevison <fc Foote, attor-
neys of Milton W. Reynolds, calling upon me to pay
the notes, and informing me that unless I should do
so at an early day a suit would be brought against
me.
A short time after receiving this notice I met G. A.
Reynolds near the store of William E Sutliff & Co.,
on Massachusetts street, in the city of Lawrence,
when Isaid to him, " George. I leceived notice the
other day that you were going to sue those notes,"
and! said that if they did so, I would be obliged to
defend the suit; I proceeded to remind him of the
conversation which took place at rayhouso afterthe
Republican convention (which I have related) be-
tween myself and himself, and his brother, Milton
W. Reynolds. He said in reply, that be remembered
the conversation very distinctly, and that I was
right about it; that it must be a mistake on the part
of 'Milt.," and that he would see that it was cor-
rected so farasl was concerned. He said to me also
that the only object was to make Senator Pomeroy
pony up, but that so far as I was concerned he would
see to it that I had no further trouble about the
matter.
The notes were never presented to me, and never
protested, and no claims were ever made upon me
for their payment until I received the notice from
Messrs. Riggs, Nevison & Foote, informing me that
I would be sued unless I made the payment. As I
was absent from Lawrence for most of the time, and
as this matter had passed out of my mind until I got
the notice from theattorneys of Reynolds thatasuit
was to be brought agaiufct me, I not remember
that I oyer nJ&de jtpy request for tne surrender of
these notes. I considered the matter entirely settled
when the paper openly abandoned the Republican
party.
SIDNEY CLARKE.
District of Columbia, Washington comity, ss ^
I, Nicholas Callan, a notary public in and for the
county ar.d district aforesaid, do hereby certify that
Samuel C. Pomeroy and Sidney Clarke were by me
severally sworn to testify the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth, and that the depositions
by them, respectively subscribed as above set forth,
were reduced to writing by M. P. Callan, my clerk,
who is not interested in the suit, in my presence and
in the presence of the witnesses, respectively; and
were respectively subscribed by said witnesses in
my presence, and were taken at the time and place
specified in the annexed notice ; and that I am not
counsel, attorney, or relative of either party, or
otherwise interested in this suit.
[l. s.] N. CALLAN,
Notary Public,
State op Kansas, Douglas county, ss .♦
Milton W.Reynolds,plaintiff,©®.SamuelC.Pome-
roy and Sidnoy Clarke, defendants.
Depositions of sundry witnesses, taken before me,
George S. Hampton, a notary public in and for
Douglas county. State of Kansas, on the 7th day of
January, A. D. 1870, between the hours of eight
o'clock a. m. and six o'clock p. in., at the law office
of Aiken & Barker, in the city of Lawrence, in said
county, pursuant to the annexed notice, to be read
in evidence on behalf of the defendants.
By consent of the attorney? for the partios, the
taking of said depositions is adjourned until to-mor-
row morning at nine o'clock, a. m., to be continued
at the above mentioned place.
Pursuant to tho above adjournment, tho plaintiff
appeared by W. W. Nevison, his attorney, and the
defendants by Ilorton, Aiken & Barker, their attor-
neys, and the taking ofsaid depositions was contin-
ued as follows:
George A. Reynolds, of lawful ago, being by me
first duly examined, cautioned, and solemnly sworn,
deposeth and sayeth:
I reside in the city of Lawrence, State of Kansas
and know the parties to this suit.
In tho month of March, 1866, my home was in
Bourbon county, State of Kausas. I am the elder
brother of Milton W. Reynolds, the plaintiff to this
suit. I am the payee of the notes set up in plain-
tiff's petition to this suit. These notes were deliv-
ered to me in the city of Washington. I think they
were delivered to me the day they are dated.
My recollection is that they were delivered to me
in Mr. Clarke's room in the Metropolitan Hotel, or
at the house of Senator Pomeroy, on H street, in
the city of Washington. Upon reflection, I think
they were delivered at tho Senator's house. Mr.
Clarke. Mr. Pomeroy, and myself were present
when the notes weie executed and delivered. They
were executed and delivered immediately.
Mr. Pomeroy wrote the notes and they both signed
them. In March, 1866, Milton W. Reynolds was the
editor of the Stato Journal, a newspaper published
at Lawrcneo, Kansas, and had been for about one
year previous. He continued to be the editor and
publisher of that paper until about February, 18o9,
when it was merged in the Lawrence Republican.
Those notes were executed and delivered to me for
the purpose, as stated to me by Mr. Pomeroy, to aid
the Lawrence Journal.
There was other considerations forsaidnotes. The
considerations that M. Wl Reynolds was to give for
the notes was, that he should support Clarke and
Pomeroy for reelection; one for the House of Rep-
resentatives and the other for the Sonate. At this
timeS. C. Pomeroy was United States Senator for
Kansas. He was a candidate for reelection to that
£osition, and the election was to take place in the
egislature in the succeeding winter.
At this time Sidney Clarke was Representative in
Cougress from Kansas, and was a candidate for re-
olection at the fall election in 1866.
There was no other consideration that I know of
for the execution and delivery of these notes. There
was, perhaps, one or two interviews in reference to
this matter before the notes were given. M. W.
Reynolds was not in Washington at the time the
notes were given. I had no interest in the Journal
further than this; I furnished M. W. Reynolds
money to buy an interest in the paper when he
started it, and induced him to come out here. He
was engaged as an editor in Michigan on a salary.
The interest spokcn~bf was purchased in the name
of the plaintiff, and not in my name. I had no con-
trol over the Journal at the time the notes were
given, any more than one brother would have over
another. I received those notes for M. W. Rey-
nolds. After I received the notes I forwarded them
immediately by mail to my brother at Lawrenc". I
believed that I indorsed the notes to M. W. Rey-
nolds before I forwarded them t,o him.
There was no consideration paid to me by M. W.
Reynolds for the notes. They were taken by mo for
him, and they simply passed through my hands. I
$cted as hiU a#ent in Receiving the notes.
I donot know of my own knowledge, in reference
to the'p&yoatent of $250 on the hotes. The plaintiff
informed thflt $350 had been paid on the notes.
I had apo^versation with Mr. Clarke in the fall of
18b6, just Pr6vi6u9 to the election, in which I told
him that I thought he oeght to be released from any
obligation on t&e t\yo notes.
Question. State what was said by you in that con-
versation in rdfference to the plaintiff fulfilling the
agreement in reference to Mr. Clarke.
in?w«r. As near as I can remember the con-
versation now, I stated to Mr. Clarke that I though t
he ought not to be held to pay his* portion of the
notes, for the reason that the paper was about to
assume such a position that it could not be of any
help to him. The paper did assume such a position
that I thought it could not help him. At this time
M. W. Reyqolds was the sole editor of the Journal.
I have, since that conversation, stated the same
" thing, in substance, to Mr. Clarke.' The first con-
vention was in the fall, just before the election, and
after the first note became due. I 4"* not positive
that it was before the first note became due. I knew
James L. McDowell. He Was a candidate for Gov-
ernor ot Kansas in the fall of 1866. The ticket upon
, whic^i he fan was called either the Conservatiye or
Democratic ticket; I donot remember which. It
was in opposition to the Republican ticket. I think
the State Journal supported that fall James L. Mc-
Dowell for Governor and (Jharles W. Blair, of Port
Scott, for Congress. Blair ran on the Conservative
ticket, and against Mr. Clarke. The plaintiff sup-
ported $nd advocated the election of these candi-
dates through the State Journal.
Cross-examined:
It was the understanding that M. W. Reynolds, in
consideration of these notes, should support Clarke
and Pomeroy for reelection. This is -the under-
standing I had with Clarke and Pomeroy, after
quite a lengthy conversation had with ]\^r. Clarke
upon the subject of the proposed change ot the-posi-
tion of Journal above referred to. Mr. Clarke said,
"If the paper assumes the position talked of, I pre-
sume you will not hold ipe on the note for any por-
tion of it?" I replied, "Certainly not." He thea
turnedtomy brother, and said, "All right; go ahead,
Milt." The plaintiff supported McDowell for Gov-
ernor and Blair for Congress in the fall of 1866. These
were the candidates. He supported the opposition
ticket. M. W. Reynolds was the owner of tho notes
sued upon on the 31st of July, 1869. I believe I had
no interest in them, nor never had.
Redirect:
In the first conversation spoken of with Mr. Clarke
M. W. Reynolds, the plaintiff, was present. M. W.
Reynolds was the owner of the notes at the date
they were given. I expect to leave Lawrence about
the 15th of January, 1870, and expect to be absent
about three months. I am going to New York and
Washington.
The candidates, Q. L. McDowell and C. W. Blair,
I presume, were not all the candidates the plaintiff
supported on the opposition ticket in the fall ofl86«.
Question. State whether or notthe plaintiff, in the
conversation between you apd Mr. Clarke, at which
time the plainfiff was present, consented that, if
the paper assumed a different attitude, Mr. Clarke
should be released from his portion of the notes?
(Objected to by plaintiff.)
Answer. I do not think he did, in words. Butmy
understanding was that his views and mine were in
accord upon the subject.
_GEO. A. REYNOLDS.
I. George S. Hampton, a notary public in and for
Douglas county. State of Kansas, do hereby certily
that George A. Reynolds was by me first duly sworn
to testify the truth, the whole truth, and nothing
but the truth, and the deposition by him subscribed,
as above set forth, was reduced to writing by myself
in the presence of the witness, and was subscribed
by the said witness in my presence, and was taken
at the time and placed in the annexed notice speci-
fied ; that I am not counsel, attorney, or relative
of either party, or otherwise interested m the event
of this suit; and commenced at the time in the no-
tice specified and continued by adjournment from
day to day, as above stated.
In w.itness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
^nd seal notarial this 8th day of January. A. D. 1870.
[seal. j aB0.a«AMPX03T.
Notary Pubhc.
Washington, D. C.,
Tuesday, May 28, 1872.
Hon. S. C. Pomeroy sworn and examined.
By Mr. Logan :
Question. Are you the S. C. Pomeroy who
was a candidate for Senator in 1867 in the
Kansas Legislature ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. A Mr. Sharp was suggested by a
witness, Mr. Ross, as having probably received
money for voting for you. State what you
know in reference to that.
Answer. I know Mr. Sharp, or did know him
at that time. I have not seen him since. But
