2468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Mr. COLE. Mr. President. I am too well
aware of the great value of time to consume
much of it even upon a question of the vast
importance that this, in my judgment, pos-
sesses.
Mr. President, this is emphatically an age
of commerce. The nations of the world are
looking for the means of promoting commerce;
they are opening new channels for it, and com-
bining their interests in this direction in every
way possible. Withinthelastvery fewyears two
great lines of commerce have been opened to
the world, both of which were for an indefinite
number of centuries completely closed. I re-
fer to the line across the Isthmus of Suez as
one, and the other, that across our own con-
tinent by railroad. These two lines have
brought the United States and the nations of
western Europe in direct competition in ref-
erence to the commerce of the aneient East.
The commerce that will be reached by the
establishment of the line contemplated in this
bill ia a branch of commerce that is compara-
tively new in the world ; but it has been long
enough in existence to assume very great im-
portance. We have to look back only two or
three hundred years, Mr. President, to find
the time when the commerce with America
was almost nothing, when it did not amounttO
anything worth mentioning. It has at this
day grown up to bs immense. The commerce
of the south Pacific, though new. is in the
aggregate already very large and likely to
increase indefinitely. The commerce with
the British colonies in that part of the world
amounts, as I am informed and believe, to
something like three hundred and twelve mil-
lion dollars a year, and is still growing. But a
few years ago only little of that came to Amer-
ican ports. Thatia true. If the Senator from
Michigan had followed the statistics a little
further he would have found that that com-
merce, so far as it was controlled by the
American people, has vastly increased within
the last two or three years. If he had consid-
ered but a moment the fact of the opening of
the Pacific railroad he would have found the
secret of that change; and we see now by
opening this communication across our conti-
nent that we are. as it were, forcing the mother
country, Great Britain, and the other nations
of western liurope to communicate across our
own country with these eastern countries.
Great Britain is always wide awake to these
advantages. She is exceedingly vigilant and
active in reference to these matters, and itdid
not take her long to discover that when com-
munication con! i be made between her ports
of Liverpool and London and her colonies of
Sidney and Melbourne all the way by steam it
did not take her long to see that this was the
most speedy way of opening communication,
and she has been sending her mails by this
line ever since it has been running, tip to
the middle of December last the amount of
British mail tiiat had been sent between these
colonies and England, to and fro, amounted to
upward of one hundred and ninety-two thou-
sand pounds, and up to this time I presume
that, mail has amounted to over a quarter of a
million pounds.
This 1 cite as proof of the facilities that are
afforded over this line of communication be-
tween these colonies of Great Britain and the
mother country. This commerce is, as I said,
so rapidly growing, and the facilities for it are
so great, that we can presently command it all,
or nearly all, and that is what I am hopeful
the American people and their representatives
wiil be wise enough to do.
It is stated that the mail communication
between this country and that does not amount
to much. I have shown that the mail com-
munication between the mother country and
those colonies over our own continent is very
great; but^ while I am willing to concede
that the mail between the United States and
those portions of the world is at present small,
it is by uo means inconsiderable. I will con-
cede, too, that it is not expected that the pro-
ceeds of transporting the mails will reimburse
whatever sum the Government chooses to pay
for the carriage of those mails.
Why, Mr. President, that is not the policy
which governs us even in our inland mails.
You pay a large sum of money for carrying
the mails from the frontier of Texas into
Arizona and New Mexico ; you pay large
sums of money for carrying the mails from
Salt Lake to Oregon ; you pay large sums
of money for carrying the mails from different
points on the Pacific railroad to the settle-
ments north and south, to Montana and Idaho
and Dakota on the north, and south intoUtah,
Colorado, Arizona, and New Mexico; you pay
money many times the amount that is returned
in the way of postages to the Government.
But do you hesitate to carry those mails for
the reason that they do not return to the
Treasury the amount that it costs to carry
them? By no means. That is not the object
you have in view in sending the mails mto
those remote countries. You send them there
for the promotion of business and settlement,
and the encouragement of the industries of the
country. You expect to get your compensa-
tion back, not in postages, but in business, and
in the accumulated wealth there. So, sir, in
the transportation of the mails from your ports
to these countries in the South Pacific, you do
not expect to get your compensation in the
form of little petty postages, but you expect
to get it in the returns of commerce. Why,
sir, in commerce it often happens that a single
letter is worth a hundred or a thousand dollars
to the man who writes it. or to whom it is
sent. He who can first obtain information of
the wants of a particular country is the best
able to supply those wants, and he reaps the
advantage of that early information.
Now, look at the growth of commerce since
we have had this communication. It has beeu,
as I stated, immense, andit promises very much
more than is seen by persons who will not look
at the facts. But the business communities of
this country look at the facts. The Chambers of
Commerce and the Boards of Trade throughout
the country have realized the necessity of this
line, and they have been appealing to you by
their resolutions and by their memorials for
the last two or three years to afford them these
facilities for communication in order that they
may have the advantages of business which
otherwise will be reaped by those who are wise
enough as to establish speedy communication.
1 find here not, only the Chamber of Commerce
ol'San Francisco have memoralized Congress,
but the Legislature of California, and the Na-
tional Board of Trade that was held ajcar or
so ago in Buffalo also memorialized Congress
upon the subject. The railroad convention
that met at Chicago in 1870 also took these
steps. The railroad convention that met in
Philadelphia in 1871 also memorialized Con-
gress on this subject by passing resolutions,
and the Chamber of Commerce of New York
on November 6,1871, especially recommended
to Congress to aid this Australian line. Be-
sides that, you have had the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury repeatedly
given, and of the Postmaster General, and in
several annual messages of the President of
the United States yon have had the request
made of you to take action in this matter.
Why, sir, if we were sitting as a board of
trade, as men engaged in business rather than
in making laws, do you suppose there would
be any hesitation about affording this facility
for business when you have the assurance that
it will pay?
And now I wish to say, in reply to my friend
from Vermont, who says he wants something
that will afford compensation, that that is just
exactly what we are at. If he is of opinion
that this will not return several fold into your
Treasury, of course I would not ask him to
vote for it. I am of the opinion that it does
pay, that it will return into your Treasury
several fold the amount that you pay for the
transportation of these mails. I am satisfied
of it. I have not the least doubt about it.
It seems to be in the nature of a donation or
of a subsidy, but so far as the Government is
concerned it is also in the nature of an invest-
ment, and I would say to the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce and the chairman
of the Committee on Finance that it is so in
view of the facts that we obtain revenue from
customs to the amount of over two hundred
miliion dollars a.year in gold. Where do you
obtain this vast revenue? You get it, sir,
from commerce; y-ou get your share of it from
Australia, and you will get a large share of it
from there in a little while if you will only
afford the facilities that other nations are wise
enough to afford to their people. This is just
the thing that does pay. it is like sowing the
grain in the fall upon the well-cultivated fields.
It returns a harvest the next year and a greater
and greater harvest year alter year, and that
is the fact as demonstrated by history, not only
the history of other countries, but in the his-
tory of our own so far as we have tried it.
Why, sir, what has been the result of the
establishment of the little mail line to Brazil?
Look at your statistics of trade andcommeice
in reference to that, and see how they have
swollen up in these few years since you estab-
lished that line. Look at the growth of com-
merce that has taken place since the encour-
agement of the line with China and Japan.
Why, sir, we are likely to take the trade of
those ancient countries away from the nations
of Europe; we are likely to control that, and
how and why? By reason of the little assist-
ance that you afford to these enterprises they
return, I say, many fold, and other nations
are wise enough to see it. While we pay but
something less than three quarters of a million
to sustain the commerce of this country, other
nations, like England and France, pay large
sums for that purpose. Why, sir, England her-
self pays more than six million dollars, count-
ing it in our currency, for the support of her
mail carriage by sea. She, with all her ad-
vantages of commerce, with almost no com-
petitor in the line of ship-building in all the
world, sees the necessity of having her mails
cariied speedily to these distant countries,
from which she obtains her raw material and
converts it into products, and sends it out to
the world again increased many fold in value;
and that is the way she makes her wealth.
Why, sir, for carrying the mail we are now
competing for, that this line will compete with,
she pays two or three times what you are asked
to pay, with a prospect, too, infinitely brighter
than she has in the expenditure.
My friend from Connecticut says that the
products of our country are the same as those
of Australia, and that therefore there can be
no trade between the two. Surely the Sena-
tor could not have meant all that. I assure
him that the products of his own State have
found a market there. But the mistake that
I may be excused for saying he makes is in
supposing that the advantages of this trade
come by that line of steamers alone. By no
means. The trade, of course, has the advan-
tage of speedy communication by that line of
steamers, but the trade is carried on by other
vessels. I have a statement here, made but
two or three days ago, from the collector of
the port of Boston, showing the amount of
products of those countries that have come
into that port within the last six months, and
I hear of vessels that have been loaded in
Boston, New Yoik, and other eastern ports
for those countries, and the trade comes back
in the shape of raw material.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Will the Senator
permit me to say a word ?
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I know that what
the Senator states is correct, that vessels load
in Australia for Boston and New York, and
they load in Boston and New York for Aus-
