1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
subject, but I do not know now that there will
be any necessity for this proviso.
Mr. FliELINGHUYSEN. I do not think
there is any necessity for the proviso now; but
if it is passed, the alteration 1 suggest ought to
be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had better leave it
out altogether.
Mr. THURMAN. What alteration did the
Senator from New Jersey suggest? I did not
hear it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suggested that
if the proviso was kept in, this provision should
be made to harmonize with the body of the
section by making it apply to 1876 instead of
1872.
Mr. THURMAN. That would not do at all,
because that would defeat the very object of
the proviso. The difficulty which gave rise to
this proviso has been stated by the chairman
of the_ committee. The Senate must under-
stand it. There are some States in which, by
the laws, the election is held for several days,
and all the electors in a county voteatthesame
place. For instance, 1 have in my mind a
county where there are six thousand voters,
and they are all required to vote at the same
place. It has been found by experience that
you cannot take and register the name of the
voter more than one vote per minute, which
is sixty per hour ; so that if the judges sat, for
twelve hoars they could only take seven hun-
dred and twenty votes, and that would be seven
hundred and twenty votes out of six thousand
persons entitled to vote. That is manifestly
wrong, and hence the State law provides that
the election may be kept open for three or four
days, so that all the voters may be entitled to
vote. But I am not certain but that the sugges-
tion of the chairman of the committee is right
now, that, since the Senate has voted down the
proposition to hold the election on a certain
day in November this year, there is no neces-
sity for this proviso.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It had better be left out.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 am indifferent about
this amendment now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have consulted one of
the Senators from Texas, and he thinks there
is no necessity now for the proviso, inas-
much as the certain day fixed for the election
does not take effect until 187G. I think, there-
fore, this amendment mav be disagreed to.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment to add
a proviso to the third section.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment of the committee will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
of the Committee on the Judiciary is in sec-
tion four, line eight, to strike out the words
"and in such manner."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is merely verbal.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted ; I see no necessity in the
world for it. And now the Senate having re-
fused to adopt any of the amendments so far
reported by the Judiciary Committee. I hope
the Senate will continue to refuse and will
take the bill just as it came from the House
of Representatives. There are but two amend-
ments now left reported by the committee.
Ono is to strike out the words "in such
manner;" the other is to add an additional
section as section six. As to section six, it
is nothing in the world but the fourteenth
amendment, and there is no more necessity
for putting it in this bill than there is for
inserting the Lord's Prayer. It has no more
effect than if you were to insert in it the Lord's
Prajer or the Decalogue : and therefore there
is no necessity f - r sending this bill back to the
House in order that it may contain the four-
teenth amendment, or a clause of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution. 1 take
it, then, that the Senate will not delay the pas-
sage of this bill in order merely to insert sec-
tion six, which is nothing but the fourteenth
amendment. If that is the case, then shall
we send the bill back merely in order that we
may amend it by striking out these words "in
such manner?" I do not think that to strike
them out would serve any valuable purpose,
and I hope, therefore, the amendment will be
disagreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When a bill goes on for
some time, Mr. President, you at last gene-
rally see, with all respect to my friend, the
cloven foot. If you do not adopt this amend-
ment and strike out these words, then you will
have repealed in the cass of elections to fill
vacancies all that we have provided about
inspecting the elections of members of Con-
gress in the States by the registration bills that
we have passed and the inspection bills that
we have passed m this Congress and in pre-
ceding Congresses. As the law of the United
States now stands, in order to enforce the
rights of the people under the Constitution and
to secure a fair election of members of Con-
gress, we have provided that m certain cities
there shall be a certain registration and certain
inspection of elections by officers of the Uni-
ted States. This section, as it was inadver-
tently drawn, 1_ have no doubt, in the House
of Representatives, not only directs that when-
ever there is a vacancy to be filled in any dis-
trict for a member of Congress the election
shall be at the time provided by the State law,
but that it shall be in the manner provided in
the State law. It is a clear repeal of the exist-
ing provisions of law which declare that it shall
be m the manner and under the observation
and inspection provided by the acts of Con-
gress. 'Therefore I am not at all surprised to
hear my honorable Inend from Ohio say that
he thinks the amendment had better not be
adopied, so that wherever by the old contriv-
ances that have been adopted, in some of the
cities that I need not name, it would be con-
venient to count in a member of Congress of
a certain political persuasion thatdid not have
votes enough fairly given, and to count out
another who did receive them, it would only
be necessary to turn out the United States in-
spectors and the other means that the law has
provided for seeing that there was a fair elec-
tion to leave it to the ward politicians in the
city of New York and other cities to determine
who shall be the member. Of course my hon-
orable friend does not mean that, exactly ; he
does not, see that, of course; otherwise he
would not oppose the amendment; but unless
we wish to repeal what, we lmve already pro-
vided for purity in the elections of members
of Congress in the great cities, we must, agree
to this amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. There is no cloven foot
or any other kind of horned animal in this
amendment, or in these words without it. In
the first place, this section relates only to the
case of a special election to fill a vacancy, or
where there is a failure to elect, it does not
touch the general elections for members of the
House of Representatives. The cases, there-
fore, to which it will apply are very rare indeed.
• It is very seldom that there is an election to
fill a vacancy, and still more seldom that theie
is a failure to elect. In all those States in
which a plurality elects, no such thing as a
failure to elect can occur unless there should
be a tie, and m those cases I think in every
State the right then is determined by lot. It
is so in my own State, and has always been so.
I think, therefore, there can be no failure
to elect except in those States in which a
majority of all the votes is necessary to elect
a member, and they are very few in number.
Then there is no probability of there being a
failure to elect so as to make this section neces-
sary in many cases, and the vacancies that
happen are very few indeed. The section
itself, therefore, is rather inserted out of abun-
dant caution than for any other reason. It is
very unlikely that there will be half a dozen
cases of elections under this s'.etiou within
half a dozen years. But, sir, suppose there
were. The Senator is entirely wrong in saying
that striking out these words "in such man-
ner " would have any effect whatever upon the
laws that have been passed by Congiess in
regard to elections. It is not, pretended that
those laws are expressly repealed, but it is
said they will be repealed by implication.
There is no implication at all to repeal them
if yon leave these words in. There is no im-
plication in these words "in such manner."
A statute is never repealed by implication if
both statutes can stand. It is only where the
repngnancy is so manifest that they are wholly
irreconcilable that one statute repeals another
by implication. Now, you can satisfy the words
" in such manner" in the section as it came
from the House, without making any repug-
nancy at all between it and the act of Congress
to which the Senator referred.
What is "manner?" "At such time and
in such manner" is the language. Take the
case of a vacancy in my own State. A vacancy
happens in the House of Representatives in
the delegation from Ohio. What is the time
when the election to fill that vacancy shall be
held? That is fixed by the Governor's proc-
lamation under the law which authorizes him
to issue it and to fix the time. What is " the
manner?" The manner is also fixed in the
same way by the law; that, thatelection shall be
called by the Governor of the State, and then
that it, shall be held pursuant to the election
law of the State. That is all there is of it.
Does the Senator say that these laws which
Congress has passed repeal the State laws?
There is not one of them that is repealed.
Every election to be valid now this day must
be in the manner provided by the State law,
and because you have superadded certain safe-
guards, as you supposed, certain interference
of Federal officials, you have not repealed the
manner provided by the State law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; we have added to it.
Mr. THURMAN. That is all you have
done, added to it; and when you provide here
for an exceptional case, the case of a vacancy
or the like, you do not—because you say that
it is to be at the time and in the manner pro-
vided by the State laws—repeal your act of
Congress which speaks in so many words of
all elections at which a member of Congress
is chosen. There is no express repeal of it,
and there is no implication of repeal; and
much as I think that these laws of yours are
wrong, I am compelled to say that these words,
" in such manner." do not, operate to repeal
thein, and do not, affect them in the slightest
degree. There is no necessity, therefore, for
retaining the words.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my honorable friend
were the State inspector of elections in all the
States to receive the votes and count thctn
everywhere in the event of their being an elec-
tion to fill a vacancy caused by death or resig-
nation or any other casualty occurring, there
would be great force m what he says, because
after he has committed himself to one inter-
pretation of the law ho would stand by it; but
unhappily he does not, fill that position. Now,
the very word that the Constitution uses in
giving to us authority to interfere in the States
in the election of members of Congress is the
word "manner." The fourth section of the
first, article of the Constitution declares that
"the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for Senators and Representatives
shall be prescribed in each State by the Legis-
latures thereof; but the Congress may at any
time by law make or alter such regulations,
except as to the place of choosing Senators."
My friend is right, therefore, in saying that
we have not repealed the State manner of
electing members of Congress in those respects
which are still consistent with what we have
done. We have not undertaken to change the
time ; we have not undertaken to change the
officers who shall preside chiefly at those elec-
tions ; but we have under this authority un-
dertaken to supervise and to watch over the
