1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
625
42D Conu....2D SESS.
Senator from Kansas—Report.
SldNATK. ■
I never had any conversation with him on that
subject. I never paid him a cent. I neyer
authorized anybody else to. I never conversed
with anybody about paying him anything that
I remember of ; in fact, I know that he never
got anything, directly or indirectly', from me.
Question. It has been intimated that Gen-
eral Lee, who was a candidate against you,
was got out of the way ; that his friends ac-
cused him of being bought off.
Answer. As to General Lee, I only know
that he was a candidate until the end of the
voting. He was my only competitor at the
time in the joint convention, as the records
show. He received all the votes that I did
not get. I received the balance. There was
no understanding between us. He never got
any money, to my knowledge, from any source
whatever, and I do not believe the man used
any money, either, in the election. So far as
I am concerned, I think Lee was an honor-
able, straightforward competitor, and fought it
out as well as he could.
Question. What do you know about this
other man, Maxson?
Answer. I have the same statement to make
about him. He was elected, as my friend, to
vote for me, and did vote for me. So far as I
know, he never got a cent for it. He was
appointed to a land office this last year, but
never held any Federal office prior to last year,
when he was nominated and confirmed as regis-
ter of I he land office now at Independence, Kan-
sas. No consideration of office or money ever
passed between Mr. Maxson and myself, nor
between Mr. Maxson and any friend of mine,
to my knowledge.
Washington, D. C..
Wednesday, May 29, 1872.
John A. Martin (called by Mr. Pomeroy)
sworn and examined.
By Mr. Pomeroy:
Question. State your residence and occupa-
tion.
Ansncer. Atchison, Kansas; occupation,
editor.
Question. I desire to ask you if you were
familiar with the canvass of 1867 iu Kansas'?
Answer. Yes, sir; I lived there, and was
somewhat familiar with it.
Question. Were you at Topeka while the
canvass was going on there ?
Answer. Yes, sir;
Question. State whether you knew and was
acquainted with the members of the Legisla-
ture generally.
Answer. Yes, sir ; generally, I was.
Question. State what you know in regard to
the candidates, and what were their admitted
chances of election ; state any facts about those
things that are within your knowledge.
Answer. The candidates were Mr. Pomeroy,
General Lee, Mr. Carney. Mr. llo.-.s, Mr.
Thatcher, Mr. lvalloch, and I do not know but
a few otheis, allot"them except Mr. Pomeroy,
Mr. Carney and General Lee being candidates
at first for the short term—not being Candi-
dates for the long term. It was the general
opinion of the politicians there, and of all ob
servers who were familiar with our poli ics,
that Mr. Pomeroy bad the most strength from
the organization of the Legislature. My own
judgment was that there was not. any doubt of
his election Iron) the first, and finally that opin-
ion seemed to be so shared in by other candi-
dates, who were at first his opponents, that I
believe Mr. Curney changed his candidacy and
became a candidate for the short term instead
of the long terra. General Lee continued in
the field, but it was simply in hope, I believe,
of either making some show for the short term,
or simply to receive a complimentary vote.
I do not believe he finally had any hope of
success.
Question. Where did you stop . at that
time?
Answer. I stopped at the Capitol House.
Question. Were you in my room frequently?
Answer. Yes, sir ; every day, I guess.
Question. Do you recollect meeting Ed.
Russell there ?
Answer. I do not think I ever saw him there
more than once or twice.
Question. Do you recollect whether Perry
Fuller occupied a room with me or adjoining
me, or anywhere near me?
Answer. He occupied a room in that build-
ing, bat not near you, nor adjoining you, that
I remember. I think he was stopping at that
house—the Capitol House. Mr. I omeroy had
rooms there around in a wing of the house
that extended out by itaelf. I do not think that
Perry Fuller was anywhere near him.
Question. Do you know at what time he
reached Topeka?
Answer. It was only a day or so before the
election. He was not there when the Legisla-
ture met, nor for several days afterward.
Question. Do you know Joshua Wheeler ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
[The testimony of Joshua Wheeler in rela-
tion to setiding for this witness, for which see
page 20, was here read to the witness by the
reporter.]
Question. Do you recollect writingto Joshua
Wheeler requesting his attendance?
Answer. 1 do not remember. I may have
done so; but I do not remember having sent
for him at all.
Question. In whose interest did you con-
clude Wheeler to be, provided he was there?
Answer. I supposed be would be in Carney s
interest for the short term. But as he was
a resident of our county, and ihat county was
unanimously for Mr. Pomeroy, or practically
unanimous for Mr. Pomeroy', we supposed he
would be in Mr. Pomeroy's interest for the
long term, as his interests were identified with
ours, and the public sentiment was all one
way.
Mr. Pomeroy. I will ask to have the testi-
mony of Colonel D. li. Anthony read over to
this witness, so far as he mentions him.
[The testimony of D. K. Anthony, on page
13. was here read by the reporter to the
witness.]
Question. You have heard the testimony of
Colonel Anthony. What do you know about
tha ; what h- ve you to say about it ?
Answer. Alt there is about it is this: in
our room we kept no liquors, except what we
ordered from the bar When there was any-
body there who was in the habit of drinking
occasionally, we rang the bell and ordered
from the bar. We kept no liquors there—no
place of entertainment. We occasionally, as
people came in, ordered iiquors trom the bar.
Question. My point is. whether 1 had any
connection with it?
Answer Not that I know of. I never con-
sulted you about the matter nor said a word
to you in my life in reference to it.
Question. Is there anything else you desire
to slate?
Answer. There is nothing that I know of;
we simply occasionally ordered liquors to our
room from the bar.
Question, it was a matter of your own en-
tire Iv
Answer. Yes, sir, Mr. Pomeuoy never
spoke to me in my life about it. 1 never
asked him about it.
Question. Did you ever hear that spoken
of as " Pomeroy's whisky; whether it was
in fact?
Answer No, sir.
By Mr. Logan' :
Question. Do you know any fact connected
with that election tending to show the use of
improper means iu. procuring votes fot Mr.
Pomeroy ? , .. •
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Either by Mr. Pomeroy or byahy
one for him?
Answer. No, sir.
.Question. Whom were you supporting for
the long term ?
Answer. I was supporting Mr. Pomeroy.
Question. Did you support Mr, Pomeroy
from the beginning of the contest?
Answer. Yes, sir; and for a long time before
it commenced.
Question. Were you a member of the Legis-
lature ?
Answer. No, sir; not at that time.
Question. Do you know where Mr. Sharp,
formerly of Wyandotte, then a member of the
Kansas senate, is now?
Answer. I do not. The last I heard of
him he was in Wyandotte,
By Mr. Pomehoy :
Question. How long ago was that?
Answer. I guess a year ago, fully.
Question. You do not know whether he h
in Kansas now or not ?
Ansicer. No, sir. I do not think I have
heard him spokon of within a year.
Washington, D. C., '
Wednesday, May 29, 1812.
Jacob Stotler, called by Mt. Pomeroy, swora
and examined.
By Mr. Pomeroy :
Question. State your residence aud occupa-
tion ?
Answer. Emporia, Kansas; I am the editor
of a newspaper, the Emporia News.
Question. How many years have you been
editing a paper in Kansas?
Ansicer. About twelve years.
Question. Have you been familiar with 'the
politics of the State during that time?
Answer. Yes, sir. I have been a member
of the Legislature, representing Emporia dis-
trict of Lyon county for six years.
Question. What offices have you held 14 the
Legislature?
Answer. I was speaker of the house two
sessions.
Question. Of which branch were you a'iiiem-
ber last winter ?
Anstcer. 1 was a member of the senate last
i term.
Question. Do you know anything about
a resolution that was introdtlced for the in
vestigatton of the election of Senators frum
Kansas.
Answer. I do.
Question. Tell how it was introduced, and
! who were included in it?
Ansictr. The resolution'was first introduced
iu the house of representatives to invest ign.1*
the senatorial election of 1871, at which time
Senator Caldwell was elected. It paased
the house in that shape, and came to the sen-
ate. and was amended there in some part>c-
uUr. 1 do not remember now what it was.
and when it went back to the house it bus
amended by inserting also power to investi-
gate the election of 1867, at which time jou
j were elected. As near as I can remember
I that is the history of the resolution.
I Question. Have yon seen the book published
i as the result of that investigation?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Were you examined as a witness ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Do you know anything on the
subject of whether that book correctly reprc
sents the testimony that was taken ?
Answer. I do not. because I was not before
the committee, and knew nothing of their pro-
ceedings except what I heard on the street. I
