1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
all continued in active service all through
the late war because they were men of great
ability and officers of superior knowledge. It
is simply to give them for the few remain-
ing years of their lives the half pay of rear
admirals that this bill is proposed. It seems
to me to be just, and is recommended by the
Department, and is the unanimous report of the
committee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire how much this
increases their pay.
Mr. CRAGIN. The half-pay of a captain
is $2,250.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What will theygetafter
this bill passes ?
Mr. CRAGIN. They will get $3,000. Forty-
five hundred dollars is a captain's pay. They
get half of that; that is, $2,2-50. The sea pay
of a rear admiral is $6,000; half of that entire
pay is $3,000. It gives them about seven
hundred and fifty dollars a year additional.
Mr. POMEROY. Many of them?
Mr. CRAGIN. Only four; the four sur-
vivors of the nine; the five others are dead.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
cecilia barr.
Mr. CRAGIN. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 835.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 835) for the relief of Mrs. Cecilia Barr,
widow of William Barr, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to pay
$1,000 to Mrs. Cecilia Barr, widow of William
Barr, in consideration of the valuable in-
formation and services of William Barr, ren-
dered to the forces of the United States in
the harbor of Savannah in the winters of
1861 and 1862.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask the Clerk to read the
report in that case, which explains the bill.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Cragis on the 10th of April:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred Senate bill 835, for the relief of Cecilia
Barr, widow of William Barr, have examined the
same and accompanying papers, and submit the
following report: .
William Barr, husband of the said Cecilia Barr,
in 1861, at the breaking out of the rebellion, was a
resident of Savannah, Georgia, and was>in com-
mon with many others, drafted into the insurgent
service. After many efforts, he succeeded in escap-
ing: from Fort Pulaski, where he was stationed, to
T.vbee Island, then under the command of General
Wright, December 22,1861. The night previous to
deserting, he out adritt two large rafts of timber,
consisting of two hundred and sixty-one logs, which
Jell into the possession of Captain Missroom, then
in command of United States gun-boats_at that
point. This fact is corroborated by Captain Miss-
room. The logs afterward assisted materially in
the attack and capture of Fort Pulaski.
On the some flight of his desertion he gave the
information to Captian Missroom which prevented
the Fingal from putting to sea, by way of Warsaw
sound, with a large cargo of cotton. ' '
The said Barr was immediately sent by Captain
Missroom to Admiral Du Pont, flag officer com-
manding south Atlantic blockading squadron^ to
whom he gave important information concerning
Forts Jackson and Pulaski, and the rebel strength
in and about Savannah. The character and value
of this information will more fully appear from the
r.eports on file at the Navy Department, and from
papers in the hands of this committee.
The said William Barr died July 16,1865, his death
being caused by exposure in aiding the, search lor
the assassins of President Lincoln. _ Besides his
Patriotism, he is represented by Captain Missroom
to have been "particularly intelligent and anxious
to be useful."
It is apparent to this committee that the services
of said William Barr were very valuable to the Gov-
ernment, and his family being in destitute circum-
stances, they recommend the passage of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
geoiuje a. (stevens.
Mr. CRAGIN. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No 903.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill
(H. R. No. 903) for the relief of George A.
Stevens, of the United States Navy, was con-
sidered as io Committee ofthe Whole. It pro-
poses to authorize the President of the United
States to appoint, and, with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to commission George
A. Stevens to such rank in the United States
Navy as the circumstances of Stevens' case
may, in his judgment, seem to justify.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will explain in a w'ord
this bill. George A. Stevens has been in the
naval service over thirty-one years. Some
time, during the war there was a rebel cruiser,
by the name-of the Tallahassee I think, that
appeared off the coast of New England and
Stevens was ordered to take a United States
vessels and attempt to capture her, although
nobody knew where she was. He went to
Portland, Maine, it being supposed that she
had taken that direction. He went to Port-
land and called there to see if he could get
any information concerning the vessel; but
he did not succeed in doing so. He then went
to Eastport, Maine, and there he fouud Alex-
ander H. Rice, chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee of the House, and Mtr. Rice advised
him to telegraph to the Department for in-
structions. lie obtained no information in
relation to the vessel; but before leaving
Eastport he learned that the vessel was or
had been at Halifax. He started at once for
Halifax. When he arrived there the Talla-
hassee had left, and he was unsuccessful in
his efforts.
The Navy Department .thought that he did
not perform his duty properly, had him court-
martialed, and placed on the retired list. The
court-martial was very mild and did not go
quite so far as the Secretary ofthe Navy thought
they ought. A year ago he was placed on the
active list, but placed at the foot of lieutenant
commanders; he had been in service thirty-
one years or more and all the other officers
of that grade had been in the service only ten
years. His friends felt that this was a degra-
dation to him and thought he ought to be
higher up on that list, if not at the foot of
the commanders. The committee are satisfied
that if he erred at all, it was in judgment.
There is not a particle of evidence going to
impeach him as being wanting in courage or
anything of that kind. The bill simply author-
izes the President to place him where the
•circumstances of the case seem to justify.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not recollect this
case in committee. I probably was not at the
committee when it was acted on, and I should
like to ask the chairman of the committee
whether there is any precedent forthis—wbether
such a bill has ever passed before, authorizing
the President to put an officer of the Navy
wherever he sees fit to put him ?
Mr. CRAGIN. This is a House bill. There
was a bill passed at the last session of Con-
gress authorizing this officer's restoration to
the active list as lieutenant commander. This
is a House bill now authorizing the President,
if he sees fit, to advance him in that grade.
I am not sure that a bill ev«r passed exactly
id this language.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not think it au-
thorizes the President to advance him in that
way, but as I heard it read it authorizes the
President to put him in any place he pleases.
He can make him an admiral.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is not much danger
of his putting him very high.
Mr. STOCKTON. Because there is not
much danger we ought not to give him the
authority ; it is establishing wrong legislation.
I really do not like the bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will say that it was sup-
posed when the first bill passed at the last
Congress that it would place him at the foot
ofthe list of commanders ; if he had remained
in the service he would have been very well
up in the list of commanders; but by some
oversight or mistake he'lell to the foot of the
lieutenant commanders.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like also to ask
whether the resolution introduced by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,] from
the Naval Committee, in reference to changes
in the list, does not cover this case? Is not
such a bill excluded by the rule we have adopt-
ed for our permanent action?
Mr. CRAGIN. This bill passed the House
in the early part of this session, and was re-
ported here some months before the report
alluded to by the Senator from New Jersey.
I do not think that would cover this case exactly.
This is an exceptional case, this officer having
fallen far below his origi nal grade by the circum-
stance that I have alluded to.
Mr. STOCKTON. Every attempt that has
been made since I have been on the Naval
Committee to rectify little injustices that may
have been done by boards has resulted in
doing a much greater injustice to other gen-
tlemen on the list. The Naval Committee, as
I understand it, are perfectly satisfied that that
is the fact, and that it is very dangerous for us
to be tampering with individual cases. I
understood the report made by the Senator
from Rhode Island to meet the unanimous
view of the committee. That report would
prevent us from taking up an isolated case of
this kind, and would certainly prevent us from
giving the President of the United States the
power here delegated. I do not suppose he
would use it; but in our legislation we should
act in such a way as not to give permission io
anybody to do what is wrong, because we set
a bad precedent by it. My imprpssion is that
the report of the Senator from Rhode Island
covers this case; and while the report was
made subsequent to the presentation of the
case, it was made before the case came up for
the action of the Senate; and if we are going
to stand by our own report and the views we
have expressed we cannot pass this bill. That
report was made to satisfy the Navy. Hun-
dreds of petitions came to us from officers of
the Navy telling us the effect this special legis-
lation was having on the Navy, the uncer-
tainty that existed as to whether men were to
be degraded by others being put over their
heads for no earthly reason. They have recom-
mended the repeal of the law which authorized
the President for gallant and meritorious ser-
vices to recommend to Congress the promo-
tion of a man and a change of his rank, because
the war having been over so many years, that
leaves these gentlemen very uncertain in their
positions.
The question -whether men should be pro-
moted for merit, or whether they should be
promoted for seniority, has been a question
discussed in the English navy, and in all
navies and armies for generations. On theory
it may well be said that men ought to be pro-
moted for merit; but in practice it has been
found in every country of the world that where
that is the rule, men are promoted not fbr
merit, but because they have somebody who
has got the ear of the court. I do not speak
of this case. I know nothing about the case,
as I mentioned when I got up ; but I do say
that in time of peace the best rule undoubtedly
is to let every man know that he is gradually to
rise ; that it is a profession with him ; that no
man will be placed over his head unless there
is some good reason which Congress can be
informed of, and I can see no reason in what
the chairman of the committee has said why
this gentleman should be placed over the
heads of others who have worked up while he
was under disability.
Mr. CRAGIN. Did the Senator from New
Jersey hear me state that this man had been
in service thirty-one years, and that every man
over him in the grade to which he now belongs
has been in service only about ten years?
This bill practically is to correct a mistake
made in the act of the last session of Congress,
and this case comes within the spirit of the
report made by the Senator from Rhode Island,
for at the last Congress it was recommended
by the executive department; it was reconi-
