1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4261
the Government for pay, he is met at the' door
of the Senate by the honorable Senator from
New York on one side of the aisle, and the
honorable Senator from Nevada on the other,
standing with words sharper than bayonets,
saying to him "The war Is not yet ended;"
and I would ask the honorable Senator from
New York, how can he undertake to assume
that this is a Republican measure ? I deny
that the Senator has any right to turn any
question of this kind into any party current
whatever.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me understand the
honorable Senator. Does he ascribe to me
the statement that this is a Republican meas-
ure?
Mr. ALCORN. I said that the honorable
Senator had stated that the Republican Sena-
tors were absent, and in thatway I understood
him to imply that if those Republican Sena-
tors were here, on account of their Repub-
licanism they would oppose this measure.
_Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
misunderstood me if he understood me to say
that. Let me state what I meant.
Mr. ALCORN. I have only five minutes,
but I will give him the benefit of the state-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. I only want to correct
his statement.
Mr. ALCORN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I do mean to say that if
the absent Senators were here, in my belief
this would be voted down, not because they
are Republicans, but because they disapprove
of this legislation; and if earned at all, it is
to be carried in their absence by the whole
Democratic vote and such reinforcements as
they may pick up from the Republican side.
Mr. ALCORN. I assume that the honorable
Senator has no right to speak for those Sena-
tors who are to-day absent, and unless he
asserts his authority and shows it I deny it.
This is a case in which each and every Senator
can decide for himself upon his own judgment,
not upon a question of section, a question of
loyalty or disloyalty to the Government, but
upon a question of statesmanship, right, jus-
tice, aud equity as to how he should vote. I
stand here perhaps in the estimation of the
Senator from New York with a small portion
of Republicanism represented in my own per-
son, but I stand here by the side of all south-
ern Republicans in solid column demanding
that this section of the bill shall be passed,
and I deny the right of any Senator to draw a
line here with regard to Republicanism, or
intimate a line of separation that says to the
southern Republicans, " You cannot be of us
and with us."
Mr. MORRILL, of "Vermont. Is an amend-
ment now in order to this section ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move, then,
to insert on line nine after tl^e word "re-
ceived" the words " orpromised," and at the
end of the section to insert "other than from
the United States."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that proviso has been stricken out,
and therefore there are no words to attach
this to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
to insert the proviso with these words added,
in this shape:
Provided, That before any payment shall be made
under this act, satisfactory evidence shall be fur-
nished that no compensation has been received or
promised from any source for such service, other
than from the United States.
Is that in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is in the power of the Senator to move
a new proviso. That is in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is well
understood that the southern confederate gov-
ernment at a very early moment organized a
post office department, and a member of the
House of Representatives, seceding from the
House, was made postmaster general. I do not
believe that the Senate is prepared to vote to
pay these mail contractors in cases where this
southern post office department either paid or
promised to pay, and I should like a direct
vote on that proposition. I have no question
but what in a large portion of the country
this confederate government undertook to pay
these contractors. I know very well that in
some portions of the country they did claim
that they had out-yankeed the Yankees by
making the United States pay for carrying
their own mails. Clearly, as a matter of
equity, I claim that no southern Senator can
ask to have these claims paid where the south-
ern confederate government either paid or
undertook to pay them. I present the propo-
sition. I do not think it needs any argument.
I know it may be claimed that a payment in
confederate currency was not a payment
because it was not of full value.
Mr. ALCORN. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not pro-
pose to occupy more than a moment longer.
Mr. ALCORN. I merely wanted to make
a suggestion to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. IfLheywere
promised pay, and received anything as a con-
sideration, it seems to me it ought to be a
receipt in full. I cannot believe that any Sen-
ator will be ready at this early day to under-
take to pay claims that were legitimate claims
upon the confederate government, claims
which they acknowledged themselves, and
either paid or promised to pay.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Ihavebutaword
to say, and it is to my friend from Mississippi,
[Mr. Alcorn.] I certainly desire to vote for
this measure if it is as he states a just, equi-
table claim ; and if I do not do it, I feel bound
to state to the Senator and to the interest that
he feels constrained to represent why I do
not consider it just. I understand that by this
provision we are saying that the Treasury shall
be taxed to pay a disloyal contractor, because
the provision of loyalty is stricken from the
bill; that we are bound to pay even if the
money was seized by the confederacy and
appropriated to its use, because there is no
restriction of that kind ; that we are bound to
pay if the disloyal contractor by his very dis-
loyalty aided in having.the result of the mail
carriage turned into the Treasury of the con-
federacy. In other words, we are called upon
to pay that person who, having a contract with
the United States, used his position to the
injury of the United States. I do not think
that that is just or equitable. I understand
that according to law this debt is entirely dis-
charged, that this rebellion amounted to and
had all the characteristics of a war, so that a
person who joined the army and the forces
against this Government thereby legally lost
all claim to make a demand against this Gov-
ernment. But not putting it on that ground,
putting it on the ground of equity, we certainly
are under no obligations to pay one who aided
and used the very position m which he was to
injure this Government.
But we go further than that. We say that
even if he was paid full price for his services
by the confederacy, to which he had adhered,
we are to repay him for this act of disloyalty
and injuring the Government. My friend
shakes his head. I say that because £ under-
stand the Senate have stricken out the proviso:
Provided, That before any payment shall be
made under this act, satisfactory evidence shall be
furnished that no compensation has been received
from any source for such service.
If I am wrong in that, 1 wish to be corrected.
Mr. ALCORN. I was not aware at the
time we were voting to strike out that provis-
ion, and I will go with the Senator to reinsert
that provision, which I think proper.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That certainly
relieves it of one of its.objectionable features;
but still I think that where a person who was
employed was disloyal to the Government, and
so aided the confederacy to take the proceeds
from this mail carriage, he has no claim in
justice or equity, as he has not in law, against
the United States.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not suppose there is
any desire here to pay men for being disloyal.
I do not suppose the object of this proposition
is to pay them for aiding the rebellion ; it is
simply to pay them for services which they did
in the usual way under the direction of the
Post Office Department until the Post Office
Department itself terminated the contract.
The Post Office Department was desirous and
the Government was desirous of maintaining
its relations with the loyal men of the South to
the last moment when the maintenance of such
relations was a possibility. It acted upou that
theory and unquestionably did what seemed
best for the good of the country. The fact that
the mail contractor afterward, after he bad
completed his contract with the United States,
accepted a contract under the rebellion, does
not in any way or form affect the right, as it
seems to me, to the payment for labor done
under the contract with the United States in
exact accordance with the contract with the
United States, and under the directions of the
Postmaster General.
Now, where it can be shown that these men
received compensation from the confederate
government 1 or the service performed up to
the 31st of May, 1861,1 have no sort of objec-
tion that they shall be shut out from any pay-
ment by the United States ; butwhen theprop-
osition is to shut them out because the con-
federate government assumed the responsi-
bility of payment, never having fulfilled that
responsibility, I think that, proposition should
be rejected.
We made an arrangement to pay some of
these contractors before, and although in one
instance there is an individual who has pre-
sented claims to the amount of $76,493 18,
taking several years to get up those claims,
the amount paid on that to loyal claimants
was only in the whole time $243 11. Only
three paymeuts were made, and one since that
time, making four payments entirely, to settle
loyal claims under that law, and at the same
rate of progress it will require the period of
more than three quarters of a century—not
half of one per cent, per annum.
The Senate have by their votes evinced a
desire that these men should be paid. I do
not think any considerable number of the
Senators on the floor will vote against the
proposition to shut out those who have received
compensation from any other source. But to
those who did perform their contract, to those
who performed the service according to the
contract up to the time when the Government
itself suspended the contract, I believe the
voice of the Senate is, in spite of the absence
of a large number of Republican Senators,
decidedly ia favor of that proposition. It is
very rarely that any proposition is carried here
by a vote larger than twenty-nine.
Mr. CONKLING. Do 1 understand my
honorable friend to admit that he is in favor
of paying not only those who have not been
paid from some other source, but tho3e who
have received compensation from some other
source ?
Mr. SAWYER. I have stated distinctly
that I was willing to vote to exclude those
who had been paid from any other source.
Mr. SHERMAN. My interest in this mat-
ter becomes a great deal more intense when I
find the Senate have stricken out this proviso,
because I remember as a matter of history—
I have sent for the document—that nearly all
the southern States in passing ordinances of
secession, and the confederate States in form-
ing their government at Montgomery, assumed
to these people the payment of these debts,
assumed these obligations, and no doubt paid
