3366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
mended by the Secretary of the Navy that
this man be retired ; but as I stated, by some
means or other a mistake was made in the bill
by which he was placed at the foot of the
lieutenant commanders, when it was intended
to place him at the foot of the commanders,
and that is all there is in this bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. There may have been a
mistake made ; but ever since I have been on
the committee, whenever a man has applied,
Irom any accident or mistake or fault of his
own, to be restored, we have restored him at
the foot of the list, because although he may
not have been to blame, if he got out of the
service in any way it was thought not proper
to place him over the heads of other men. I
think the chairman of the committee has taken
upon himself a pretty heaVy task if he advo-
cates these special bills for taking up individ-
ual cases on account of the merits that they
present to him, and changing their position
on the list. This bill, winch tells the Presi-
dent of the United States to put him wherever
he pleases, I think has no precedent whatever
in the history of congressional legislation in
regard to the Navy. I regret that I have not
seen the bill before, and have not had the op-
portunity of speaking to the chairman about
it before it came into the Senate. The bill is
a surprise to me, but that no doubt is my own
fault. I move that the bill be postponed for
the present.
The motion was agreed to.
It. m. ukkkn's patent.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 2208.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. 11. No. 2200) for the
payment of K. M. Green for the use of his
patent by the Government. It directs the
Secretary of the Navy to pay to R. M. Green,
out of any surplus fiom appropriations or other
moneys belonging to the Government and at
his disposal, the sum of $10,000, as payment
in full for the use by the Government of his
patent machine for bending chain cable links,
connecting-shackles, and tackle hooks.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is a report from the
House committee which 1 wish the Secretary
would read.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 must object to the
form of that bill. If we are to pay $10,000
for the patent-right., I do not want it to be paid
by the Secretary of the Navy out of funds in his
possession, hut it should be paid by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury out of any funds in the
Treasury not.ot.herwise appropriated, and I will
move that amendment. [ should like also to
hear an explanation of the bill.
Mr. CRAG IN. I think the Senator from
Ohio is right about, that. This is a House bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How doesthe bill read
now ?
Mr. CRAGIN. It reads as follows:
That the Secretary of tho Navy be, and ia hereby,
directed to pay to H. M. Greon, out of any suiplus
from appropriations or other moneys belonging to
the Government and at his disposal, tho sum of
$10,000, ''^ payment in full for the use by the Govern-
ment of his patent machine tor bending chain-cable
links, connecting-shackles, and tackle-hooks.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Secretary of the
Navy cannot pay it,
Mr. LOGAN. Is this man an officer of
the Government?
Mr. CRAGIN. He is a mechanic of the navy-
yard at Washington.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will read the bill as proposed to be
amended by the Senator from Ohio.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill so as to read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, directed to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to R. M.
Green, the sum of $10,000. as payment in full for the
use by tile Government of his patent machine for
bending chain-cable links, connecting-shackles, and
tackle-hooks.
Mr. CRAGIN. If the Secretary has not
the report of the House committee, I will
state that this is a machine for bending large
cable links and hooks for cables and tackles.
A board of officers examining the matter have
estimated that that machine at this navy-
yard for the last four years has saved the
Government $40,000 in labor alone. This
bill proposes to pay this man $10,000 for his
entire patent for all time to come, to be used in
all the yards or for other Government purposes.
It is a very excellent machine.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to ask the
chairman if the patent is sold absolutely to
the Government: or is it only the use of it by
the Government for its own purposes, that is
to be paid for, while this person owns it out-
side of the Government shops?
Mr. CRAGIN. From the reading of the
bill itself I cannot answer. The bill passed
the House at the last Congress, and was re-
ported by the Committee on Naval Affairs of
the Senate. The patent, as I understand it,
goes absolutely to the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That depends on the
bill, of course. If the bill does not so pro-
vide, it does not go to the Government.
Mr. CRAGIN. The language of the bill is,
"as payment in full for the use by the Gov-
ernment of his patent machine for bending
chain-cable links, connecting-shackles, and
tackle-hooks."
Mr. LOGAN. Then it is only for the use
of the machine, not for the patent at all.
Mr. CRAGIN. It is for the use of it dur-
ing the life of the patent, of course. lie
might sell it, lo individuals.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the chairman to amend
the bill in that respect, and I will state the
reason. 1 remember some difficulty that has
occurred about this matter, not in this particu-
lar instance, but in the case of a number of
patents in the different armories where ma-
chines have been invented by mechanics, per-
sons who are at work there, with reference t,o
guns and th§ like. If the inventor is merely
a mechanic or a laborer, they almost uni-
formly make him assign his patent to the Gov-
ernment for the consideration of one dollar,
and that is for the use of the Government. If
he happens to be an outsider he has the full
use of the patent; but if he happens to work
for the Government, he .assigns it, to the Gov-
ernment for one dollar. That is the universal
practice.
If this man is to get $10,000, I want to know
whether the Government is to own the patent
and not merely have its use, because that is
outside of the usual course that is adopted by
the Government in reference to all mechanics
in the different Government workshops.
Mr. CRAGIN. If the Senator will move
any amendment covering that matter I shall not
object to it. It occurred to the committee,
considering the value of this patent, that the
sum proposed here was a very small one.
This board estimated that the machine was
worth $50,000, and so reported. This bill
proposes to give only $10,000 for it. Tfee
committee having reported the bill at tho last
Congress did not scrutinize it very carefully
at this Congress as to its wording, it being a
House bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I will move an amendment,
and will say a word in continuation of what I
have said on this point. My attention was not
called to it here a short time ago when a bill
was passed in reference to paying a royalty.
I will not mention the case, but I was very
much surprised at the passage of that bill for
this reason: that th4' universal practice has
been at the different Government shops where
a mechanic made an invention, that the Gov-
ernment received the use of it, and he deeded
it to the Government, for the consideration of
one dollar, or something of that kind. • If the
invention was made-'by an Army officer or a
naval officer, then the Government had the
use of the patent without paying a royalty, for
the reason that it was considered that the time
of the officer belonged to the Government,
and that while he was being paid his salary
by the Government, for the performance of the
duties of his office, any invention made by
him belonged to the Government so far as the
necessities of the Government were concerned.
He might use it outside himself and sell it, but
the use of it belonged to the Government, and
such a thiug as paying royalty to an officer of
the Army or Navy was never known until a
short time ago. I understand a Ijill passed
here paying a large amount of royalty to a
widow for the invention of her husband in
reference to guns while he was a naval officer.
Such a thing is unprecedented.
That is the reason why I call the attention
of the. chairman of the committee to this fact,
that this man being an inventor employed in a
shop in the employ of the Government desires
to sell his patent for the Government use; his
labor belonged to the Government at the time
and he was paid for it, and if he is to receive
$10,000 for it, it must absolutely belong to the
Government. That is (he distinction that I
desire to make.
Mr. CEAGIN. I will suggest to modify the
language in line seven so as to read:
The sum of $10,000 as payment in full for his
patent machine for bending chain-cable links, con-
necting-shackles, and tackle-hooks.
Mr. LOGAN. "For his patent on the
machine," whatever the name of the machine
is. 1 do not know what it is. That language
only applies to the machine, and I do not
think it would be worth that.
Mr. CRAGIN. Let the bill be laid aside
for a few moments. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will prepare an amendment covering
his views.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objec-
tion be made the bill will belaid aside inform-
ally.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. With the per-
mission of the chairman of the committee I
should like to call the attention of the Senator
from Illinois to the position which he takes
and its influence upon the mechanics of the
country. As 1 understand the Senator, the
proposition that he advances is that, so far
as inventions and the patents for those inven-
tions are concerned, it becomes the duty of
a mechanic, because he is employed by the
Government, to make over that, patent to the
Government.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will allow
me, he -evidently misinterprets or misunder-
stands what I said. I said that such was the
universal practice of the Government,. I said
not one word about the justice of it, and in
applying that principle to this bill according
to the practice of the Government, I stated
what should be done—not that I justified it
by any means. I only state that the universal
practice in the different yards, so far as my
knowledge extends, (and I once investigated
the question very thoroughly,) has been that
mechanics have been required to assign, not
their patents, but the use of them to the Gov-
ernment of the United States for the consider-
ation of one dollar; and I could state several
instances and name the individuals right here
in the city of Washington. I also stated that
Army and Navy officers were not entitled to" a
royalty from the Government for any inven-
tion or patent of theirs, and then I mentioned
a case which has occurred recently in contra- '
diction of that principle. I only meant to say
this: that according to the rule of the Govern-
ment requiring the use of patents or inven-
tions made by mechanics and officers in the
different yards and shops of the Government,
this bill violates that principle, and this being
an appropriation of $10,000 for such a patent,
it should be a sale absolutely to the Govern-
ment,. That is what I said, or meant to say,
at least.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Then if the
ruling of the department of the Government
