2470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
we are now paying at the rate of $500,000 a
year, and we have a commerce with China of
something like twenty-five or thirty million
dollars per annum. We import alone from
China, according to my recollection—I have
sent for the papers—over twenty odd million
dollars per annum.
I find by the papers just handed to me that
our total importations from China last year
were $20,066,315, and our exports amounted
to something like $5,000,000 so that our com-
merce with China is $25,000,000. Besides,
China is i\n old civilization, an old country,
containing from three to tour hundred million
people. China, Japan, and the adjacent coun-
tries have a civilization unlike ours, and with
them we necessarily have a great amount of
commerce; and therefore, if there is to bean
appropriation from the Treasury to support
any line of steamships, that is the one we
should naturally select.
Again, there are various plans proposed to
establish American lines between this country
and Europe. The great body of ourcommerce
is with Europe. We have with Great Britain
alone a commerce, including exports and im-
ports, of over three hundred and sixty million
dollars. The great body of our commerce is
with Europe. On the other hand, we have
this line to Australia with which we have a
commerce of about three or four million dol-
lars altogether. Last year our imports from
Australia alid New Zealand amounted to
$285,000, and our exports to $3,920,000. If
we are about to abandon the policy adopted
some ten or twelve years ago, and engage
again in subsidizing vessels upon the ocean,
we ought undoubtedly to subsidize the trade
with countries with whom we have large com-
mercial relations. From Brazil we buy coffee
and wood and a great variety of articles not
produced in this country. With Cuba we
nave a very large commerce in sugar and other
tropical productions. With all the countries
of Europe wo have an enormous commerce,
many times a hundred-fold the commerce
we can establish with Australia and New
Zealand. Willi China and Japan we have
a growing commerce, which, in my judgment,
ought to be carefully husbanded and improved
whenever occasion offers. But what motive
induces us to vote $5,000,000 to establish a
Steam line with Australia and New Zealand?
Mr. CORBETT. Five million dollars, does
the Senator say ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; $5,000,000 is
the amount appropriated by this bill. It author-
izes a contract for ten years at $500,000 a year,
and during those ten years the faith of the
nation is pledged to pay the $500,000 a year.
We not only appropriate $5,000,000, payable
$500,000 a year, but we give $500,000 for ser-
vices already rendered without law. In other
words, we give a bounty 1'or the past as well as
a promise lor the future.
Now, sir, is it wise, if we are about to enter
upon this subsidy business, to select that line
which from its connections and its nature and
our commerce upon it, cannot bo a profitable
one to us? Why is that? Australia is a vast
continent in the sea, or an island, seven thou-
sand miles from San Francisco. This line is
longer than all the American lines combined,
twofold the distance between here and Eng-
land, much longer than the line to Brazil and
Buenos Ayres. From Australia they have nav-
igation to London coming around the south
coast of Africa. We have also vessels of
various kinds carrying the great body of the
commerce that is lepresented by our Austra-
lian ships from the eastern coast around by
the coast of South America to Australia.
^Besides, Australia is a British province.
The advantages that are derived from this
lino will inure mainly to Great Britain. The
chief exploit it has accomplished is to carry
the Bri'i^h mail, to shorten the lines of com-
munication between this province of Great
Britain and the mother country. The mails
between this country and Australia are com-
paratively light. Besides, if there is any pro-
duction to be consumed in Australia, Great
Britain can sell cheaper than we can. They
are anew country; their products are raw;
their chief exports are wool and similar pro-
ducts of the farm and the mine. Gold and
wool may be said to be the chief exports of
Australia. Where will they go ? ' Where our
wool and our gold go. The price in London
fixes the value of our wool as well as it does
that of Australia. Beside that, if we wish to
get a market for wool, or if we wish to import
wool into this country, where do we go for
it? We go to London to buy our Australian
wool. The great body of the wool imported
into tljis country is from South America, the
plains of Buenos Ayres and the hills of Brazil.
That is the great wool market of our own
country aside from the domestic supply, which
is now largely increasing year by year.
It seems to me, therefore, that if this is to
be an entering-wedge of the principle of sub-
sidies that was settled adversely some twelve
or fifteen years ago, this Australian line is not
the one that should be put forward by the
friends of subsidized lines. I have tried to
reason myself into the conviction, and I think
I have pretty nearly reached the conviction
that it would be wise for us, even at the ex-
pense of $500,000 more per year, to sustain
the China line. I had rather appropriate
$5,000,000 a year to maintain ourcommerce
with China and Japau than to appropriate
$200,000 to maintain a commerce with a Brit-
ish possession, the interests of which must
necessarily be adverse to us, because Great
Britain from her superior commercial rela-
tions, from the cheapness of her labor, from
the development of her manufacturing, can
supply a new country like Australia much
cheaper than we can with all the manufactur-
ing products demanded by the people.
But in the case of China, the character of
the products is so unlike ours that we may
transport to her almost every production of
our looms, almost every production of our
workshops, almost every production of our
farms. Wo may give to them our civilization ;
we may derive from China luxuries and com-
forts for our people from the productions of
two or three hundred million busy laborers
where labor is cheap. There is a commerce
that-ia profitable to us, every part of which is
profitable to us; but the commerce of Aus-
tralia necessarily must be an unprofitable com-
merce. My honorable friend from Connec-
ticut stated it in a nutshell : they produce
nothing but what we can produce and do pro-
duce ; their wool and their gold are the staples
of the western portion of our own country, and
also, so far as wool is concerned, of nearly
every State in the Union. Their productions
come in competition with ours. The wool of
Australia comes in competition with the wools
of Ohio and the wools of all the interior
States ; but with China our trade is necessarily
an exchange of products of a different char-
acter. Therefore, if we are to enter upon the
system of subsidizing vessels, let us send a
weekly line, or if necessary even a more fre-
quent line, to China.
I have been endeavoring to find in the sta-
tistics furnished by Senators some evidences
of a growing commerce here. I do not see
where it is. It is very certain, as is stated by
the Senator from Michigan, that in 1870 our
commerce with these countries was greater
than it was in 1871. It is true, that does not
affect the argument as to the influence of this
line, _ because as this line only commenced
running in April, 1871, and our statistics and
returns only come down to June or July, 1871,
it is not fair to say that this line has had a
chance for a fair trial.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator let me
give him some statistics that are quite modern?
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume that I have
the same paper here.
Mr. NYE. This is a report of the trade of
the ports of Boston and New York during the
last six months.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care anything
about that. I have had so often occasion to
test the reports of Boards of Trade  
Mr. NYE. This is an official report from
the collectors of the ports, not from any Board
of Trade.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will hear it.
Mr. NYE. I thought so. I think as little
of Boards of Trade as the Senator does. This
is a statement of merchandise imported direct
into the ports of New York and Boston during
the six months ending April 7,1872, from Aus-
tralia and New Zealand, furnished by the col-
lectors of New York and Boston. The aggre-
gate, without going through the details, shows
the duties paid at Boston in this period to be
$125,813 92, and in New York $269,901 50,
making the aggregate of duties paid at the two
custom houses during that time on this trade
$895,715 42. It states in detail what the
SXtldcS W6T6#
Mr. SHERMAN. The great body of them
was wool, I suppose.
Mr. NYE. A good deal wool, and a large
amount gum. There are two or three facto-
ries now started to use the Australian gum.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Con-
necticut has already stated that the trade in
wool is abnormal. The supply in the Buenos
Ayres marketwas suddenly exhausted, and the
price of wool has gone up all over the world,
and therefore it is that we are now importing it.
Mr. NYE. I want to ask the Senator from
Ohio, as he is familiar with this subjcct, if the
quality of the wool produced in Australia, and
which we import from there, is not altogether
a different quality from that produced in our
own country, and whether it is not brought
here for certain purposes that our wool will
not do for?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a question which
I will refer to my honorable friend from Con-
necticut. 1 know there is quite a difference
in the grades of wool. The wools produced
in South America are unlike ours, and we
import them largely.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I would say that
Australia produces some of the finest wool in
the world, some of the best, and the London
market is the market to which manufacturers
go for the purpose of finding the choice Aus-
tralian wool, and it is brought into this coun-
try and used for the finest purposes. There
is a lower class of wool which is used to some
extent for carpeting, but not to a great, extent.
Those wools come mainly from South Amer-
ica. And now I want to ask the Senator from
Nevada a single question.
Mr. SHEBMAN. I will get through in a
moment., and then give way. I happen to
know, from another source of information, an
authority very friendly to the view of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, a statement made by a
gentleman who no doubt would be very much
in favor of this line, that from the nature of
things it was impossible to divert the wool
trade of Australia either to New York or to
San Francisco. It must necessarily and does
now go to London, and if the Senator will
hear me through he will see the logic of it.
There is now a discriminating duty against
property imported into this country from be-
yond the Cape of Good Hope of ten per cent.;
and yet in spite of that discriminating duty
against indirect importations and in favor of
direct importations from countries beyond the
Cape of Good Hope, the wool of Australia
goes to London. I inquired of this gentleman
how this came about. He appealed to the
Committee on Finance to repeal this discrim-
inating duty in order to allow them to get the
wool from Australia in the cheapest market.
That was in London, instead of being out in
Australia, although the discrimination in favor
of direct importation from Australia here was
ten per cent, as against London by our tariff
