1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4263
If the people of the United States are ready
by taxation to pat their hands in their pockets
and pay all men who have violated their
contracts, pay contiactors who, if they were
in a northern State and had violated their
contracts, would be booted out of court and
hooted out of Congress, then let us say so, and
let us say so in the spirit of liberality, which,
upon the theory that is now extant, will pro-
duce a state of universal peace and save a
great many lives I Let us buy our peace by
giving them all they ask and be done with it!
Mr. STEWART. I hope this amendment
will be adopted. Another view of the ques-
tion to which I wish to call the attention of
the Senate is this: I ask them in all fairness
if they desire to make an exception in favor
of the men who went into the rebellion and
pay them when they would not pay a man who
did not go into the rebellion under like circum-
stances?
Mr. THURMAN. What is the pertinency
of that question ?
Mr. STEWART. I will show you the per-
tinency of it. If it would not be right to do
that, it would not be right to adopt this. If a
contractor has a contract with the Post Office
Department, and he fails to comply with it, the
contract is forfeited and he is not entitled to
any back pay under the administration of the
Post Office Department. If he fails to com-
ply with his contract, the Department has au-
thority to declare it forfeited, and it is the duty
of the Department to declare it forfeited, and
that ends the contract and he cannot claim
anything under it.
But it is said these parties did not volun-
tarily abandon their contracts. It seems to
me those who voluntarily went into the rebel-
lion voluntarily abandoned their contracts.
If they had not, gone iuto the rebellion at all,
but simply refused to carry the mails, they
would not be entitled to anything. It seems
to me in the case of a man who nad a mail
contract and entered the rebellion, making it
impossible to carry oat that contract, who so
broke his contract, that he could not recover
on it, it required no act of Congress, but it
was the duty of the Department to declare the
contract forfeited and refuse to pay him any
more. If you say he could break his contract
in that way by going into the rebellion, you
say he may take advantage of his own wrong,
the wrong of treason, as the apology for break-
ing the contract, and thereby recover on the
contract., where a loyal man could not recover
in a like case if he failed to comply with his
contract.
Mr. NORWOOD. I beg to correct the Sen-
ator. The statement has been made here to
day, and 1 suppose it to be the fact, that the
Government ended the contract by stopping
the mail service in the South. It was not that
the parties refused to comply with their con
tracts.
Mr. STEWART. I had supposed that it
was the rebellion that had stopped the mail
service. The Government never would have
stopped the mail service if it had not been for
the rebellion. These persons who went into
the rebellion stopped the service, broke their
contracts, and now ask to receive pay. I s
if this is done there will be a feeling created
that will operate prejudicially against claims
that ought to be paid. . This is not a class of
claims that ought to be paid at all. A person
•who had a mail contract and went into the
rebellion, and made it impossible for him to
fulfill the contract, onghtnotto take advantage
of his own wrong and collect on that con
tract.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I modify my
proposition, and send it up as modified.
Mr. NORWOOD. I am astonished that the
Senator from Nevada should get so excited
about this small matter. •
He assumes that those who went into the
rebellion broke their contract. There is no
evidence that these contractors ever were in
the rebellion. The evidence is here, and it is
uncontradicted, that the Government itself
terminated the contracts on the 31st of May,
1861, and there was no mail service, therefore,
then to be performed by these contractors; and
yet the allegation is made by the Senator from
Nevada that these parties broke their contracts
and went into the rebellion, and now come
here and demand pay from the Government.
The fault lies at their own door if his state-
ment be true. I simply say the Senator is
laboring under a mistake in reference to the
fact, and his argument from beginning to end
is based upon a misconception of the facts in
this case. When he was upon the floor before
he was making an argument upon facts which
had been contradicted here, but which contra-
diction the Senator did not hear because he
was not in the Chamber; and now he is
making an argument upon another statement
of facts that is not correct.
These parties have never violated their con-
tracts, so far as any evidence appears to this
Senate. There is a contract between them
and the Government, and the Government
recognizes that contract to this day by having
passed to their credit upon its books such an
amount of money as due to A, B, C, and D,
contractors with the Government for the car-
rying of the mail. It may be, as the Senator
from New York says, very picturesque to see
parties coming here now and demanding pay
from this Government who were in the rebel-
lion ; but it strikes my mind as being still
more picturesque that the Government, ac-
knowledging its indebtedness by carrying the
balances to the credit of these parties upon its
books, should seek here through its Senators
to repudiate its debts ; for when you come to
the last analysis of this question it is nothing
more nor less than repudiation.
Mr. STEWART. I am not mistaken in the
fact. The Senate has voted to pay an individ-
ual who broke his own contract by entering
into the rebellion. Proof of loyalty is not
required in the amendment which has been
adopted. The very persons who went into the
rebellion, and broke their contract by treason,
are to be paid. The man who broke his con-
tract by inability to perform it through poverty
is not to be paid; but the man who broke it
by treason, by attempting to destroy the Gov-
ernment, is to be paid.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to read the first
section of the act passed Febtuary 28, 1861.
It, is short and to this effect:
" That whenever, in the opinion of the Postmaster
General, the postal service cannot, be safely contin-
ued, or the post office revenues collected, or the
postal laws maintained on any post route by reason
of any cause whatsoever, the Postmaster General is
hereby authorized to discontinue the postal service
oil !>uch route or any part thereof, and any post
offices thereon, until the same can be safely restored,
and shall report his action to Congress."
Under that section Postmaster General Blair
did terminate the contracts throughout the
South. I have that information directly from
the Postmaster General, the gentleman at
present occupying that position.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May L ask the Senator
from South Carolina whether he thinks it a
safe way of legislation for the Senate to act
upon information that one Senator goes to the
Department and gets and another goes and
gets? You cannot put a ten-dollar appropri-
ation on a river and harbor bill, by the rules,
on any such information. Why do we not
have official information on this subject?
Mr. SAWYER. I will say to my friend
from Vermont that the information of the
friends of this measure seems to be much more
accurate than the information of its entries.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is all parol testimony.
Mr. SAWYER. They proceed on the ground
that you must not pay anybody throughout the
South who at any time was implicated in the
rebellion, no matter what the conditions which
attended the contract or the service were. We
go on the theory in this proposition that the
Government made a distinct contract to do a
certain thing, to execute its part of the con-
tract when the individual had executed his
part of the contract. We show, and the books
of the Post Office Department show, that the
mail contractor in the South did perform his
part of the contract up to a certain date, that
he did perform under the direction of the
Postmaster General, that he did not suspend
the performance of the provisions of the con-
tract until the contract was terminated by the
Government itself; and now we are told that
the contract was broken by these contractors
because afterward, after the whole thing was
an accomplished fact, after all the conditions
of the contracts on the one side had been com-
pleted and performed, they went on and did
something else which was hostile to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and therefore
they shall not be paid.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can readily understand
that the Senator from South Carolina feels
especially warm aboutthis business. I suppose
his friends and constituents are those who are
interested in having this passed, and therefore
it is perfectly natural that he should stand up,
as he always does here, to defend the interests
of those who unhappily have been engaged in
a " slight unpleasantness" with their country.
Mr. SAWYER. The interests of justice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, "the interests
of justice." The interests of justice, accord-
ing to a statute of the United States which
the Senator did not read, declare that a good
many of his constituents should be hung by
the neck until they are dead. That is a stat-
ute older than the statute of 1861, which the
Senator probably has forgotten, but there is
such a statute.
Now, as I say, I can readily understand that
my friend is eager, a8 he always is, in favor of
claims of this character, whatever form they
may take. That is natural and it is right, be-
cause he represents that sort of constituency ;
but I represent a constituency who happen to
be on the other side of the controversy and
who also have taxes to pay, and they have
some feeling as to the payment of their money
upon claims of this character.
The Senator says these claims stand upon a
solid bottom. What is it? It is the Senator's
word. Upon a matter between him and me,
his word is as good as his bond, or any other
man's bond, because I know he would not
mean to misrepresent; but you cannot safely
do public business upon information thatSen-
ators privately obtain from the Departments.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President 
Mr. EDA1UNDS. I do not yield to any-
body.
Mr. HILL. I have not violated the rule
myself, and I do not think anybody else ought
to be permitted to do it. I think the Senator
is speaking twice on the same ameudment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there any rule against
speaking twice?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
rule against speaking more than twice.
Mr. COLE. More than once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope this does not
come out of my time.
Mr. HILL. I understood undertherule no
Senator was to speak more than once upon
one amendment, and then only for five
minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator has spoken
at least six times on this question.
Mr. HILL. Not on any one amendment.
There have been more than six amendments,
and I was very short at that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time
of the Senator from Vermont is now up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my time is not
up on the speech of the Senator from Georgia.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment moved by tbe
i Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pratt.]
