1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 49 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Davis of "West
Virginia, Edmunds. Gilbert, Hitchcock, Morrill of
Vermont. Osborn, and Patterson—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler, Clayton,
Cole, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, 3?erry of Miehi-
fan, Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hill, Ho-we, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Nor-
wood. Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson,
Saulsbury, faawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Viekers, West, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—49.
ABSENT-y-Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Conkliner, Cooper, Cragin, Fenton, Perry of
Connecticut. Flanagan, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye, Sprague, and Stewart—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HILL. I propose the following amend-
ment to section five, line three: strike out the
words "one Representative," and insert in
lieu thereof "two Representatives."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The effect of it
is that hereafter new States must have to enti-
tle them to admission population sufficient to
entitle them to two Representatives according
to the ratio fixed by this bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on concurring in the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole is to add
section six to the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 10; as follows:
Y14AS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Came-
ron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling, Cor-
bett,, Edmunds. Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, llarlan,
Hitchcock, Howe, Moirill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool. Ramsey,
Rice, Robertson, Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Sumner.
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Bayard, Casserly, Davis of
West Virginia, Soldtliwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hilt, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Viekers, and West—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cole, Cooper, Cragin. Davis of Ken-
tucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Kellogg, Lewis,Logan. Morton,Nye, Pratt, Sawyer,
Schurz, and Stewart—20.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This bill having now been
amended, I hope there will be no objection to
agreeing to the amendment in the fourth sec-
tion, which was disagreed to in committee,
striking out the words "and in such manner."
It certainly will not do any harm to strike them
out on the argument of my friend from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to amend the fourth section by
striking out the words '' and in such manner,''
in the eighth line.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let them go out. It can
do no harm to strike them out. We have
amended the bill now.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that amendment in
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. The bill
is now in the Senate, having come out of com-
mittee. The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I move, in the first sec-
tion, fifth line, to strike out "two hundred and
eighty-three" and insert "two hundred and
ninety," and on that motion I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas lG,nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Carpenter,
Clayton, Edmunds Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Mor-
rill .of Vermont, Osborn. Pomeroy, Rice, Sawyer,
Spencer, Sprague, and Wilson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Caldwell.
Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Colo, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Davis ef Kentucky, Davis oi West Virginia,
Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of
Maryland. Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Norwood, Pool, Ramsey,
robertson, Saulsbury. Scott, Sherman, Stevenson,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull.
i^e>r-natrnesWi11doni, and Wright—38.
AJifeliN X—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cooper, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut.
kolrlthwaite, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pratt, Schurz,
ana Stewart—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Ihe amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 49, nays 7; as follows:
1EAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Boreman,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler,
Clayton,Cole, Conkling, Corbett. Davis of West Vir-
ginia, ierry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan,
JiilJ, Hitchcock, Howe. Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riee, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Steven-
son, Stewart. Stockton, Sumner, Thurmnn, Tipton,
Trumbull, West. Wilson, Windom, and Wright—49.
NAYfe—Messrs. Edmunds, Hamilton of Maryland,
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Patterson, Sauls-
bury, and Viekers—7.
ABSENT—Mossrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Tenton,lorry of Connecticut, Elanagan, Lewis,
Logan, JVloiiill of Maine, Morton, Nyc, Pool, and
Pratt—17.
So the bill was passed.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move thatthe Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill known
as the amnesty bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was not that bill post-
poned until to-morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, if it is postponed,
I do not see how we can consider it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it willbeallowed
to come up.
Mr. WILSON". I should like to make a
suggestion to the Senator from South Carolina.
I understood that the measure he proposes to
call up was postponed to one o'clock to-mor-
row, as a special assignment, with the same
understanding that we had before, and that
was that the vote was not to be taken to-
morrow, and not before the next day. That
was the arrangement the other day, that it
should be taken up at one o'clock to-day,
but that the vote should not be taken to-day,
but on Tuesday. Now, I want it to be under-
stood that it is to be taken up to-morrow at
o"ne o'clock, but that the vote is not to be
taken until the next day.
Mr. THURMAN. All that is necessary to
do is to adjourn. Then the bill of the Senator
from South Carolina will be up to-morrow at
one o'clock. I move an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and fifty-three minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 29, 1872.
TheHouse metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. 6. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the
State of Maine, for the introduction of bills
and joint resolutions for reference to their
appropriate committees, and not to be brought
back by motions to reconsider. Under this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures are in order. The
morning hour now begins at five minutes past
twelve o'clock.
BANGOR CUSTOM-HOUSE DISTRICT.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1211) to extend the boundaries of the custom-
house district of Bangor, in the State of Maine;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
I'AHT OWSEltS OF VESSELS.
Mr. PETERS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1213) to define the rights of part owners
of vessels in certain cases ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
OFFICERS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1214) establishing the number of officers of
certain ranks in the United States Navy ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
PINE TIMBER AND LUMBER.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont, introduced a bill
(II. K. No. 1215) to admit pine timber and
lumber free ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF WAR OF 1812.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (IT. R. No.
1216) in addition to an act granting pensions
to certain soldiers and sailors of the war of
1812 and the widows of deceased soldiers j
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and War of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
CLAIMS AGAINST TIIE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1217) limitingthe time within which claims
against the Government maybe presented and
prosecuted ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
EQUALITY OF RTGIITS.
Mr. BUTLER. of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R, No. 1218) to establish equality of
rights in citizens of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on R evision of the Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL STMAM VESSELS.
Mr. BANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1219) to authorize the construction of ten or
more steam vessels of war, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PROTECTION OF TIIE FISHERIES.
Mr. BANKS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1220) in relation to the farther protection
of the American fisheries, and in relation to
the navigation and commercial interests of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
OWNERS OF SHIP JOHN CARTER.
Mr. BANKS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1221) for the relief of Oliver Moses and
others, owners of the ship John Carver ; which
was read a first and second time, referred,
with the accompanying papers, to the Commit-
tee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF THAMES RIVER.
Mr. STARKWEATHER introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1222) for the improvement of the
Thames river. Connecticut; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF NORWALI1 HARBOR.
Mr. STARKWEATHER also introduced a
bill (H. R. No, 1223) for the improvement of
the harbor of Norwalk, Connecticut; which
was read a first, and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
.MOUTH OF CONNECTICUT KIYER.
Mr. STRONG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1224) for the improvement of navigation at the
