2472
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
winter; and now, when that committee report
the bill, we are met by the honorable Senator
from Vermont with a motion to refer it to the
Committee on Commerce.
Well, sir, it got a quick reference to that
committee, and the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce reported at once that it was
all wrong; that there was no commerce in
Australia; that everything had come wrong
end first because the bill did not come from
the Committee on Commerce. There is not
a member of that Committee on Commerce
who is not as familiar with this whole subject
as the committee who have just examined it.
I ask the honorable Senator from Ohio, who
comes here now ready to do anything but the
thing we want, as he always does, in this droop-
i'ng condition of commerce, when this commit-
tee stand charged from the position they hold
in the Senate of the United States to put forth
some plan, some project, by which-our com-
merce could be strengthened and increased,
why have they slumbered so long over the
wrongs of our country, and why have they
not born something to take the place of this?
My friend from Vermont would have sat still
until doomsday if he had not heard the word
" subsidy" used before he would have moved
to refer it to any other committee, and if it
had come from the Committee on Commerce,
he would have moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, because
it was a great mail-carrying route.
Mr. President, the question is upon this Sen-
ate; it is here now, and no sort of quibbling
will do. Suppose the measure has come from
the wrong source; it is here in all its propor-
tions, and the American Senate has got to
meet it as it stands. What should we gain by
transferring it to the Committee on Commerce ?
My friend from Michigan at once showed them
he would be a dry-nurse for this measure, lie
was ready to report at once upon it. lie had
his report all made up, for 110 sooner had the
Senator from Vermont made the proposition
than instanter lie made the report. lie said it
was all nonsense; it was good for nothing;
and he held an old report in his hand that
was made in 180!) to show that the commerce
of these countries amounted to nothing.
Why, Mr. President, what does this word
"subsidy" mean? What does the term im-
ply? 1 ask the honorable Senator from Ohio.
Do you want to fatten an animal that is lit to
kill? No, sir. Does the farmer act iti that
way? No. He feeds the poor; he nurses his
calves, not his big oxen. The word " subsidy "
carries with it the implication that they are
weak and want to be strengthened ; that liiey
are unable to grapple with the immediate dif-
ficulties that surround them, and that they
hope by a little aid to be able to master, not
only for themselves, but for the honor of this
country, a commerce worthy of it.
My honorable friend from Ohio alludes to
the occasion when Congress ceased to grant
subsidies. I recollect well the history of that
Collins line. It was conducted most extrava-
gantly, aud, as the world says now, foolishly.
It failed because its guardians did not guard
the appropriations and the subsidies so as to
command them and their application to the
purpose for which they were intended. That
is where the American Congress, in my judg-
ment, made its first great mistake in our com-
merce. At that time, when that line in its
infancy was quivering between life and death,
when its pulsations weakened, they ought to
have strengthened it. England acted upon that
theory, and she drove the Collins line off the
Atlantic ocean. Had this country then stood
firm by that line, and stood firm by the system
of proper subsidies to enable our vessels to
cope with their rivals, England's flag would
not be floating to-day alone over your Atlantic
ports. There is where the mistake lay. There is
where the want of meeting this important aues-
tion is clearly seen. Congress did not have the
nerve to do it, or did not have the disposition.
You have seen the effect of the opposite
policy. England has subsidized, and to-day
her flag rides triumphantly on every sea and
ours is not seen. It is in vain for the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, or ray venerable
friend from Connecticut, to give me a theory
when I know that practice, and I have seen it
demonstrated, is the other way. You say Eng-
land has pursued the system of subsidizing.
What is the result? To-day we have not a
mail that goes under our own flag to England.
She has subsidized, and I ask again what is
the result ? Go to Liverpool, and see her five
miles of the most magnificent work the world
ever produced, the' Liverpool docks; and
American commerce has done that. Our
fields, our workshops, our labor helped to
build those docks, but that commerce had not
the honor to be carried under our flag.
The honorable Senator from Ohio says, why
it is seven thousand miles from San Francisco
to Australia. It is fully that; and it is ten
thousand miles from Australia to London, and
you lmve got to go that extra three thousand
miles aud back again, making six thousand
miles, to get the material here that we want.
Now, sir, what logic is there in that? My
friend from Connecticut tells us that London
is the great wool center. I propose to help
break it up. I do not know why we should
transport tbis long wool that we want six thou-
sand miles out of its way to accommodate
London.
We are told that the seat of the -money
transactions of the world is London, but let
me tell my honorable friend from Connecticut
and my honorable friends from everywhere
that the next move of the moneyed center wiil
be to the city of New York. Everything shows
it. Every time it has moved it has moved
westward. Put it in New York and you can-
not change the decreS without throwing the
world out of center. I expect to see New
York the money center of the world, but 1 do
not expect to see it unless the citizens of this
country take hold and give a helping hand. 1
am not content, like the honorable Senator
from Connecticut, to sit down and say it is set-
tled for all time to come that Loudon is to be
the wool center of the world. I am not con-
tent, with the growing prosperity of this coun-
try, to admit the fact by any means that Lon-
don is to be the moneyed center of the world.
Open these channels of commerce to China
and Australia, and you make this country the
moneyed center, and my honorable friend
from Connecticut will have 110 more to buy
bills of credit upon London to purchase wool
in Australia; his bills of credit upon his own
house will be as good as bills of credit upon
Baring Brothers or Brown Brothers in Lon
don. 1 want to see that, but it cannot be done
unless the American people rise up and help
accomplish it.
Seven thousand miles from San Francisco
to Australia, says the distinguished Senator
from Ohio. Why, sir, suppose it was seven-
teen thousand ; whose flag should be there
before ours? By what right is be to bound
the distance that the American flag shall be
borne upon the sea? Who has commissioned
him to say that if any country is over six thou-
sand miles distant American ships shall not
go there?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the American
flag will go wherever it will pay to carry it?
The American eagle flies everywhere.
Mr. NYE. That is what ails the Senator
from Ohio. He is always on a dead-level cal-
culation for immediate pay. [Laughter.] I
am glad that his committee does not consist
of any more than it does, for it gets them all
in that habit; nothing but dead pay and a lit-
tle security of a dollar and a half for a dollar
before you get it. [Laughter.] Other nations ]
take some chances in their commerce ; but my
friend from Ohio says "N6, never one cent !
until you demonstrate that it will pay." ]
Sir, 1 repeat that is at war with the theory |
of subsidies. We want aid to convince the
world that it will pay. Wrhy not help us a
little ? When it gets so that the British flag
bears everything under it, and British decks
cover everything from Australia to San Fran-
cisco, then it is demonstrated that it will pay;
when we can build ships as cheap as they can,
it is demonstrated that it will pay, according
to the theory of the Senator from Ohio. But
when will that time come? Never. You see
the fruit, but have not the courage to pluck it.
You see the opening portals of commerce, but
are too cowardly to enter. You see what is
coming m the future, but my friend from
Ohio says, let the British flag determine it first.
I say, 110; let the American flag establish its
own commerce, and let the American people
help demonstrate that it is able to carry it
wherever it may be.
This question of subsidies has been here for
some time, and I have always noticed when-
ever it is attempted to be brought forward my
friend from Ohio says, "It is not quite the
time yet." It reminds me of an old specimen
of cookery, where we used to set the cakes that
were to be fried in a corner in a pan over night,
and it got cold and raised the other way.
[Laughter.] So it is with his ideas of com-
merce. He is always a little further off. The
time is not quite ripe yet. When we propose
to build American ships with drawbacks, that
hurts the tariff; stop there; do not give a
drawback. And now he talks about the time
coining when he will resurrect with a magical
touch the commerce of the United States.
No, Mr. President, it has got to resurrect itself
with bare Government aid, with a bare right
to fall back upon this country for what consti-
tutes its greatness.
Now, sir, I hold in my hands some figures
which will show how little the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio sees this opening promise, as
well as my friend from Michigan, who was
ready in an instant to report on this question,
aud who read from an old 1809 report, when
ships at Australia were as scarce as owls'
gizzards, to prove that but $28,000 was re-
ceived as duties on imports from these coun-
tries. I want the Senate to mark that—
$28,000. He read it with an air of triumph.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is it wrong?
Mr. NYE. No; it is probably correct.
But see, my brother Senators, what magical
power this single-handed effort to open thai
commerce has demonstrated. I have here a
statement from two of the custom-houses of
the country, showing that witlxin the last six
months there has been received from this
commerce $395,715 42 in gold. In this state-
ment the San Francisco custom-house is not
included. Safely can I say that within the
last six months it has paid more than five hun-
dred thousand dollars in gold into the coffers
of the nation. I repeat, how magical was the
influence of this line when from $28,000 of
duties in 1869 it stands forth to-day, though
that ship has not four times made her round,
an income of more than half a million dollars
paid into the coffers of the nation.
Mr. Presjdent, there is more in this question
of subsidy than appears in the mere amount.
What is it ? It is an evidence to Anstialia
and the countries where this line touches on
its transit that the Government of the United
States is standing behind this enterprise. It
gives it permanence; it gives it credit; it
gives it business ; it gives it life. That is
what a subsidy does. I repeat, the mere
money that you give is the least part of it;
but the people there will say, "There is a
national line of steamers established, and it
will stand;" and business arrangements wiil
be made accordingly.
The honorable Senator from Ohio seems to
derive consolation from the lact that Australia
is a colony. Well, sir, it is a colony, almost
as large as this one. We used to be colonies
of Great Britain, I understand. We are not
now. Australia may be acolopy of the British
