1576
THE COltfGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
•to know what laws are passed, it would take
at least six months and sometimes a year
before we should get the laws in a convenient
form.
■ Then again, it is only the general laws that
there is any provision for having published now
in the newspapers. Last year we settled this
matter in committee that we would not publish
the special acts, those that were merely of a
private nature, but would publish such as were
of general application, that everybody wants
to know about, and we have provided that they
shall be published.
Now the Coramitteeon Appropriations come
in on an appropriation bill and propose to re-
pea] that law and get rid of the appropriation.
The fact is, there is no appropriation in the
bill, and they thought they would dodge the
question of appropriation by repealing the
law.
The Senator from California comes in and
says, "If you do not repeal the law you will
have to make au appropriation." Of course ;
and so we shall have to make an appropria-
tion to carry out every other existing law. It
is the duty of the Committee on Appropria-
tions to report those appropriations that are
necessary to carry out existing laws. That is
the very object of the Committee on Appro-
priations. They are to see that what is re-
quired by the law is put into the appropriation
bills. Now the committee come in, and with-
out making any appropriation on this subject,
simply propose to repeal the law.
I submit to the Senate, without at this late
hour going into the subject in detail as we did
in Committee of the Whole, that this is a
vicious way to legislate; that the thing in
itself is a wrong thing ro do. We ought to
publish the laws; the people ought to have
them; and we ought to pay for the publica-
tion the reasonable price we have been in
the habit of paying.
Mr. COLtS. The Senator from Kansas is
surprised that this matter should have been
brought up again. He remembers distinctly,
I have no doubt, that there was an agreement
when we were in Committee of the Whole
that this amendment should be reserved, and
that we should take a vote upon it as a new
proposition when the bill should be reported
to the Senate, and that is what we are doing
now. The Senator certainly, therefore, has
no ground of surprise or complaint that we
are asked to take a vote upon it.
One word further. Inquiry lias been made
as to how much appropriation will be required
if this amendment is not adopted. I have in
my hands a letter signed by the Secretary of
State, Mr. Fish, to the effect that it will be
necessary to make an appropriation of $72,000
to pay for these publications if the amendment
now proposed is not adopted. The House, it
seems, neglected to put on the amendment
that, is now proposed, it being their intention
not to make the appropriation, but to repeal
the law so far as it required the appropriation,
and I have been applied to by members of
the Committee on Appropriations of the
House to put it on here, they stating that it
was an inadvertence on their part that it was
not incorporated in the bill before it was sent
here. I hope we shall now have a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only desire to say one
word. This appropriation for the publication
of the laws in newspapers is a mere pension to
sickly newspapers. That is all it amounts to.
The publication is of no sort of use to the pub-
lic, in my judgment. The people do not read
these statutes ; that is, the masses of the peo-
ple. They do not affect the general interests
of the masses of the people, and the little that
is read out in Kansas relates to some Indian
tribe or something there, and is published in
their newspapers there and telegraphed long
before they, get the official report of it. Be-
sides, we publish a large edition of these laws
and distribute them all over the country every
session. I repeat, this is a mere pension to
certain sickly newspapers that cannot live
without it. I hope the Senate will adopt the
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to say but a
word. I shall not detain the Senate. It is
no use fighting against the general judgment
of the Senate. My opinion is that there is
po money the Government spends that is more
completely thrown away than this for printing
the general laws in the newspapers. All the
laws that are of any sort of public interest are
not only published in the newspapers when
they are passed, but the progress of the laws
is kept before the people in the newspapers.
The people through their newspapers know
when the law is introduced, when it is amended,
and what is done with it, and how it is disposed
of.
Mr. POMEROY. That is more than the
Senate know; Senators themselves do not know
that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the man of my
acquaintance who knows the most of the pro-
ceedings of this body lives on Block Island,
where there is mail communication but once a
week ; and he is the only man I know of that
roads the Globe. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. Where is Block Island ?
Mr. ANTHONY. It is an island; so it
cannot be in Kansas. [Laughter.] Itistrue
we do not get very well posted in regard to all
of the laws, but the people who care anything
about them have the information in their tele-
graphic reports every morning. 1 am not
going to waste the time of the Senate m dis-
cussing this subject. I have given my opinion
upon it whenever it has been before the Sen-
ate.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion for a moment.
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The argument against the
publication of the laws I think would be a
pretty good argument against newspapers alto-
gether. It would be better if the laws could
be published in all the newspapers, and thus
placed before the great body of the people,
but that is impossible. Then it is better to
publish them in two newspapers than to pub-
lish them in none. It affords the people of a
State the means of getting the laws if they
have the curiosity to do so by sending to the
newspaper offices and getting any particular
law they want. In that way there is a general
knowledge of tho laws diffused, which would
not be the case if they were sent out only by
bound volumes from here as they are called for.
If you dispense with the publication of the
laws in the newspapers, then the publication
in bound volumes for distribution ought to be
greatly increased ; so that there will be very
little saving in expense.
There was a certain lawgiver of antiquity
who became infamous in all history because
he had the laws engraved upon tablets and
placed so high that the people could not read
them. They were bound by the laws, but had
no opportunity of seeing what they were.
Mr. COLE. Those were the laws of one
of the most infamous of the Roman emperors,
not the benign laws of the United States.
Mr. MORTON. I take it the objection to
the system of that infamous Roman emperor
is good everywhere and in regard to all laws.
It seems to me the publication in two news-
papers in a State is a small enough publication
of the laws. I think the cost of the publica-
tion is not very important compared with the
importance of giving the people some means
of knowing what the laws are. I shall vote
against this amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I renew my motion to
lay the amendment on the table.
Mr. CASSERLY. On that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 22; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Cor-
bett, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen,
Harlan, Hitchcock. Morton, Nye, Osborn, I'onicroy,
Ramsey, Rice, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, West,
Wilson, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Clayton, Cole, Cooper, Duvis of West Virginia,
Edmunds, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Pratt,
Scott, Stevenson, Stockton, Tipton, Ti'umbull, and
Windom—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter, Ohand] fr, Conkling,
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill,
Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, .Norwood,
Patterson, Pool, Robertson, Saulabury, Sawyer,
Schuns, Stewart, Sumner, Thurman. and Vick-
ers—30.
So the Senate refused to lay the amendment
on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I made the motion to
lay on the table because I thought it would
be an easy way to dispose of the discussion
of this matter. There are several reasons
why this amendment should not prevail which
have not yet been given at all, and I suppose
this is a good time to give them. The only
reason I moved to lay on the table was that I
thought the Senate was tired of the discussion.
Mr. COLE. The Senator is right in that.
The Senate is tired of the discussion.
Mr. POMEROY. I think when it is under-
stood by the Senate that this is an innovation
on the established policy of the Government,
when they come to understand that it is against
an agreement and compromise that was en-
tered into last year, they will fail to change the
law as it now is. The idea that this Govern-
ment cannot afford to pay for the publishing
of the general laws in two papers in a State is
a preposterous and ridiculous idea. Further
than that, it cannot be the case, as has beep
argued by the Senator from Illinois, that there
is no utility in it. The people are anxious to
know what laws Congress are enacting.
Our people are not indifferent to the laws.
There is no people on the earth that reverence
law as the American people. We bow before
the majesty of the law Law is the only power
that we acknowledge in this Government, and
the people are only too glad to know the law.
We have our conflicts at elections; the people
are terribly excited sometimes; but when the
law comes in and declares such a man to be
elected, we bow before it. The law is the end
of controversy in this country, and the people
want to know it. Our constituents are only
waiting day by day to see what laws we are
passing. Many of them care very little about
our discussions. We can have a discussion
about arms here for two or three weeks; we
can have a personal discussion about ourselves,
and the people care nothing about it; but
when we go to the people, they want to know
what we have done ; not so much what we
have said, not so much what speeches have
been made, but what acts have been performed,
what has gone on to the statutes, what old laws
have been repealed, and what new ones have
been enacted.
Now, suppose they want to inquire in regard
to this very matter, they may take up the
statutes when you get through with this ses-
sion, and they cannot find where this law was
repealed if this amendment should pass. There
will be no index to show that it was repealed
at all. You may get the volume of laws of
this session, if this amendment shall be enacted,
and there will be nothing to show that this law
was repealed, and why"? It will be a clause
stuck in the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill, where nobody would think
of looking for it. I remember that several
years ago we had up in the Senate a bill in
reference to the internal revenue of the coun-
try. It was a bill to reorganize the internal
revenue department, and on that bill there
