1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1577
was put a section not appearing in its title,
not contained in the original bill, but there
was slipped into that bill a section distribut-
ing the banking capital of the country among
the States in a certain way.
When I was asked if we had passed any such
law, I said no, I did not remember the passage
of any such law. I think it was amonlh be-
fore we could find that that was the law. The
people of my Stale complained that they did not
get their share of banking capital and that we
had passed a law which apportioned it, among
the States in such a way that they could not
get it. No, said I, we did not pass any such
law ; but after awhile it was found out that in
a statute from the title of which you could
draw 110 such conclusion (and there was noth-
ing about it in the index) there was such a
section, and the southern States and the west-
ern States under that provision lost a large
amount of banking capital which' they were
clamorous to have, and which they ought to
have had.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. _ I would sug-
gest to my friend whether it is not the fact
that the laws published in the pamphlets are
not issued until three or four months after
we adjourn?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are issued within
five days. They are printed up now.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But those print-
ed for distribution are not priuted until two or
three months after the session.
Mr. POMEROY. I have never been able
to get mine until I came here the next session,
whether the recess or vacation was long or
short; if other Senators have been more for-
tunate, it is their good fortune.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
roe to ask him a question? I want to know
how long it is before these laws appear in the
newspapers. I remember some papers being
exhibited here when we had a discussion of
this subject before, showing it was six months
or nearly a year before they were published
in the papers.
Mr. POMEROY. I can answer the Sena-
tor pretty well about that, because my atten-
tion has been called to it. The laws of this
session are published up to last week. We
have commenced it on this session already,
and an act that was passed last week is
printed in the newspapers that publish the
general laws.
Mr. BOitEMAN. I will say to the Senator
that I want to vote for this motion, but 1 do
not want to stay here.
Mr. POMEROY. I will yield to a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. BOREMAN. I make a motion to
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the. Sen-
ator from Kansas yield for that purpose ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 17, noes 23.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not intend to pro-
long any discussion on this subject, or to make
a long speech. I never do that, and I do not
want to do it now. 1 never intend to speak
on any question that is not before the Senate;
and I am only speaking now directly to the
point that is in this amendment; so that I
hope no Senator will think I intend to occupy
any unnecessary time.
I am sincerely in earnest on this question,
believing that it is a measure which we ought
not to adopt. I am only speaking in the interest
of the people that I represent here in part,
and I think I represent fairly the rural dis-
tricts of the whole country. I do not know
but that in the cities, in New York, Washing-
ton, Philadelphia, and the large centers of
business and influence, and intelligence and
commerce, the people know the laws, and do
not read them if they are published. I know
very well they do not obey them.
There are several reasons why they should
know them better than they do, and if it would
enforce obedience to the laws any better, I
think certainly they ought to be published
even in those cities. But I know that in re-
mote districts of this country, in Oregon, in
California, and in the mining districts, this is a
matter of great importance. I have had sev-
eral letters within the last few days urging me
not to give uf> the idea of publishing the laws
in the newspapers, because the people want
them. They want to see what new law Con-
gress has enacted; and this dispensing with it
this year for the first time in the history of the
country is open to grave suspicion. It tells
the people of the country that we are about
to do something that we do not mean to have
published until after election. It is open to
all sorts of suspicion. It has got the foulest
look upon it of anything we have done at this
session. It does seem to me that Senators
want to do something this session and not
publish it, and keep it out of the newspapers
for fear it will have some bad effect on the
election.
I am confident that this is a measure which
we ought not to adopt, because we ought not
only to have all the investigations that are
called for, but we ought to put into the papers
every act that we do. If we pass a law of
any kind we ought to be willing to meet it. I
do not believe in this dodging around a statute
until after election. We ought to be willing
to face the music of the statute, as it may
appear in the newspapers, and read all the
comments of the editors upon it.
Mr. COLE. 1 should like to ask my friend
a question. Would it not be as well to wait
till we pass some lav/ before we provide for the
publication ofit? [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. It' we pass no laws we
do not need to provide for the publication;
but if you keep an appropriation bill before
the Senate week after week, and if you put a
repeal of all the obnoxious statutes in that
appropriation bill, I should like to know
when you will pass the appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question? I do not want to take up time but
I should like to ask the Senator whether the
very law that authorizes this publication in
the newspapers is not itself in an appropria-
tion bill?
Mr. WEST. May I ask the Senator from
Kansas to yield to me a moment?
Mr. POMEROY. 1 will answer the Sena-
tor from Vermont if I am allowed to proceed.
Mr. WEST. There are several matters in
connection with the appropriation bill to be
yet considered; there is one matter that my
colleague has urged; and I am satisfied we
cannot come to a conclusion to-night. I
ask the Senator from Kansas to yield to me
that I may make a motion to adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WEST. I make the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment. I will
give him an opportunity of renewing it if he
desires.
Mr. WEST. I withdraw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 trust the Senate will
not adjourn until we finish this bill. I wish
simply to present a little record that I have
prepared at my desk, and I do it at this late
hour of the evening because I suppose it is
one of those things that nobody will know
anything about. [Laughter.] It is one of
the laws that my friend from Kansas seems to
fear will never be published.
The Senate spent three weeks in the early
portion of the session in debating a resolution
to appoint a committee of investigation. They
spent three weeks in defeating an amnesty bill.
They spent three weeks on a resolution for the
investigation of the sale of arms. No con-
tested bill has been passed this session in the
Senate with the probable exception of the
apportionment bill, but that was scarcely con-
tested. No important bill has been passed.
Neither tax, tariff, amnesty, nor appropriation
bill has been passed. The only thing that has
passed is a resolution providing for a day of
adjournment. On the other hand, the House
of Representatives without debate provided
for both the investigations we have provided
for, and for others beside. A railroad bill
has passed the Senate, I am told.
Mr. KELLOGG. For Wisconsin.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House have passed
eight appropriation bills, I have been informed
by a member of the House to-day, all but one
of the general appropriation bills, and they
have passed an amnesty bill and a tariff bill
and are nearly ready to propose a revenue
bill. They hold our resolution to provide for
an adjournment until we get through our de-
bates. I hope that under these circumstances
we shall pass this bill to-night, the first of the
appropriation bills we have been acting upon
in the Senate, and get it oat of the way, and
then go on with the regular business of the
session hereafter.
I trust the Senate will pardon me for taking
so much of its time against the motion to
adjourn. My friend from Louisiana has kindly
withdrawn the motion.
Mr. WEST. No, sir; I yielded to theSen-
ator for a moment to give him an opportunity
to make a speech.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust we shall finish
this bill to-night and go on to-morrow with
other important bills that are pending.
Mr. WEST. I renew the motion that the
Senate adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 16. noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is a quorum here.
I ask the President to count the Senate and
see if there is not a quorum here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Chair will count
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The quickest way is to
call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is that the Senate adjourn, upon which the
yeas and nays are called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 20, nays 18 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman.C'asserly, Coop-
er, Corbett, Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of
Maryland, Harlan, Hitchcock, Johnston. Kellogg.
Kelly. Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Spencer,
Stockton, Tipton,andWest—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Clay-
ton, Cole, Edmunds, Perry of Michigan,. Flana-
gan, Krelinghuysen, Ramsey, Scott, Sherman,
Sprague, Stevenson, Trumbull, Wilson, Wmdom,
and Wright—18. . . -n , t> ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn,Blair,Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Conklmg.
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Penton, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas.
Hamlin. Hill, Howe, Lewi,-, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Veruiont.Jforwood.Fatterson.Pool, Pratt,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Stew-
art, Sumner, Thurman, and Vickers—35.
So the motion was agreed to; and (at six
o'clock and eight minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 11, 1872.
Tlie Ilouse met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. 1>.
The Journal of Friday last was read ana
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business iu order during the morning hour
is the calling of the States and Territories^ for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
