1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4265
continued to discharge the duties under the
confederate government. Such persons cer-
tainly are not entitled to pay from the time
that they contracted with the government of
the confederate States to carry the mails. Up
to that time, or up to the Slat of May, 1861, the
time the Postmaster General declared the con-
tracts to be at an end, they were entitled to
pay, and the amount was transferred to their
credit here upon the books.
Now, I will say to the honorable Senator
from Vermont that the confederate govern-
ment demanded of the citizen that he should
receive confederate money in payment of his
debts from all sources, and I will say to the
honorable Senator another thing, that I have
known men to go to prison rather than
comply with the exactions of that law. The
confederate government went forward to con-
fiscate-the claims in favor of northern cred-
itors that were in the hands of lawyers, and I
■will say to the honorable Senator that I know
instances, and I can cite him to an instance
here in this Senate Chamber, where the lawyer
refused to give up the claims that belonged to
northern creditors, and held those claims in
defiance of the order of the court, who after-
ward collected them and they were paid over
to the creditors in the North, he holding that
the confederate government had no power to
transfer the allegiance and no power to change
the contract that existed at the time the war
broke out.
These contractors were citizens of the United
States, and they were not in rebellion against
the Government. They were under the pro-
tection of the Government of the United States
and under a contract with the Government to
carry and deliver the mails, they did carry
and did deliver them, and the amount was
carried to their credit and stands to their
credit now on the books. This is all that is now
asked by these people. Whatever they may
have received afier they entered into contract
with the confederate government, or accepted
a contract under the confederate government,
I am as far from recognizing as a debt against
this Government as any Senator on this floor,
and I would not vote to pay it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina to the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator from
South Carolina will change his amendment a
little. If his amendment prevails, the proviso
will be precisely in the form in which it came
from the House, and that does not appear to
be satisfactory. I suggest to him to insert
instead of the word "promised," which he
moves to strike out, the words " or agreed to be
received," so that a mere promise shall not
bind the contractors, and then insert after the
word "source" the words "other than the
United States;" so that the amendment will
read:
That before any payment shall be made under
this act satisfactory evidence shall be furnished that
no compensation has been received from any source
other than the United States.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to
that, and I accept that modification.
Mr. HILL. I wish to make simply one
remark. Under all these propositions a neg-
ative tact is required to be proved, and I shall
offer at the proper time the substance of the
same thing in this shape:
That no payment shall be made under this act
unless it shall be satisfactorily proven that compen-
sation has not been received for such service or
contracted for with any authority other than the
United States.
That puts it in ashape when the Government
itself or the Department must show that the
contractor has received something or did con-
tract somewhere, and not put it upon him to
prove a negative that he did not, for that it is
impossible in most cases to prove by anything
except his own oath.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest
that the word " act" be changed to the word
"section," for under either proposition I sup-
pose it is not intended to apply this provision
to the whole act. It is merely to this section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will call the roll on the amendment to the
amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper,Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, John-
ston. Kellogg, Kelly, Norwood, Pool, Ransom, Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbary, Sawyer. Stevenson, Steckton,
Thurman. Vickers, and West—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Colo, Conkling, Cragin, Edmunds, Frelinghuysen,
Harlan, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Pomeroy, Pratt. Ramsey, Scott, Sherman,
Stewart, and Sumner—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Corbett,
Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin,
Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan, Morton. Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Schurz, Spencer, Snrague, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to offer a further
amendment. It is to add the following:
And provided, further. That in no case shall pay-
ment be made for carrying the mail upon any route
after the date when the postmasters on such route
shall have ceased to report the regular departures
and arrivals thereon to the Post Office Department.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator wish
to speak on that amendment?
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at present.
Mr. THURMAN. That is an attempt to
make the contractor responsible for the omis-
sion of the postmasters, when there is no con-
nection whatever between them.
Now, I wish to make a showing to the Sen-
ate and correct one mistake into which my
colleague and the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] fell. First, I wish to call attention
to the fact that the act read by the Senator
from South Carolina on my right [Mr. Saw-
yer] which authorized the Postmaster Gen-
eral to discontinue the mail service in the
South where it could not any longer be prose-
cuted with safety, which was put through the
Senate by my predecessor in this body, passed
this body by a vote of 34 to 12; but before it
passed an amendment was offered • making it
obligatory upon the Postmaster General to
discontinue at once the mail service in every
State that had seceded, and that was made a
test question. The motion was made to amend
the bill so as to make it obligatory upon him
to discontinue at once the mail service in any
State that had seceded, instead of making it
as the bill of Mr. Wade provided, that he
should discontinue when, in his judgment, the
mails could not any longer be carried with
safety. What was the vote on that proposition
which made it absolutely obligatory upon him
to discontinue the mail service at once? There
were but nine Senators who voted for it, and
thirty-eight voted against it, and of the nine
who voted for it seven were secessionists, who
advocated it upon the ground that those States
had gone out of the Union. But the men in
the Senate who insisted that they were not out
of the Union, to a man voted against that
proposition, and voted for the bill as it passed,
leaving it within the discretion and judgmeut
of the Postmaster General when the mails
should be discontinued. So that the Senate
and the House of Representatives both posi-
tively refused to discontinue the mails, and
required them to be carried under these con-
tracts until the Postmaster General found they
could not be carried with safety any longer.
So much for that. Now for the other mat-
ter. My colleague was under the impression
that in the constitution of the confederate
States there was a provision that assumed the
debt to these mail contractors. There is noth-
ing of the kind in that constitution according
to my looking over it,_ and I have done so
within the last five minutes. If there is, it
has entirely escaped my observation, and- I
think I am not mistaken. The only debt that
is assumed in that confederate States consti-
tution is the debt of the provisional govern-
ment of the rebel States. There is not a par-
ticle of assumption of the claims which are
now under consideration.
Mr. COLE. Three hours, I think, are
enough at this stage of the session to devote
to one proposition in an appropriation bill. I
move to lay this bill on the table, with a view
of proceeding to another appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The, ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, that this bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. COLE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am paired with the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
on the question of the payment of these mail
contractors, and I suppose that pair will apply
to this motion to lay the bill on the table. I
therefore simply announce that I should vote
against this motion, and if he were here I pre-
sume the Senator from Massachusetts would
vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anth ony, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cragin. Edmunds, Fre-
linghuysen, Harlan, Hitchcock, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott,
Sherman, and Stewart—19. .
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn. Bayard, Blair, Casserly.
Cooper. Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Maryland. Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston,
Kellogg, Kelly, Norwood, Pool, Ransom, Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Sprague,
Thurman. Trumbull. Vickers, and West—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Caldwell.
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Mich-
igan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Howe, Lewis,
Logan, Morton, Nye. Osborn, Patterson. Spencer,
Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Wilson, Wm-
dom. and Wright—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not spoken to
this amendment, and I only rise to read an
extract from the constitution of the rebel con-
federacy which my colleague has been kind
enough to furnish me. This constitution was
adopted at Montgomery, Alabama, March 11,
1861, and, unlike our own constitution, took
effect immediately with a rebel congress then
in session. It provides:
" When five States shall have ratified this consti-
tution in the manner before specified, the congress,
under the provisional constitution, ehall_ prescribe
the time for holding the election of president and
vice president, and for the meeting of the electoral
college, and for counting the votes and inaugurating
the president. They shall also prescribe the time
for holding the first election of members of con-
gress under this constitution, and the time for as-
sembling the same. Until the assembling of sueh
congress, the congress under the provisional con-
stitution shall continue to exercise the legislative
powers granted them."
So that this constitution took effect on the
11th of March, 1861, with a congress then in
session with full legislative power.
It provides further that—
"All debts contracted and engagements entered
into befoie the adoption of this constitution shall
be as valid against tho confederate States under this
constitution as under the provisional government.
That extended the adoption of the constitu-
tion practically back to the 11th of February,
1861, when the provisional government met
at Montgomery. It also declares that—
" This constitution, and the laws of the confeder-
ate States made in pursuance thereof, and all trea-
ties made or which shall be made under the authority
of the confederate States, shall be the supreme law
of the land, and the judges in every State shall be
bound thereby, anything in the constitution or laws
of any State to the contrary notwithstanding.
So that on the 11th of March, 1861, this
constitution was declared to be the supreme
law of the land.
Mi-. SAWYER. It was not ratified then.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, it took effect
without ratification. No ratification was neees*
