1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2WS
Government to-day, but she may not be to-
morrow. They are getting a mighty people in
Australia. The branches are longer than the
roots of old England's tree, and the branches
will break off. Her roots are already in the
salt water surrounding her own little island,
while ours are reaching out to the verge of our
continent, and Australia will be a country of
her own soon. While we yet talk perhaps
the thing is in motion. Australia, with a ter-
ritory almost as large as our own, it seems to
me furnishes a sufficiently inviting field of
commerce for us to try and have one little line
of steamships there, to show that we are will-
ing to do something to make our commerce
permanent there.
I have naught to say against the proposition
to increase the subsidy to the China line. I
am glad to see that my friend has woke up to
that; but well do I remember when that propo-
sition was made it met with his sternest oppo-
sition. But, sir, it has demonstrated itself 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, he is mistaken if he is referring to me
about the China line.
Mr. NYE. I thought you opposed it.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, I voted
for it.
Mr. NYE. I wish the honorable Senator
would have another lucid interval. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. The China line was the
only subsidy I ever voted for, and I would do
that again, because I considered the circum-
stances peculiar.
Mr. NYE. If we can only get you a little
accustomed to it you will do better after
awhile. I congratulate the country that you
have taken one step. But the Senator will
acknowledge that the subsequent advantages
derived from that line have more than justified
his judgment. There is a demonstration.
He is willing to do more, and I shall do more
for that line if I can by my vote, because I
believe it is establishing a line that will tend
to the present and future glory and prosperity
of this country. But, sir, commerce is not a
thing that grows itself. The world has strug-
gled for it ever since ships were built. That
struggle is going on now. Owing to whatever
circumstances, whether it be the fact that the
honorable Senator states, that our ships went
under the British flag or not, they are British
ships now. He claims that it was cowardly in
us not to let them back. I am not here to
discuss that policy ; but to the man who at the
time of our trouble and war sought refuge
under the British flag, I would say, as he made
his nest so let him sleep in it; and if he pre-
fers the lion to the stars and stripes, let him
keep the lion.
You see, Mr. President-, that these figures
demonstrate that within the last six months
the subsidy of which we speak has been more
than paid back into the coifers of the Gov-
ernment. Now, what objection can there be
to that? I ask Senators if we can make
that thing self-sustaining by the simple in
crease that it pays into your custom houses,
whether it is not a matter of sound national
economy, and whether it is not worth the
cost to make the experiment of establishing
one permanent line of American steamships?
Who is harmed? It comes in with one hand;
it goes out perhaps in part with the other;
but where is the man who would not take that
risk in managing his own business if he was
called upon to act, as the Government now is.
I believe I have said about all that I desire
to say. 1 hope the time will come when we
shall all agree; when my honorable friend
from Connecticut will yield the idea that Lou-
don is to be forever the center of the wool
market of Australia. I hope the time will
come when the honorable Senator from Ohio
will see the way clear to make this one effort
to resurrect American commerce. I hope the
time will come in the Senate when it will make
no difference whether a report comes from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads or
from the Committee on Commerce. I hope
the time will come when there will be unity
enough of interest in this great nation to at-
tempt to make an honest effort, and if we fail
we must submit to put GUI' nation at least on
a par with the other nations of the earth in
the strength of her commerce.
There is no commerce there, says my friend
from Michigan. Then, in God's name, how
comes this large amount of duties paid into
your custom-house? No commerce! They
have got to importing from there a new arti-
cle as an importation which is very abundant
there, the article of gum, and to-day manu-
factories arc being built in this country to
manufacture it into the articles for which it is
adapted. I notice among the items here from
New Zealand, "gum, $82,736." That is
free; but there is the amount; and yet we are
told there is no commerce there. Sir, com-
merce is made lip like your rivers ; that which
seems like a little rivulet to-day, when it min-
gles with its kindred rivulets to a focal point,
will yield a world of water. So it is with
commerce; and I anticipate the day when in
Australia and New Zealand their little canons
will be as busy with manufacturing as our own
My friend from Michigan has said that the
ships are so small they will not carry any-
thing. So Dr. Lardner said in 1836, in the'old
Tabernacle in New York. He declared that
ocean steam navigation was a humbug, because
the ships were not big enough to carry the
coal they required. Let me tell my honorable
friend from Michigan that ships are made as
large as the necessities of the hour demand ;
and you can put a dozen of your six-hundred
ton ships that existed then into the hold of a
vessel now, and it would not be crowded. So
it is with this commerce. It looks small now,
but it will astonish us all with the amount of
money that will come from it
I hope, sir, that this measure will be passed.
I am sick of talking of subsidies. I know the
papers have got to saying that every man who
talks of a subsidy is in a ''ring." I would
make the ring of the commerce of this nation
as large as the ocean itself, and I would make
it as small as the sea. I would command it
by virtue of the power, the wealth, the intelli-
gence. the progress, and the perseverance of
the American people.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, the
Senator from Nevada objects to the theory
which he says 1 laid down because the facts
disprove it. I have not heard him state any
facts that set aside the theory which I advanced
when I said that you could not exchange the
gold of California for the gold of Australia at
a profit; nor have 1 heard any facts that set
aside the theory that you cannot exchange the
products of California for the products of
Australia, those products being alike; that
you cannot exchange wool between the two
nations at a profit. 1 have not seen any facts
that set aside that theory.
The Senator from Nevada spoke of the large
amount of wool and other importations from
Australia, and of the duty that, had been paid
on them within the la t six months. I should
like to have him go back two years and make
inquiry as to the quantity of wool imported
into this country then from Australia. 1 think
he will find that there was not a bale. And
yet from that fact he goes on to argue that we
are to expect a great increase of commerce
between the two countries, and this increase
is a reason why we should subsidize a line of
steamers from our western coast to Australia.
Let mc say to him that it is the unusual high
price of wool that has caused this importation.
It is because the supply of wool has not been
equal to the demand throughout the entire
country and all over the world, and the price
of the article has advanced very materially
within the last year and a half or two years.
Again, the Senator says that London is not
to be the center of the wool market. I agree
with him, and I will aid him in destroying
London as the center of the market for wool
as much as is in my power; but it cannot be
done by subsidizing a line of steamers to bring
wool from Australia to California, and then
transporting it three thousand miles by rail-
road. That is not the way to break up a com-
mercial center. The true way is to produce
some other center where you can obtain the
merchandise cheaper than in the former, one,
and unless we can bring wool into the city of
New York so that it can be sold to the world
there cheaper than it can be sold to the
world through London, that transfer will not
be made. But I believe it can be done, no't
as I said by importation, not by subsidies, but
by using the fields which we have now for the
grazing of sheep which would produce enough
to make this nation in less than ten years a
nation exporting instead of importing wool.
The western slope and the Colorado valley
are better locations for raising wool than al-
most any other in the world, and all you want
is to give the production such encouragement
that it shall produce a surplus.
But what are the facts to-day? Australian
wool, that would bring forty cents a pound in
New York, has been sold in London within
the last two years for fourpence. So long as
this extraordinary price continues you may
anticipate the importation of wool from dis-
tant countries, though it may cost an unusual
sum to transpoit it; but let the wool market
find iisaverage level and you will find no steam-
ship bringing wool to San Francisco, and there
placing it oa board the railroad cars tor
New York. You can bring itmuch cheaper by
vessel direct.
The Senator from Nevada said it was always
advisable and proper to nurse the feeble, and
he holds this line up as one of those feeble
creatures that should be nursed into full
strength in order to be productive. How ?
By subsidy, by the payment of money, by an
expenditure which may cost more than the
entire results. Upon his principle, you should
go to the ash plains of the West and establish
there a process of cultivation and pay for it
out of the Treasury of United States, that you
might there raise wheat to compete with the
wheat of Illinois. It could be done, and it
could be done under the theory of the Senator
from Nevada, who says you must encourage
and strengthen the feeble.
Mr. NYE. I understood the honorable
Senator to say that we exported nothing to
Australia.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Not at all.
Mr. NYE. I have here a list of the ships
and what they are loaded with that go there.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. What are they?
Mr. NYE. I will tell you I read an ex-
tract from the Sydney Morning Herald of
| February 15, 1872 :
" Via San Frunci^co we have commercial advices
from New York to January 6. The Alice BalL sailed
lor this port on December 19 with 13.000 cases^ of
kerosene, S'S packages tobacco, 309 cases turpentine*
700 oases sarsapanlla, 2u0 c.ises lobsters and oysters,
1,116 cases hardware, 100 cases sewing-machines, 898
cases chairs and sundries. For Duueihn she has 212
packages tobacco. 6.750 oases keiosene, and sundries.
! The Formosa, for Melbourne, sailed during the pre-
vious week with 2U,oJt5 cases kerosene, 724 packages
manufactured and 11 packages leaf tobacco, and
sundries. The Magnet, troin .Boston, tor the same
port, and Lyttieton, cleared on i>eoemt>er 22, hav-
ing 2,000 cases kerosene for Melbourne and 2,200 for
New Zealand."
I will not read the whole list.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will inquire of the
honorable Senator where were those vessels
loaded?
Mr. NYE. At Boston.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. And yon propose
now to establish a line of steamers on the
western coast and pay an annual subsidy of
$500,000 for the sake of transporting this
kerosene across the continent!
Mr. NYE. Not at all.
Mr. STEWART. May I appeal to the Sen-
