1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
Legislatures may be presented for printing and
reference. The morning hour now begins at
thirteen minutes after twelve o'clock.
s. d. cochran.
Mr. FRYE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1870) for the relief of S. D. Cochran ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
indian affairs.
Mr. FRYE also presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Maine, in
relation to Indian affairs; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
ship-building, etc.
Mr. FRYE also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Maine,
in relation to ship-building and mercantile
interests ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FRYE also presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Maine, relat-
ing to shipping interests; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
niagara ship-canal.
Mr. FRYE also presented a joint, resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Maine, in
relation to the Niagara ship-canal; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
almont barnes.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1871) for the relief of Almont
Barnes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
maky a. morris.
Mr. BANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1872) to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Mary A. Morris,
widow of Major General William W. Morris,
upon the pension-rolls at. the rate of fiftydollars
per month ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
choctaw and chickasaw i'rkijdmkn.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1873) for the relief of the
freedmen of the Choctaw and Chickasaw
nations ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Freedmen's
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
united status siiip wyo.mind
Mr. STARKWEATHER introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1874) for the relief of the officers
and crew of the United States ship Wyoming;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
•tames c. pickett.
Mr. DUELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1875) authorizing the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to revise and adjust the
account of James C. Pickett, late charg6
d'affaires to Peru; which was read a first arid
second time, referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
mrs. iiannaii w. sumner.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1876) to increase the pension of Mrs.
Hannah W. Sumner, widow of Major General
Edwin V. Sumner, who died March 21, 1863,
while in command of the department of the
%Ve8t; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
heirs op captain s. samson, deceased.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 109) conferring upon the
Court of Claims jurisdiction to hear and de-
termine the claim of the heirs and legal
representatives of Captain Simeon Samson,
deceased, of Homer, New York ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
d. b. vandersmith.
Mr. L. MYERS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1877) granting a pension to D. B. Van-
dersmith, late captain of company C, twenty-
first regiment Pennsylvania cavalry; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
frank m. ashton.
Mr. L. MYERS also introduced a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 110) authorizing the Pres-
ident to permit Frank M. Ashton, late second
assistant engineer of the Navy of the United
States, to withdraw his resignation of that
office; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
thomas m'laugiilin.
Mr. McJUNKIN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1878) granting relief to Thomas McLaugh-
lin, late a major in the one hundred and sec-
ond regiment Pennsylvania infantry volun-
teers ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
survey of patuxent harbor.
Mr. MERRICK introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1879) providing for the survey of the har-
bor at the mouth of the Patuxent river;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committeeon Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MERRICK also submitted a joint reso-
lution of the General Assembly of Maryland,
relating to survey of harbor at the mouth of
the Patuxent river ; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
virginia's quota of arms.
Mr. CRITCIIER presented a joint resolu-
tion of the General Assembly of Virginia, re-
questing Congress to furnish Virginia her
quota of arms; which was referred to the
Committee on the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
distribution of arms.
Mr. TERRY introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. Ill) to'authorize and direct the
Secretary of War to distribute arms and mili-
tary equipments under the act of 23d of April,
1808, and the acts amendatory thereof; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
john g. watts.
Mr. COBB introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1880) for the relief of John G. Watts, late
postmaster at Wilmington, North Carolina;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
iiuntsvillh methodist episcopal church.
Mr. DOX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1881)
to pay the trustees of the Methodist Episcopal
Church at Huntsville, Alabama, for the loss
by fire of their chui-ch building occasioned by
its occupation by soldiers of the United States
Army in 1864 ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
internal taxes.
Mr. SLOSS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1882) to redace internal taxes ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
columbus and decatur railroad.
Mr. SLOSS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1883) authorizing the Columbus, Fayette
and Decatur Railroad Company of Mississippi
and Alabama to enter public lands ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
representatives of ii. fulenwider.
Mr. SLOSS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1884) for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Henry Fulenwider, late of the
State of Alabama, deceased ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
siiip-canal through florida.
Mr. SLOSS also presented the joint memo-
rial of the General Assembly of the State
of Alabama to the Congress of the United
States, relating to ship communication be-
tween the waters of the Gulf of Mexico and
the Atlantic ocean by ship-canal through the
Florida peninsula; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
edward ii. wilson.
Mr. SHELDON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1885) for the relief of Edward H. Wilson;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
monroe and oklahoma railroad.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1886) to incorporate the Monroe, Fulton, and
Oklahoma Railroad Company ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Railways and Canals, and ordered
to be printed.
heirs of gilead moore.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill (EL R.
No. 1887) for the relief of the widow and
heirs of Gilead Moore, lato private company
I, sixty-second Ohio volunteers; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
john preston.
Mr. BINGHAM also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1888) for the relief of John Preston;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
robert patterson.
Mr. PECK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1889) granting a pension to Robert Patter-
son; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812, and ordered to be
printed.
grades of admiral, etc.
Mr. MORGAN^ introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1890) to abolish the grades of Admiral,
Vice Admiral, and rear admiral, and to correct
other abuses in the Navy; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
department of justice.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1891) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish the Department of Jus-
tice, and forother purposes; " which was read
a first and second time, and, with the accom-
panying documents, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
repairing dam in ohio river.
Mr. CROSSLAND introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1892) making an appropriation for repair-
ing the dam in the Ohio river at the mouth
of the Cumberland river; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
