4266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
sary. My friend from South Carolina has not
read it. At the end of the constitution will
be found these words:
"Adopted unanimously, Maroh 11,1861, at Mont-
comery, Alabama."
Mr. 8AULSBURY. Let me ask the Senator
one question 
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot yield; I have
only five minutes.
Mr. President, here is the document which
■was adopted March 11, 1861, to take effect
immediately; which was declared to be the
supreme law of the land ; which was put in
force, and among the exclusive powers grauted
by this constitution was this:
"To establish post offices and post routes: but the
expenses of the post otilee department, after the
1st day of March, in the year of our Lord 1803, shall
be paid out of its own revenues."
From the 11th day of March, 1861, this con-
stitution of the rebel confederacy was the
supreme law there, and they then proceeded
by their legislature to assume the contracts
between the United States and contractors,
and to continue them, and paid them.
Mr. THURMAN. Where is the evidence
of that?
Mr. SHERMAN. The southern S'enators
can tell you that no new contracts were entered
into for the postal service; the old contracts
were continued right along, and the work was
executed just as it there never had been any
change in the Government. Now, sir, oil the
llt,h day of March, 1861, by the conduct.of the
confederate government this constitution was
in force, with a congress in session, with legis-
lative authority, assumed and exercised to the
exclusion of the United States; and if Sen-
ators can show me any exercise of power by
the Government of the United States in any
confederate State that participated in forming
this constitution until our armies were mus-
tered under our flag and went down there in
force to assert our authority, 1 should like to
know when and where it was.
From the 11th of March, 1861, until our
Army carried our flag and our authority there,
we had no power there, and the confederate
government was de facto the government of
all that country, 'J he idea of our paying for
carrying the rebel mail for three months alter
the lUh of March, 1801, it seems to me will
shock the moral sentiment, the patriotic senti-
ment, of the people of the northern States
who were engaged in this war. 1 trust Sen-
ators will not press it. I am willing to pay
any loyal men under existing law who per-
formed service even a for the 11th of March ;
but to pay disloyal men alter the time when
they unanimously engaged in this rebellion, it
seems to me is currying the joke too far, and
I think it outfbt not to bo pressed.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I con-
sider it somewhat remarkable that so distin-
guished a lawyer os my friend the honorable
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is driven
eo completely to the wall as to present the
coustituiion of the so called southern confed-
eracy here and declare it to be the supreme
law of the land. Then he talks about the flag
of the mighty Union. I, too, am a lover of
that glorious flag wherever it may wave. I am
grateful that it was carried successfully through
that land of which he has been speaking; but,
sir, that constitution never was the supreme
law of the land. The men who carried that
flag of which the Senator speaks suppressed
it; and the Constitution of the United States
first and last is the supreme law of the land
to-day. Therefore he cannot invoke the con-
stitution of the confederacy to prove that an
honest contract by the United States is not to
be paid. That is perfectly out of the ques-
tion; and when you talk about holding A re-
sponsible for his acts and turning B loose to
his prejudice, that is objectionable.
It is well known certainly to Senators, for
there is too much intelligence among Senators
here for me to undertake to say they do not
understand it, that the Government of the
United States held the postmasters in the
southern States to a strict accountability for
all the money that went into their hands, and
subsequent to the defeat of the rebels, as they
are termed, and as they were in fact, and I
have never any scruple on that branch of the
subject, they and their bondsmen were com-
pelled to make good that money to the United
States Government. The United States Gov-
ernment by going down to the southern con-
federacy for that purpose showed that evidently
they had not ignored entirely the laws prevail-
ing in that country and that should prevail
there. As they enforced the laws upon one
side, they must be held to an account upon
the other, and I have no hesitancy in saying
they will make that account good. There has
been no indisposition on the part of the Post
Office Department to pay these claims. They
were ready to pay the money at any time if
allowed to do so. Many of these contracts
have been carried out in good faith by loyal
men. There were loyal men in the South
always, and I hope there will be more than
there have been; but justice must be done
them. They demand it at the hands of the
Government. There is nothing wrong in it,
and it will be awarded to them, and all those
men must be paid or the Government cannot
acquit itself in the premises as it should do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Ramsbv,] on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and uays,
resulted—yeas l'J, nays ; as lollows:
YEAS— Moasrs. Atnes, Anthony, Boreman. Buok-
iiiKliaiu, Chandler, Colo, Con tiling, Cramn, Edmunds,
EYolinghuysen, liurlan, Morrill of Maine, Pratt,
Ramsey, Schurz. Scott, Sherman, Stewart, and
Trumbull—H).
KAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Blair, Caaserly,
Cooper. Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Maryland. Hamilton of Texas, Hill, John-
ston, KoIIokk, Kelly. Norwood, l'ool, Hanson). Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, St>r«iffue, Stevenson,
Tbiirmitrt, Vickers, and West—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky,
Konton, Ferry of Connecticut. Ferry of Michigan,
Gilbert, Goldthwaito, Ilatnlin, Ilitchcook, II- we,
Lewis, Ijokuii, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Usborn, Patterson. Pomcroy, Spencer, Stockton,
Sutnntir, Tipton, Wilson, Wiudotn, and Wright—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following
amendment:
Provided further. That aid. oomfort, or assistance
to the rebellion by any contractor, at any time dur-
ing the period for which his contraot was made,
ahull bo treated as a forfeiture of the contraot and
of all sums of money unpaid to him thereon.
Mr. RICE. T move to insert the word
"voluntary" before the word ''aid."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
amendable in the third degree. The Senator
from Nevada may accept lie modification.
Mr. STEWART. I accept it.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask the Senator from
Nevada who is going to ascertain the fact of
loyalty 7
Mr. THURMAN. I ask to have the amend-
ment reported as it stands.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as
modified, reads:
And provided further, That voluntary aid. oom-
fort, or assistance to the rebellion by any contractor,
at any ti me during the period for which his contract
was made, shall be treated as a forfeiture of the con-
traot and of all sums unpaid to him thereon.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that that is not
limited to the time for which he asks payment
if his contract ran beyond that time. He may
have been perfectly loyal and performed his
contract perfectly well up to the 31st of May,
but if before the 30th day of June or some
subsequent period he rendered any aid at all
to the confederacy or was in auy sense dis-
loyal, that makes a forfeiture of all pay he had
earned before he was disloyal.
Mr. ROBERTSON. We understand it.
Let us vote.
Mr. THURMAN. That being the case, the
amendment ought to be voted down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. CONKLING. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, before
we vote let us understand alike, if we can, that
this proposition now is to say that a man who
forfeited his contract, who struck it down him-
self, who did it voluntarily, and did it by com-
mitting high treason against his country, shall
not under that contract recover compensation.
That istheproposition we are going to vote on.
Mr. SAWYER. Allow me to say to the
Senator from New York that is not the propo-
sition at all. Tha proposition is this, that even
though the contractor during the first five
months of the year 1861 carried out his con-
tract in perfect good faith, it' in the last five
months of 1861 he aided or abetted the rebel-
lion, therefore he shall be deprived of auy
compensation. If the Senator would change
the amendment so that it should deprive him
of any compensation in case he aided or abet-
ted the rebellion during the period when he
performed the service for which he comes here
to ask compensation, that would be quite
another question. If that amendment is pro-
posed, I am perfectly willing to vote for it.
Mr. CONKLING. I am surprised at the
suggestion of the Senator from South Carolina.
He is a very good lawyer, I believe, besides
his other accomplishments.
Mr. SAWYER. Not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, yes; my friend
must not disclaim that. Here is a man who
makes a contract which is an entirety. That is
what the law calls it. He agrees to do a cer-
tain thing covering a certain length of time.
While that contract lasts and binds him he
violates it; his violation consists of the crime
of high treason ; and then he comes and asks
to recover upou it, and the honorable Senator
says he will not object to deducting from his
recovery so much of time as elapsed after he
violated it. Why, Mr. President, the law has
said for centuries that if a man ships as a
sailor to make a voyage, and if he sails the
whole voyage and just before it ends he goes
ashore, no matter under what circumstances,
even if it is because he is ill, because casualty
prevents him remaining, he cannot recover a
quantum meruit upon that; he cannot recover
at ail. Why? Because owing to his misfor-
tune he has come short in performing a con-
tract by which he bound himself.
Now, the Senator from Nevada says that
if a man bound by a contract, overtaken by
no casualty, prevented by no accident, turns
traitor to his country, he shall not come here
after his hands and face have dripped with
the blood of murder and of treason, and
recover upon that contract which thus he
violated. 1 say that is the proposition. No
casuistry, no sophistry, no skill in words or
phrases can cover it up. The American Sen-
ate is brought to vote by this amendment upon
the naked question whether a traitor to his
country, who by his act of treason trampled
under foot a contract, shall come into court
now and recover upon the shattered frag-
ments of that contract which be himself vol-
untarily broke, and broke by an actof treason?
No statement of mine, no statement of my
honorable friend, si excellent is statement,
will add to or take from, in one jot or tittle,
this naked proposition.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President,no casuistry,
no sophistry, no skill of language, in which my
honorable friend is so remarkable, wi'l covcr
up the fact that he has absolutely mistaken this
proposition. I acknowledge his proposition
that when the sailor ships for a voyage, and
violates ou the last day of the term of service
