1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4267
the contract which he has made, he is held to
have broken it, but I ask if, prior to that time,
the other party to that contract has thrown
him overboard voa would still hold him liable
to make good his contract? Here the Gov-
ernment annulled this contract on the 81st of
May, 1861, by an order from the Postmaster
General, issued in pursuauce of the act of
February, 1861, and it was not until the 1st
day of June that the postmaster general of the
rebel confederacy assumed jurisdiction over
the mails. '
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has
said that there was no power of the United
States exercised within the rebel States after
the formation of the constitution of the con-
federacy. I say that was not the fact. I say
the record is against him, and that the Post
Office Department carried on its operations
more than two months after that time, and that
the operations of that Department were as
complete, as full, as regular, the returns as
regular, the service as regularly performed as
it had been for three months before, and that
it was performed exactly according to the
contract When the Government itself had
annulled the contract, the fact that thereafter
the southern mail contractor did something
which violated his allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States did not break the
contiacV If during the pendency of the coil-
tract, during the period when the Government
allowed the contract to still subsist, and when
the Government held him responsible for the
performance of his duties under the contract,
he had aided, abetted, or encouraged the
rebellion, the argument of my friend from
New York would be entirely proper and valid ;
but inasmuch as the Government broke the
contract, prevented, nay, forbade him to carry
it on, the fact that thereafter he broke his
al'egiance to the United States has no signifi-
cance as applied to this proposition.
Mr. STEWART. If a man seeks to re-
cover on a contract, he must show that he
has complied with it or that he was ready to
comply ; but here, when the time came for
the party to comply, he was firing upon the
flag.
Mr. THURMAN. That is neither law nor
sense.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator from
Ohio apply that remark to this position, that
a man to recover on a contract must either
show that he perfotmed it, or on his part
stood readv to perforin it?
Mr. THURMAN. I say that when a con-
tract. like a Post Office contract, is for ser-
vice payable quarterly, and each installment
becomes due when the quarter's service is per-
formed, a failure to perform after that in
some other quarter does not put an end to the
debt.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a wholly differ-
ent proposition.
Mr. THURMAN. That is the case before us.
Mr. CONKLING. It is another thing
wholly. The Senator from Nevada stated
this proposition : that to recover under a cove-
nant a man must show either that he had per-
formed on his part or stood ready to do it. I
did understand the Senator to say of that that
it was neither sense nor law. Surely he does
not mean——
Mr. THURMAN. I was not speaking about
any abstract, case, but the case before us.
Mr. STEWART. It was in reply to the
remark that I made. I will state the proposi-
tion again, that if he did not comply with the
contract he must show, in order to recover,
that he was ready to comply at the time.
Now, the Senator gets out of it by saying that
he did not mean that what I said was nonsense,
but that something else was nonsense, some
thing else was neither law nor sense, and that
these contracts were payable in '"stallments.
Very well, 1 say, provided that the contract is
payable in installments, that does not deprive
the contract of its character as an entirety.
The contractor must be ready to perform it
during the whole period of it. When the De-
partment declare a contract forfeited, they do
not pay anything on it; that is the end of it;
but here during the period of the contract
a man enters the rebellion and still you pay
him on that contract. That is the question.
Mr. NORWOOD. I wanfto inquire if the
clause has not been amended so as to read
" for services actually rendered?"
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That has
nothing to do with this amendment. Let us
get through with this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ne-
vada, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 24 ; as follows: ■
YEAS—Messrs. Amee, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Edmunds,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Hitchcock,Howe,Morrill ot
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn,Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ramsey, Scott, and Stewart—*21.
NAYS —Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston,
Kelly, Norwood, Pool, Ransom, Rice, Robertson;
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sprague, Stevenson, Tburinan,
Trumbull, Vickers, and West—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Casserly, Clayton, Corbett, Davis of
Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Gilbert, Goldtbwaite. Hamlin, Kellogg,
Lewis, Logan, Morton. Nye. Patterson, Schurz,
Sherman, Spencer, Stockton, Sumnor, Tipton, Wil-
son, Windom, and Wright—29.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. I now renew the amend-
ment just voted upon with a modification
which I will suggest. One or two Senators
pointed out the hardship of the amendment,
and said it consisted in this—I will indicate
in one moment, the change I want to make—
that an act of treason which was not commit-
ted during the existence of the contract*would
prevent the claimants profiting by the pro-
vision. Now, I offer the amendment, chang-
ing it in the second or third line so that it, will
read "voluntary aid or assistance to the re-
bellion during the existence of the contract,"
so that the Senator from South Carolina can
no longer say to me that the other party put
an end to the contract and that we propose to
punish the contractor for what he did when an
end had been so put. Let us take the sense
of the Senate now upon the propriety of allow-
ing a man who did himself, confessedly by an
act of treason, put an end to a contract then
existing and which would have continued but
for that act, to come and recover on it. Al-
though 1 do not see my honorable friend from
South Carolina, I hope my voice will reach
him when I appeal to him to vote with us now
when we take from the amendment the objec-
tionable point which he found m it. I hope
that Senator is somewhere within reach and
that we shall have his vote to aid us.
Mr. ALCORN. If the Senator from New
Yorkwill allow me to interrupt him, I kuow he
would not state the proposition unfairly. The
Senator desires to provide that the party shall
not be paid who has been guilty of acts of dis-
loyalty during the existence of his contract.
The contract may have extended under the
law or under its terms up to the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1862. We are willing to accept it in
this form, that he shall not have pay for any
service performed after he was guilty of acts
of disloyalty to the Government.
Mr. CONKLING. That is another ques-
tion, and npon that at a future stage I should
be very glad to take the sense of the Senate.
I want to deal with one thmg at a time. The
Senator from South Carolina explained to us
that the hardship he found in the amendment
was this: that after the Government of the
United States had terminated the contract, it
being still within the period for which the
original contract would have run, the claimant
would be defeated if it turned out that he had
then given aid or assistance to the rebellion.
I see my honorable friend from South Carolina
now;"he has reentered the Chamber, and I
wish to address myself to him among others.
That honorable Senator found that the amend-
metit which he-has just assisted in voting dowa
worked a hardship, because it excluded a claim-
ant who, during the time that the contract did
not exist because the Postmaster General had
put an end to it, committed an act of treason,
or gave aid or assistance to the enemy. I have
renewed it now with a modification, to which I
ask the attention of that Senator. 1 now offer
the amendment, making it read, " that aid or
assistance to the rebellion during the contract,"
or I will change the phraseology, if that will
please him better, and say, "while the con-
tract continued," or, "beforethe contract had
been terminated by the United States." 1 will
take either one of these phrases which will most
fully answer the objection just urged upon us
by the Senator from South Carolina. Suppose,
Mr. President, we try it in this way:
Provided further. That voluntary aid, comfort, or
assistance to the rebellion at any time before the
oontractwas terminated by the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. WEST. We will accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tbeamend-
ment of the Senator from New York will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided further, That voluntary aid. comfort, or
assistance to the rebellion at any time betore the
contract was terminated by the United States ren-
dered by any contractor during the period for which
his oontractwas made shall be treated as a forfeiture
of the contract, and of all sums of money unpaid to
him thereon.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and
nays, and thev were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to say any-
thing at this moment except this: I do not
see what objection the Senator could have to
saying " during the period for which compen-
sation is claimed."
Mr. CONKLING. That is a wholly sep-
arate question, and it should be the subject
of a separate amendment, which I perhaps
will offer if nobody else does. I want first
to answer the objection made so pointedly by
my friend, that men would suffer, as the pro-
viso stood before, for acts which they did
while the contract was to run according to its
terms but after the United States had put an
end to it. Let us vote on that in the first
place and afterward see what we can do with
the other suggestion.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope this amend-
ment will not be agreed to. In line seven,
after the words "eighteen hundred and sixty-
one," we have already inserted " without
proof of loyalty as prescribed by joint reso-
lution approyed March 2, 1867," and this
would be absolutely destroying that, amend-
ment already agreed to by the Senate. This
amendment will defeat the whole section, and
that is clear to every Senator. I hope the Sen-
ate will continue to vote down all amendments
which are calculated to do that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am paired on this vote
with the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Sadls-
bory. ] If he were present 1 would vote
"yea," and he would vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Edmunds, Fre-
linghuysen, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Scott, and Stewart—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan. Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, John.ston,
Kelly, Norwood, Osborn, Pool, Ransom, Sice, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Sprague, Stevenson, Tburman, and
Viekers—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Casserly, Clayton, Corbett, Cragin, Davis
of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry
of Miouigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite. Hamlin, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Sauls-
bury, Schuri, Sherman, Speacer, Stockton, Sum-
