1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
ery work required to supply the demands of our
countrymen for every description of manufacture,
as an inalienable right of American citizenship,
and this right we shall insist upon at all hazards :
and a brave, intelligent, and free peoplewill spring
to their feet in defense of their industries, as they
would in defense of the flag should foreign foes
invade our soil.
e. b. ward, President.
ft. b. stebbins, Secretary.
moses w. field, Treasurer.
jerome croul.
john s. newberry,
john burt,
Executive Committee.
h. p. baldwin,
n. w. brooks.
d. m. richardson,
0. h. buhl.
henry weber.
e. tro wbridge.
chauncey hurlbut,
j. d. hayes,
hugh moffatt,
luthekbekcher.
ellkry i. garfield,
philo parsons,
james McMillan,
allan siielden,
john a. berry,
j. b. wayne,
william buchanan,
Vice Presidents and Representative Council.
MARY ROBBINS.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, introduced
a joint resolution (EL R. No. 92) relative to
the claim of Mary Robbins, deceased, who
was the widow of Brentnal Robbins, an officer
of the army of the Revolution; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
ELIZABETIIPORT, NEW JERSEY.
Mr. BIRD introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1311)
directing the survey of the channel opposite
Elizabethport, New Jersey; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
JOSIAII MORRIS.
Mr. HAYSintroduced abill (H. R. No. 1312)
for the relief of Josiah Morris; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
ANNA PERRY.
Mr. DUKE introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1313) for the relief of Anna Perry, of Elizabeth
City, Virginia ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
MAIL DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. TYNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1314) to authorize the appointment of a chief
of division for mail depredations in the Post
Office Department; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
ENLISTED MBN IN SEMINOLE WAR.
Mr. WALLS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1315) for the relief of enlisted men who served
for thirty days in the war against the Seminole
Indians in the State of Florida; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN BLACK.
. Mr. HALSEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1316) for the relief of John Black, late con-
sul of the United States at the city of Mex-
ico ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
PORT OF ENTRY AT JERSEY CITY.
Mr. HALSEY also introduced a bill (EL R.
No. 1317) to establish a port of entry tit Jer-
sey City, New Jersey; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
MICHAEL SHIELDS.
Mr. HILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1318) for the relief of Michael Shields; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and or-
dered to be printed.
HEIRS OF ALEXANDER SOUTIIERLAND.
Mr. MOORE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1319) granting arrears of pension to the minor
heirs of Alexander Southerland, deceased ;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
A. C. AND T. A. WALKER.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1320) for the relief of Augusta C. Walker and
T. Alonzo Walker ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Revision of the Laws of the United States,
and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to allow the
transaction of matters of business which gen-
tlemen desire to introduce by unanimous con-
sent?
Mr. DAWES. I yield for that purpose.
SIIIP-BUILDING.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, presented the memorial of the Inter-
national Steamship Company, relative to ship-
building yards and docks for economizing
naval expenditures and constructing iron
steamers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL CURRENCY, ETC.
Mr. WHITTHORNE, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which,
was referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency bo instructed to inquire into tho expedi-
ency of providing by law lor retiring tho present,
issue of national bank notes and substituting there-
for United States Treasury notes of the size, denom-
ination, and character now in use, and known as
" legal-tender notes;" a,nd also providing that after
the day of —, 187—, no fractional currency
shall be issued or circulated, and that after the -—
da,y of , 187—, no note of a less denomination
than ten dollars shall be issued, but tho same, under
proper regulations, shall be retired as currency.
2. That said committeo shall further inquire
whether, in the work of retiring tho national bank
notes and substituting therefor an amount of legal-
tender notes, the issue of each Treasury note so re-
quired may not lawfully be used in tho redemption
of the bonds of the United States known as the five-
twenty bonds.
3. That the said committee further inquire into
the expediency, in connection herewith, ot providing
that 'per cent, of the United States customs dues
now payable in coin, shall bo payable in legal-tender
notes.
4. That said committeo be instructed to report a
general banking law, under which the right to con-
duct a banking business may be made free to all per-
sons who shall or maydeposit anumber of the bonds
of the United Sta tes, (not less than $50,000 in value,)
which may equal   per cent,, of the average
deposits from individuals, and which bonds shall bo
held as a security for such depositors as may have
no other security, and to provide by law against
usurious and excessive rates of interest which may
be exacted by such institutions,
NEW HAVEN HARBOR, ETC.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to transmit to the House a copy of the, reports of
General G. IC. Warren, the engineer in charge of the
improvements of New Haven harbor and Ilousatonic
river, Connecticut, with tho accompanying papers
that have been made to or filed in the Department
since the last published report of the Secretary of
War.
COLLEGE OF WILLIAM AND MARY.
Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a report of the Committee on Education
and Labor upon the petition of the College of
William and Mary, in Virginia; which was
ordered to be printed and recommitted, and
not to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H- R- No. 1321) to relieve
the person therein named from legal and
political disabilities ; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. SARGENT. If there be no objection,
I desire that this bill be put on its passage.
The bill, which was read, provides for re-
lieving Rufus Shoemaker, of Nevada county,
California, from all legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest a modi-
fication of the language of the bill so as to
strike out the word "legal." The constitu-
tional amendment imposes no legal disability.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 assent to that modifica-
tion.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
that amendment will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will not this
man be relieved by the general bill which has
already passed the House V
Mr. SARGENT. This is a special case of
a man in our State. I tried last Congress to
sccure the passage of this bill, but was put
off by the statement that his case would be
included in a general bill. J have voted for
a general bill, and am ready to do so again.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We shall
never get any general bill so long as we con-
tinue to relieve these cases in detail.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman will find
me always voting for a general bill.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be considered as passed by a two-
thirds vote.
There was no objection.
PURCHASE OF INDEPENDENCE IULL.
Mr. IIIBBARD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Whereas by virtue of an act of Congress approved
on tho 3d day ot March. 1871, tho one hundredth
anniversary of American independence is to be cele-
brated, under the auspices of the Government of tho
United States, by holding an international exhibi-
tion of arts, manufactures, and products of the soil
and mine, in the city of Philadelphia, in the year
1876; and whereas Independence Hall, m said eity
of Philadelphia, is dear to every American heart
as the birth-place of ireedom and ot constitutional
liberty in America, and ought to belong not to any
section but to the wholo people of the country;
Therefore.
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds bo instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of procuring a title to said hall and the square
on which it stands, in the name ot theUnited States
of America, that this ancient temple ot freedom
innv, during the exercises of said international ex-
hibition, be consecrated anew to toe perpetuation of
constitutional liberty on the completion of the first
century of our national life ; and that said commit-
tee be instructed to ascertain upon what terms and
conditions, il upon any, the city ot Philadelphia
Will dedicate said hall and tho snored relics it eon-
tains, and the square on which it stands, to the peo-
ple of these United States; and to report to tho
House as soon as shall be practicable such informa-
tion as they may obtain, with a recommendation of
such appropriate legislation as they may consider
necessary to earrv out the purpose ot this resolu-
tion: J'rovided, That tho eity of Philadelphia shall
consent to the same upon terms and conditions which
in the judgment of the committee are reasonablo
and just.
Mr. DAWES. I believe the resolution
instructs the committee to inquire into the
expediency of doing the thing suggested.
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. IIIBBARD. I ask that the resolution
of the Assembly of New Hampshire be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
That the Senators in Congies* from this State and
the Representatives be instructed lo introduce, sup-
port, a.nd vote for a bill providing lor the purchase
of thcllallof Independence and the square on which
it stands, situated in the city of Philadelphia, the
same to be, on the 4th of July. 1S<6, foiinally dedi-
cated to the Republic of the United States, and con-
secrated to the perpetuat ion of constitutional liberty
and independence, on the condition that tile money
paid for said hall and square be appropriated by said
city for the erection ot suitable_ buildings for tho
holding of said international exhibition ; and if any
money shall remain after the erection ot said build-
ing, the same -hail be appropriated to the preserva-
tion and improvement of said hall and tho grounds
on which it is located.
The resolution was adopted.
