1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2479
order in which they are assigned. But an
arrangement might be made in regard to that.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ohio
and myself, I venture to say, will have no con-
flict in regard to the business of our respective
committees.
I now ask to submit a few remarks.
Mr. BANKS. Has the consent of the House
been given to the assignment of this bill as a
special order?
The SPEAKER. It has not. The Chair
has not yet put the question.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to call the attention
of the House to the fact that these numerous
special and exclusive assignments prevent the
possibility of ordinary business being brought
before the House by the various committees.
The SPEAKER. This is an assignment
which the rules entitle the Committee of Ways
and Means to have. It is merely having a
bill reported from that committee referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and it may by a majority vote be
made a special order. But of course the spe-
cial order does not supervene unless the House
goes into committee.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to reserve the right
to go into Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar on Friday.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is aware
that that merely reserves to him the rightfirst
to submit his motion.
The question being taken on Mr. Dawes's
motion, it was agreed to; and the- bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and made a special
order for Tuesday next, after the morning
•hour, and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. I move that five thousand
extra copies of the bill be printed.
The motion, under the rule, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. DAWES. I desire now to submit a few
remarks.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to yield to me that
I may present a proposition on behalf of the
Committee of Ways and Means, which would
seem to come in appropriately at this period
of our proceedings, and will not interfere with
his remarks.
Mr. DAWES. Very well.
Mr. KELLEY. On behalf of a minority of
the Committee of Ways and Means, I askleave
to introduce a bill for the further reduction of
taxes and the encouragement of commerce,
and move that it be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
that five thousand extra copies be printed for
general use.
Mr. BECK. Who compose that minority ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is a
question I was about to ask.
Mr. KELLEY. Well, I am one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not un-
derstand that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] asks that his bill be made
a special order.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not ask that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman then pro-
poses nothing more than may be done in the
morning hour of Monday, by a majority of the
House, on the call of States for the introduc-
tion of bills for reference and printing.
Mr. BEATTY. I object.
The SPEAKER. In the morning hour of
Monday, when the State of Pennsylvania is
called, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [ Mr.
Kelley] will have the right to introduce his
bill and move its reference to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
that motion will be decided by a majority vote.
Mr. BANKS. It is a bad precedent for
objection to bo made to the minority of a com-
mittee presenting their views.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is aware of
that. There seems to be some misunderstand-
ing as to what the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Beatty] made his objection. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] submitted a
proposition compound in its nature, and the
Chair will again submit it to the House. The
first proposition is that he have leave to intro-
duce a bill on behalf of a minority of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and that it be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and printed. The
second proposition is that he be allowed to
submit a resolution, and have it referred to
the Committee on Printing, for the printing
of five thousand extra copies of the bill. To
which of these propositions does the gentle-
man from Ohio object; or does he object to
both?
Mr. BEATTY. I object to both proposi-
tions.
Mr. KELLEY. Have the minority of the
committee the right to make a report ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent. The Chair is perfectly well aware that
it is very uncommon to refuse that privilege to
the minority of a committee; but at the same
time it is entirely a matter of grace and comity.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Beatty] to withdraw his objection.
Mr. COX. I appeal to the gentleman to
permit the minority to have the usual right to
be heard.
Mr. KELLEY. I simply ask that the bill
may be reported and printed for the present.
The SPEAKER. It is not in the power of
the Chair to order that that be done if one
member objects. On Monday next, in the
morning hour, a majority of the House can
order that it be done.
Mr. KELLEY. This is simply a proposi-
tion that the minority of the Committee of
Ways and Means have leave to report a bill
setting forth their views; that is all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again sub-
mit the proposition to the House. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] on
behalf of a minority of the Committee of Ways
and Means, asks leave to submit a bill for
printing and reference to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ Will the Chairper-
mifc me to ask him a question?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley,] if acceded to, have any other
effect than would the introduction and refer-
ence of a bill on Monday during the morning
hour?
The SPEAKER. Not the slightest; the
proposition would have precisely the same
effect as the introduction and reference of a
hill on Monday during the morning hour, on
the call of States. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] is compelled to ask
it now as a matter of courtesy, whereas on
Monday during the morning hour he can do it
as a matter of right.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the attention of the
House to the fact that the admission of this
bill would have no effect whatever, except that
it would be giving notice to the House that
such opinions exist on the part of a minority
of the Committee of Ways and Means, be-
cause the same gentleman can move in Com-
mittee of the Whole the bill he has indicated
as an amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I understand
that, but who constitute this minority of the
committee ? That is a fact of some importance
to ascertain. I am on the minority of the com-
mittee with two other gentlemen [pointing to
the Democratic side of the House,] and we
have made no report. I want to know what
members of the committee constitute this
minority.
Mr. KELLEY. I may say that the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Mayntard] unites
with me, I understand, as to every provision
of this bill. I report it at his instance and
request.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Very well;
then the bill emanates from two gentlemen in
a committee of nine. Now that the fact is
before the House, I do not object to the pre-
sentation of the bill.
Mr. KELLEY. ^ I would like to ask the
Speaker whether, if this objection be insisted
on, I can present the bill next Monday and by
a majority vote send it to the Committee of
the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. During the call of the
States on Monday, any gentleman has the right
to introduce a bill for reference to any com-
mittee of the House, either the Committee of
the Whole or any other committee, and have
it printed and referred. It would require a
majority to prevent that being done.
Mr. BEATTY. I call for the regular order.
Mr. KELLEY. In order that the members
of the House as well as the country may know
the provisions of the bill, I ask that it be
printed in the Globe.
Mr. BEATTY. I object, and demand the
regular order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to ask a parliamentary question. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] has
stated that the bill which he desires to present
emanates from a minority of two mernbeis of
the committee; and the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] says he belongs to a mi-
nority of three. As the committee consists of
only nine members I wish to inquire how the
bill presented by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] comes from a majority
of the committee ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggests that
that is rather an arithmetical than a parlia-
mentary question. [Laughter.] The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, in reporting
this bill I desire the indulgence of the House
for a few moments.
Public expectation and the patience of the
House have so long waited upon the business
in this committee that it is proper that at ths
earliest moment 1 should briefly submit the
result of their labors. The bill now reported
is, as its title indicates, a bill for the reduc-
tion of the duties on imports and internal
taxes, and for such improvements in the ad-
ministration of the laws therewith connected
as have been suggested by the laborious exam-
ination the committee have given the subject.
The estimated amount of reduction, upon
the basis of last year's receipts, is as follows:
On basif of On duty
qua nt ities received
of 1871. in 1871.
Tea  $2,348,639 $3,623,716
Coffee  2,949,309 5,070,480
Coal...  32^,881
Salt   615.522
Leather  529,258
Iron and manufacturer of.... 2,lo5,223
Steeland manufactures ot... 745.539
Wool  559.823)
Woolen manufactures  4,759,680/- 5,517,275
Woolen carpets  197,772j
Cotton manufactures ( 788.724
Copper and manuiaetures of 39,611
Chemicals, drugs, &v  584,862
Cork, manufactured  28,915
Lumber  761,801
All other articles  212
Free list.    1,584.667
18,952,438
Internal revenue.
Tobacco 56.720,000
Gas  2,573,123
Bank, checks  1,250,000
Matches  2,250,000
Agreement stamps
(estimated)  100,000
  12,893.123
$31,845,561
In addition to these reductions, the com-
mittee has endeavored to throw safeguards
around the administration of our custom-
houses, and has greatly simplified the laws
pertaining to the internal revenue ; it has
consolidated into an equivalent tax of sixty-
five cents nearly all of the several taxes upon
