684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
REMOVAL 01 DISABILITIES.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill (H. R. No. 1322)
to relieve certain citizens of Georgia from
political disabilities.
There was no objection, and the bill was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides (two
thirds of each House concurring therein) that
all legal and political disabilities imposed by
the third section of the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States be,
and the same are hereby, removed from the
following-named persons to wit: David Irwin,
of Cobb county; J. A. W. Johnston, of Whit-
field county; Thomas Hardeman, of Bibb
county; Marcus L. Billingsley and Christopher
Parker, of Pike county ; John W. H. Under-
wood, of Floyd county ; William A. Lofton, of
of Jasper county; John L. Moore, John D.
Stewart, andL. T. Doyal, of Spalding county;
Elbridge G. Cabaniss and Cineinnatus Pee-
ples, ot Pulton county ; James P. Simmons, of
Gwinnett county; William J. Hudson, of Har-
ris county; Levi S.Russell, of Chatham county ;
and Samuel P. Thurmond, of Clark county,
Georgia. The second section provides that
all laws or parts of laws in conflict with the
provisions ol this act are hereby repealed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Georgia to strike out the second
section of his bill.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I agree to that.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me ask the gentle-
man from Georgia whether these persons have
petitioned for a removal of their disabilities?
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Certainly; these
persons have all petitioned to have their dis
abilities removed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let me suggest to
the gentleman to strike out the words "legal
and," as they were stricken out of the bill of
the gentleman from California. There are no
legal disabilities.
Mr. Sl'EKli, of Georgia. lag reo to strike
those words out.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to know whether
these persons have petitioned in writing for
the removal of their disabilities?
_ Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. They have, every
single one of them.
Mr. CONUlfiR. Whore are the petitions?
Mr. KI'UUR, of Georgia. They have been
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Three fourths of them had their disabilities
removed by this House in 1870. They are all
good and loyal citizens, and every Represent-
ative of Georgia 011 I his floor, whether Repub-
lican or Democrat, will so testify.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hnve !i petition myself
from Thomas Hardeman which is very strongly
indorsed.
Mr. BUTLEH, of Tennessee. I ask the
gentleman to accept an amendment to his bill,
including the following names.
The Clerk read as follows:
Willi.im Kobinson, of Cocke county ; Lloyd Bul-
lon, of^reeno county; Alfred T. Wilson, Uoonro 11.
McCloliiin, jj. S. AlcDowel, Owen White, and Dr.
J. Tctnpleton. ot Sullivan county; Thomas J. "Wil-
son, Charles Mock, and C. Collins, of Washington
county; Michael C.irriger, of IJatnblin county;
Lcnjumm J. Lea, of llaywood county; L, C. Lock-
hail, ot Stewart county; A. A. ISwope, of Smith
county; J. D. 0. Atkins, oi Henry count}'; John
Dnlancy, of Sullivan county; and J. T. Trapp, of Do
ivalh county, ot tho State ot Tennessee.
Mr. SPEER, of Geo rgia. I will accept that
amendment as a.part of my bill.
Mr. CONGEli. I make the same inquiry
in regard to the amendment of the gentle-
man li'om Tennessee. Have all petitioned in
writing for the removal of their disabilities'!
Mr. Bl/ITjlDR, of Tennessee. They have
for the last three years.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to
ask the gentleman fiom Michigan whether we
are to go through a whole million of people
and remove their political disabilities by this
same process?
Mr. CONGER. I will answer the gentle-
man. I am not the author of these bills,
neither have I presented them, but I have
adopted for myself one rule in reference to
these private bills, and I cannot support them
unless I know the persons to be relieved have
requested this relief iu writing; for I know of
some cases where Congress has extended re-
lief by a bill to southern gentlemen and they
have afterward by letters published in news-
papers stated that they had never asked Con-
gress for any such relief, and do not thank
Congress for extending it to them. I do not
propose myself to vote for the relief of any
man from the disabilities which he has incurred
by treachery to this Union unless he will at
least do the House and the country the courtesy
to petition for it in some shape.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then the
gentleman means never to forgive or forget,
but to nurse his wrath through all time.
Mr. CONGER. This is a matter of feeling
for which I am not responsible, even to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. FARNS WORTH. There are so many
individuals who have asked and been refused
that there is not much encouragement to others
to ask.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
_ Mr. SPEER, of Georgia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BELLIOKKKST RIQIITS OF CUBA.
Mr. VOORHEES. I offer the following
joint resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution for tho recognition of belligerent
rights on tho part ot tho people of the island of
Cuba in their civil war against tho kingdom of
•Spain.
Whereas tlio native inhabitants of tho island of
Cuba have for more than three years been waging
war against, the power and authorityof thekingdom
of Spain, in order to wrest said island irotn foreign
colonial bondage and to establish political inde-
pondeneo and self-government, as it is their inher-
ent right to do ; and whereas in tho pi ogress of this
contest great battles have been fought, thousands
of lives sacrificed, and great armies and large naval
forces are still in active operation on tlio part of
Spain, with no apparent prospect of an early term-
ination ot tlio stiugglo: and wlieioas by the treaty
of IV'X) between the United tStates and tho kingdom
of Spain the light to search American ships on the
high seas, and if found to contain articles contra-
band of war to carry thein into Spanish ports and
dispose of them as prizes of war, was conceded to
Spain only when she should bo engaged in actual
war with another Power, and to bo exercised as a
purely belligerent light; and wheieas the Spanish
authorities, since the lath day of March, 1SG9, have
constantly asserted and exercised this belligerent
right by scaiclung and seizing American vessels,
theioby themselves proclaiming a state of belli-
gerency as existing between the kingdom of Spain
and her revolted subjects in Cuba; and whereas
this eourso of conduct has been persisted in on
tho part of Spain in tho most offensive and inso-
lent manlier, although on or about the 16th day of
Julv, Mil), sho was notified, through her minister
at Washington, that the Government of the United
States could not fail to regard " any exercise on the
high seas, near the island of Cuba, by any vessel of
wm, or privateer of,Spain, of tho right to visit or
board any vessel of tlio United States undercolor of
tlio provisions ot the treaty ot 17S5, as involving tho
logical conclusion of a recognition by Spain of a
stato of war with Cuba;" and whereas tho war on
the part of Spain has been waged against the people
of Cuba in flagrant violation of the rules of civil-
ized warfare, and with a ferocity and inhumanity
which iiavo shocked the whole American people;
and whereas, after more than three years of conflict,
the kingdom of Spam has utterly and totally failed
to establish and maintain a settled governinent in
Cuba, giving security to nfe, liberty, and property;
Therefore,
lie it renolved by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives the United glutei of Amcrica in Oonyrtsz as^em-
bkd, First, that tnis Govern mentis called upon, in tho
interests of humanity, anil in the exercise of its un-
doubted right, under the laws of nations, to determ-
ine and declare, whenever it is deemed ruhl and
neccssary, the existence of a stato ot war between
contending forces, and especially so when, as in this
instance, the conflict is in close proximity to the
shoies ot the United States, and directly involving
the trade, commerce, property, liberty, and lives of
American citizens. Second, that it is the true and
well-established policy of this Government to extend
sympathy and countenance, in all just and lawful
ways, to all people engaged in a struggle to create
republican institutions, and to sever their connec-
tion with monarchical forms of government, and
especially so to those upon the continents and islands
of thewostern hemisphere. Third, that the Govern-
ment of the United States recognizes the existence
of a state of war between the kingdom of Spain and
the people styling themselves the republic of Cuba,
and hereby declares hoth parties to the conflict now
ponding between them entitled to all the rights
conceded to belligerents by international law and
treaties, including tho right to oarry their national
flags respectively within the waters of tho United
States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees]
that the business which has been recently pro-
ceeding has been by unanimous consent.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Dawes] took the floor at the close
of the morning hour for some purpose which
he has not stated. He has been yielding to
requests for unanimous consent, and it is for
him to say whether he will yield for this res-
olution. If he does not yield, the Chair will
recognize the gentleman from Indiana after
the chairman of the Committee of "Ways and
Means is through.
Mr. VOORHEES. I think the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means will
hardly deny me what has been given to every-
body else in the House, the opportunity of
offeiing a resolution.
Mr. DAWES. If the Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees]
after I get through, I would rather yield now,
because it would no doubt be ungracious to
him to deny the gentleman what I have not
denied to any one else.
The SPEAKER. And it would be equally
ungracious in the Chair not to recognize the
gentleman after the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means yielded the floor.
Mr. BANKS. I would ask the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] whether he will
not consent to have the resolution referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will not
consent. 1 have a resolution similar to this
one before the Committee on Foreign Affairs
now.
Mr. BANKS. I was not addressing the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cox],
Mr. COX. Neither was I addressing the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
but the Chair.
Mr. VOORHEES. With every respect for
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and for the committee itself, I would
prefer that the House should pass the resolu-
tion 1 have offered. I therefore move to sus-
pend the rules and pass the resolution.
The question being put on suspending the
rules, there were—ayes 50, noes 83.
Mr. VOORHEES. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BANKS. I trust the gentleman from
Indiana will allow this resolution to go to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. They have
this subject now under consideration.
Mr. COX. I object to debate.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman must see that
it is impossible for the House to pass the reso-
lution now.
Mr. COX. I object to debate, whether it is
pertinent or impertinent.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
question of order, (it is the only way in which I
can explain myself,) and it is whether, in
voting for this resolution, as I intend to do, I
commit myself to all its phraseology respect-
ing the laws of nations, which I do not intend
to do.
Mr. BANKS. I object to any reservation.
The SPEAKER.^ That is no point of order
at all, and the Chair cannot answer the ques-
tion.
Mr. VOORHEES. I should like to answer
the gentleman from New York.
