4268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
ner, Tipton, Trumbull, West, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright-!*!.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejeoted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The numerous votes in
the Senate, I think, show that a majority of the
Sedate are determined to pay these contract-
ors for services rendered to the United States
while these contractors were loyal, and while the
United States had control of the mail routes;
and, as I understand, Senators, some of them
at least, do not think that contractors should
be paid for carrying the mail after the mail
routes went under the control of the confeder-
ate government, and after the persons carrying
the mails gave aid and assistance to the rebel-
lion. Certainly I am unwilling to vote to pay
anybody for services rendered to the rebel
government, and I should hope the Senate
was uuwilling to pay anybody for services ren-
dered the rebel government; but I would be
willing to vote to pay these persons any just
claim that existed against the United States
before they went into rebellion, and before the
mail routes went under the control of the rebel
government. I think that is as far as we
ought to go, and I have prepared an amendment
which I think wouid carry out that object; and
it seems to me that those who are struggling
to pay these contractors in the late rebel States
ought not to expect and ought not to vote, and
I truBt there is not a single Senator here who
would vo'o, to pay these contractors for ser-
vices rendered the rebel government.
Mr. ALCORN. Nobody wants to do that.
Mr. SAWYER. Nobody proposes to' do
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I send to the Chair an
amendment by way of proviso, to see if we
cannot agree t,o this.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The pending
question is on the amendment, proposed by the
Menutor from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] and
of course the only amendment now in order
is an amendment to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that mine
would-be appropriate to that, because I do not
know what, his amendment is.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported.
Hie Ohibv Clbrk. The amendment of Mr.
Mokrill, of Vermont, is to add to the section
the following proviso:
I'rumtl'd, Thnt before any payment shall bo made
under this section satisfactory cvtdenoo shall be
luuiishcd that no compensation has lioou received
or agreed to bo roeotved from any source forsuoh
eurvice other than from the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will let that be voted
upon first and withhold mine until thatisacted
upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont-
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont by
adding the amendment which lies before the
Secretary, when these words shall have been
added to it: "from and after the time of such
aid or assistance; " and now I ask the Secre-
tary to read the amendment as it will be then.
The Cuikk Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment is to add :
And provided further. That voluntary aid, com-
fort, or assistance to the rebellion at any timo before
the contract was terminated by tho United States,
given by any contractor at any time during the
period for which his contract was made, shall bo
treated as a forfeiture of the contraot and of all
sums of money unpaid to him thereon, from and
after tho timo of such aid, comfort, or assistance.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, we have had the
judgment of the Senate to this effect: that
although during the life-time of a contract one
party to it was guilty of a breach of that con-
tract, his breach being an act of treason to
his country, that act should not debar him
altogether from recovering upon the contract.
It has been said by some Senators who voted
as I have indicated, that had the amendment
been merely to' deprive him of any right under
the contract accruing after his act of treason,
they would see no objection to it; so I have
now made the amendment point precisely to
that and provide that an act of treason com-
mitted during the life-time of the contract vol-
untarily, should not be the foundation of any
claim for service after that act of treason.
Mr. ROBERTSON. How does that apply
to railroad corporations who carried the mails?
Mr. CONKLING. It applies to railroad
corporations just as it would apply to anybody
else. The highest court in Massachusetts, for
example, has held that a railroad company
may commit an assault and battery and be
indicted for it. That, perhaps, is putting the
law ia a very extreme case. There is no dif-
ficulty whatever in applying the law to this
case. A railroad company is an impersonal
thing in one regard; but it lives and moves
and has its being through men. Unlike an
individual, it does not act by itself and by
agents also: but all the mouths by which it
speaks, all the hands by which it acts are the
mouths and the hands of individuals. There
will be no. difficulty in determining, I answer
my friend from South Carolina, whether a rail-
road company any more than any one else is
within this provision. That, however, is mat-
ter of detail and application.
I ask the vote of the Senate now upon the
naked proposition whether a contractor, a
party, no matter who, having a contract with
the Government, who during the life-time of
that contract tamed traitor and stabbed the
Government, shall not only recover a quantum
meruit upon the contract, but shall recover
for what took place after he thus trampled it
under his feet. Let us vote upon that; and
then when it comes to the difficulty of applying
it, I shall be very glad to unite with my friend
from South Carolina in relieving him from any
difficulty of that sort.
Mr. THUBMAN. It would be better if the
Senator, instead of so many words in that
amendment, which makes it but obscure, had
made it clear by some such provision as this :
And provided farther. That no person shall reoeive
compensation for eerviees rendered after he shall
have gone into rebellion against the United States.
That would be a clear and distinct statement
of the thing.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend allow me
to tell him my objection to that?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. It is this: we look back
to the Globe and to the record for light in
legislating and getting the precise history of
these questions. This amendment has been
voted down repeatedly with slight modifica-
tions. I want to preserve the sameness of the
amendment, so that he who traces the record
hereafter will see clearly where the line of
demarkation began. The record will show that
first the other objection was made by my friend
from South Caroliua. We obviated that. This
was voted down. Then this objection was
made. We have obviated that; and let us see
whether that will be voted down. But if we
take the phraseology suggested by my friend
from Ohio, it is a new proposition, and it
breaks up the harmony as I think the harmony
will be of this record. I should like to have
the whole symmetry of it preserved.
Mr. THURMAN. It is exactly the propo-
sition in twenty words that is contained in
about fifty in the Senator's amendment if the
Senator is right in saying that that is the
proposition in the amendment he has offered.
I do not know whether it is or not, it is mixed
np in such a multitude of words. But let us
come to the very substance of it. Suppose a
man had agreed to build a wing to this Capitol
for the Government and had gone on and
built it, would it be any defense to his claim
for his pay that at some time before he got
done building it he had committed an act of
treason ? Suppose a man had offered to fur-
nish arms and ammunition to the Government
of the United States, and he went on and fur-
nished them, is it any defense to his claim
that some time before he completed the fur-
nishing of them or some time afterward, he
committed treason ? What says your Consti-
tution? You cannot forfeit the man's debt,
you cannot forfeit his property except as the
result of a conviction in a court of justice, a
conviction after trial by jury. That is the
only way that you can do it; and to say that
when a man has performed a service you can
refuse him the pay to which he is entitled for
that service, because you say without any con'
viction and without any judgment against him
that he was not loyal to the Government all
the while, is simply to confiscate the debt, to
confiscate the money which he has earned by
performing the- service, and that, too, in plain
violation of the Constitution, for we are not
now in war; it is not confiscation as a war
measure. We are now in peace. It matters
not, therefore, who performed these services, if
they were performed, if we required them to
be performed, as the Government did require
them to be performed.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose they were per-
formed by rebels in arms?
Mr. THURMAN. Well, suppose they were
performed by rebels in arms? You have made
a contract with a man to do one thing and he
does it; can you forfeit the debt which is due
him any more than you can forfeit" his real
estate until you have convicted him? It does
very well to go on the stump and talk about
"rebels in arms," but it will not do here.
Here is a case in which the Government
required the performance of these contracts
by the contractors up to the 31st day of May,
1801, and then the Government put an end to
them. It is a case in which this Senate by
a vote of 38 to 9 refused to put an end to
these contracts and required their perform-
ance to the 31st day of May, 1861; and it
will not do to say, after the services have been
performed, the work done, and the money
earned, that you, without any judicial convic-
tion whatsoever of the man, shall undertake to
confiscate the debt which is due.
Mr. COLE. I move that at half past four
o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope not now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is not debatable. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from California, [Mr.
Cole.]
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 10; no quo/urn voting.
Mr. COLE, and Mr. HAMILTON of Mary-
land, called for the yeas and nays ; and they
were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 24, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cole, Cooper, Cragm, Flanagan, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, Kelly, Morrill
of Maine. Morrill of Vermont. Pool, Ransom, Rice,
Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Thurman, Trumbull,
Viekors. and W est—24.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Chandler, Conkling, Edmunds, Frehngrhuysen, Har-
lan, Hill, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Norwood, Osborn,
Ramsey, Pratt. Robertson, Scott, and Stewart—18.
ABSENT—Messrs, Boreman. Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter,Clayton, Corbett, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of
Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Golath-
waite, Hamlin, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nye.
Patterson, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman,
Spencer, Stockton, Sumner,Tipton,Wilson,Windom,
and Wright—32.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. The exact question before
the Senate now is whether a contractor after
having joined the rebellion shall continue to
receive pay for his services in carrying the
mails of the United States, and I am glad that
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] has
the courage to stand by the logic of liis posi-
tion. I am glad that he admits that under this,
as all understand he would have to do, he
would pay rebels in arms for carrying the Uni-
ted States mail. Hesays we are bound to this
as a matter of law. I do not think be will
claim it as a matter of morals or as a matter of
