1872.
THE COKORESSMATi GLOBE.
mm
abstract right. Now, is it impossible for a
contractor to do anything that will forfeit his
contract as a matter of law? It is a well-
kuown fact that if a clerk steals from his em-
ployer he cannot recover any money that may
be due for services rendered. Is it not pos-
sible for a man to violate his contract so as to
absolve the Government ? Will it be said here
that we are bound to pay rebels in arms for
carrying the United States mail, and that that
act of rebellion does not absolve the Govern-
ment? Will it be said that rebels may attempt
to take the life of the Government and still
the Government be bound to keep its contracts
with them? I think not. I want to put it
right in that shape, and I want to vote on it.
I hope the Senator from Ohio will continue to
have the courage to vote " no " on this amend-
ment. I want him to stand right there on the
record. I want him to vote directly that we
shall pay rebels in arms for carrying the United
States mails.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Ohio
never was terrified by a stump speech.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it is
very evident that we are losing the day in this
discussion upon this amendment in various
forms. The majority of the Senate is pretty
clearly indicated, and it seems to me that if
we are ever to get through with this bill we
should come to some action upon it; and with
a view of getting the vote on the amendment
which I have proposed, I move to lay on the
table the amendment to the amendment which
is now pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
monds in the chair.) The Senator from Illi-
nois moves to lay on the table the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. I inquire whether that
motion is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask a
question now. I find another Senator thinks
this motion, if successful, would carry the bill
to the table. I ask, does it carry anything but
this amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that it only carries to the table this
amendment to the amendment under the
special rule applicable to general appropria-
tion hills.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have taken no part in
this discussion——
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is not debatable. The motion is to lay
on the table.
Mr. HILL. I wish to make an inquiry, and
that is, whether it is in order to have the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Illinois read at this particular point of time ?
f" No I " "No!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. We are not voting on
that now.
Mr. ALCORN. Let the amendment be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And provided further, That voluntary aid, comfort,
or assistance to the rebellion at any time before the
contract was terminated by the United States, given
by any contractor at any time during the period for
which his contract was made, shall be treated as a
forfeiture of the contract and of all sums of' money
unpaid to him thereon, from and after the time of
such aid, comfort, or assistance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, to lay this amendment on the table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cole, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia. Flanagan,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill,
Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Pool, Ransom, luce,
Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Spragae, Stevenson,
Xhurman, Trumbull, and Viokers—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony; Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Gonkling, Cragin, Edmunds, Fre-
linghuysen. Harlan, Hitchcock, Morn M of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ham-
sey, Scott, and Stewart—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett, Duvis of Kentucky,
Fenton, Perry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Howe, Keliogg,
Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nye, Patterson. Saulsbury,
Sherman, Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, "West,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—30.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move now to lay the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont on
the table.
. Mr. CONKLING. Let us bear that read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Provided, That before any payment shall be made
under this section satisfactory evidence shall be fur-
nished that no compensation has been received, or
agreed to be received, from any source for such ser-
vice other than from the United States.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us adopt that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. CONKLING. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am paired with the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbury.] I
should vote " nay" if at liberty to vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 20 ; as follows :
YiSAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cooper, Davis
of West Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Pool,
Hansom, Rice, Robertson, Schurz, Sprajrue, Steven-
son, Xhurman, Trumbull, Viekers, and West—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anaes,Anthony, Bucking-
ham, Conkling, Cragin. Edmunds, Flanagan, Fre-
linghuysen. Harlan, Hitchcock, Morril! of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont., Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Sa.wyer, Seott, and Stewart—2&.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton,
Cole, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of
Connecticut,v Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Goldth-
waite, Hamlin, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Mor-
ton, Nye, Patterson, Saulsburv. Sherman, Spencer,
Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—33.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nowlofferm^ amend-
ment as an amendment to the section as a
proviso.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Provided, Thatto entitle a person to payment for
services rendered under the provisions of tfhis sec-
tion, the services must have been rendered while
the mail route was under the actual control of the
United States and by a person who at the time was
loyal to the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. How wili the whole
section read then ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSecre-
tary will report it in connection.
The Chief Clerk. The section, if amended
as proposed, will then read:
That the sum of $250,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, is hereby appropriated to pay
unsettled claims against the Government of the
United States exclusively, in the States lately in
rebellion, previous to the31staayof May, A. D. 1861,
without proof of loyalty as prescribed by joint reso-
lution approved March 2, 1867: Provided, That to
entitle a person to payment for services rendered,
under the provisions of this section, the service
must have been rendered while the mail route was
under the actual control of the United States and
by a person who at the time was loyal to the United
States.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
And no payment shall be made under this section
to any person or -corporation until the Postmaster
General shall certify that satisfactory evidence has
been furnished to him that such person or corpora-
tion fulfilled the terms of the contract for carrying
the mails until the termination thereof'by the Uni-
ted States, and at the termination thereof delivered
or made effort in good faith to deliver to the United
States all mail-bags and other property of theUni-
ted States then in their possession under their con-
tracts.
The discussion has disclosed here that in.
the estimation of those who advocate the
adoption of this Section, all these contractors
were prevented from fulfilling their contsacts
by the United States stepping in and termin-
ating them. They are the victims, it seems,
of the arbitrary conduct of the United States,
and they are in the position of contractors
in good faith wishing to carry out their con-
tracts. If they were, certainly all the friends
of this measure ought to agree to the amend-
ment which I haye proposed, for it only re-
quires that they shall in good faith have
fulfilled the terms of their contract up until
the time that that contract was terminated
by the United States, and that then in good
faith they shall have made an effort to deliver
to the United States all its property in their
possession. If they did not make that effort
it is very good presumptive evidence that
they were on the other side of the question and
ought not to have any pay.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move to lay th,e
amendment to the amendment on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken.
Before the conclusion of the roll-call,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to extend the
time for the beginning of the recess until five
o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not in order during the roll-call.
The call of the roll was concluded, and the
result announced—yeas 28, nays 18; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, John-
ston, Kelly, Norwood, Pool, Ransom, Rice, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schura, Spraarue. Stevenson.
Xhurman, Trumbull, Viekers, and West—26.
NAYS-—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, ConkliBg, Cragin. Frelinghuysen, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Osborn, Pomeroy, -Pratt, Ramsey, Soott, Shorman,
and Stewart—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Cole, Corbett, Davia
of Kentucky .Edmunds.Fentou.Ferry of Conn ectiou t,
Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, uoldthwaite, Hamlin,
Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nye, Patter-
son, Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Wilson,
Windom, and Wright—30.
So the motion to lay on the table was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (at four
o'clock and thirty-two minutes p. m.) The
hour having arrived at which the Senate has
directed a recess be taken until half past seven
o'clock, the Senate now takes a recess until
that time.  
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire, Mr.
President, a brief executive session, and I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider;
ation of executive business.
The motion, was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After twenty-three minutes spent
in executive session the doors were reopened.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT SiiSW YORK.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask unanimous
consent to take up for consideration Senate
bill No. 1125, to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to acquire from the mayor and cor-
poration of the city of New York land on the
Battery for a custom-house and other Govern-
ment buildings.
The bill was read.
Mr. THURMAN. That had better lieover
for the present.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope the Senator
from Ohio will not ask that it be laid ovfcr.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, '(Mr. Ed-
munds in tha chair.) The bill is subject to
objections. It will therefore resume its placd
on the Calendar. The civil appropriation'bill
is before the Senate, and the question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois)
[Mr. Trcmboll.]
