1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8373
this city, who invented the base of a shell, or
the composition of metal, I believe it was, which
was of a very superior quality, was required to
assign the use of that patent to the Govern-
ment, and he did so. So Mr. Allin, of the.
Springfield armory, testified before a commit-
tee but a few days ago that the Government
paid no royalty to mechanics; that where they
invented anything while they were at work for
the Government they were allowed no royalty,
but the Government was entitled to the use
of the invention. That is the understanding
throughout all the Government Departments.
I know there is no law on the subject, and I
only spoke of it as a rule.
Mr. SCOTT. As I have already said, if
such a rule is imposed on our mechanics, it is
a usurpation of authority. There is no law
authorizing it, but on the contrary the Govern-
ment expressly ignores any such rule when it
grants its letters-patent, and gives the exclusive
right to the patentee.
But I was remarking that this officer, Ad-
miral Dahlgren, having made these inventions,
permitted the Government to use them. He
made no claim during his life. He was con-
tent that they should be used. But after his
death, after the Government has used them,
and not only used them, but, as my friend from
New Jersey has said, sent these gun to foreign
Governments; sent them to Japan, and sent
them, as I have the evidence here to show,
also, or at least they were sent with the con-
sent of the Government, to the Russian Gov-
ernment—after all this, and after he is dead,
his widow comes here, stating her limited cir-
cumstances, and asking that Congress give to
her at least money enough to erect a suitable
monument to the memory of that husband,
and to the memory of the equally gallant son
who gave up his life during the rebellion. She
does not come saying that the Government,
ought to pay a royalty, as the Senator from
Illinois says. No such thing. She does not
ask to have fixed by this Government, as
there is fixed upon the Rodman gun, as I un-
derstand, a royalty of so much per pound upon
every gun that is made; but she says: "The
Government, has had the use of this patent. It
is acknowledged to be a valuable invention. It
has not only had the use of it, but has made
generous use of it by sending it abroad to other
Governments; and here, with the patents yet
to run for some six or eight years, instead of
asking you for a royalty, I say to you, ' Give
me this reasonable sum, and the whole patent
shall be assigned over to the Government.'"
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. If the object is to erect a
monument to Admiral Dahlgren and to his
son, why not say so, and ask the Government
to give the money for that purpose ? I will
vote for it, and let us not dodge around the
bush and try to establish a principle that will
cost the Government millions of dollars. If
Admiral Dahlgren's widow is in indigent cir-
cumstances, vote her a pension ; I am ready
to do it, and a good one, too. That will vio-
late no principle. That is according to a
principle established, and one that is proper
and right. I do not care for the sum of
money. It is not the amount of money to
pay her or to erect a monument, but it is the
principle, that will cost the Government mil-
lions of dollars, that I object to.
Mr. SCOTT. I was stating not that I
wished money to be appropriated for that pur-
pose, but the substance of the petition which
was presented in this case stated that she was
in limited circumstances, and that it was her
desire to appropriate at least a part of this
money for the purpose which I have mentioned.
Mr. LOGAN. Let us vote it then without
dodging around the bush.
Mr. SCOTT. I have already argued the
principle upon which this is involved, and say
that the Government stands in such a position
that a private individual standing in the same
position would be estopped from denying this
claim. If I make a grant to the Senator from
Illinois, that grant is construed most strongly
against me. I cannot take'back anything that
is said in it. Here is a grant by the Government
of the United States to Admiral Dahlgren of
the exclusive use of these inventions for the
term of fourteen years, and the next day—he
could not prevent it—the Government turns
around and makes use of his invention, which
if a private party were to do he would sub-
ject himself to an action for doing. Now,
standing in this particular instance upon a
legal right, if a party can have a legal right,
against the Government, the Government has
done that which if done by a private indi-
vidual would subject that private individual
to an action; and if there is to be a policy
of this kind declared, it ought to be enacted
in the statute, and, as I have said, it. ought to
be a part of the letters-patent which every
man would see when he takes them into his
hand that the Government claims the right to
use this invention, for there are some inven-
tions (and that involved in this bill is one of
that character) which are of very little use to
any other party than to the Government; and
if this rule is to be applied, it would be saying
to those in the Government employment,
"Do your work and get your wages, but do
not think of improving the ordnance or any
of the other machinery that is in use in your
department by the Government."
Now, sir, this bill is not without precedent.
I remember a case which was before the
Naval Committee when I was a member of it
in which a private individual had invented a
safety-fuse, Mr. Hubbell, of Philadelphia.
Probably the Senator from New Jersey will
remember it. He had made several inven-
tions of that character which the Government
used during the late rebellion. They were in
use, I believe, upon the Kearsarge at the very
time the Alabama was destroyed. He claimed
that by means of that very invention Ahat ves-
sel was successful in that action. When he
came to the Government they did not turn him
away and say, " Here is an invention which
we used, but which we had the right to use."
They turned him over to the Court of Claims,
and he recovered his money, not as much as
he thought he ought to have, but some two
hundred thousand dollars, I think, against the
Government for the use of that safety-fuse.
Here the bill which we propose to send to
the Court of Claims puts into it all the cir-
cumstances that the Senator from Illinois has
relied upon. They are to consider that the
admiral was an officer, that his time was due
to the Government, that the inventions which
he tested were tested probably at the expense
of the Government; and, considering all this,
they are to determine what ought to be paid
to his widow, and that the payment of that
sum shall vest absolutely in the Government
the remaining life of the patents, as well as
be a discharge for their former use.
I can see no such danger as the Senator
from Illinois anticipates from the passage of
this bill; and I think, considering what is
urged in the petition, considering the services
of Admiral Dahlgren, considering the services
of his family to the country, we shall be doing
but-little toward discharging the debt that is
due to them by permitting his widow to go into
the Court of Claims and there have her right
as a suitor against the Government which she
would have against any private individual who
had used the inventions of her husband.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President, I do not
propose to discuss this question, but as the
Senator from Illinois has stated, as I under-
stood him, that this was without precedent,
and that the Government has universally
claimed the right to use these patents, I send
to the Clerk the opinion of a much better law-
yer than myself on this subject. I ask the
Clerk to read the parts that I have marked.
The question was decided by the chief of ord-
nance, General Dyer, and decided as held by
the Senator from Illinois. That question was
referred to Judge Holt, Judge Advocate Gen-
eral, and I desire that the Senate shall hear
his opinion on that point.
The Secretary read as follows:
" On the contrary, the opinion is entertained that
the fact that an invention has been perfected by a
Government employ® at a public workshop, and
with the tools and materials in use there, as well as
at a period when the time and labor of the party
were at the disposal of the Government by virtus of
its contraot with him, should notof itself be deemed
conclusive against a claim interposed by bim to be
paid by the United Statos for the permanent use
of such invention, especially where (as is proposed
in this instanoe) the patent-right is upon suoh pay-
ment wholly transferred, if in experimenting,
framing his models, &c., the party has availed him-
self to any extent of the time, materials, or Jabor of
the Government, or its operatives, the value of
these should betaken into account in determining
what may be a reasonable price for the use and
transfer of the invention ana patent; but because
of his so availing himself, it cannot justly be hold
that the entire product of the labor of his hands and
brain should accrue of right to his employer. He
was employed, indeed, not to make this invention,
butfor other and ordinary labor, and if ho properly
performed the latter, while at the same time per-
fecting the former, the Government, while it has
no cause to oomplain, should, it is thought, deem
itself fortunate that it has afforded an opportunity
to its skilled employ^ to exercise his genius, espe-
cially when exercised, as here, for its own imme-
diate benefit. And in suoh a oase the Government,
if desiring to secure a permanent property in the
invention, should not be unwilling to remunerate
the inventor in such a sum as—considering how far
it may have itself contributed to the result—may be
just and reasonable. If an opposite view, indeed,
should prevail, the inventive talent of publio oper-
atives, instead of being stimulated, would be dis-
couraged, or, if exerted at all, would be placed in
the first instance at the command of pvivato indi-
viduals or companies, with whom, perhaps, in the
end, tho Government would be forced to contract at
a greatly advanced price,
"It may bo observed, also, that under our patent
laws, it is only the inventor, the person in whose
brain the now form or method has beon ooneeived,-
who can be invested with the patent-right. To one
who may have furnished the labor or materials
necessary to its completion, a patent cannot be
issued, for the subject of tho patent itf regarded as
the property of the inventor only. In this instanco,
therefore, the proportyof Wrightin his linchpin is
recognized bylaw, and the United States for merely
using the same lor publio purposes, (in tho absence
of any contraot.) would be obliged to render him a
proper compensation.
"It remains only to add that no precedent has
been discovered in which the'principle'understood
by General Dyer to be an ' admitted' one—that the
United States is entitled to use an invention per-
fected under circumstances similar to those reported
in the ease of Wright without the payment of royalty
or any compensation for the patent—has been in
any manner acknowledged. On tho contrary, there
are believed to have been repeated instances in
which the opposite view has been taken by the Gov-
ernment; and of these the case of Captain Bodinan
is perhaps the most conspicuous. The invention of
that officer was perfected by him while in the United
States service, and was the result of experiments
made in Government founderies; moreover, the in-
vention was tes'ted at a very heavy public expense
before being adopted; but while it was held that,
being an officer in the military service, he could not
legally sell his patent to the United States, his right
to be suitably recompensed for the same as private
property, upon its being taken and used by the
Government, was treated nobody a question. (See
Report of Commission on Ordnanoe and Ordnance
Stores, pages 549, 571.)"
Mr. LOGAN. That does not controvert
the proposition I made at all. That was where
the patent was absolutely sold to the Govern-
ment of the United Stales or taken by the
Government of the United States.
Mr. WINDOM. The question was whether
the Government was bound to compensate an
inventor for his patent when he was in the
employ of the Government.
Mr. LOGAN. For his patent—not for the
use of it.
Mr. WINDOM. For the use of his patent.
Mr. STOCKTON. If thp Senator front
Illinois does not see that that opinion of Judge
Holt controverts his position, it would be very
useless in me to attempt to satisfy him that he
was wrong in the legal position he took.
Mr. President, if the Government furnished
the men it employed with braies as well as
with tools, there might be some reason for it to
claim the absolute use of all their, inventions,
but there was a higher Power that gave brains
