1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is ascertained to be present. The Chair will
indicate the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Potter] and the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Killinger] as tellers on the motion
to adjourn, and until a quorum is reported to
the Chair he will entertain no motion what-
ever, except a motion for a call of the House.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, the House divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 26, noes 103; more than a
quorum having voted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. LOWE. I wish to say in regard to the
bill which I have presented that, although I
regard it as a very just measure, inasmuch as
the House does not seem disposed to entertain
it to-day I withdraw it for the present.
navy department investigation.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the following resolu-
tion adopted.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas certain charges have appeared in news-
papers of large circulation published in the city of
New York and elsewhere calculated to affect injuri-
ously the reputation of the Secretary of the Navy,
and to cast doubts upon the integrity of his admin-
istration of the Navy Department: Therefore,
Remlved, That a select committee of five be
appointed to investigate any irregularities charged,
and to inquire generally into the administration of
the affairs of the Navy Department during the
incumbency of the present Secretary, and report
the same to this House; and that the said commit-
tee may hold sessions by a quorum or by sub-com-
mittees of such number as the committee shall del-
egate; and that they have power to send for per-
sons and papers, to administer oaths to witnesses,
and to employ a clerk, with such stenographic assist-
ance as they shall find necessary.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. With the consent
of the House, 1 will yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Basks.]
Mr. BANKS. I send to the desk a letter
from the Secretary of the Navy, and ask that
it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Navy Department,
Washington, March 8,1872.
Dear Sir: I see by the Globe that a resolution
was offered for the appointment of a committee to
investigate the management of the Navy Depart-
ment, and that you felt it to bo your duty under the
circumstances to object to its consideration. Of
course I cannot, pretend to dictate the action of
members of the House, but I think it right to say to
you that if any allegation of wrong is made or sug-
gested from any respectable source against the Navy
Department or myself, I shall be glad to have an
investigation ordered, as this seems to be the only
means of defense and justification at the command
of a public officer who is attacked.
Therefore, while I do not seek to control your
ideas of official duty, I shall be glad if you would
either renew the motion yourself, or withdraw your
objection should it be made by any one else.
Very truly, yours,
GEO. M. ROBESON.
Hon. N. P. Banks, House of Representatives.
The question being taken, the rules were
suspended, and the resolution adopted.
order of business.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, rose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] is recognized foramotion
to suspend the rules. But the Chair asks the
gentleman to withhold that motion long enough
to allow gentlemen who were not in their seats
during the call of States to present the bills
which they desire to have referred.
martin zeeb.
Mr. KILLINGER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1920) granting a
pension to Martin Zeeb ; which was read a
first andsecond time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
compensation of claim agents.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1926) to regulate the
compensation of agents and attorneys prose-
cuting claims or demands before Congress and
the Executive Departments of the Government,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
SURETIES ON MAIL CONTRACTS.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1921) to authorize the
Postmaster General to accept new sureties on
contracts for carrying the mails; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
general nicholas herkimer.
Mr. POTTER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1922) to appro-
priate $5,000 for a monument to General
Nicholas Herkimer; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
bankruptcy act.
Mr. STRONG, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1923) to repeal an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States;"
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United Slates, and ordered to be
printed.
illegal taxes on passengers.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1924) to punish the
collection of illegal taxes on passengers; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
immigration.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1925) to promote immigration to
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, recommitted to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
thomas ridgeway.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1927) for
the relief of Thomas Ridgeway; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
compensation for indian depredations.
On motion of Mr. AVERILL, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Indian Affairs were
discharged from the further consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1528) to provide for the
auditing and payment of claims for compen-
sation for Indian depredations ; and the same
was laid on the table.
Mr. AVERILL moved toreconsiderthe vote
by which the bill was laid oil the table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal op political disabilities.
Mr. BRIGHT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1928) for the removal
of the political disabilities of certain persons ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
fokeign commerce of the united states.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (H.
R. No. 1743) for the encouragement of the
foreign commerce of the United States, with
the amendments reported by the Committee
on Commerce, were recommitted to that com-
mittee, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be
entered.
mexico.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
the rules be suspended for the purpose of adopt-
ing the following resolution;
Whereas Mexico, a neighboring and conterminous
territory, is and has been in a state of revolution
now for half a century; and whereas on our borders
there are constant raids and inroads more or less
destructive to life and to the property of the people
of these United States, thus demanding from our
Government decided action; and whereas philan-
thropy, humanity, and Christianity thus shocked
revolt from this continuous shedding of humairMoot!
in endless civil wars which are depopulating the
country and reducing the people thereof to bar-
barism : Therefore,
Beit resolved, (the Senate concurring therein,) That
the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives appoint a joint commit-
tee, three from each body, to devise the wisest and
best policy to be pursued in reference to Mexico and
for the establishment of law and order on our own
borders.
The question was put upon suspending the
rules ; and there were—ayes 52, noes 78.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 72, nays 88, not voting 80; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Barnum,
Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks, Buffinton, Benjamin P. Butler, Caldwell,
Carroll, Cobb, Coghlan, Comingo, Conner, Critcher,
Crossland, Dox, Mdredge, Farwell. Garrett, Qetz,
Golladay, Haldeinan, Hambleton, Hancock, Hand-
ley, Harper, John T. Harris, Hereford, Holman.
King, Leach, Lewis. Manson, McClelland, MoCor-
mick, McHenry, MeKee, Merrick, Benjamin J?.
Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, Niblack, Pendleton, Eli
Perry, Potter, Price, Randall. Read, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Sargent,
Sheldon, Slater, Sloss, Storm, Sutherland, Swann,
Sypher, Terry, Van Trump. Voorheea, Waddell,
Warren, Wells, Williams of New York, Winchester,
and Wood—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Austin
Blair, Buckley, Burchard.Burdett, Roderick R. But-
ler, Freeman Clarke, Conger. Darrall, Davis, Dawes,
Donnan, Duell, Dunnell, Finkelnburg, Krye, Gar-
field, Halsey, Harmer, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W.
Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Kelley, Killinger, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch,
Marshall, MeCrary, McGrew. McJunkin, Mercur,
Merriam, Monroe, Leonard Myers, Orr, Packard,
Palmer, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Poland, Prin-
dle, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Seeley, Shanks,
Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather. Stoughton, Strong,
TatFe. Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Ty-
ner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Willard. Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—88.
NOT YOT1NG—Messrs. Archer. Barry, Beck, Bell,
Biggs, Boles, George M.Brooks, Campbell, William
T. Clark, Coburn, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Creely,Crocker,
De Large, Dickey. Du Bose, Duke, Eames, Elliott,
Ely, Farnsworch, Forker, Charles Foster, Henry D.
Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Goodrich, Griffith, Hale,
Hanks, George E. Harris, Havens, Herndon, Hib-
bard, Houghton, Kellogg. Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham,
Kin3ella. Lamison. Maynard, Mclntyre, McKinney,
McNeely. Moore, Morey, Morphis, Negley, Packer,
Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Peters,
Porter, Rainey, Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers, Roose-
velt, Seolield, Sessions, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shober, Sloeum, R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stowell, St. John, Thomas, Dwight Townsend.
Tutniil, Vaughan, Wallace, Walls, Whitthorne, and
Young—80.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
public building at trenton, new jersey.
Mr. HALSEY. I move that the rules be
so suspended that Senate bill No. 442, to
amend an act entitled ''An act to provide for
a building suited to the use of the post office,
the pension and revenue officers, and the judi-
cial officers of the United States in the city
of Trenton, New Jersey," approved March 3,
1871, be now taken from the Speaker's table
and passed.
The bill, which was read, limits the entire
cost of the building heretofore authorized to
be constructed at Trenton, New Jersey, in-
cluding the site thereof, to the sum of $250,000^
and appropriates $150,000 in addition to the
amount heretofore appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated ; and provides that the said building,
instead of being constructed strictly fire-proof,
shall have a fire-proof vault extending to each
story ; and that all money heretofore and here-
by appropriated shall be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
who shall cause proper plans and estimates to
be made, so that no expenditure shall be made
or authorized for the full completion of said
building beyond the amount heretofore and
hereby appropriated ; provided that no money
heretofore or hereby appropriated shall be
used or applied for the purpose until a valid
title to the land for the site of such building
shall be vested in the United States, and until
