1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2477
not less than $1,000 nor more than $5,000,
and may also, in the discretion of the court,
be imprisoned not less than thirty days nor
more than one year.
The eighth section provides that any in-
former or other person who shall maliciously
and without due cause, or upon false or fraudu-
lent representations, on oath or affirmation,
knowing them to be such, procure, or cause
to be procured, any warrant of seizure under
this act, shall be liable to all the pains and
penalties of perjury, and any officer or per-
son who shall, except in the discharge of his
official duties or in the course of judicial pro-
ceedings or before a congressional committee,
divulge, expose, or make public any inform-
ation or facts derived or obtained by means
of any seizure or proceeding under this act,
shall, on conviction, be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and punished in the manner
prescribed in the last preceding section.
The ninth section provides that any officer
or person offending as aforesaid, or who shall,
by virtue of any warrant issued under this act,
unnecessarily harass, injure, or interrupt any
person or firm in the prosecution of his or their
lawful business, shall be answerable therefor
to such person or firm in an action on the case,
in any United States court of competent juris-
diction, and the party plaintiff therein may re-
cover both general and special damages, but
no recovery shall be had unless such action
shall have been brought within one year from
the issuance of such warrant or from the term-
ination of any suit resulting therefrom.
The tenth section enacts that no warrant
shall issue under this aet unless it shall appear
by the complaint that the alleged fraud was
committed within five years next preceding
the application therefor, but such warrant
may, notwithstanding, issue as an interlocu-
tory proceeding in any suit or prosecution
under the customs revenue laws now pending
or hereafter commenced.
Mr. DAWES. This bill is fully explained
in a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
which I will cause to be read as the only
explanation I desire to submit, further than
to say that the bill is reported unanimously by
the Committee of Ways and Means, having
been in charge of one of the ablest lawyers
of the committee, who has examined it with
great care and given it his approval. It has
been prepared in response to a very largely-
signed petition which I hold in my hand.
Mr. HALE. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts if he will accept this amend-
ment, to come in at the end of section one?
The Clerk read as follows :
And there shall hereafter be no seizure nor exam-
ination of private books and papers for the purposes
of discovering frauds upon the revenue, cxccpt undor
the provisions of this act.
Mr. DAWES. That is not at all necessary,
for the whole act excludes anything of the
sort. Any one who does it otherwise than as
this bill provides subjects himself, under the
provisions of the bill, to very severe penalty.
Mr. BECK. That is what this very act was
intended to accomplish.
Mr. DAWES. As the gentleman from Ken-
tucky says, that is what the act is for. The
aet is to provide this method and to make any
other method unlawful.
Mr. HALE. I have no doubt that is the
intention of the committee, but as I listened to
the reading by the Clerk it did seem to me
that some such amendment as I have offered
was necessary. By the adoption of my amend-
ment no harm could be done, but on the con-
trary some good might be effected by enfor-
cing more emphatically this very provision.
If, however, the gentlemen of the committee
are of the opinion the bill as it is accom-
plishes that very object, I will not insist on my
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Indi-
ana who had charge of this particular sub
•jeet can assure the House that it is the in-
tention of the committee to provide the sever-
est penalties against any other method being
adopted in reference to these seizures than
that which is set forth in the bill itself. Par-
ties under the bill will subject themselves to
private actions for proceeding otherwise than
under the provisions of this bill.
Mr. HALE. What I want is that all these
seizures shall be under this law, and there
shall be none outside the provisions of this
law.
Mr. BECK. That is the very thing which
this law provides, and what it was intended to
provide.
Mr. DAWES. I will now yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I will not detain
the House but a few minutes. This bill has
been prepared mainly in response to the peti-
tion which I hold in my hand, signed by citi-
zens of twenty-five States of the Union, and
mainly by business men having more or less
to do with the customs revenue and customs
officers of the country. In response to this
very numerously signed petition, several bills
have been introduced into this House and in
the Senate, and received in each appropriate
reference. They were designed to relieve the
merchants of the country from great and irri-
tating abuses which have grown up under
existing laws. Those several bills were from
time to time sent to the Treasury Department
for careful official examination and opinion.
The Treasury Department at length, with the
aid of the legal officers of the Treasury, set
themselves to work to prepare this bill. And
now I want to say to the House, though not
one line of this bill was prepared by me, nor
changed by me or the committee, yet I am
prepared now to say, on careful examination
of its provisions, that I believe it to be an excel-
lent measure, and I very fully approve it, and
not because it is all I would have such a bill
to be, nor because it contains all the safe-
guards I think such a law should contain, but
chiefly because by every line and section of
this law it does provide for and if enacted will
accomplish very great reforms in the existing
law. These reforms cannot be too soon inau-
gurated. They are exceedingly important;
they are demanded by common justice. I
believe the reforms as proposed in this law
are as effectual and as thorough and go quite
as far as the Treasury Department, with all of
its experience in such cases and familiarity
with these laws and their practical operation,
is willing to go. After a conscientious consid-
eration, I think the law might well go further
and do more, but its speedy enactment is so
important that I prefer not to antagonize any
of its provisions of the whole question. I
believe, therefore, without going into the de-
tails of the bill, that the House is more than
safe in passing it at once ; and I will here say
that the exceedingly intelligent merchants ot
the country who are most interested iu its en-
actment through tbeir agent here, not a lob-
byist, not a schemer of any kind, but an hon-
orable and competent gentleman, have exam-
ined and approved the whole bill, excepting
only two provisions, and they are such as do
not very materially diminish the value of the
general measure. One of their suggestions I
would gladly see incorporated, but I do not
desire to arrest the enactment of the bill even
for a single amendment. The evils it is in-
tended to remedy are so great and so unjust
to large classes of citizer.s that relief cannot
be given too soon. I would not ask the House
to enact such a law as this without greaier
deliberation, if it had not been so fully and
carefully considered by competent experts
and officers. The bill prevents the reckless
seizure of the invoices, books, and papers of
merchants by irresponsible persons or mere
subordinate officers, and requires that here-
after all such things shall be done with due
and reasonable formality upon proper and
specific complaint, and with warrant issued
upon judicial order.
Mr. DAWES. I understand there is other
business, and after the Secretary's letter has
been read I hope we will have a vote.
Mr. WOOD. This bill undoubtedly is framed
in the interest of what is correct and right. It
is intended to remedy a very great abuse ; but
there are some parts of the bill which, in my
judgment, are open to grave objections. This
bill will permit books and papers of any mer-
chant who is thought to have violated any of
the revenue laws of the country to be seized,
sealed up, and to be kept from the inspection
of anybody until the case is adjudicated.
Now, sir, I would like to see a proviso in
that bill that where, in consequence of sus-
picion, there has been a seizure of books and
papers, the merchant whoso papers have been
seized may have access to them, under the
supervision and inspection of an officer of the
court, for the purpose of enabling him to con-
tinue the transaction of his ordinary business.
I am under the impression, from the reading
of the bill by the Clerk, that that important
proviso has been entirely omitted. If that be
so, I should like to have it amended in that
regard before I can support it.
Mr. KERR. I would like to say, in reply
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
that this bill very carefully guards the interests
of merchants, in their invoices, books, and
private papers, against any interference of this
kind, except upon a very formal complaint,
indorsed by the customs officers, and not by
subordinates, and further approved by the
proper Federal court. No papeis, accounts,
&c., can be taker, ou the mere motion of an
officer after the enactment of this law. Then,
it is further provided, as a further security to
merchants against the injurious use of their
books after they shall be seized, that tliey shall
be sealed Op and kept from the whole world
until the time comes for their judicial examina-
tion. ' It is required that they shall be tied up
and absolutely sealed by the officers, so tli^f
competing merchants or personal enemies,
engaged in the same or other business, shall
have no access to these books at all, and so
that there can be no wrong of that kind per-
petrated on the merchants who may be under
the process of the law.
I desire to say just one word more. Tt is
further provided that, in the discretion of the
court, these books, pending litigation, may
upon the order of the court be given back to
the business man, fiim, or parties whose prop-
erty they are, in order that they may be made
available for the purposes of their business. I
think that this provision is veiy reasonable
and wholesome. The dangers to which my
fneud from New York [Mr. Wooo] refers I
think are well provided against by the terms
of this law.
Mr. DAWES. As other business presses,
I will let this go over until to-morrow, and
ask that in the mean time the bill be printed.
The SPEAKER. If there be. no objection
the bill will be printed, and will go over until
to-morrow after the reading of the Journal as
unfinished business.
There was no objection.
Mr. BECK. I ask that the letter from the
Secretary of the Treasu y be printed in the
Globe.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered. The letter is as follows:
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C., J larch 21, 1S7I!.
Sin : I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of
your letter of the lllh instant, .-ubmiuir.g tor my
consideration a bill (It. H- j-VO. lUbS) "to requisite
seizures," &<!., with the request that I will statu any
objections I may find to its provisions, and my
opinion as to the necessity of its becoming a. law.
The law relating to the seizure of books and
papers in revenue cases was brought to nay notice in
January, 1871, by a letter from the .J udiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate, to whom had been referred a
