1582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1],
the State shall also duly release and relinquish
to the United States the right to tax or in any
way assess said site, or the property of the
United States that maybe thereon, during the
time that the United States shall bo or remain
the owner thereof.
. The question was taken upon suspending the
roles; and (two thirds voting in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, the bill taken from
the Speaker's table, and passed.
mixed schools, etc.
Mr. HEREFORD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit for consideration at this time a
preamble and resolution that I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas it is one of the fundamental principles
of our form of government that Governments derive
their just powers from the consent of the governed:
Therefore,
Be it resolved. That it would be contrary to the
Constitution and a tyrannical usurpation of power
for Congress to force mixed schools upon the States,
and equally unconstitutional and tyrannical for
Congress to pass any law interfering with churches,
public carriers, or innkeepers, such subjects of
legislation belonging of right to the States respect-
ively.
Mr. PERCE. I object.
.Mr. HEREFORD. I move that the rules
be suspended and the resolution adopted, and
on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask a single question?
Mr. HEREFORD. Very well.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman mean that Congress cannot inter-
fere by law for the protection of life and travel
on steamboats by requiring safe boilers and
life-boats?
Mr. HEREFORD. That is already provided
for.
Mr. W. H. ROBERTS. I object to debate.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Hereford, to suspend the rules; and
there were—ayes 61, nays 86, not voting 93 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Braxton, James Brooks, Caldwell, Comingo, Conner,
Crobs, Oritcher, Grassland, Davis, Dox, Du Bose,
Eldredge, Unrrett. Uetz, Oolhuhiy, llambletoii, 11 j n-
cock, 11 and Icy, Harper, .John T. Harris, llorcford.
Hill, Kerr, King. Leach, Lewis, Mimson, Marshall,
McClelland,MoUori/iick.Mellenry, Merrick, .Benja-
min I1. Meyer*, Morgan, .NibJiick, Eli I'erry, Potter,
Pricc, Read, Edivurd Y. Rice, John M. Rico, Wil-
liam R. Roberts,.Roosevelt, Shobcr, Slater, Sloss,
Storm, Swann, Torry, Van Trump, Voorhees, War-
ren, Wells, Whiteley. Winchester, and Wood—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, licatty, Bevcridge, Bing-
ham, Austin Blair, Buckley, BuHiuton, Burehard,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It. Butler,
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Darrall, Dawes, Donnan,
Dannell, Finkelnbnrg, Charles Foster, Wilder I).
Foster, Fryo. Garfield, Goodrich, llarmer, Hawley,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hoar,
Hooper, Houghton, ICclley, Lamport, Lansing,
Lynch, McGrew, McJuukm, McKee, Mercur, Mer-
i-iam, Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr,
Packard, Palmer. Isaac 0. Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Perce, Aaron F. Perry. Piatt, Poland, Prindlo, Ellis
H. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Seeley, Shanks, Sheldon,
Shoemaker, H. lloarduian Smith. John A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stoughton, Strong,
Sypbor. Tafi'e, Washington Townsond,Turner,Tyner,
Upson,Waddell, Waketnan, Walden,Wheeler,Whit-
thorne, Willard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T.
Wilson—86.
SOX "VOTING—Messrs. Ambler. Ames. Archer,
Averill, Banks, Barber, Barnurn, Barry, Bell, Bigby.
James G. Blair, Boles, Btight, George M. Brooks,
Campbell, Carroll, William T. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Coghlan, Cotton, Cox, Crcely, Crocker, fie
Large, Dickey. Duell, Duke, Eaines, lSlhott, Ely,
I'arnswortll, Farwell, Fork or, Henry D. Foster,
Griffith, Haldeman, Halo, Halsev, Hanks, George i'l
Harris, Havens, Hay, Hays, Herndon, Hibbard,
Holman, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketchain, Killinger,
Kinseila. Lamison, Lowe, Maymird, MoCrary, Me-
lntyre, McKhmey, McNeely,Mitchell, Moore. Mor-
phis, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Peters, Porter,
llainoy. Randall. Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers, Sar-
gent, Scofield, Sessions, Shellabarger, Sherwood.
Stoeum, R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Thoimis, DwigUt
Townsend, Tutbill. Twicheil, Vaughan. Waldron,
Wallace. Walls, Williams of Indiana, Williams of
New York, and Young—93.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
During the call of tlie roll,
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, said: On
this question I am paired with Mr. McNeely,
of Illinois ; if he were present he would vote
"ay," and I would vote "no."
Mr. B. P. MEYERS. My colleague, Mr. R.
Milton Speer, is detained from his seat by
reason of sickness in his family ; if present
he would vote "ay."
The vote was announced as above recorded.
message from tiib president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Pouter, his Private Secretary;
who further announced that the President had
approved and signed House bills of the follow-
ing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 213) to authorize the
issuing of a certificate of registry to the brig
Michael and Anna;
Au act (H. R. No. 383) to authorize the
construclion of a bridge across the Missouri
river at or near St. Joseph, Missouri;
An act (H. R. No. 1074) to provide for the
survey of the harbor and river at Washington,
District of Columbia;
An act (H. 11. No. 1260) to provide for the
admission of paintings, statuary, and photo-
graphs for exhibition free of duty ;
An act (H. R. No. 1333) to amend section
thirty-five of an act entitled "An act to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes;"
An act (H. R. No. 1342) supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to prevent the exterm-
ination of fur-bearing animals in Alaska;"
An act (H. R. No. 1417) for the relief of
George \V. Morse;
An act (II. R. No. 1609) authorizing an
American register to the British biig Isadore,
owned by Edwin M. Fowle, of Newton, Mas-
sachusetts ; and
An act (H. 11. No. 1760) to repeal the par-
agraphs of schedule C of the internal revenue
acts imposing taxes on canned meats, fish,
and certain other articles.
public building, utica, new york.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I move to suspend
the rules to take from the Speaker's table and
pass a bill (S. No. 376) to provide for a build-
ing for the use of the post office, circuit and
district courts, and internal revenue offices, at
Utica, New York.
The bill was read. It authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to cause
to be constructed a suitable building, with a
fire-proof vault extending to each story, at
Utica, New York, for the accommodation of
the post office, United States circuit and dis-
trict courts, and internal revenue offices ; and
for this purpose there is appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $200,000, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, who shall cause proper plans and
estimates to be made, so that no expenditure
shall be made or authorized for the full com-
pletion of the building and payment for the
site thereof beyond the amount herein appro-
priated. None of the money appropriated is
to be used or applied for the purposes men-
tioned until a valid title to the land for the site
of such building shall be vested in the United
States, nor until the State-shall also duly re-
lease and relinquish to the United States the
right to tax or in any way assess the site, or
the property of the United States that may be
thereon, during the time that the United States
shall be or remain owner thereof.
Mr. TYNER. I think that this bill ought to
go to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds. I know of no pressing necessity that
justifies action at this time, and if it is in order
I will move that the biil be so referred.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I ask unanimous
consent only to say that Utica is the chief
city of four congressional districts; that it is
therefore a very large distributing post office.
It is besides a point at which are held the terms
of the United States courts for the northern
district of New York, embracing eighteen con-
gressional districts and two million people.
This bill was reported from the Senate com-
mittee and was passed in the Senate without
material objection. A bill substantially the
same has been before the House committee;
and I have the authority of the chairman of
that committee for saying that a large majority
of the committee favor the bill. I therefore
ask that the rules may be suspended and the
bill passed.
Mr. TYNER. If I may be heard for a
moment I desire simply to say that though a
proposition of this kind has been before the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
there has been no consideration of it which
will enable any one to say what the views of
the several members of the committee may be.
I am not prepared to say even that I would
myself oppose the passage of the bill. But
this House and the Senate have passed one
bill providing for the erection of a public
building at Albany at a cost of $300,000;
some further appropriations will be required
to prosecute the work on the post office and
court-house building in the city of New York,
and there are several propositions before the
committee for the erection of buildings at
different localities in that State. Before any
action is taken on the subject it seems to me
entirely proper that the committee should
have the opportunity of examining all these
bills with reference to the State ot New York
and other States, and to determine which they
will recommend the House to pass. I hope
that the House will not sustain the motion to
suspend the rules and pass the bill, but that it
will be referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I do not desire to
go over the ground suggested by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Tyner,] but 
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to debate.
The question being taken ou the motion to
suspend the rules, there were—ayes 66, 11003
40; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. E. H. Rob-
erts and Mr. Tyxer were appoinled.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty-one, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the motion of Mr. E. H. Roberts
was not agreed to.
Mr. TYNER. I ask consent that the bill be
taken from the Speaker's tabie and referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
public building, st. louis, missouri.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I^ask unani-
mous consent to take from the Speaker's table
Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
619) appropriating money for the purchase
of a suitable site and erecting a building
thereon in the city of St. Louis, Missouri, to
be used for the purposes of a custom-house,
post office, and other Federal offices.
There being no objection, the Clerk read the
Senate amendments, as follows:
Page 2, line ten, after the word "authorized," in-
sert the words "for the site exceeding $500,000, nor;"
so itwill read, "Provided, That no expenditure shall
be made or authorized for the site exceeding SoOO.OOO,
nor for the lull completion of said building exceed-
ing $2,000,000," &c.
On page 2, line eleven, after the word " building,"
insert "site;" so it will read, " tor the full comple-
tion of said building and site."
Page 2, line eleven, after "$2,000,000," insert
"8250,000;" so it will read, "$2,250,000."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved that the
amendments of the Senate be non-concurred
in, and the House ask for a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
navy department investigation.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the committee under the resolution of the
House passed this morning, ordering an in.
