686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
work done on the new State Department m this city
under the direction of Mr. A. B. Mullett, supervis-
ing architect of the Treasury, and report to this
House why a stone familiarly known as 'Seneca
sandstone" was used in the foundation walls instead
of granite, as ordered by the joint Committees on
Public Buildings and Grounds, of the Senate and
Housej also, by whose authority the change was
made; and whether the work is beitig done in a
proper and substantial manner; whether it be true
that the frost has seriously damaged the Seneca
sandstone already used in the foundation walls; and
that the committee be authorized to send for per-
sons and papers and to take testimony on all ques-
tions relating to contracts for stone and the work so
far as it has progressed.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
Mr. GETZ. I move to suspend the rules in
order to adopt the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
make that motion while the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is on the floor.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts has not the power to give another member
of the House the right to introduce a resolu-
tion by unanimous consent, and deny him a
right to move a suspension of the rules in case
of an objection. I submit that the motion for
a suspension of the rules is entirely in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's state-
ment is true in the abstract; but it does not
cover the existing state of facts. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts was upon the floor,
and at the suggestion of the Chair waived his
right in order that business which could pro-
ceed by unanimous consent might proceed. If
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
objects, that ends the matter.
Mr. GETZ. If the Ciiair will entertain my
motion to suspend the rules after the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawiss] has
had action on his proposition, I will not press
my motion now.
Mr. WOOD. My point is, that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts cannot yield the floor
to allow a resolution to be introduced by
unanimous consent, and then refuse to admit
a motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The very condition on
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Getz] and other gentlemen have taken the
floor was that they should submit propositions
which would not cause objection.
Mr. WOOD. I submit that by no contract
between the Speaker and a member can the
right to make a motion to suspend the rules
be denied.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must be
aware that, nothing is more common than an
arrangement that, business may be allowed to
proceed by unanimous consent, and that if any
matter arises to which there is objection it
shall not be admitted.
Mr. WOOD. I think that such an arrange-
ment is a violation of the rules of the House
and of the rights of members.
The SPEAKER. That very arrangement
has this morning operated to the convenience
of more than fifty members of the House who
otherwise could not have presented their mat-
ters of business. But as the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] objects, thegentleman
from Massachusetts will pioceed.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to call up the con-
current resolution from the Senate providing
for the final adjournment of Congress.
CUBAN BELLIC.ER1SNCY.
Mr. VOORHEES. Before the gentleman
from Massachusetts proceeds with that busi-
ness I would like to make a single remark in
the nature of a personal explanation. When
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
oflered his amendment to my resolution in
regard to Cuba, the Clerk in reading it sub-
stituted the woid ''classification'' for "pacifi-
cation." Of course I do not reflect upon the
Clerk, because we all write badly, especially
editors. But hearing the resolution in that,
way I could not make any sense of it, and
consequently made the remark I did. I have
had the curiosity to look at the manuscript,
and find it in the word "pacification." Iwith-
draw anything that might be considered as a
reflection on the gentleman from New York,
and am perfectly willing that his amendment
shall go to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. If there be 110 objection
the resolution of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] will be printed in con-
nection with that of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Vookhees,] and will be referred
along with it to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
clerks in interior department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, asking that he be
authorized by Congress to employ twelve addi-
tional clerks in his ofEce; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
lake michigan ship-canal.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter of the Secre-
retary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of January 18, 1872, in relation to
Sturgeon Bay and Lake Michigan ship-canal;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
rev. jonathan l. mann.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the relief of Rev.
Jonathan L. Mann; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
robert soutiierland.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the petition of Rob-
ert Southerland, for pay for certain alleged
military services; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
bowen vs. be large.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a paper in the con-
tested-election case of Bowen vs. De Large,
from the second congressional district of South
Carolina ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled, bills of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 390) granting a pension to
Sarah Evans;
An act (H. R. No. 434) to establish certain
post routes in the State of Iowa; and
An act (H. R. No. 1061) to authorize the
payment of duplicate checks of disbursing
officers.
pinal adjournment.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the Senate
concurrent resolution fixing the time for the
final adjournment of this session of Congress.
The Clerk read as follows:
In Senate, January 26, 1872.
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That each House of Congress shall
be adjourned sine die by the Presiding Officer thereof
on Wednesday, the 29th of May, 1872, at twelve
o'clock m.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Massachusetts will allow me to submit a sub-
stitute for the proposition of the Senate, to be
read at the desk.
Mr. DAWES. Wait a moment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
not object to the reading of my resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I call up this
resolution thus early because it seems to me
whatever disposition the House intends to
make of it should be known at once, so that
the business of the House may conform to
that action. It is unnecessary to say, sir, that
this resolution is unusual not only in its origin
but in the time of its introduction. While
every gentleman is desirous of making as
short a session as possible, every man's device
to that end seems to fail. I suppose the
resolution had its origin in the idea, if we fix
at the earliest possible moment the time of
adjournment, we should conform our business
to thai fact, and therefore should realize this
adjournment; that is, be more likely to realize
it than by any postponement of the fact of
fixing the time. In other words, if we fix at
the beginning the time of the 29th of May, we
should so conform business to that fact that we
should be more likely to adjourn on the 29th of
May than if we waited a month or two before
fixing the 29th of May. My own idea is that we
can just as easily adjourn on the 29th of May
as on the 29th of July, if we understand when
we commence work we are going to adjourn
on the 29th of May. When we come here in
December for the session which by law term-
inates on the 4th of March, with that knowl-
edge, all the work of the session is disposed
of before the 4th of March; and when we
come here in December and the length of the
session is indefinite anil depends on ourselves
as to when we shall adjourn, the session has
generally been prolonged until midsummer.
Whether the House think we should terminate
this session on the 29th of May or at some
later period, they will judge for themselves.
I have called up the resolution so that what
the House desire they will do now. If we are
to pass the resolution we had better, it seems
to me, with all respect to the House, act upon
it at this time rather than postpone it, and
therefore I have called it up for action now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will yield to
me, I would like to make a motion to refer
this resolution to a committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is on the floor, and will
state to whom he yields.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to consume
the time any further than is necessary. At the
same time I do not desire to force a vote with-
out allowing every gentleman an opportunity
of expressing his opinions. Therefore, with
the permission of the Chair, I will continue to
hold the floor, and will first yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
motion to refer this resolution. I am not
particular as to which committee it may be
referred. I think it should be referred to one
of the leading committees, either the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means or the Committee
on Appropriations. This resolution is cer-
tainly, as has been stated by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] a very un-
usual one. I never have before known a reso-
lution fixing the time for final adjournment to
come from the Senate. We have sometimes
sent to the Senate resolutions for an adjourn-
ment, although always, I think, at a' later
period in the session than that at which we
have now arrived; and it has been the practice
of the Senate, almost universally its practice,
to table our resolutions until near the end of
the session. Now they have turned the tables
upon us, and before they have passed a single
bill—although we sent them a number of bills
at the last session of Congress—a resolution
is precipitated upon us fixing the time for the
final adjournment of Congress. Everything
must give way; amnesty must be postponed,
revision of the tariff must be postponed, every-
thing must give way for this adjournment.
Now, there is no use of blinking this mat-
ter. It appears to me as plain as day that the
adoption of this resolution means, no revis-
ion of the tariff at this session; it means,
no reduction of taxation; it means that we shall
come here and do the bidding of certain gen*
