4270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
FREDERICK PECH.
■Mr. FEELINGHUYSEN: Mr. President,
I have a report which I wish to make that will
only take one minute, and I think it is a bill
which everybody not only will vote for, but
■will be happy to have the opportunity of voting
for. It will take but a single moment if ihe
Senate will hear my statement when I make
my report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey asks unanimous consent
to make a report now for action. Is there
objection to the present reception of this
report?
Mr. COLE. T should like to know what it is.
Mr. FUELING HUYSEN. I am instructed
by the Committee on Agriculture, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2041) for the
relief of Frederick Pech, to report it baclc.
The circumstances are these: Professor Pech,
who lived, 1 think, in Louisiana, is a gentle-
man of erudition and science, and he collected
in his home a very valuable botanical collec-
tion. He was obliged to come to this part of
the country, and was here employed in the
Agricultural Department. His labors have
affected his eye-sight so that he has become
blind. This collection of botanical plants he
presented to the Government of the United
States. An act approved May 26, 1806, was
passed authorizing the Department to receive
these plants. He is now entirely blind. His
wife is blind. The only means of support
that .the family have is one of the little pages
employed here. The House of Represent-
atives have passed a bill paying him a thou-
sand dollars for that collection of plants. I
ask the Senate simply to pass that bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2941) for the relief
of Frederick Peeh. The preamble recites
that Professor Pech presented to the United
Slates a large botanical collection of rare and
valuable specimens of plants collected in the
western States and Territories, which was
accepted by joint resolution of Congress ap-
Eroved May 26. 1866 ; and that he, by affliction,
as been reduced h> a state of pecuniary des-
titution. The bill therefore directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Frederick Pech
the sum ol $1,(>00.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
KKL1KK OK IIUUKSTKAD SKTTLRIta.
Mr. HOWE. I ask unanimous consent of
the Senate to receive and pass a concurrent
resolution directing the reenrollmcnt of a bill
which passed here a few days since and went
to the President and is returned, not with a
veto, but to have a verbal correction made, a
grammatical correction. I Bhowed it to several
Senators on the floor, including the one silling
in the chair [Mr. Edmunds] and the Senator
from Ohio across the wav, [Mr. Thurman ]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent at
this time to consider a concurrent resolution,
which will he read.
The Chief Clerk read it as follows:
lletolvtd by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives coriourriiiff.) That the joint Committee on
Enrolled Bills bo directed to eorroot the enrollment
of the bilttS. No. 546) relative to homestead set-
tlers burned out in tbe States of Minnesota, Wiscon-
sin, and Michigan, by inserting lifter the word
"States," in line eleven of the enrolled bill, the
words '* who were burned out," and by striking out
the words "who burned out" in line twelve of Said
enrolled bill.
Mr. HOWE. I want to ask the Senator
from Ohio 
Mr. THURMAN. That is all right. I
have looked into it, and it is perfectly right
that it should be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the present consider-
ation of this resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL Oe PAPERS:
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask unan-
imous consent to make an application to with-
draw the papers of William Pierpout from the
Committee ou Patents for an extension of his
patent grain separator, on which the report
was adverse. 1 ask for leave to have the
papers withdrawn from the files, leaving
copies.
Mr. THURMAN. Can papers be with-
drawn where there is an adverse report?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They can
with the consent of the Seuate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I thought it was
usual to withdraw papers—these are original
papers—provided copies were left; and that
is a part of my application.
Mr. THURMAN. I only wanted to know
what the rule was.
Mr. POME ROY. There is no rule what-
ever of the Senate requiring copies of papers
to be left.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Is there objection to the
withdrawal of these papers, copies being re-
tained on file? The Chair hears no objection,
and the order is made.
GBOKGK W. PARTUS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent
that the Senate may concur in an amendment
of the House to a Senate amendment to the
bill (H. R. No. 2413) granting a pension to
George W. Parris. By a mistake the House
passed the bill granting this'person eight dol-
lars a month, when, having lost an arm, he was
entitled, falling within the equity ot the pension
laws, to fifteen dollars a month. We cor-
r< cted the bill as it came to us by cutting off
arrears, and the House has added to that cor-
rection, giving him fifteen dollars a month, to
which he was entitled. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate may concur in theamend-
ment of the House.
The amendment was concurred in,
AMKNDMKNT8 TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, and Mr. SAW-
YER submitted amendments intended to be
proposed by theno ty the bill (H. li. No. 2705)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes ;
which were referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
OltDKR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill No. 1272, to aniend an act entitled
An act to establish and protect national cem-
eteries," approved February 22,1867.
Mr. COLE. I think we had better go on
with the appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
monds in the chair.) The regular order is
insisted on.
Mr. STUWART. I give notice that I will
move to suspend the rule restricting amend
ments to appropriation bills adopted April 29,
1872, so far as amendments may apply to
street railroads.
Mr. THURMAN. Let it lie over until to-
morrow.
Mr. STEWART Of course, I only give
notice. Some action ought to be taken on that
subject
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumrdll] to the appropriation
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment pending by striking out in the
seventh line the word '"was" ana inserting in
lieu thereof the words "post offices thereon,
were" and I ask the Secretary to read it as it
will then stand.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood my friend
from California to allow me to call up a bill
which I am sura will not create a word of
debat#.
Mr. COLE. I would like to make some
progress with the appropriation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 have not a>ked a thing
of the Senate all this session, and I am sure
the Senator from California will allow me to
bring up a bill for a poor fellow—House bill
No. 772, to incorporate the Loomis Aerial
Telegraph Company. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLE. I hear many Senators object.
Mr. ANl'HONY. There is no objection.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] will
not object when I have allowed a bill of his
to go through.
Mr. THURMAN. That bill proposes to
put up a telegtaph wire so far above the
atmosphere 
Mr. ANTHONY. To let the man do it, not
that we do it.
Mr. THURMAN. That is too lofty a subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is a corporation in
the District of Columbia. It calls for nothing
from the Government, only allowing an indi-
vidual to do it.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not care whether it
does or not. Let him do it on his own hook.
Mr. ANTHONY. He is going to do it on
his own hook. The Senator from Ohio does
not object to my bill, does'h'e?
Mr. THURMAN. Indeed I do.
civil appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 27051 making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the fitcal
year ending June 30, 1873, ami fur other pur-
poses, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Coxkling to the amend-
ment of Mr. Tbumbui.l to the sixth section of
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ The Secre-
tary will read ihe amendment of the Senator
from New York.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by striking out the woid
'•was" and inserting "post offices thereon
were so as to read:
That to entitle a person to payment for services
rendered, under the provisions of this section, tho
services must have been rendered while the mail
route and post offices thereon were under the actual
control of tho UmtedState-i, and by a person who at
the time was loyul to the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose there will bo
no objection to that. It is all in the line of the
ameudment
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will accept that if I,
have authority to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator fronvNew York
is accepted by the Senator from Illinois, the
amendment being still in his control Tho
question recurs on the amendment of the Sen
ator from Illinois as modified.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to lay the amendmeut,
on the table.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 16, noes 18; noquorum voting.
Mr. HAMIL TON, of Maryland. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn. Blair, Casserly. Coor>er,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Kelly, Nor-
wood, Pool, Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyor,
Tburm.in, Tipton, Vickers, and West—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkhng, Cr.igin, Edmunds, FrelinKhuy-
sen, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Lewis. Morrill of
Maine, Moriil! of Vermont, Osborn, Pomerny, Pratt,
Ramsey, Riee, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull,
and Wilson—23.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Brown-
low. Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite, llauilin, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston,
Kellogg, Logan, Morton, Nve, Patterson. Schurz,
Spencer, Suragne, Stevenson, Stockton, Suinner,
WinUoin, and Wright—33
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois as modified.
