3374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, 1$
May 13, U
to these men, and these brains are not abso-
lutely, entirely employed by the Government.
You have limited the hours of labor to eight
hours a day; and if a man chooses to use his
brains ill the other hours, has he not some
claim to compensation ?
The Senator from Illinois said to the Senate
that the rule was in the Army and in the Navy
that men in the service of the Government
should not be compensated for their inventions.
Mr. LOGAN. I said no such thing. I said
the rule was that they should not be compen-
sated for the use of their inventions. There
is very great difference between an invention
and tie use of an invention.
Mr. STOCKTON. Then the Senator, like
Don Quixote, has been the whole of this even-
ing lighting a windmill. He said first that
this bill contained a royalty 
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator will allow me.
His courtly language is such thatl must admit
the proposition. I have to some extent in that
direction been fighting a windmill. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator is exceed-
ingly wittv.
Mr. LOGAN. Very, indeed.
Mr. STOCKTON. He has been fighting a
windmill. He has insisted that this bill eon-
tains n royalty, when, if he had read the bill or
listened to it when it was read, ho. would luive
seen that it contained no royally at all. There
>11 no payment whatever for the use of the in-
vention. The payment in this case is for the
absolute transfer of all the interest the Admi-
ral had in it, and all that his family have. What,
I arose to say was that the rule he speaks of
is undoubtedly true. Why the necessity of
this bill V Can a Department say to a man,
■"You have made a valuable invention, and
we will compensate you for it'.'" Certainly
not; but the Government of the United Stales,
which gives lo a private individual by virtue
of the power conferred 011 it by the Constitu-
tion of the United States to grant patents the
exclusive use of his invention lor sixteen yeais,
is protected from any claim on the part of any
of its employes for the reason thai its employes
Cannot go into couitand make a claim against
it. Therefore they come to Congress. They
flay to Congress, " 1 have invented this; 1 can
sell this lo a foreign country; it may or it may
dot be an invention which is useful outside of
the militaiy arm of the Government ; but if
you waul it 1 think you ought to give me some
reasonable compensation, taking into consid-
eration that my time as well as my means of
experimenting were granted me by you." This
is precisely that case.
This bill grants no royalty, 110 money; it
merely says to a tribunal that you have con-
stituted lor no other purpose-in the world than
to decide between the United States Govern-
ment and claimants upon it, that it shall have
the power, taking into consignation the posi-
tion of this gentleman 111 the service, and that
he made his experiments with the money of
the Government; to say whether he ought to
have any claim or not. If the law as laid
down by the Senator from Illinois be correct,
the Court of Claims Cauuot grant oue dollar
under this bill.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator will allow me
right there. I have not laid down any law,
because there is no law on the subject. I was
laying down what I thought ought to be a cor-
rect principle. The Senator says that this bill
docs not ask for royalty, nor does it ask for pay
for the use of the arm, but merely to determ-
ine the price of the patent. Am I correct?
Mr. STOCK! ON. Very nearly correct in
that; but it. would be very well if the Senator
had read the bill or heard it read before he
got up and pitched into it.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 had heard it read. I ask
the Senator if the statement I have just made
is correct?
Mr. STOCKTON. To the best of my rec-
ollection it is.
Mr. LOGAN. I take the gentleman's rec-
ollection. Now, if the Senator's statement is
correct, and I think it is, that it is for the sale
of the patent, let me ask one question. Let
me ask who is making this bargain? Mrs.
Dahlgren has memorialized Congress; but
has the ordnance department memorialized
Congress? Has the President of the United
States? Has the head of the Army? Has
the Navy Department? Have they said to us
that they want to buy this patent? Certainly
not; and yet Congress is going on to make a
contract in its own right with Mrs. Dahlgren
to have the value of a patent determined with-
out the Government through its officials asking
for the purchase of that patent. That is the
position the Senator puts himself in.
I know it is very hard to oppose measures
like this I have had a great many troubles
in opposing some of these things in reference
to the Army and Navy. X have had a great
many fights over them. I know nearly every-
body has a sympathy for anything that is asked
by a widow or an Army officer or Navy officer,
and it is criminal almost to oppose it. They say
that you are opposing the Army, you are
opposing the Navy, unless you give them every-
thing, pay for guus, and lime, and service,
pensions, and everything else! Now, the
Government of the United States have not
asked the purchase of, this patent. Nobody
has asked for the purchase of the patent; but
Mrs. Dalghren proposes to sell it, aud that is
all there is in it.
Now, if Mrs. Dahlgren proposes to sell this
patent, let Mrs. Dahlgren and the ordnance
department agree upon the value of the pat-
ent, and then ask Congress to pay her for it.
Would not that he better? But you must
refer it to whom ? To the Court of Claims, to
determine the value of a patent on a gun?
What do they know about, u gun? The Court
of Claims are lo deckle the value of a patent
on heavy oidnance by merely referring it to
them. 1 a.sk if it would not have been the
most sensible, just, and proper way for the
ordnance department to have said, " We want
this patent for the use of the Government;"
and if so, say to Mrs. Dahlgren, "How much
will you take for it." If she says they may
value it,, let, them do it, and then ask Congress
to appropriate the money.
liut now, since the gentleman has brought
himself down to the mere point of purchasing
the patent, let us have it purchased in a differ-
ent way. In Heaven's name, does the Con-
gress of the United States have to refer a bill
to the Court of Claims to ascertain the value
of a patent? I think this Naval Committee
might have done that themselves if that is alt
they want. Whydidthey not ask Congress to
do it, and let us have the fight over the value
of it rather than to refer it to the Court of
Claims, and there is a finality? They may
value it at $5,000,000, and Congress is bound
by it, because you have referred it to them
to determine the amount.
I did say the principle was wrong. I say so
yet. Awhile ago I opposed the previous bill
because it was for the use of a patent of a
mechanic for an invention during the time he
was receiving pay from the Government.
•Now, 1 should like to put a question to the
Senator. I know he is a great friend to the
Navj\ So am I. He is more of a naval man
than I am. He knows more about it, a great
deal more than I ever shall know, I presume ;
and yet he might learn more and not do him
any damage. Suppose ail officer of the Army
or Navy 13 spending two or three years on one
of these inventions; some of them have spent
more than that in perfecting guns ; it takes
time to invent a gun, and test it and try it at
the expense of the Government, costing hun-
dreds and thousands of dollars. It is said
that it costs about sixty thousand dollars to
try one gun of large size ; that is, it costs that
amount of money for the shell and powder
and all the expense connected with it. While
all this is being done by the Government for
the benefit ofan individual's invention, which it
takes two or three years' time to perfect, and
test, and try, and have it so that it is adapted
to the Government of the United States,
would it not be well enough for him to knock
off his pay for that time, while he is drawing,
say, his $-1,000 a year from the Government
while making an invention and then getting a
large amount, of money from it hereafter ? I
ask what justice there is in such thing?
It is not the duty of the officers of the Arriiy
and Navy to perform this service for the pur-
pose of making a large fortune out of it while
they are drawing money from the Tieasury of
the United States. It is unjust and unfair.
There is no equity in it. As I said awhile
ago, if Mrs. Dahlgren wants a pension, I do
not care how large a one, I will vote it ; or,
if you want to erect a monument to the mem-
ory of the Admiral, I will vote for the money.
But when you want to refer this question to
the Court of Claims to determine the value of
this patent, I do not think I can establish any
such precedent by my vote.
I expected when I made the opposition to
the first bill to find somebody attacking on the
left, in the center, and on the right; I ex-
pected to be flanked out 111 the front and rear
and everywhere else, for I never made an
objection to anything that belonged to the
Army or Navy thatl did not get it all around,
as if theic were a nest of hornets turned
loose. You find only about one or two men
who will ever stand up in theHouse of Repre-
sentatives or the Senate aud oppose anything
that these men or their families ask.
Mr. STOCK TON. Mr. president,, the Sen-
ator from Illinois was kind enough to pay me
a compliment; he said I knew more about
naval matters than he did, for which I am very
much indebted to bun. I can return the com-
pliment by saying that he knows a great deal
more about Army matters and many other
things than I do. But he added to this very
beautiful compliment the remark that 1 might
know more about it yetand notbe hurt. The
difference between the Senator from Illinois
and myself is simply this: that I do not
know much about it, and I am conscious that
I do not know much about it; he does not
know much about it, and 1 do not think he is
conscious of it. That is the precise differ-
ence.
Mr. LOGAN. That is first rate for you.
Mr. STOCKTON. Let me tell the Senator
from Illinois in all kindness, because I do not
want to consume time, that he misunder.-tood
this bill when it came up and I tried to
correct him. He thought it was for the use
of a patent, and he turns around and says to
me, "Now you have come down to this, that it
is only for the purpose of buying a patent."
The bill was read to buy a patent, I said
originally it was simply to buy the patent;
it is not to pay anything for the use of the
patent; it is to ask the Court of Claims, taking
into consideration all the facts he states, which
are all in the* bill, that this man was in the
naval service, that he used our money for his
experiments, to decide whether anything is
due, and if so how much.
Now, the Senator from Illinois certainly
ought not to arrogate to himself the decision
of this question. He says he has laid down
110 points of law, and yet he will not allow it
to go before a court. I certainly would not
take that upon myself. He says, " Why does
not the Naval Committee determine this thimr,
and say how much she shall have?" Why,
sir, as an humble member of the Naval Com-
mittee myself, 1 should not know how to determ-
ine the question. From the opinion sent up
to the Chair by tbe Senator from Minnesota
[Mr. Wisdom] it is manifest that in the view
of Judge Holt and many others, and that I
believe is the rule maintained, a man having
the absolute right to a patent, the exclusive
right to a patent from the Government, is not
