634
APPENDIX TO TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Woman Suffrage—Mr. Archer,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
neighboring kings, princesses, or at the very
worst, tbey were the daughters of great gen-
erals, or of the proud satraps appointed by the
king to rale over his distant provinces. In
addition to beauty of person and such graces
as only courts can give, they were endowed
mentally, and moreover accomplished. They
were, in short, the ancient elite. Now, in the
history of many reigns, in but comparatively
few of them did women make, or, so far aB we
can know, attempt to make any figure at all.
We will, however, glance over the career of
some half dozen of women who are conspic-
uous on the historic page. As it will be im-
possible to do them-alt justice,! have selected
such as I think will fairly represent the others,
such as were neither better nor worse than
they.
I will repeat here the sweeping claim so
often and so confidently urged by all advo-
cates of the new movement, which claim it is
my purpose to refute, namely, "That women
if allowed to share in the direction of political
affairs will soon, by their superior moral nature
and the purifying influence of their presence
in that great field of intrigue, purge politics of
every vestige of corruption." f would here
state, too, that I have by no means ransacked
ancient history with the view of collecting all
the cases tending to corroborate the position 1
have taken. So far from this I have looked
into but one work—Rollin'g Ancient History,
where is given in copious foot notes authority
for every fact embodied in the work.
Queen Amestris, wife of Xerxes, being jeal-
ous of the court influence of a certain beautiful
princess of excellent character, caused her
breast, tongue, nose, ears, and lips to be cut
off, and cast them to the dogs before her face,
that she might see them eaten up, and in this
mutilated state sent her home to her husband.
Thus did she " purify " Xerxes's court. This
queen was guilty of many acts equally re-
volting, all of which, favored her ambitious
aspirations.
Next comes Parysatis, mother of Artaxerxes
II. She began to "purge" the kingdom of
impurities by instigating Cyrus, her younger
son, to assassinate Artaxerxes. The conspir-
acy failed, and Cyrus was banished. At her
instance, however, he returned with a large
army. The two brothers met in battle. Cyrus
was slain, and all who were "in at the death "
she resolved to "purify." On one sha inflicted
the most horrible tortures for ten days, and
then ordered the "purification" to be finished
by tearing out his eyes and pouring melted
brass into his ears. Another slie subjected to
the "punishment of the troughs," as it was
called, perhaps the most cruel torture ever
invented. After lingering in torment for sev-
enteen days, he expired in the greatest agony.
A third lived to contaminate the air a little
longer; but by the exercise of just cunning she
at last got hold of him, and straightway began
to "purify" by ordering him to be flayed
alive. She then had him placed in a position
favorable for witnessing the next interesting
proceedings, which consisted in stretching his
skin upon stakes, that he might, once during
his life, have a good survey of his exterior
without the aid of a looking-glass.
The atmosphere of Persia seemsnot to have
needed any further "purification" for some
time, when this same precious "purifying"
angel, Parysatis, with her country''s good ever
at her heart and entirely forgetting self, again
stepped forward and offered her invaluable
services. Stalira, the queen, and her family
were acquiring at court an influence entirely
disproportioned to her own ; so she wished to
correct this unhealthy state of things. After
succeeding by treachery in getting into her
hands all the queen's brothers and sisters, she
caused one of the latter, a beautiful and inno-
cent princess, to be sawn in two, and then all
the rest to be put to death. Statira, in re-
venge, had the tongue torn out of one of those
who helped to perform this " purification," as
an offset to which Parysatis poisoned Statira's
nephew. And here the matter rested for
awhile.
In all these patriotic and public-spirited
acts Parysatis seems to have been merely
"trying her'prentice han'," that she might
execute with the deftness of a master work-
man the crowning act of her life. It was still
too evident that Statira's influence with the
king was greater than her own, and as this
state of things called loudly for " purification "
she feigned reconciliation with the queen, and
one day invited her to dinner with her in her
own apartments. She noticed, however, that
her guest cautiously confined herself to those
dishes from which the hostess ate. After
awhile Parysatis cut into two parts a small
bird of exquisite flavor, and giving one part
to her daughter-in-law, ate the other herself.
No sooner had the queen eaten her portion
than she was seized with sharp pains, and
quitting the table, died in the most horrible
convulsions. The king forthwith set the tor-
ture to work in such an energetic fashion
among Parysitis's attendants and confidants
that one of them confessed that the knife used
in cutting the bird in two had been rubbed on
one side with a most deadly poison. Arta«
xerxes inflicted upon his gentle mother the
dreadful punishmentof sending her off to Baby-
lon. Corrupt prince 1 he could not bear that
the realm should be still further "purified."
There was at King Ochus's court an indi-
vidual named Bagoas, who was guilty of many
acts similar to those already rccited. But I
am really at a loss to know to what sex he,
she, or it belonged. In fact, Bagoas was one
of those unfortunate beings, at that time and
still very common in the Bast, who have be-
come unsexed. From having once been a
man Bagoas was no longer a man ; just as
some beings'of our own day have been women,
but unsexed themselves, and are no longer
women, properly so called. Bagoas was, in
short, a eunuch; and the puzzling question
arises instinctively in our minds, just as it
does when we see one of those unsexed non-
descripts of the present day, whether this is a
man or a woman, or whether it is part man
and part woman, or whether it is neither?
Indeed the word "bogus," which is set down
in the dictionaries as an Americanism, may
he of very ancient origin; it may be derived
from this very Bagoas. " Bogus" means "not
genuine;" and certainly this individual was
not a "genuine" man. Was it a "genuine"
woman 'i The whole question seems go be-
fogged that 1 will omit Bagoas's acts altogether,
and escape from the fog by passing over to
Greece.
It must be recollected that while the repub-
lican form of government prevailed in the
several States of Greece, in other words,
while the Greeks were in the height of their
greatness and glory, there were no courts at
which favorites could figure and influence po-
litical affairs; and as women were rigidly
excluded from all participation in proceedings
of a public character in the republican por-
tion of that country, they were unable, with
the rare exception of the mistress of some
great general, to make themselves sufficiently
conspicuous in political matters to be handed
down in history.
The court of King Philip of Macedon, how-
ever, presented a very marked instance of
the political intrigues and machinations of a
woman. Olympias, Philip's queen, was a very
thunderbolt of'• purification" in the atmos-
phere where she moved. She was, in fact, one
of the most consummate politicians that ever
lived. She kept Philip's court and kingdom
in such a continuous ferment of dissensions
that this,together with her "free-love"-notions
and practices, caused him to divorce her and
marry another .wife. This so enraged her
that she "purified" the whole kingdom by
causing him to be assassinated, for which she
was banished. After the death of her son,
Alexander the Great, she returned to Mace-
don, and found that the air had become so
corrupt during her absence that it needed
further " purification." She accordingly poi-
soned Ardeeus, the son of Philip, and lawful
heir to the throne, adjusting the strength of
the " purifying" dose so delicately, however,
as not to produce death, but only a hopeless
imbecility, so that a regency would be neces-
sary. Then by artful intrigues she succeeded
in securing the regency for herself. The com-
plete success of this plotso emboldened h^rthat
she ventured to putthe demented king to death.
She then sent his queen, Eurydiee, a dagger,
a cord, and a bowl of poison, with the generous
and delicate message that she might take her
choice. Eurydice chose the cord. She next
put to death one hundred of the principal friends
of Cassander, a powerful prince, who was cor-
rupt enough to Bet about putting a stop to these
"purifications." He took the field with ven-
geance in his train, defeated Olympias,captured
her, and let loose upon her, like so many blood-
hounds, the relatives of all those she had mur-
dered, and, as their name was legion, they
made short work of this daughter, sister, wife,
and mother of kings.
It was a custom with kings in those days to
marry more than one wife. Alexander the
Great left two widows, Statira and iioxana.
The latter practiced "purification" by poison-
ing the other that she might get all the power
into her own hands.
Laodice, wife of Antioehus II, king of Per-
sia, established woman's lights in her own per
son by poisoning her husband and mounting
the throne, and after this preparatory "puri-
fication" "purified" things generally by mur-
dering the king's other widow and alt her
friends and attendants in the most inhuman
manner.
Cleopatra, wife of Demetrius, king of Sjria,
betrayed her husband to his enemies, who she
well knew would put him to death; and when
her son, the lawful heir, attempted to ascend
the throne she killed him with her own hand
by plunging a dagger into his heart. She then
set up Grypus, her other son, a mere boy. and
for awhile had everything her own way. When
Grypus, being arrived at manhood, endeavored
to get control of affairs she prepared a coul
draught and offered it to him one day when
returning heated from the chase. Suspecting
foul play, he forced her to diain it hereell,
whereupon she died almost immediately.
This was genuine purification, but it was a
man who performed it.
Next comes another Cleopatra, of Egypt,
who is degcribed as such a monster of.a woman
that she spared neither her mother, her son,
nor her daughter, but sacrificed everything lo
the ambition of reigning and '■ puritjing.''
Next in order is Laodice, wife of Ariartlies,
king of Cappadocia. On his death she be
came regent during the minority of her .six
sons by him. In order to establish firmly
woman's rights—and ltkea.ll advocates of ina1,
movement, never once thinking of self, ye*,
never once forgetting "purification"—she put.
to death five of the six, when the people ro^e
in their unrighteous indignation and reestub
lished "corruption" by slaying her.
The last female politician among the an-
cients to whom I shall refer is the famous
Cleop'atra, queen of Egypt, the less hideous
features of whose life are known to nearly all
the reading world. But this royal syren was
guilty of countless infamies which have been,
for the most part, kept in the background.
With all her external charms, there constantly
