1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
tlemen, pass some appropriation bills, that
they may run the Departments, and go home
■with our fingers in our mouths 
Mr. DAWES, (in his seat.) Andourmouths
in the dust.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir; and our
mouths will be in the dust if we do this, and
ought to be.
And it means that the demands of the people
for a reduction of taxation and of the burdens
now fastened upon them shall not be heard
and answered in Congress. I therefore am
opposed to the adoption of the resolution.
I desire to treat the Senate with the greatest
courtesy and with all proper respect. But I
ask that the resolution be referred to one of
the committees I have indicated, and let that
committee take the responsibility of dealing
with it. It may be the proper course for the
committee to report the resolution back to the
House for its action. But let us not act like a
pack of school-boys, and before we pass a bill of
importance fix the time for final adjournment.
Mr. DAWES. I think I must call the gen-
tleman to order. It is not in order to reflect
on the Seriate.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Has the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yielded the floor?
Mr. FARNSW'ORTH. I had about finished
my remarks, but I understand the point of
order has been raised that I am reflecting on
the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had not
gone a sufficient length in that direction for
the Chair to consider it necessary to interfere
with him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. raid not think I was
overstepping the proper bounds of respect.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to call
attention to one point which has not been
mentioned so far in this discussion. For the
last few Congresses we have had a short ses-
sion, beginning on the 4th of March, at which
time, in previous Congresses, the House got
organized, had its committees appointed, and
had its business in a shape for action; and
we came here on the first Monday of Decem-
ber with the. various subjects studied out and
the business of legislation well advanced in
the minds of members. Very unfortunately,
as I think, most unwisely as I confidently
believe, Congress repealed the law which
provides for the short session. This year we
came hero unorganized. No man knew on
■what committees he might have to act. No
man could have made any special preparatory
study for his work. The committees liave had
to start anew, which, in my opinion, was an
unnecessary delay of business. And now, with
the experience of the past, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. DAWES. I did not yield for any such
1t6tx1 fctrlv s
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I dare say not.
[Laughter.] And now, with all the experience
of the past before us, knowing that with all the
helps we have hitherto had we have been com-
pelled to sit here far into July—and I remem-
ber that one August we were still sweltering
here, will) the thermometer at ninety-nine
degrees in the shade—with all that experience,
and knowing the special disabilities of this ses-
sion, it is proposed wc shall sit to the "29th
of May, being about two months short of the
period to which we have ordinarily sat, even
when we had a preliminary short session in
which our organization was completed. Now,
so far as I am concerned, and so far as the
Committee on Appropriations are concerned,
we will do our very best to get our bills through
the House as rapidly as possible. But I call the
attention of the House to the unsettled pros-
pect in some quarters. There are some rum-
blings off upon the border of our fortifications
in some quarters that I may not now properly
speak of, and we cannot hope that some of
the appropriation bills that will cotne before
the House will pass as readily and will have
as easy a transit through the House as the two
bills which, have already passed. I feel com-
pelled, as the representative of the Committee
on Appropriations, to say that I am not ready
to drive down a stake the 29th of May, and
say that beyond that stake we will not go.
If the House will let me say one word more,
I will ask if gentlemen are prepared deliber-
ately this morning to surrender to the Senate
the whole control of the management of this
session of Congress. Pass this resolution,
and the House of Representatives is utterly
bound, without power to control the future
legislation of Congress as to time. Referthis
resolution to a committee, and it gives us a
tiller whereby we can steer the legislation of
Congress. I desire, therefore, that the House
shall refer the resolution either to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations or to the Committee of
Ways and Means, I do not care which, but to
some appropriate committee. That is the
only suggestion that I have to make.
Mr. DAWES. I yield now to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The honor-
able chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means will soon become aware, if he has not
already done so, that in conducting the affairs
before that committee it will be utterly impos-
sible for us to make even a report upon the
tariff before April or May. It is our duty, and
we are now performing that duty, to hear all
the great interests of the country pro and con.,
and it is the right of the people, of the great
interests of the people, to be represented in
person before that committee. No subject is
of more importance than that of revenue, both
internal and external; the one as important
as the other, and we hope immensely to
reduce that revenue, which the Administra-
tion of the Government itself admits can be
reduced. It is admitted on all sides now, as
I said at the last session of Congress, that we
are raising $100,000,000 more than are neces-
sary for the expenditures of the Government
independent of the payment of the public debt,
and all certainly admit that at least to the
amount ot $50,000,000 there should be a reduc-
tion of taxation at this time. For years and
years I have been a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means, almost ever since I have
been in Congress, and I give it as my delib-
erate opinion that it is utterly impossible for
us judiciously to report a bill for the action
of this House before April or May, with a
due regard to the representation of the great
interests of the country before the commit-
tee. I think, therefore, that the adoption of
this resolution at this time would be equiv-
alent to saying that we will continue to collect
$100,000,000 by taxation from the people of
the United Stales more than is needed, and
that we will adjourn without any real reduc-
tion of the revenue.
There is another subject of vast importance
to the people of this country, of more import-
ance even than the revision of the tariff, and
that, too, for the benefit of the manufacturers
themselves, who are more dependent upon that
than they are upon protection, and that is an
early preparation for the resumption of specie
payment. This Congress ought not to adjourn
until there is some action upon that subject.
This country, now the richest in the world,
with the greatest resources, with the most
abounding wealth, with treasure upon treasure
in the bosom of its earth, far beyond that of
the once favored Golconda, exhibits to the
whole earth a specimen of misery and poverty
and rags which a great and wealthy country
like this ought no longer to exhibit. This
Congress ought to act upon that subject; per-
haps not immediately, but to settle upon some
time when once more a dollar shall jingle in
the poor man's pocket, and the eagle peep
through the interstices of his silken purse.
There are also other topics of the greatest
importance relating to our foreign affairs;
Cuba on one border and Mexico on the other,
both in a state of high insurrection, in which
it is nccessary for this Government to inter-
vene in some form or other. There are the
fisheries, too, of great importance to this
country, in which the gentlemen from Massa-
chusetts are all deeply interested. And let
me tell the new members that if this 29th of
May shall be fixed upon as the day for the
final adjournment of this session, in the hur-
ried rush of the appropriation bills through
committees of conference between the two
Houses, almost every measure of importance
that gentlemen are interested in for their con-
stituents will fail and fall necessarily, from
our inability to act upon them. No man is
more anxious to go to his household and home
than I am, but as a public man 1 cannot con-
sent at this early period of the session to lay
down this bed of Procrustes, on which we shall
he right or wrong.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I must yield, of course, to
the great experience of my distinguished friend
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] but I am
sorry that that experience has brought forth
so gloomy a prospect before us, that wc shall
be unable to make any report from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means until April or May.
I have only to say that so long a process of
incubation as that gives me but very little hope
of any offspring that would bo worth raising.
[Laughter.] I hope that the Committee of
Ways and Means will be able to report long
before that time. But I suggest to him that
if that gloomy prospect is actually before us,
we had better know beforehand what is the
opinion of the House upon this resolution;
and that is the reason I called it up, simply to
know what is the disposition of the House upon
it. I shall address myself, with my friend
from New York [Mr. Brooks] to the work of
the Committee of Ways and Means, impressed
equally with him as to its importance, but not
having the benefit of that experience which he
has, and therefore unable to say with certainty
how long it will take for that committee to
report. I did hope, in my experience, to see
daylight long before April or May. If the
House think that it is not wise to adjourn on
the 29th of May, they ought to say it now.
That is the reason I called up the resolution.
I now yield to my colleague [Mr. Boiler]
for five minnt.es.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust
that this House will take into consideration the
fact that this session has been practically pro-
longed by a very considerable session in the
spring of last year, wheroin great reductions
of the tariff were passed through this House
and sent to the Senate. If I believed there
would be no reform, no change in the laws in
relation to taxation and revenue, I certainly
would not vote for this resolution ; but I am
certain that if we fix a day on which we will
adjourn we can work up to that day and ad-
journ at that time. And I am certain, too,
that this House will more than realize the ex-
pectations of the country if we have, what all
the country always desires, a short session, in
which we shall determine what shall be the
condition of things in trade, iu manufactures,
and in other industries for the remainder of
the year. If wo stay here until August, then
no man can arrange his business so that he
will be sure that it will stand for a year with-
out the interference of Congress. The desire
of the people is that we shall have a short
session, and 1 for one believe they will hold us
to the responsibility of doing between nowand
the end of May all the legislation necessary
to last from May to December ; and that it can
be done in the four months that now intervene.
Again, I want to call the attention of my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, to
the fact that his bills to-day are much more
forward than at any previous session of Con-
gress : and that next year he will have to get
them all through before the 4th of March, or
