1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1583
vestigation into the affairs of the Navy Depart-
ment: Mr. Blair of Michigan, Mr. Saruent
of California, Mr. Peters of Maine, Mr.
Vookhees of Indiana, and Mr. Warren of
New York.
seneca, shawnee, quapaw, etc., indians.
Mr. MITCHELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report back from the Committee on
Indian Affairs a bill (H. R. No. 757) to carry
into effect the fourth article of the treaty of
February 23, 1867, with the Seneca, Shawnee,
Quapaw, and other Indians, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Objection was made.
Mr. MITCHELL. I move to suspend the
rules in order to bring that bill before the
House and pass it.
The preamble recites that by the fourth
article of the treaty of February 23, 1867, with
the Shawnee, Quapaw, and other Indians, the
strip of land belonging to said Quapaws lying
within the State of Kansas was sold to the
United States, and intended, by the amend-
ment to said article, to be sold to actual set-
tlers, under the preemption laws of the United
States; but by the manner of insertion of
said amendment, the said lands are left with-
out any provisions for their disposal; and that,
therefore, for the purpose of carrying out
the intention of the treaty and of its amend-
ment, additional legislation is necessary.
The first section of the bill provides that the
said amendment shall not be construed as
authorizing or providing for the disposal of
the lands of the said Quapaw Indians, which,
by the fourth article of the said treaty of Feb-
ruary 23,1867, were sold to the United States at
$1 15 an acre, and lying and being within the
boundary of the Indian territory, but said
amendment shall refer to, and be construed to
authorize and direct, the disposal of the sirip
of land theretofore belonging to said Indians,
lying and being within the State of Kansas,
and which, by the aforesaid article of said
treaty, were sold to the United States for
$1 25 an acre. The second section of the
bill provides that the said strip of land within
the State of Kansas, so ceded to the United
States by the said Quapaw band of Indians,
be declared open to entry and preemption,
under the preemption laws of the United
States, at the price of $1 25 an acre, and all
such preemptions shall be paid for in the law-
ful money of the United States, at the proper
land office of the United Slates, within one
year from the date of settlement, or where set-
tlement was made before the passage of this
act, then within one year from the passage of
the same; piovided that in case any settler
has entered upon and improved at) entire tract,
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, a
part of which is embraced in said Quapaw
strip and a part on the Government strip, so
called, his entry of the part on the Govern-
ment strip, under the preemption laws, shall
not prevent the entry of the remainder of his
tract upon said Quapaw lands under this act.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is it pro-
posed to pass that bill at this time?
The SPEAKER. That is the motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that bill will be
again reported, as the first portion of it was
not understood.
The bill was again read.
Mr. MITCHELL. The provisions of this
bill were provided for by the fourth article of
the treaty of February 23, 1867, with the Shaw-
nee, Quapaw, and other Indians, but by subse-
quent amendments to the treaty those pro-
visions were inadvertently repealed. The bill
applies to lands almost wholly occupied by
actual settlers, and they cannot get title to
their holdings unless this is passed. I move
to suspend the rules to bring the bill in and to
pass it.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
77, noes 15.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope we will have some
explanation of the bill and not pass it in this
hurried way.
Mr. MITCHELL. I will state for the in-
formation of the House that I have letters from
the Commissioner of the Land Office, and from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, recom-
mending the passage of this bill. If necessary
I can have those letters read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the letters will be
read.
Mr. SHANKS. This has the entire sanction
of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The position of the matter is this: the
Quapaw Indians sold to the United States a
tract of land lying within the State of Kansas,
bordering on the Indian territory. But in the
description of the lands, owing to an amend-
ment made by the Senate to the treaty, the
lands are made to appear as if they were in
the Indian territory. This is an error in the
description which it has become necessary to
rectify. The bill also provides that the land
shall be open to preemption. Every part of the
transaction is in strict conformity with the treaty.
The bill is required because the Department
is not willing to give a title to land in the de-
scription of which there seems to be an error;
and the people who are there on the lands
want them thrown open to preemption.
The SPEAKER. Is further count de-
manded?
No further count was demanded ; and the
rules having been suspended (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the bill was passed.
order of business.
- Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, rose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] is recognized by the
Chair for a motion to suspend the rules. But
before that motion is made, the gentleman
yields to allow several gentlemen to ask unan-
imous consent.
coosa and tennessee rivers.
Mr. DOX, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, requested to transmit to the House, as soon
as convenient, the report of the engineer in charge,
during the year 1871, of the survey of the Coosa
river, in the State of Alabama: also the report of
the engineer in charge of the improvement of the
Tennessee river;'also the report of the engineer
having in charge the survey of the route of a canal
to connect the Coosa and Tennessee rivers.
chesapeake ship-canal.
Mr. SWANN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Revolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to Congress any information he may
have upon the subject of the construction of a ship-
canal from the waters of the Chesapeake to the
waters of Delaware bay. and to state how much time
would be saved by snoh improvement in the passage
of ships from Baltimore to Liverpool and other for-
eign ports, and whether the building of such canal
would not materially advance the interests of com-
merce.
survey of broadkiln kivbr
Mr. BIGGS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to cause to be made an examination and survey of
Broadkiln river, in the State of Delaware, with a
view to ascertain the practicability of dredging and
improving the same, so as to atford greater protec-
tion and facilities to commerce, and that he report
upon the feasibility of making such improvement,
and the probable cost thereof, to the House of Rep-
resentatives.
clarence king's report.
Mr. BEATTY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to inform this House how many volumes of Clarence
King's report of the geological exploration of the
fortieth parallel have been printed by order of the
War Department, and also as to the entire expense
of publishing the same, including engraving, com-
position, paper, presswork, and binding, and also
as to what disposition has been made of such vol-
umes.
internal revenue system.
Mr. GETZ. I move that tho rules be sus-
pended, and that the resolution which I send
to the desk be adopted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] having been recognized
for a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. GETZ. Then I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the resolution and have it passed.
I presume there will be no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committeeof Ways and Means
be, and are hereby, instructed to inquire into tho
expediency of repealing ail existing laws relating:
to the internal revenue, and abolishing the Inter-
nal Revenue Bureau, and all offices connected there-
with, and providing as a substitute therefor that the
revenues requiring to be raised from domestic
sources be assessed upon the several States and col-
lected under the authority of the same in such
manner as their Legislatures shall determine, accord-
ing to the intent of paragraph threo, section two, of
article one of the Constitution of the United States,
which provides that "Representatives and direct
taxes shall be apportioned among the several States
which shall be included within this Union accord-
ing to their respective numbers," Ac.
There was no objection, and the resolution
was agreed to.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (fi. R. No. 1935)
to remove the disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States from Gilbert S. Meem and nine
others; which was read afirstand second time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I ask that the
bill be now put upon its passage.
Mr. DU BOSE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen who have
names to offer, as amendments to the bill, will
please send them to the desk, and they will be
inserted, if there be no objection.
Mr. SHANKS., What if the name of Jef-
ferson Davis should be inserted, and the bill
should pass with his name in it, without our
knowledge?
The SPEAKER. The enrolling clerk will
give notice to the Chair if that should happen.
[Laughter.]
Several amendments for the insertion of
additional names, offered by Mr. Du BosEand
others, were sent to the Clerk's desk and incor-
porated with the bill.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The bill was then passed, two thirds having
voted in favor thereof.
pacific railroad.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved by the Bouse of Representatives of the Uni-
ted Statet, That the Secretary of the Treasury be.
and he is hereby, requested to inform this House
whether or not the various railroad companies men-
tioned in the act of Congress entitled "An aet touid
in the construction of railroad and telegraphic lines
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes," approved July
1, 1862, have complied with the provisions_ of tho
twentieth section of said act; and in case said com-
panies have made the reports to the Secretary of the
Treasury required by said scction, he is hereby re-
quested to furnish the House of Representatives with
all the information contained therein.
Mr. HOLMAN. The word " requested" is
not the word'to use in this case. It should be
"directed."
Mr. LEWIS. I will accept that modifica-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I suggest
that the gentleman amend the resolution so as
to use, instead of the words "with the provis-
ions of the twentieth section,' ' the words ' all
the requirements of the twentieth section.'
Mr. LEWIS. I have no objection to that
modification.
The resolution, as modified, was received by
unanimous consent, and agreed to.
