4272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
March 2, 1867." That is in the body of the
section now, that it shall be paid without
proof of loyalty, and then comes the proviso
that proof of loyalty shall be made—just as
contradictory as it can possibly be. I submit
to the Senator that there is no necessity what-
ever for his proviso. We can trust, I hope, the
Post Office Department to watch over the in-
terests of the United States sufficiently not to
pay men who have not valid claims against
the United States. Although 1 have not
the highest confidence in all the Depart-
ments of this Government, I do not believe
the Post Office Department will ever, in plain,
direct, and flagrant violation of the text of
this act, pay for carrying the mails of the con-
federate States.
Mc. BLAIR. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the word " ren-
dered," and inserting "while the mails were
carried under the direction and by the au-
thority of the United States."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri to the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it a substitute?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. How would the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois read if this
were adopted?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will report the amendment as it would
stand if amended as proposed.
The Chief Clbkk. If amended as now pro-
posed, the amendment will read:
That to entitle a porson to payment for services
remlored umtor the provisions of this section, the
services must, have boon rondorod while tho mails
wore curried under the direction and by the author-
ity of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING, That was all the time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ho[ie that amend-
ment to the amendment will not be adopted.
I think it important that the part of the
amendment which 1 have offered providing
that no payment is to be made unless the mail
route and post offices were at the time the
service was rendered under tlio control of the
United States, should be retained. I see the
apparent inconsistency pointed out by the Sen-
ator from Ohio between the latter part of the
amendment as I have offered it and the pre-
vious provision, which, it appears, is not in
the text of the section, but has been adopted
on motion since, and 1 did not have it before
we.
if it would ba satisfactory to the Senate, and
we coold get rid of this matter, considering
what has been before adopted, so far as I am
concerned 1 would be willing tt> strike out the
last sentence ol the amendment which lottered,
which requires proof of loyally on the part of
the person carrying the mail at the time. Inas-
much as there is already a provision in that
loyalty need not be ptoved, I see that one is
inconsistent with the other. I would leave it
that no payment is to be made for carrying
the mails upon any route which at the time,
together with the post offices on it, was not
under the control of the United States. Per-
haps the Senator from Missouri would modify
bis amendment in that way, and we could
dispose of the question.
Mr. FRKLING1IUYSEN. I begto suggest
to the Senator from Illinois that the incon-
sistency which is charged does not exist at all,
as I understand it. I understand that already
in this bill there is a provision that the loyalty
spoken of in a certain act, which requires loy-
alty at the time the claim is made, is not to be
insisted upon m these claims. All that is pro-
vided by the amendment of the Seuator from
Illinois is that the person sliall be loyal at the
time the service was rendered for which he
asks compensation. There is no inconsistency
at all.
Mr. BLAIR. It has been stated over and
over again in the Senate to-day in the debate
on this question that these mails were.carried
in the South under the authority aod by the
direct order of the Government of the United
States. There is jio mistake about that. The
Government here knew Very well that the
secession ordinances had been passed; but
they desired to communicate with their friends
in the South; they desired the mails to be
carried there ; and the proceedings of the Sen-
ate upon the passage of the Post Office appro-
priation bill in 1861 have been read in the
presence of the Senate to-day, in which the
Senate voted dowa a proposition to stop the
mails going to the South. So we knew full
well that those mails weregoiagto the South ;
they were delivered by the postmasters here in
order to go South, and we had a purpose to
serve in sending them South—to communicate
with those who were supposed to be friendly
to the Government of the United States. The
contractors carried the mails uuder the direc-
tion and by the order of the Government of
the United States, and I contend that it is not
necessary for- the payment of this sum of
money to these contractors that they should
prove their loyalty, or prove that, the post
offices and the routes themselves were under
the actual control of the Government of the
United States. I think the Government is
bound to pay its contracts with these people
where they were executed and the services
rendered.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I ask that this
matter by general consent be passed over for
the time being.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Oh, no.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California asks this amendment
be passed by for the time being. Is there
objection?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
Mr. COLE. I move, then, to lay the bill on
the table in order to proceed with another
appropriation bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope not.
Mr. THURMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
not in order. The motion is to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to appeal
to the Senator to withdraw his motion.
Mr. FKELINGI1UYSBN. it is a strange
thing that the chairman of the committee
should not have bis own way about it.
The question being talcfin by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Chandlor,
Cole, Oonkling, Cragin, Edmunds, Frelinehuysen.
Harlan, Hitchcock, Morrill oi Vermont, Pumeroy,
Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, and "Wil-
son—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Boreman, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, John-
ston, Kelly, Norwood, Oiborn, Pool, Jtansom, Rice,
Robertson, Baulsbury, Sawyer, Sprague, Thurman,
Trumbull, Viotajrs, and-Weat—25.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
■Caldwell, Camoron, Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett,
Bavis of Kentucky, Ronton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Gilbart, Uoldthwaite, Hamlin,
llowc, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine.
Morton, Nye, Patterson, Schurz, Spencer, Steven-
son. Stockton, Sumner. Tipton, Windom, and
Wright—31.
. So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
Mr. COLE. I now ask the Senate to vote
on the rest of the amendments without debate.
All the questions that can be raised on this
section of the bill have been debated until they
are certainly threadbare ; they have been dis-
cussed ad infinitum, and I may say ad nau.-
seum, and I think now we ought to vote on
the amendments without further debate. I
think Senators will agree to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California asks unanimous consent
that the vote be taken on this amendment and
amendments to it without further debate.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator will
not ask that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to lay the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri on
the table. That will stop debate on that.
Mr. THURMAN. Is not that motion amend-
able?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. THURMAN. Can I not move to lay
both the amendment and the amendment to
the amendment on the table?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that it cannot be done. It has been
repeatedly so ruled. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Illinois, to lay on
the table the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri to the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, Colo, Conkling, Cragin, Edmunds. Fro-
linghuyson. Harlan, Morrill of Vermont. Osborn,
Pomoroy, Pratt, Ramsey, It ice, Seott, Sherman,
Stewart, Trumbull, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Kelly,
Norwood, Pool, "Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Sprairue. Thurman. Viekors, and West—21.
ABSENT—Messrs.Ames, Bayard, Brownlow, Cald-
well. Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett, Davis
of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry
of Michigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaito, Hamlin, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Nyo, Patterson, Schurz,  Sponcor,
Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Windom, and
Wright—32.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
M*. POMEROY. I have not offered a con-
tribution to this subject to day. I want to
read (although it is not in order at this time
to offer it) an amendment which I think will
be acceptable. I think it ought to be accepted
all around on every side of this Chamber.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Let us hear it.
Mr. POMEROY. I am sincere myself in
offering it because I think we ought to pay
these contractors for a certain period and not
after that. My contribution, and I offer it in
seriousness and I hope it will be accepted, is
to make the section read :
That the sum of 8250,000, orso much thereof as may
be necessary, is hereby appropriated to pay unsettled
claims against the Government of the United States
on account of services rendered iu carrying the
mails in the States lately in rebellion.
So far the original section; then I insert:
But no payment shall be made to any person fof
servioes pertermed in any State after the time when
the State in which the sorvice was rendered had
seceded from the Union and joined the so-called
confederate States.
I would pay them up to the date when each
State where the service was performed went
into rebellion, and not a moment longer.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Allow me to tell my
friend that the Government actually paid them
long after that time.
Mr. POMEROY. Then all I have to say is
that you have had pay enough. If you had
pay as long as the services were performed iu
a State while that State was iu the Union, you
have had pay enough.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I do not admit that
any State was ever out of the Union.
Mr, SHERMAN. They were paid three
weeks after they adopted the Montgomery
constitution.
Mr. POMEROY. I know I arrived in this
town on the 14th day of April, 1861, and Vir-
ginia was holding a convention. She had not
gone out of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. Virginia did not join the
southern confederacy until' after that, and we
actually paid mail contractors down South
