636
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Woman Suffrage—Mr. Archer.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
poses. It is needless to enter into the details
of this bad woman's life. She was a hideous
compound of hypocrisy, treachery, and truc-
ulence, daily putting these revolting traits
into practice in private transactions no less
than in public affairs. Says the historian:
"At this time sensuality prevailed at the French
court, and Catharine encouraged it, and employed
it as the engine for perfecting her system of Machie-
velian policy.' By the attractions of her fair at-
tendants she governed the leaders of the Huguenot
faction, or by their insidious caresses obtained the
secrets of her enemies, in order to work their ruin, to
bring them before a venal tribunal, or to take them
off by the more dark and common instruments of her
ambition, poison and the stiletto. Murders were
hatched in the arms of love, and massacre planned
in the cabinet, of pleasure." * * * * "In
the year 1564 the queen-mother, accompanied by her
son, now in his sixteenth year, went to meet the
queen of Sp.iin at Bayonne. Gaycty, festivity, love,
and Joy seemed to be the solo occupation of both
courts; but under these smiling appearancess was
hatched a scheme the most bloody and the most de-
stuctive to the repose o( mankind that had everbeen
suggested by superstition to the human heart. Noth-
ing less was resolved upon and concocted than the
extermination of the Huguenots in France, the Prot-
estants in the Low Countries, and the extinction of
tho reformed opinions throughout Europe.' '
Now, although "superstition," as the his-
torian calls it, was the grand lever by which
the masses of the people were to be moved to
do this horrible thing, there is no doubt that
last of power was the chief motive influencing
the concoctors of the hellish plot. In other
words, it was a great political movement for the
extension of their own individual rule. And
who were the concoctors? Two Christian
women and a stripling of sixteen. And this
being the case, right readily may we surmise
to whom the honor and the glory of the plot
were due. The triumphant execution of that
plot was the fit crowning act of such a career
as that of Catharine of Medicis. Says the
historian again :
"There is nothing parallel in tho annals of man-
kind to the massacre of St. Bartholomew, either for
the dissimulation that laid the plot, or tho deliber-
ate cruelty and barbarity with which it was perpe-
trated. Five hundred gentlemen and men ot rank
and ten thousand of inferior condition were mur-
dered in Paris alone, and about sixty thousand in
different, parts of France. No popish writer of the
present, day mentions this massacre without detesta-
tion. fu Kngljiud itexcited indescribablo horror;
tho ladies and courticrs of Queen Elizabeth clad
themselves in deep mourning, and silence reigned,
as in tho dead of night, throughout tho royal apart-
ments."
Next we come to " glorious Queen Bess."
To every reader who can for a moment forget
the powerful ruler to contemplate the woman,
it will appear that the three great banes of
Elizabeth's life, were love of power, personal
vanity, and jealousy—particularly her jealousy
of her neighbor and kinswoman, Mary, Queen
of Scots, whose beauty, learning, and general
attractiveness of person, so far superior to her
own, she unceasingly envied for twenty-five
years, during the whole of which period she
watched, annoyed, and persecuted her rival
with an artful cunning worthy, perhaps, of a
Comanche squaw, but in a Christian queen
of England utterly detestable. Having fre-
quently declared her own intention of living
and dying a " virgin queen"—so' frequently,
indeed, as to lead many to suspect her virtue
altogether—she made it a point to thwart all
of Mary's matrimonial ariangements, from
motives of jealousy or from policy, and some-
times from both. She artfully incited in Scot-
land such intestine commotions and discords
as long distracted and weakened her rival's
government. But when those who, at her in-
stigation, had risen in conspiracy against Mary
were defeated and driven out of Scotland, as
soon as she found they had failed, she not only
refused them an audience, but treated them in
the most perfidious manner.
She was so deeply smitten with jealousy on
hearing of the birth of Mary's son that she
sank at once into a deep melancholy, and
wept bitterly at the very palpable advantage
which this event gave her rival. As regards
the means used by Elizabeth to get the Queen
of Scots into her power, suffice it to say that
for artful dissimulation, persistent perfidy, and
unscrupulous conduct throughout, it is a very
model for the aspiring student in hypocrisy.
Mary's subsequent trial was, at Elizabeth's
instigation, conducted in an illegal manner,
and she was condemned and executed on
evidence wholly insufficient.
The sequel to this affair was in itself enough
to have brought odium on the memory of
Elizabeth. I will quote the historian:
" Elizabeth, when informed of Mary's execution,
affected the utmost surprise and concern. Sighs,
tears, lamentations, and weeds of mourning were
all employed to display the greatness of hersorrow.
She even undertook to make the world believe
that the Queen of Scots, her dear sister and kins-
woman, had been put to death without her knowl-
edge and contrary to her inclination; and to
complete this farce she ordered her secretary to be
thrown into prison under pretense that he had
exceeded his commission in dispatching the fatal
warrant, which, although she had signed, she never
meant, she said, to carry into execution. This
hypocritical disguise was assumed chiefly fo appease
the young king of Scotland, who seemed determined
to employ the whole force of his dominions in order
to avenge his mother's death."
Elizabeth's malignity now settled upon
Mary's son, although he was a peaceable and
unaspiring prince. She refused to aid him
against their common enemy, the king of
Spain. She kept up a chronic discord in his
kingdom by bribing his ministers and foment-
ing discontent among his subjects, and was at
the bottom of a conspiracy with a power-
ful Scotch nobleman for seizing his person,
whether or not with the view of taking his life
is still in doubt. Historians all agree that
some of the unfortunate, most unpopular,
and arbitrary measures of Charles 1, which
finally brought him to the block at the hands
of an indignant people, were chargeable to
Henrietta, his queen, who exercised over him
unbounded influence. In other words, he lost
not only his kingdom, but his life, by her inter-
ference in political affairs.
Next comes Queen Anne. The historian,
after admitting her virtues, goes on to say;
"As a sovereign, notwithstanding the illustrious
ovents of her reign, she is entitled to little praise.
A prey to the most enslaving timidity, and con-
tinually governed by favorites, she can hardly be
said to have even .thought for herself, or to have
acted aooording to her inclinations. But as her
popularity concealed tho weakness of her personal
authority, tho groat abilities of her principal ser-
vants, to whom she owed that popularity, threw
a splendid vail over the public qualities of Queen
Anne."
Surely those who advocate the advancing of
women to power can draw but small comfort
or encouragement from the above specimen
of a petticoated ruler. The truth is, Anne was
a cipher, a negation, a mere puppet moved
across a grand stage by men of mighty genius,
such as Marlborough and Godolphin. The
same may be said of the present honored and
virtuous sovereign of Great Britain. God for-
bid that I should say ought against Victoria as
a woman ; it is only as a ruler that 1 have to
criticise her. So far as true womanly feeling
and demeanor are concerned she has few
superiors ; and this, not because she is a queen,
but in spite of it. The occupancy of a throne
has neither puffed her up with vanity nor uu-
sexed her, as is too often the case. She is a
woman still, from crown to sole; or, if you
choose, she has the crown of a queen but the
soul of a woman; a model daughter, wife,
mother, and friend is she. If her head is not
as strong as the masculine Elizabeth's, her
heart at least is true—none can gainsay that;
and that, as you have just heard, is far more
than can be said of the other. Yet, so far as
ruling the realm is concerned, she is the merest
nullity, from want of inclination, it may be in
part, but even were she ambitious to exercise
sway, still her genuine womanliness wholly
unfits her for the masculine task. Nor do I
contend that an occasional woman—say one
out of many millions—should a chance'present
to test her powers, might not rule a kingdom in
a creditable way; nay, she might even prove
such a prodigy as to preserve her moral integ-
rity, and might even for a little while "purge
the political air of its foulness." Still so rare
an instance would by no means invalidate my
position that woman's nature is such that, in
the main, she is unfit to govern. Like a dog
walking on his hind legs, the question is not
can she do it well, but can she do it at all.
Thus have I given in outline the lives and
acts of some of the most prominent public
women that history has handed down to us;
and it is only because time is precious that I
refrain from giving many more. It is a melan-
choly picture, but it is at the same time an
instructive one; and if we fail to profit by the
useful lesson it offers, the ruin be upon our
own heads. I do not say that in all this time
there were not noble women in the world. On
the contrary, I know there were millions of
them, but they aspired not to public honors
or conspicuous station as did those cited above.
In short, they aspired not to be like men, but
far superior to them, by remaining at home
and attending to their proper duties. Aud I
must blush for my sex when I admit that in
the more ancient times woman was kept in a
condition which was but little better thau
slavery. Still she toiled on through all those
ages which it seems to us now must have been
to her indeed a bitter period. Yet toiling on
through it all she loved her lord, arranged her
household, and with maternal fondness reared
her children; her sons in such a way as best
to prepare them for serving their country,
and her daughters for gracing their homes,
such as these were; aud it is most probable
that she was, through all the severe trials of
her situation—trials unknown to the women of
the present day—content with her lot; for as
yet she was ignorant of her true nature and
of that nature's real wants. Christianity had
not yet coine to enlighten her and her lord as to
what her lot ought injustice to be, and to prove,
even to his own satisfaction, how far superior
she was to him in all the nobler attributes that
tend to lift humanity above the sordid earth.
Christianity alone taught man woman's true
nature, and how she should be dealt with for the
promotion of his own welfare no less than of
hers. Without that boon from above he might
have lived on through countless ages and the
greatest revolution the world has ever seen,
the elevation of woman, would never have
entered into his benighted brain. Philosophy
could not have led to it, for some of the an-
cients were the greatest of philosophers, inso-
much that the teachings of the immortal Socrates
and of the great Staginte still influence the
philosophical world. The fine arts with all
their refining influence could not have done it,
for the painting and sculpture of the ancient
Greeks have been not only the models but the
despair of the artists of all subsequent ages.
Even heaven-born poesy was not equal to the
task, for there lived in those days the most
sublime bards, over whose pages we still pore
with ecstatic deligbt. None of these agencies
then were able to revolutionize the world by
rescuing women out of the slough in which the
natural brutality of man had kept her through
long, long ages of darkness. At last Christi-
anity came to her rescue, and to man's as well,
and elevated her to the lofty sphere which she
now occupies, and must continue to occupy or
the world will relapse speedily into its former
melancholy state. And in order that she
might not be deposed from this sublime pedes-
tal, where she stands the head and front of the
only enduring civilization, Christianity, which
put her there, enjoined, in language which can-
not be mistaken, that she must keep away from
the filthy arena of political life, trailing not her
celestial garments in its pitch, but give all her
