1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
SALE OF ARMS, ETC.
• Mr. BECK. I ask unanimous consent to
offer tbe following preamble and resolution:
Whereas it is obvious, from the response of the
Secretary of War laid before the House ou the 8th
of March last, in reply to the resolution passed on
the 28th day of February, 1872, asking information
as to the amount and value of public property sold
by the War Department since July 1.1865, and the
disposition made of the proceeds of such sales, that
the Secretary, having, as he states, been able to
ascertain not only the amount of appropriation
necessary to enable him to comply with the resolu-
tion and the time it will require to do so, but that
all sales of said property have been made '* in strict
accordance with the statute," can at least inform
this House as to the amount and character of prop-
erty sold by the Department, by whom sold, and
what has become of the money received therefor by
the Department and the otfioers thereof: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, directed to give to the House full informa-
tion as to the amount and character of the public
Broperty sold or otherwise disposed of by the War
lepartment since July 1,1865, and the amount of
such sales, by whom made, and the disposition made
of the proceeds of sales,stating how much, if any, of
gaid money was covered into the Treasury, and how
much has been spent by the Department without
reappropriation by Congress.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow
<ne a few moments I will not object to that
resolution, otherwise I will have to object to it.
Mr. BECK. I have no objection to the
gentleman occupying any time he desires.
Mr. BUTLBli, of Massachusetts. I object
anyhow.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to show to the
House the utter impracticability of obtaining
the information called for, and to show to
what extent it would be perfectly easy to the
Department to answer the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that he has been endeavoring to promote a
good deal of unanimous consent business, while
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] is really entitled to the floor. This res-
olution will give rise to some opposition, and
the Chair will recognize the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] as the next member to
move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BECK. If it is permitted me, I will
then allow the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] as much time as he desires.
Mr. DAWES. I desire merely to show to
the gentleman how it is impossible to get this
information by the phraseology that he uses,
and how he can get all he wants under differ-
ent phraseology without any great expense or
consumption of time. That is all I want.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot allow
debate in this way. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Kentucky to move a sus-
, pension of the rules in a moment.
BANKltUPTCY ACT.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1929) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867, and the several acts
amendatory thereof; which was read a first
and second time, recommitted, and ordered
to be printed, with the understanding that it
should not be brought back by a motion to
reconsider.
BEAVER IjAKB.
On motion of Mr. TOWNSEND, of Penn-
sylvania, by unanimous consent, the bill (S.
No. 016) to release to the State of Indiana the
land known as the bed of Beaver lake, in
Newton county, in said State, was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
TEIITJANTBPKC EXPEDITION.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Printing, reported
back without amendment Senate resolution
for the printing of extra copies of the report
of the Tehuantepec expedition, as follows:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That there be printed seven thousand addi-
tional copies of the report and accompanying maps
of the Tehauntepeo expedition, of which two thou-
sand copies shall be for the use of the Senate, four
thousand copies for the use of the House, and one
thousand copies for the use of the Secretary of the
Navy.
The resolution was agreed to.
committee c1.krk.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Accounts:
Resolved, That the Committee on Expenditures
in the Treasury Department be authorized to em-
ploy a clerk during so much of the present session
as his services may be required, at 84 80 per day.
CLAIM AGENTS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unan-
imous consent that the following section may
be considered in order as an amendment to
the Post Office appropriation bill when its
consideration shall again be resumed in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and that the amendment
be also printed:
Sec. —. That it shall hereafter be unlawful for
any person who has held an office in any executive
department of the Government, to which he was
appointed by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to act as attorney, solicitor, or agent in the
prosecution ot any claim against the United States
in such Department within two years after the date
at which he ceased to besuch officer: and itis hereby
made the duty of the headsof the several Executive
Departments to enforce the provisions of this section.
Mr. HOAR. If consent shall be given to
have this amendment offered to the Post Office
appropriation bill, will it also be in order to
move as an amendment to the amendment
any matter which may be germane thereto ?
The SPEAKER. Anything would be in
order as an amendment thereto that is ger-
mane.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the provisions of
this section are correct.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, communicated
to the House by Mr. SYMPS0N,0ne of its clerks,
announced that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, a House bill of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 437) authorizing the Pres-
ident of the United States to reestablish the
Monroe land district in the State of Louisiana.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, and requested the concur-
rence of the House therein,'a resolution to
print extra copies of the first eight tables of
the census report.
POST OFFICE CONTRACTS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee on the
Post OfficeandPost Roadsabill in reference to
contracts for carrying the United States mails.
I desire permission to say to the House that it
is very important to the Post Office Depart-
ment and to the Treasury that this bill may
be passed now, in order that the Department
may have the benefit of it at its lettings of the
1st of next month. The bill has been agreed
to unanimously by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and I ask that it may
now be received for consideration.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objections will be in order.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that any person or persons bidding for the
transportation of the mails upon any route
which may be advertised to be let, and receiv-
ing an award of the contract for such service,
who shall willfully refuse or fail to euter into a
contract with the Postmaster General in due
form to perform the service described in his
or their bid or proposal, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction
thereof, be punished by a fine not exceeding
$5,000, and by imprisonment for a term not
exceeding twelve months.
The second section provides that each bid for
carrying the mail shall hereafter have affixed
to it an oath of the bidder, taken before a per-
son qualilied to administer oaths, that he has
the ability pecuniarily to fulfill his obligations,
and that the bid is made in good faith, and
with the intention to enter into a contract and
perform the services in case his bid is accepted,
and that the signatures of his guarantors are
genuine, and that he believes said guarantors
pecuniarily responsible for and able to pay
all damages the United States shall suffer by
reason of the bidder's failing to perform his
obligation as such bidder.
The third section provides that any post-
master who shall affix his signature to a cer-
tificate of sufficiency of guarantors before the
guarantee is signed by the guarantors shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall on
conviction thereof be punished by a fine not
exceeding $1,000, or by imprisonment not ex-
ceeding one year, or both, and shall be forth-
with dismissed from office.
Section four provides that no bidder for
carrying the mails shall be released from his
obligation under his bid or proposition, not-
withstanding an award be made to a lower
bidder, until a contract for the designated ser-
vice shall have been duly signed by such bidder
and accepted, and the service entered upon by
the contractor to the satisfaction of the Post-
master General.
The fifth section empowers the Postmaster
General to reject bids for mail service which
shall appear to him upon due investigation to
be exorbitant, fraudulent, or fictitious ; but in
all such cases he is to report his action, with
the reasons therefor, to Congress at its next
session thereafter.
The sixth section provides that after any
regular bidder or contractor for the transport-
ation of the mails upon any route shall have
failed to enter into contract and commence
the performance thereof as herein provided,
the Postmaster General shall proceed to con-
tract with the next lowest bidder for such ser-
vices, who shall enter into a contract and per-
form the same, unless the Postmaster General
can contract upon better terms for the Gov-
ernment with some other responsible party, in
which case he is authorized so to do.
The seventh section repeals the provision of
the fourth section of the act of March 3, 1871,
requiring certified checks or drafts to accom-
pany bids.
The eighth section provides that in case of
the sickness or unavoidable absence from his
office of the postmaster of any money-order
post office, he may, with the approval of the
Postmaster General, authorize the chief clerk,
or some other clerk employed therein, to act
in his place, and to discharge all the duties
required by law of such postmaster; provided
that the official bond given by the principal of
the office shall be held to cover and apply to
the acts of the person appointed to act m his
place in such cases; and provided further
that such acting officer shall for the time
being be subject to all the liabilities and pen-
alties prescribed by law for the official mis-
conduct in like cases of the postmaster for
whom he shall act.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be considered as passed.
Mr. POTTER. Before the bill is passed, I
desire to make a suggestion to the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, [Mr. Fabnsworth.] The existing law
provides that for sufficient reasons the Post-
master General may release the sureties of a
postmaster and accept new sureties; but there
is no such provision in respect to the sureties
of persons who have contracted to carry the
mail. [ desire, therefore, to suggest to the
gentleman that the following provision be
added to his bill as a new section :
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That the Post-
master General, whenever he may deem it consist-
ent with the public interest, may accept new surety
upon any contract existing, or hereafter made, for
carrying the mails, in substitution for and release of
any existing surety.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Pottek] has shown me this
amendment, and I think it eminently proper.
