1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3377
i* iron ship-building yards.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, introduced a
^ biU (H. R. No. 2716) to establish an iron ship-
[T building yard on the waters falling into the
Atlantic and an iron ship-building yard on the
ly Mississippi or its tributaries, and to afford
r facilities to the Navy ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed
internal taxbs.
Mr. L. MYERS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2717) to amend the thirtieth section of
the act entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved July
14, 1870; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
joiin waugh.
Mr. B. P. MEYERS introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2718) for the relief of John Waugh;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
cancellation of tobacco bonds.
Mr. DUKE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2719) for the cancellation of bonds for manu-
factured tobacco lost in the steamer George
P. Upton between the cities of Richmond
and New York; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
taxbs on manufactured tobacco.
Mr. DUKE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2720) to provide for the abatement of
repayment of taxes on manufactured tobacco
in bond destroyed by casualty; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. TERRY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2721) to remove the political disabilities of F.
Johnson, James H. Logan, and R. H. Logan ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
cyrus p. mend en ii all.
Mr. HARPER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2722) for the relief of Cyrus P. Mendenhall,
of Greensboro, North Carolina; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. PRICE introduced abill(H. R. No. 2723)
to remove the political disabilities of Hosea C.
Giddens, William J. Wyley, and Richard Mar-
till, citizens of the State of Georgia, and Wil-
liam R. McConnell; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, after having been read at the
request of Mr. Eldredge.
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2724) to remove the political disabilities of
Corry W. Styles, of Georgia; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SLOSS introduced a bill (EL R. No.
2725) to remove the political disabilities of
Isaac M.^ Downs, J. B. Cox, and Daniel Ben-
son, of Franklin county, Alabama; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr- MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
272(5) to remove the political disabilities of
persons therein named; which was read a
urst and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
japanese at tiie military academy.
Mr. MOREY also introduced a bill (H. R.
■No. 2727) authorizing the Secretary of War
to admit six Japanese youths to the West
joint Military Academy; whioh was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
42d Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 212.
MMro^REY al.s° i[ltroduced a bill (H. R.
INo. AT28) authorizing the Secretary of War
to admit six Japanese youths to the West
r'oint Military Academy; which was read a
tirstand second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
mouth of tiie mississippi.
Mr. SYPHER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2729) to clean and deepen the channel over
the bar at the mouth of the Mississippi river,
in the State of Louisiana; which was read a
first and second time, with the accompanying
papers referred to the Committee on Corn"
raerce, and ordered to be printed.
distribution of public documents.
Mr. BEATTY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2730) to provide for the distribution of public
documents; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Printing,
and ordered to be printed.
claims before tiie departments.
Mr. BECIC introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2731) to regulate^ the prosecution of claims
before the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for the reading
of the bill in full.
The bill was accordingly read in full, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
ethan a. sawyer.
Mr. CALDWELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2732) for the relief of Ethan A. Sawyer ;
which was read a first and second time, with
the accompanying papers referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
eliza b. anderson.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (FI. R. No.
2733) granting a pension to Eliza B. Ander-
son; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Com mittee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
cherokee treaty of 18G6.
Mr. VOORHEES introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2734) to recognize the validity of the Cher-
okee treaty of July 19, 18C6; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee oil Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
mary e. foster.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2735) granting a pension to
Mary E. Foster, of Chillicothe, Missouri;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
missouri state militia.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, also introduced
a bill (ET. R. No. 2736) to provi'de for the pay-
ment of a bounty of $100 to the proposed fifth
regiment Missouri State militia; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
supreme court.
Mr. WELLS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2737) changing the time of holding the
supreme court, and providing for a session of
the same at St. Louis; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
missouri cavalry volunteers.
Mr. HAVENS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
.2738) to provide for the payment of bounty
to the fifteenth and sixteenth regiments Mis-
souri cavalry volunteers; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
mrs. susan c. rhea.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, introduced a bill
(H. R No. 2/39) for the relief of Mrs. Susan
C. _ Rhea, widow of Dr. J. Burrows Gardner;
Which was read a first and second time
referred to the _ Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
payment of contestants.
Mr. McCRARY introduced a bill (H. R,
No. 2740) to prohibit the payment of'ex-
penses to either party to a contested-election
ease in the House of Representatives ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Elections, and ordered to
be printed.
peru, iowa.
Mr. DONNAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
Aj1)t0. Prov'de for the appraisement and sale
of lots in the town of Peru, Dubuque county,
Iowa; which was read.a first and second time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for the reading
of this bill at length.
The bill was accordingly read in full, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
ii. c. van louvan.
Mr. DONNAN also introduced a bill (H
R. No. 2742) for the relief of H. C. Van Lou-
van ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Let this bill be read
in full.
The bill was accordingly read at length,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
taxation and monopoly.
Mr. ELDREDGE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2743) to increase taxes and encourage mo-
nopoly without producing revenue ; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. BECK. That seems to be a remark-
able bill. I ask that it be read.
_ The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, begin-
ning at eleven o'clock and thirtyfive minutes
a. m.
_ Mr. DAWES (when the Clerk had read some
time) said : It seems to me we might dispense
with the reading of this bill. If it is the settled
purpose of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldrisdok] and those who act with him to pre-
vent the passage of any civil rights bill 
Mr. COX. I object to debate. The gen-
tleman has no more right to debate than
I have.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to debate
the matter ; but if it is the settled purpose of
the gentlemen on the other side to prevent the
passage of any civil rights bill, let us pass to
something else.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The Clerk will read.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
Mr. DAWES, (at twelve o'clock m.) If the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge]
will listen a moment, I wish to make a prop-
osition. If the fifteen minutes remaining of
the morning hour be consumed in reading this
bill, it will afterward take that much time
additional to receive by unanimous consent
bills, &c., whioh could nof be introduced dur-
ing the morning hour. Might we not as well
receive those bills during the morning hour as
afterward by unanimous consent?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I supposed that after the
Clerk had read this bill the gentleman from
Massachuselts [Mr. Dawes] would want to
pass it this morning. He is understood to be
in favor of a tariff bill in some form, and I
thought this might meet his views.
Mr. DAWES. I only made my proposition
in order to save time.
Mr. COX. I object to debate.
Mr. DAWES. 1 thought the fifteen minutes
remaining of the morning hour might as well
be occupied in receiving bills.
Mr. COX. Debate is not in order.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts had better have the civil rights
bill referred to the Committee on the Judi-
