1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24BI
my committee, and I reported it without
leave, because I had a right to do so at any
time; but as to the other bill, which was of a
different character, I asked unanimous con-
sent of the House to report it. The right of
the Committee of Elections, the Committee
on Appropriations, and the Committee of
Ways and Means to report at any time has
always, while I have been a member of the
House, been construed as limited to the spe-
cial matters over which those committees by
their creation have jurisdiction.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think the gentleman
is mistaken in alleging that any rule author-
izes the Committee of Elections to report at
any time. Their privilege in that respect re-
sults only from the privileged nature of the
matters generally committed to them.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I do not believe
it would be wise to send a resolution of this
kind to the Committee on the Rules. That
committee is composed of five members, the
Speaker being one, and the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] another, both of
whom have stated their view as to the ques-
tion before the House. As another member
of that committee, I beg to concur in what
they have said, and I do so for one simple
reason. The rules of this House were made
for the purpose of protecting minorities by
obstructing and impeding legislation. They
were framed at an early day in the history of
our Government, whpn men had " strict con-
struction" ideas, both as to the constitution
of the House and the Constitution of the coun-
try. They were not framed like the rules of
most legislative bodies for facilitating legis-
lation. I hold that the House would be depart-
ing from the original reason and philosophy
of our rules if it did not sustain the Speaker
in the construction which he has given to the
rule now in question—a decision supported by
the very reasons out of which the rule grew.
We have here legislation of all sorts; it is
multifarious in its character. It is worse ten-
fold than when I came to Congress in 1856.
There is greater reason growing out of the
business which comes in this multifarious way
to Congress, and in the aggrandizement of
power by the Government as the result of the
war—there is greater reason, I say, why the
Speaker, when he gives a strict construction
to tbe rules, should be sustained by the House.
I hope this will not be referred to the Com-
mittee on Rules.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question then recurred on the adoption
of the resolution submitted by Mr. Banks.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
167, noes 6.
So the resolution was adopted; and the
decision of the Chair sustained as the judg-
ment of the House.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
territorial business.
The SPEAKER. To-day at half past one
o'clock was set apart for reports from the
Committee on Territories to the exclusion of
all other business.
Mr. KETCHAM. I desire to submit a
report from the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
St. Croix and Bayfield land grant.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, chairman of the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, gave notice last week that he would
to-day submit a report from the committee of
conference. That is of sufficiently high priv-
ilege to override the privilege aceoj'ded the
Committee on Territories. The Chair hopes,
however, that some adjustment will be made,
42s Cons. 2d Sess.—No, 156.
so that the Committee on Territories may not
be deprived of the privilege accorded them.
Mr. TAPFE. I am aware the motion
made by the gentleman from New York will
take precedence of the order of the House
granting to-day to the Committee on Territo-
ries for reports. It will be remembered by
the Chair and by the Housq that the territorial
business has been postponed twice before. I
know it is by the grace of the House the priv-
ilege has been accorded to the Committee on
Territories, and before the gentleman from
New York submits his report, I ask the House
to fix some other day to which the reports
from- the Committee on Territories may be
postponed, subject to the same restrictions as
the original order of the House to-day.
The SPEAKER. What day does the gen-
tleman fix?
Mr. TAFFE. I move that this day two
weeks be set apart for the consideration of
reports from the Committee on Territories,
subject to the same restrictions made by the
original order of the House.
The SPEAKER. That is, the business of
the Territorial Committee shall be considered
to the exclusion of all other business except-
ing reports from the Committee of Ways and
Means and from the Committee on Appro-
priations.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. TAPFE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
uailure of mails.
Mr. ELDREDGE, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on the
Judiciary a petition praying the repeal of the
law authorizing reduction of pay to mail con-
tractors for failure to deliver mails on account
of high water, and moved that it be referred j
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post i
Roads. !
The motion was agreed to.
st. croix and bayfield railroad
Mr. KETCHAM. Mr. Speaker, in pursu-
ance of the notice which I ga re last week, I !
now report on behalf of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on a bill (S. No. 565) to extend the
time to the State of Wisconsin to complete the
road from Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior,
that they have met, and after a full and free
conference have been unable to agree. The
Senate have asked for another committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and as it has been customary to com-
ply with such a request, I move the House
insist on its amendment, and ask another
committee of conference.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move, if now in order,
that the House recede, and on that I demand
the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
adhere.
Mr. STEVENSON. I thought the gentle-
man from New York had demanded the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. He did not, but even if
he had, it would not cut off the right to make
the motion to recede.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as the motion
has been made to recede from the amendment
of the House, I hope the gentleman from New
York will permit me to make a motion to
sdiisrC'
The SPEAKER. The three motions can
be pending at the same time, ar.d will be con-
sidered in the following order : the motion to
recede first, then the motion to insist, and ask
for another committee of conference, and
finally the motion to adhere
Mr. KETCHAM. I am to_ understand,
then, Mr. Speaker, that the motion to recede
will take precedence of the motion I have
made to insist and ask for another committee
of conference, and that the demand for the
previous question even would not cut off the
motion to recede. Now, sir, when I submit-
ted the motion to insist and ask for another
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, I believed it would meet with general
acquiescence on the part of th6 House. How-
ever, as it has been met in an entirely differ-
ent spirit, and a motion has been made to
recede, provoking, of course, a contest at this
time between the friends and opponents of
the bill, I do not see how I can, with anything
like fairness, refuse to yield to the gentleman
from Indianalo make a motion to adhere.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 now submit that the
House adhere to its amendment.
Mr. KETCHAM. I withdraw the motion
to insist and ask for another, conference, the
friends of the measure having determined, as
it would seem, to have the question decided
now, and I now demand the previous question.
Mr. VAN_ TRUMP. What would be the
effect of voting to recede ?
The SPEAKER. To recede is to pass the
bill as it came from the Senate. In other
words, both Houses have passed this bill.
The Senate passed it in one form, and the
House passed it with an amendment. If the
House recede from the amendment, the bill
will pass.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. KILLINGER. I ask that the amend-
ment be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That all the lands which were granted by Congress
in the year 1856 and the year 1864 to the State of
Wisconsin to aid in the construction of a railroad
from St. Croix river or lake to Lake Superior, with
a branch road to Bayfield, the said grant having ex-
pired by limitation, be, and hereby are, forfeited to
the United States, and shall henceforward be subject
to homestead entry and settlement under the act of
Congress approved May 20,1862, to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain, and
shall be disposed of according to the provisions of
said act. But no part of said lands shall be selected
by or inure to the benefit of any railroad company
under any assumed grant from the United States:
and said lands are expressly reserved lor the benefit
of actual settlers under the provisions of said home-
stead act* Provided, That no land embraced in the
grant to the St. Croix Railroad Company shall, in
any case, revert to the Northern Pacific Railway
Company; and all aots or parts of acts inconsistent
with this provision are hereby repealed.
Amend the title so as to read:
An act to declare forfeited to the United States
certain lands granted to the State of Wisconsin to
aid in constructing a railroad and branch therein,
and to reserve the same to actual settlers.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as there are two
motions pending, a motion to recede and a
motion to adhere, I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry as to the exact effect of
those two motions when placed in opposition
to each other.
The SPEAKER. The same inquiry has
been made by several gentlemen, and the Chair
desires the attention of the House while he
states the effect of the two motions now pend-
iug, one made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofibld] to recede, and the
other by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] to adhere, if the House shall re-
cede from the amendment which has been
just read, the bill is passed by that vote. Re-
ceding from that amendment passes the bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. As it
came from the Senate?
The SPEAKER. Precisely as it came from,
the Senate. The original Senate bill is passed
if the House recede from its amendment. If
the House should not recede, the question will
then come up on the motion to adhere ; and
if the House 3hould adhere, that finally ends
the bill and defeats it. Adhering onstbe part
of the House defeats the bill final1 y. The two
motions are as distinctly antagonistic and op-
posite. in their effect as they possibly can be
under parliamentary law.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 ask that the bill as
it came to us from the Senate be read. If ws
