3378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
ciary. I have asked that ever since the bill
was introduced.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing the bill should
be referred. If gentlemen on the other side
are unwilling to have the bill passed, I am will-
ing to do the next best thing.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Your colleague [Mr.
Hooper, of Massachusetts] is not willing to
have it referred.
The SPEAKER. This matter cannot be
debated during the morning hour.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
"which was concluded at ten minutes after
twelve o'clock p. in.
The SPEAKER. To what committee does
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge]
desire this bill to be referred?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Not to the Committee
of Ways and Means, unless they have another
chairman.
The SPEAKER. The question cannot be
debated.
Mr. DAWES. Must not the bill go to the
Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It need not go to the
Committee of the Whole on the first refer-
ence. When considered it must receive its
first consideration in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAWES. I move the reference of the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
SWAMP LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (II. R. No.
2744) relating to swamp lands in the State of
California; which was read a lirst anil second
time, referred to the Commitee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
LANDS IN OltKUON.
Mr. SLATER introduced a bill (II. R. No.
2745) to authorize the State of Oregon to
chango the list of lands selected by said State
under the act of September 4, 1841; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
LKUAL RM'RUSENTATIVliS Of .IOIIN SCOLLY.
Mr. GALLKGOS introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 27'l(i) authorizing the legal representa-
tives of .lohn Si-oily and others in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, to institute suit against
the United States in the supreme court of
New Mexico; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the committee on Pri-
vate Lund Claims, and ordered to be printed.
MILTTAKY ROADS IN N'KW MUXICO.
Mr. GALLEGOS also introduced a bill (U.
R. No. 2747) providing for the completion of
the military road from Sant.a F6 to Taos, in
the Territory of New Mexico; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GALLEGOS also introduced a bill (II.
It. No. 2748) providing for the construction
of a military road from Port Union to Las
Vegas, San Miguel, Mesa de Pecos, Rancho
de San Carlos, via Santa K6, (Port Marcy,) to
Albuquerque, in the Territory of New Mex-
ico; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
BRIDGES OVEli. BIO SIOUX 1UVHR.
Mr._ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 274!l) to provide for the construction of
Government bridges over Big Sioux river be-
tween the Territory of Dakota and the State
of Iowa; which was read a first and second
time, referred tothe Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be piinted.
VERMILLION VALLEY, ETC , RAILROAD.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also introduced a bill
(II. It. No. 2750) granting the right of way to
the Vermillion Valley and Northern Pacific
Railroad Company ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee ou the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
CIVIL RIGHTS BILL.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent of the House that the bill known as
the civil rights bill, which is now an obstruc-
tion to business, be taken out of the morning
hour. There is no necessity of its remaining
there. If the Senate pass a bill it will come
here, go upon the Speaker's table, and can be
taken up by a majority vote.
Mr. RANDALL. Is this in order?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If there be objec-
tion I will move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The bill was introduced
by the gentleman from Maine, but it was or 
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hooper] who is now absent.
Mr. DAWES. 1 desire to say that my col-
league from one of the Boston districts, [Mr.
Hooper,] at whose suggestion the civil rights
bill was brought in here, is still detained from
the House by sickness, or otherwise he would
be present in the discharge of his duties.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my mo-
tion, then, until the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is present.
ordkr of business.
The SPEAKER. There being no objec-
tion, bills and joint resolutions will be received
for reference only, not to be brought back by
a motion to reconsider, by gentlemen who were
not present when their States were called.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
JAMKS A. SANDERS.
Mr. HAY introducedabill (H. R. No. 2751)
granting a pension to James A. Sanders;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL 01' POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. WALLACE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2752) to relieve from legal and political
disabilities the persons named therein ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
VIt VNICLIN ,T. WALKER.
Mr. MclNTYUE introduced a bill (II. R. No.
2753) to release from political disabilities
Franklin J.Walker, of Colquitt county, Geor-
gia; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
WKSTKRN DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2754) to facilitate the trials of criminal
causes and reduce expenses in the western dis-
trict of Arkansas ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee ou
the Judiciary,"and ordered to be printed.
HENRY CLAY WOOD.
Mr.^ AVEPJLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2755) for the relief of Henry Clay Wood,
major and assistant adjutant general United
States Army; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be piinted.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. McKEE introduced a bill (II. R. No.
! 2750) to remove political disabilities from
S certain citizens of Mississippi; which was
' read a first and second* time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
SOLDIERS' MONUMENT, SYRACUSE, NEW YORK.
| Mr. DUBLL introduced a joint resolution,
| (II. R. No. 151) donating cannon for the
erection of'a soldiers' monument at Syracuse,
New Y'ork; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
postal routes.
Mr. COGHLAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2757) relating to postal routes ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
elizabeth harding.
Mr. McJUNKIN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2758) for the relief of Elizabeth Harding;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
PENNSYLVANIA STATE ASSOCIATION.
Mr. L. MYERS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2759) donating cannon for the Pennsyl-
vania State Association of Washington, District
of Columbia ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
eish and fisheries.
Mr. LAMISON submitted the following
resolution ; which was 'referred to the Com-
mittee on Rules:
Resolved, That in addition to the committees now
authorized bv the rules of this House there be cre-
ated an additional committee, to be designated by
the name of "Committee on Fish and Fisheries,"
the same to consist of such number of members as
other standing committees, tho same to have con-
sideration of all subjects relating to the propagation
and preservation of fish in the navigable waters of
tho United States.
pension bill.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Moore,] chairman of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, desires me to ask the House
to assign this evening for the consideration of
the pension bill which is now in the private
business of the morning hours of Friday and
Saturday.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, de-
sires to ask leave for the Committee on the
Judiciary to report to-night and to-morrow
night.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would sug-
gest that when gentlemen are asking for even-
ing sessions the point had better be determ-
ined whether ihe business shall go over as
unfinished, because, as that point may be
determined, anentiiely different complexion
may be given t-0 the business of the House.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman at whose
request I asked that to-night be assigned for
the consideration of the pension bill can say
whether he will give way to the Committee on
the Judiciary or not.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the House to assign
to-morrow evening and the evening following
after half past seven o'clock to the considera-
tion of reports from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. DAWES. Let it be with the under-
standing that the business shall not go over as
unfinished.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make the fur-
ther request that next Monday evening be
assigned to the Judiciary Committee, which
wishes to have a further hearing at that time
on account of the necessary absence of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mercur 3
Mr. BANKS. I think two evenings is as
much as should be assigned to one committee.
There are other committees which desire to
have evening sessions assigned to their busi-
ness.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest that
when we meet at eleven o'clock each day and
sit until five it is quite enough for the reporters,
the clerks, and everybody else.
Mr. BANKS. It is necessary that the public
business shall he done.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thecommitteesought
to have pushed their business during the win-
ter when we were meeting and adjourning for
weeks, doing very little.
Mr. MOORE. I dislike very much standing
in the way of other gentlemen who have rights
