2482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
recede from our amendment we thereby pass
that bill. I ask, therefore, that it be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to make that demand. The Clerk will
read the original bill as it came from the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows :
An act to extend the time to the State of Wisconsin
to complete a road from Lake St. Croix to Lake
Superior.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That in case there shall be completed,
within one year from the passage of this act, forty
miles of the road from the St. Croix river or lake
to Lake Superior, as authorized bi-act of Congress
approved June 3,1856, and act of Congress approved
May 5,1864, and the Secretary of tbe Interior shall
be satisfied of such completion, the time for com-
pleting the construction of said road as authorized
by said acts shall be extended to the State of Wis-
consin five years from the passage of this act, and
all the grants, rights, and privileges contained in
said original acts shall be continued in full force and
virtue for said time of five years: Provided, That
the word "mineral" when used in the acts herein-
before referred to shall not be held to include coal,
and subject, to the further condition that the lands
granted by the acts hereby extended, excepting only
such as are necessary for the company to which the
benefits of this act may inure, reserve for depots,
stations, side-traeks, wood-yards, standing-grounds,
and other needlul uses, in operating the road, and
pine and coal lands shall be sold to actual settlors
only, and in quantities not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres to any one person, under such rules
and restrictions as may be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, at such prices as will secure to
said company, its successors or assigns, an average
price of not more than two dollars and fifty cents
per acre, and subject to the further condition that
the right of way is hereby granted to said company
to the extent of one hundred feet in width on each
side of the said road through the public lands:
Provided, That the grant hereby extended shall
inure only to the benefit of such company or com-
panies as the State of Wisconsin may hereafter
designate.
Mr. K1STCHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
close debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is enti-
tled to one hour.
Mr. KETCHAM. I propose, Mr. Speaker,
to occupy only a few moments.
On a former occasion I gave the history
of this road, and the legislation of Congress
concerning it. My views remain unchanged.
The majority of the Ilouse conferees insisted
upon a substitute, which the House by a de-
cided vote adopted, and which restores the
lands in question to the public domain, and
places them beyond the reach of any railroad
company. The majority of the Senate con-
ferees insisted on the original Senate bill,
which gave to this railroad company about
fourteen hundred thousand acres of public
lands, which are very valuable by reason of
the forests of choice pine timber with which
they are covered, in addition to this, Con-
gress has already given another railroad run-
ning parallel to this, and within an average
distance of twenty-eight miles from it, and
which is now in operation, eight hundred
thousand acres of land. We are thus called
upon to subsidize two lines of railroad within
an average distance of twenty-eight miles of
each other. I doubt very much if the people
will sanction such legislation.
These lands have been kept from settlement
during the last three years by reason of a con-
tract between the late Commissioner of the
Land Office and the late Governor of Wis-
consin. That contract is now on file in the
Department, and was lead when the bill was
formerly considered in the House.
I desire the House to vote understanding^
on this matter. The motion to recede, should
it prevail, will pass the original Senate bill,
while a motion to adhere, if it succeeds, will
epen these lands to settlement under the home-
stead and preemption laws. 1 call for a vote.
Mr. MoCRARY. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ketcham] yield to me for a
few minutes?
Mr. KETCIIAM. I will yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. McCRARY. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ketcham] has stated the effect of
the substitute adopted by the House for the
Senate bill to be to place these lands in the
possession of actual settlers and to take them
away from railroad corporations. I voted for
the substitute which was adopted by the House
with a very different understanding as to its
effect. And if I was wrong in that under-
standing I wish the* gentleman would correct
me and correct other members of the-House
upon that subject. *
If I understand the facts of the case they
are these: the earlier grant was made to this
Wisconsin railroad company; subsequently the
same lands were covered by the grant made
to the Northern Pacific Railroad Company.
Now, if 1 am correct in regard to those facts,
then I submit that it is utterly impossible to
reserve these lands for the use of actual set-
tlers. Any provisions we may incorporate
into this bill for that purpose or with that
view will be utterly null and void. Now, I
desire to understand distinctly from gentle-
men who are familiar with this subject, who
have considered this bill of the Senate and
the substitute of the House, whether it is true,
as has been repeatedly alleged upon this floor,
that these lands fall within the grant made
to the North Pacific Railroad Company. If
they do fall within that grant, then it is utterly
idle for us to talk about reserving them for
the use of actual settlers, or for entry under
the homestead law. That is a question of
fact which the House ought distinctly to under-
stand.
Now, if it be true, as I have been led to
believe from the discussions which we have had
upon this subject, that these lands do fall
within the grant made to the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, then the effect of the sub-
stitute adopted by the House for the Senate
bill would be to confirm the title to them to
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company, and
it could have no other effect. If these lands
are within that grant, then there is nothing
necessary to perfect their title to thern, except
that the earlier grant shall be declared null
and void by act of Congress, and that is done
by this substitute. I hope that these matters
may be explained, so that I and other gentle-
men here who wish to vote on the side of the
actual settlers may understand correctly the
effect of this substitute.
Mr. KETCHAM. I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read a letter from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office upon this
subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
DePAKTJIEXT 01' the interior,
General Land Office,
Washixgton, 1). C., March 20,1872.
SlE: In response to your inquiries of this morning
I have thojionor to state that should the grant to
the St. Croixand Lake Superior railroad be renewed,
Should the lands be dcelared forfeited, and re-
turned to the United States as ordinary public lands,
to be disposed of in the usual manner, then the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company would, under
its acts, and upon the definite location of their line,
be entitled to so much of said lands as should then
be undisposed of, and within the limits of their
grant.
Estimating upon the basis of the general line of
route ot the said Northern Pacific railroad, from
Montreal river to the west boundaiy of tbe State of
Wisconsin, as filed in this office, that company would
receive of the above lands about six hundred and
ufty thousand acres.
Should the grantto the St. Croix road be renewed,
however, then the Northern Pacific Railway Com-
pany would be entitled to other lands, in lieu of
those granted to the St. Croix road, to be selected
from their indemnity limits, either in the State of
Wisconsin or elsewhere.
I aiu, sir, very respectfully,
WILLIS DRUMMOND,
Commissioner,
Hon. J. H. Ketcham, House of Representatives,
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had insisted upon their amendments,
disagreed to by the House, to the bill of the
Iiouse No. 1060, making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes ; had
agreed to the conference asked by the House
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed as the conferees
on the part of the Senate, Mr. Cole of Cali-
fornia, Mr. Morrill of Vermont, and Mr.
Stevenson of Kentucky.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, and requested the concur-
rence of the House in a bill of the following
title:
A bill (S. No. 908) to change the direction
of the road authorized by the act approved
June 3, 1856, from Ontonagon, in the State
of Michigan, to the Wisconsin State line, and
for other purposes.
sr. CROIX AND LAKE SUPERIOR RAILROAD.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
St. Croix and Lake Superior railroad bill.
Mr. KETCHAM. I call for a vote.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me two minutes?
Mr. KETCHAM. I must decline to yield.
I would be pleased to oblige the gentleman ;
but if I yield to him I must yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] and
others.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to show by the law that the Commissioner of
the General Land Office is in error.
Mr. KETCHAM. I am called upon by gen-
tlemen around me to insist upon a vote.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield,] that the House recede
from its amendment to the bill of the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. Should the House refuse
to recede, and then adhere to its amendment,
cannot the Senate then agree to the amend-
ment of the House ?
The SPEAKER. If the House shall ad-
here to its amendment, the Senate could then
pass the House bill, but the House could not
then pass the Senate bill.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I call
for tbe yea3 and nays on the motion to recede
from the amendment of the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 56, nays 116, not voting
68; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber, Beck,
Austin Blair, Boles, George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Conger, Dawes, De Large, Don nan, Du Bose, Bun-
nell, Eidredge, Goodrich, Hale, Hancock, Harper,
Gerry W. llazelton, John W. Hazelton, lloar,
Hooper, Houghton, Lansing, Maynard, McCormick,
Orr, Palmer, Peck, Pcrce, liliPerry, Peters, Poland,
Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley,
Sheldon, Sherwood. Slater, Sloss, Snapp. Snyder,
Stoughton, Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Washington
Townsend, Twichell, Waddell, Waldcn, Waldron,
Wheeler, and Williams of New York—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Barry, Beatty.Bell, Beveridge, Biggs, Bing
ham, Bird, Braxton, Bufiinton, Burcbard, Buidett,
Roderick R. Butler, Carroll, William T. Clark, Co-
burn, Coghlan, Conner, Cox, Critcher, Crossland,
Darrall, Davis, Dickey, liuell, Eames, Ely, Farns-
worth, Fmkelnburg, Porker, Garfield, Garrett,
Golladay, Griffith. Haldeman, Halsey, Hambleton,
Handley, Hanks, Harmer. George E. Harris, John T.
Harris, Havens. Hay, Hays, Hereford,Herndon, Hib-
bard, Holman, Kellev, Kellogg, Kendall,Ketcham,
Killinger, King, Lewis, Lowe,Manson,Marshall,Mc-
Clelland, McCrary, McHenry, Mclntyre, McJunkm,
McKinney, McNeely, Mercur, Merriam, Merrick,
Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Negley, Niblack, Packard,
Packer, Isaac 0. Parker. Aaron F. Perry, Pol ter,
Prindle, Rainey, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts,
Sessions, Shanks, Shoemaker, John A. Smith R
Milton Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm,
Strong, Sypher, Terry, Tamer, Tyner, Upson, Van
Trump, Wells, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Williams ol'
Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson
Winchester, Wood, and Young-110.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Banks, Barnum, Bigby,
James G. Blair, Bright, James Brooks, Benjamin
E. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Commgo, Cotton. Crebs, Creely, Crocker, Dox,
Duke, Elliott, Farwell, Charles Poster, Henry 1).
Foster, Wilder D Foster, Frye, Gets, Hawley, Hill,
lierr, limsella, Lamison, Lamport, Leach. Lynch,
McGrew, McKee, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers, Hosea W. Parker,
Pendleton, Piatt, Porter, Price, Ritchie, Robinson,
Rogers, Shellabarger, Shober, Slocum, H. Board-
