4274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
as we have business to do it is our duty to
stay here, and we ought to stay here if neces-
sary until tiie first Monday in December, and
then merge this into the. next session without
ah bout's recess. We were elected Senators
to sit here and work and do our duty. This
liurrj in-? home is not the. duty of a Senator.
Mr. COLE. The Senator interrupted rne,
and of course I may ask the same courtesy
of him. I ask liiua is that his purpose and
desire?
Mr. POMEROY. My purpose is to adjourn
as soon as our public duties are performed, as
soon as every bill on this Calendar has had
one opportunity of being considered, and not
before. Let the Senator remember that.
Mr. COLE. The Senator and I, I believe,
both voted to adjourn next Monday.
^Ir. POMEROY. No, sir; this individual
did not.
Mr. COLE. The Senate so voted by a very
considerable majority.
Mr. POMEROY. I have 110 expectation of
adjourning next Monday.
Mr. COLE. Now the Senator comes out
boldly and says he has no expectation of ad-
journing next Monday. One Senator at last
has had the courage to announce it.
Mr. POMEROY. I have learned that to-day
sitting hero and listening to what the Senator
and others have said.
Mr. COLE. Now we know what the tactics
of the Senator from Kansas mean precisely—
to prevent an adjournment.
Mr. POMEROY. My tactics will be accom-
plished if we can go to the Calendar, if we can
give these bills one opportunity of being con-
hid cred. Those are the tactics of this Senator
irom Kansas—-not. to prolong time on this bill.
1 have lamented the tune we have spent over
this bill. I want to proceed immediately to
business.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I rise to a point of
Order.
The PRESIDING "OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina rises to a point of
order, which he will state.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The point of order 1
make is, that the Senator from Kansas is not
contining himself to the question under con-
sideration.
Mr. l'OMEROY. J should lilso to have
that point dccidi d.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. POMEROY. Now, I move to post-
pone the present and 'all prior orders and
proceed to the consideration of the Calendar
of what we cull unobjected cases; that is, to
take up the Calendar in its order and proceed
to consider and pass those bills to which no
Objection is made.
Mr. STEWART, f object to that.'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot entertain the motion of the Senator
from Kansas as he states it, for the reason
that it changes the rule of the Senate. The
Senatoi Can move to postpone all prior orders
and proceed to the Calendar, if he chooses,
but the motion to proceed to the Calendar and
take up a certain class of cases not objected
to, would be in elfeet a change of the rule,
requiring unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I only announce
that as the reason for going to the Calendar.
"We do not expect to adopt everything on the
Calendar, but to proceed with the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator frcm Kansas moves that the present and
all piior orders be postponed, and the general
orders on the Calendar be proceeded with.
The motion was not agreed lo.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion rec >rs on striking out the sixth section
of the bill.
Mr. STEWART. Before the question is
taken on striking out that section, I move to
amend it by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That voluntary aid, comfort, or assist-
ance to the rebellion atany time before the contract
was terminated by the United States, given by any
contractor at any time during tho period for which
his contract was made, shall be treated as a forfeiture
of the contract, and of alt sums of money unpaid to
him thereon, from and after the time of such aid,
comfort, and assistance given by such contractor.
Mr. COOPER. I move to lay the amend-
ment. on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 10 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Casserly, Cole,
Cooper. Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan. Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill,.Tohnston,
Norwood. Pool, ltansom, Robertson, Saulsbury,
.Sawyer, SpniRue, Stevenson, Thurman, Trumbull,
Vickers, and West—23.
NAYiS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, (Jonkling, Cragin, Edmunds, I'reling-
huy&en, lfurlan, Hitchcock, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Pratt, Sherman, and
Stewart—16.
ABSENT— Messis. Anthony, Bnyard, Brownlow.
Caldwell. Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett,
D.avis ot Kentucky, Fen'on, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, ttilbcrt, Ooldthwaite, Hamlin,
Howe, Ketlogg, Keilv, Lewis, Logan, Moiton, 3Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Ramsey, Rice, Sehurz, Scott,
Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Wilson, Win-
dow, and Wright—35.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following pro-
viso, to be added at the end of section six:
Provided, That no person shall receive compen-
sation under this section fur the time ho was in
actual service in the rebeilion.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not think there is the
slightest objection to that.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me understand the
phraseology. 11 In actual service in the rpbel-
non "—is that right? I suggest to my friend
to say "m the service of any State in insur-
rection or of the so-called confederate States."
Mr. STEWART. I accept that modification.
The PRESIDI NG OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Providtd. That no person shall receive compen-
sation under this section for the time he was in the
aotual service of any State in insurrection oroi' tiio
su-oalled confederate States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FREUNGHUYSliN. After the word
"claims,'' in the third line of the section, I
move to insert the words "legally existing."
It has been stated here that there is a consid-
erable number of these claims and that they
appear by the books of the Department. No
one wants lo pay any claims that are not valid.
Some of the claims that are made do not
appear by the books of the Department, aud
therefore I propose that this appropriation
shall be made to pay " unsettled cLims legally
existing against the Government of the United
States."
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am willing to accept
that.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to understand
one thing. If 1 understand the object of it,
that amendment is well enough ; but might
not that bring in force the statute of limitations?
Mr. HAMIl/fON, of Maryland. The stat-
ute of limitations cannot apply against the
Govern rnent.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, it does. It is in
favor of the Government, and has been for
forty years. Will not the Senator from New
Jersey, instead of "legally existing," say
"valid" claims?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No; I thiuk
the phrase " legally existing" is well enough.
Mr. THURMAN. I think "valid" is just
as good as " legally existing."
Mr. CONKLING. I think the amendment
is right as it is.
Mr. THURMAN. My suggestion is to in-
set t the woid " valid " after the word " pay "
aud before "unsettled;" so as to read, "to
pay valid unsettled claims."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think the
term "legally existing" much better, and
really, ou reflection, I do not see that the
amendment is subject to the criticism the
Senator from Ohio makes; for if we in 1S72
make an appropriation of $250,000 to pay
claims which existed for carrying the mails
previous to 1861, as the act runs, the statute
of limitations certainly could not be insisted
upon against it.
Mr. THURMAN. I am inclined to think
the Senator is right; but I do not want any
doubt about it.
Mr. HILL. . I hope the amendment will not
be adopted, because I cannot see mjself how
it is possible that there shall be any invalid
claims allowed when the claims are for actual
service rendered in carrying the mails of the
United States exclusively. How can there be
any invalid claims of that kind? It is specific
enough. No others can be considered. Any
claim for actual service rendered iti carrying
the mails of the United States that has not
been paid for must be a valid claim ex necessi-
tate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask the Senator
from Georgia a question, with his permission,
on that point. All these mail contracts I
believe provide that if the contractor does not
carry the mail according to a certain schedule
of time, and arrive at the place named on
time, a certain deduction shall be made from
his pay every time he fails. Now, then, you
diiect by this bill, as it stands, that his claim
shall be paid, right or wrong, thick or thin,
if he has performed the service, notwithstand-
ing there may be on the books of the Treas-
ury what lawyers would call a counter claim,
more than enough to eat it up.* If'Seinitors
intend to do that, and I do not know but they
do, they had better try it.
Mr. HILL. I disclaim any such purpose as
that. There is nothing in this section that
relieves the claimant Irom the rules of the
Department which will subject him to those
deductions. He is as much subjected to them
as at any other poiiod of time.
Mr. ROBERTSON. For fear the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New Jersey,
"legally existing," may by means of the stat-
ute of limitations cut out the claimants, I sub-
mit to him whether the word "valid" would
not suit him just as well.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I prefer this
expression. I think it is the proper one.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I move to lay it
on the table.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask my colleague to with-
draw that motion. I do not think there is
the slightest objection to this amendment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw the mo-
tion for a moment.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the motion will
•be withdrawn.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I very much desire that
it should be withdrawn. I think this is a just
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The motion to lay on the
table is withdrawn.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, may we hear the
section reported as it stands ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
again reported.
J-lie Chief Clerk. Thesection, as amended,
now reads:
That thesum of $250,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, is hereby appropriated to pay unset-
tled claims against the Government of the United
States on account of services actually rendered in
carrying the mails of the United States exclusively,
m the States lately in rebellion, previous to the 31st
day of May, A. D. 1801, without proof of loyalty as
prescribed by joint resolution approved March 2,
lo67: J i-ovidea. That no person shall receive com-
pensation under this section for tue time he was in
the actual service of any State in insurrection or of
the so-called confederate {States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask that the Senate
shall put to that the proposition offered by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Alcorx.] or
that the words of the original section be added.
I move that the words stricken from the ori-
ginal bill, to which the Senator from Missis-
sippi and the Senator from South Carolina do
