690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Mr. BANKS. If the House shall pass this
resolution now, will it be competent for the
House to rescind it, if we shall become satis-
fied that it should be rescinded?
Mr. DAWES. It cannot be rescinded, of
course, without the concurrence of the Senate.
Mr. BANKS. Then we must leave it to some
other body to rescind it, if necessary?-
Mr. DAWES. How much time does the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] want?
Mr. KERB. Give me five minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentleman
for five minutes.
Mr. KERB. I do not want to find any
politics in this resolution. On the contrary, I
am willing for the present to admit that it lias
110 politics in it. Personally I am in favor of
the shortest possible sessions of the Congress
of the United States, and I believe that every
gentleman on this side of the House is in favor
of a short session. But we are also in favor,
and this primarily and all the time, of the Con-
gress, before it adjourns, performing those
most important duties of needful legislation
and reform which now especially rest upon it,
and which the people of this country at this
time more than at any other time in the last
ten years cxpect and demand that Congress
shall meet manfully, boldly, and honestly, and
discharge intelligently and effectively, so as to
give substantial and speedy relief to tho suffer-
ing people, and to establish more equal laws,
aud restore civil government all over the land,
and rebuild our prostrate commerce.
We on this side of the House desire that
before this Congress shall adjourn it shall con-
sider and legislate appropriately upon all the
great questions that have lately been agitated
in the country. I believe I can truthfully say
that the popular mind of this country has not
during the past ten years been more clear and
intelligent or more imperative in its demands
upon Congress for reform than it is to-day,
and it will be an unpardonable evasion of duly
on the part of the party responsible for the
action of this House if we adjourn before the
just expectations of the people are fairly and
reasonably met and answered. Why should
we resolve now when we shall adjourn? We
have been iu session but a few weeks. The
committees are only fairly organized. They
have not yet much more than begun earnest,
systematic, and effective work. Numberless
bills have been introduced, and a very few
have been acted upon ; but the great part of
the work of the session remains to be yet
matured and considered. I say, therefore, it
is impossible that wo can at so early a day
wisely and safely fix a limit to the time that
we will or ought to spend in deliberation upon
the business of the country. As the session
wears on, and the great subjects of appropria-
tions, supplies, revision of the tariff, reduction
of taxation, reform of the civil service, aud
others are disposed of, we can then approach
this matter intelligently.
But it is said by gentlemen on the other side
that if we resolve now that on the 20th of
May we will adjourn, and if when that time
arrives the business of the country is not done,
we may rescind that resolution. Mr. Speaker,
I need only to appeal to the observation and
experience of every gentleman in this House to
bear me witness in the assertion that a repeal
under such circumstances would be most dif-
ficult, if, indeed, it were not simply impossible.
All sorts of considerations—partisan, personal,
and political-—would come in to resist and
prevent a repeal and to force an adjournment,
whether the business of the country was done
or not. We ought first to proceed with the
regular business of the session in the most
expeditious manner consistent with proper
deliberation, and when we have thus reached
such a point that we can with certainty see the
end, we may then with propriety resolve that at
some future day we will adjourn. But I know
of no example in the practical experience of
this House when the day of final adjournment
was fixed by Congress more than a few weeks
before the period of actual adjournment had
arrived. I hope this Senate resolution will be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield for a few minutes
to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nap.d.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to a fact to which the older
members will testify, that at no previous
session has the public business been so far
advanced at a corresponding period of the
session as it is now. The almost unexam-
pled—perhaps I might say entirely unexam-
pled—instance of the legislative appropriation
bill passing through this House as it did a few
days ago, almost unchallenged, is an indication
of the easy disposition we are likely to make
of that class of legislation.
This question ot adjournment is not a new
question. I find by the record that two years
ago at an earlier period in the session than
at present—the 19th of January, 1870—Mr.
Stiles, then a Democratic member from Penn-
sylvania, introduced a resolution, which I will
ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative.&o.t That tho President of the Senateand
tho Speaker of tho House of Representatives do
declare their respective Houses adjourned sine die
at twelve o'clock m. on the second Tuesday of April
next."
Mr. MAYNARD. When that resolution was
offered I with some others thought the time pro-
posed too early, and a motion was made to lay
the resolution on the table, but it failed. The
previous question was ordered, and they eas and
nays were taken on the passage of the resolu-
tion. I ask the Clerk to read the names of
those who voted in favor of that resolution to
adjourn on the second Tuesday in April.
Mr. DAWES. The reading of those names
will take a longer time than 1 can spare.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I shall ask to have
the list incorporated in my remarks, simply
calling attention to the fact that among those
voting in the affirmative were the distinguished
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] his
colleague, [Mr. Wood,] my friend from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Kerr,] who has just addressed the
House, and the other gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. IIolmax,] who was so emphatic a few
moments ago against the propriety of an early
adjournment. I append the list of those who
voted for that resolution :
" Yeah —Messrs. Axtell, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Boyd,
Jamo!* Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Crebs, Dickinson, £>ox,
Eldridgo, Gotz, Golluday, Greene, Griswold, Haight,
llaldeman, Hainill, Heaton, Heflin, Hill, Hogc, llol-
man, Thomas S. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
logg. Kerr, ICnott. Lawrence, Marshall, Mayham,
MeCormiek, McCrary, McNeely, Mercur, William
Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Niblaok, Pomeroy, Pot-
ter, Randall, Rc.-idmg, Reeves, Ricc, Rogers, San-
lord, Schumakcr, Porter, Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum,
{Sto-yens, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann, Sweeney,
Tafie, Trimble, Van Aukcn, Van Horn, Voorliees,
Ward. Wells. Wheeler, Wmans, Winchester, Witcher,
Wood, and Woodward/'
Mr. DAWES. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The first question was upon the motion of
Mr. FaknswortiIj to refer the resolution of the
Senate to the Committee of Ways aud Means.
On agreeing to the motion there were—ayes
91, noes 08.
Mr. KILLINGER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the atHrroative—yeas 129, nays 77, not voting
38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Averill, Banks,
Barnum, Beck,Beverid*e, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair,
James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, George M. Brooks
James Brooks, Buckley, Bufiinton, Burchard, Cald-
well, Carroll, Coburn, Coghlan, Comingo, Conner
Cotton. Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossiand, Davis,
Dawes, Donnan, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Dunnell, El-
dridge, Farnsworth, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Forker
Henry D. Foster, Wilder IX Foster, Garfield, Garrett!
Gctz, Golladay, Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Han-
cock, Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Hay,
Hereford, Hibbard, Ilolman, Hooper, Houghton,
Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, King, Kinsella, Lamison,
Leach, Lewis, Lowe,Manson,Marshall,McClelland,
MeHenry, Mclntyro, McKinney, McNeely, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers. Mitchell. Morey, Morgan,
Niblack, Orr, Packard, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C.
Parker, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Potter, Price,
Prindle, Rainey, Head, Edward Y. Riee, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, Rogers, Sargent, Shanks, Shella-
harger, Shober, Slater, Sloss, John A.Smith, Snapp,
Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson, Sutherland, Swann,
Taffe, Terry, Tuthill, Twichell, Tyner, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Warren, Wells,
Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
miah M. Wilson,Winchester, Wood, and Young—129.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Barry, Beatty,
Bell, Bigby, Bingham, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Freeman Clarke, William T.
Clarke, Cobb,Conger, Darrall,Dickey5I)uell,Eames,
Edwards, Charles Foster, Hale, Halsey, George E.
Harris, Havens, Gerry W. Hazleton, John W. Hazle-
ton, Hill, Iloar, Kelley, Kellogg, Killinger, Lam-
port, Lansing, Lynch, Maynard, McCormick, Mc-
Grew, McJunkin, McKee, Mercur, Merriam, Mon-
roe, Leonard Myers, Negley, Packer, Palmer, Peek,
Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Poland, Porter, Ellis
H. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shoe-
maker, Worthington C. Smith, Thomas J. Speer,
Starkweather, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, Sypher,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner. Upson,
Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Wails,
Wheeler, Whiteley, and John T. Wilson—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Campbell, Creely, DeLarge, Elliott, Ely, Frye,
Hambleton, Harmer, Hawley, Hays, Herndon, Mc-
Crary, Moore, Morphis, Piatt, Randall, William R.
Roberts. Robinson, Roosevelt, Scofield,- Sheldon,
Sherwood, Slocum, II. Boardman Smith, Snyder,
R. Milton Speer, Storm, St. John, Dwight Town-
send, and Williams of New York—33.
So the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
During the vote,
Mr. McCLELLAND stated that his col-
league, Mr. Randall, who was absent, was
paired on all questions with his other colleague,
Mr. Harmer.
So the vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW STATE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. GETZ. I move to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of introducing the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds be instructed to investigate the
work done on the new State Department in this
city, under the direction of Mr. A. B. Mullett, super-
vising architect of tho Treasury, and report to
this House why a stone familiarly known as Sen-
eca sandstone, was used in the foundation walls, in-
stead of granite, as ordered by the joint Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds of the Senate and
House. Also, by whose authority the change was
made; and whether the work is being done in a
proper and substantial manner ; whether it is true
that the frost has seriously damaged the Seneca
sandstone already used in tho foundation walls;
and that the committee be authorized to send for
persons and papers, and to take testimony on all
questions relating to contracts for stone, and the
work so far as it has progressed.
Mr. MAYNABD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the House should now
adjourn, how long will it be before this ques-
tion again comes up for action ?
The SPEAKER. It will be the first thing
in order at the close of the morning hour on
next Monday.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Isuppose, then, that the
motion to adjourn was made to prevent the
House passing this resolution.
Mr. POTTER. Yes, let us have it now.
Ihe House divided; aad there were—ayes
101, noes 5.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
adopted.
CLAIMS REPORT.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which, under
the law, went to the Committee on Printing:
-Me3°lved, That fivp thousand extra copies of House
Micellaneous Document No. 16 (the report of the
commission of claims) be printed for the use of the
House.
