1872,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
e§9
42d Coxa....2d Sess,
Woman Suffrage—Mr. Archer.
Ho. of Rkps.
and go forth to the bloody field conquering
and to conquer. Let us have modern Semir-
amises and Zenobias. Let her, if she go
elect, imitate (hat Amazon queen Penthegilea,
who, wi:h more valor than discretion, essayed
to cope in mortal strife with the terrible
Achilles under the walla of Troy, and paid the
forfeit of her life.
But these women have no notion of going to
war. Not they! If they are explicit on any
point,, they are on that. There, at least, they
do not wish to be misunderstood. They say
over and over again that the good Lord has
in his infinite wudom (and mercy they might
well add) so constituted them that they are
wholly tinfit for the hardships and perils of
horrid war. Oh, no, not that ; anything but
that. They will send forth (and will do it
cheerfully,) their fathers and husbands and
sons, when danger threatens the dear country,
but themselves will stay at home and vote, and
manage the entire governmental machinery.
And here would, indeed, be presented an
anomaly in government. Not only would those
who had -charge of the affairs of the nation be
wholly unrt-prt sented in the army gent forth
to defend that nation, but it would likewise be
to the eternal interest of those governing,
since they would have no dangers to encounter,
to bring on a war whenever they Wished to get
into power; and,'worse still, it would be to
their interest to keep that warup until enough
men were killed to enable them to carry all
the elections, and so continue in power.
As tor any scruples such women might be
supposed to have about acting in this atrocious
manner, I hope I have already conclusively
shown that whenever she shall have fairly en-
tered the field of politics such scruples would
be given to the winds whenever the alterna-
tive should present of a choice between her
interests and those of her so-called husband,
father, or brother; for under this flew regime
there would virtually be no such relationship ;
the once precious family ties will then have
been dissevered ; there will be no husband,
but a ''free-lover;" 110 father that could be
claimed as such with any certainty, while
brother and son would be almost as strangers.
Moreover, it is a well-known fact that even
now when a nation becomes involved in war
the women are the last to give up, although it
rends their very heart-strings to lose those dear
to them. But under the condition of things
of which I have just spoken the naton which
should go to war with women swaying the
councils and men alone in the field, where
would be the end of bloodshed? It would be
the Kilkenny cats tragedy acted o\'6r again.
Now, although I have never heard the sex of
those famous cats explicitly and authorita-
tively stated in any official report of the battle,
yet the universal opinion has gone abroad that
they were male cats; and it is my firm con-
viction that they would never have fought that
terrible battle—ending, as we all know, in two
pitiful tails—had not the female cats been in-
citing them on.
'1 here is an instance in our own history to
■which these women often point with a triumph-
ant air as a precedent for extending suffrage
to their sex. This 1 will accept as a fact quite
as willingly as I do Plato's plan for enlarging
woman's sphere, and on the same terms; that
is, provided none of the circumstances or sur-
roundings of the case he suppressed, and pro-
vided alio we may be allowed fo profit by the
unmistakable lesson which is taught by the
final result. '1 he instance to which I allude
is the extension of suffrage to the women in
New Jersey in the year 1790. Thiii privilege
remained with them from that time utrtill807.
'1 tie newly enfranchised, however, voted on but
three occasions duiing that period. How inauy
on the first two of these occasions availed
themselves of the hitherto masculine preroga-
tive does not, so far aa I can learn, appear
outside the unpublished records. The last
occasion, however, was too memorable a one
not to be transmitted to us in all its novel par-
ticulars j and it is as instructive as memor-
able. In the last-named year a vote of the
people of Essex county was taken on the ques-
tion of erecting a new court-house and jail.
Whether or not all the women turned out may
be judged of by the fact that the female vote
cast exceeded alone the whole lawful vote of
both sexes in the county. The men. if we may
judge by the sequel, were very much alarmed
as well as disgusted; for the cowardly and
ungracious monsters enacted a bill at the very
next session of the Legislature restricting the
right of suffrage forever thereafter to " free
white male citizens." and the New Jersey
women kept mum on the sore subject of poli-
tics henceforth for half a century. While the
strong-minded of the present day frequently
cite the above instance of the enfranchisement
of their sex, with the view of influencing pub-
lic opinion in their favor, they always fail to
add that the right was abrogated by reason of
the disgraceful conduct o( those on whom it
had been conferred.
Now, if women could virtually stuff ballot-
boxes in deciding such a trivial question as the
building of a jail or court-house, aud that, too,
right at the beginning of the movement, when it
i3 fairly presumable they were on their best be-
havior, as every one promoted to a new and un-
tried situation is, or ought to be, the question
arises, what infamous practices would they not
be capable of when momentous issues were at
stake, and when after a little while their mod-
esty should have been entirely and hopelessly
deflowered by being jostled throughout long and
bitter campaigns, by the hard-fisted " roughs,"
and the unscrupulous and veteran tricksters
whom they must needs encounter at every
turn, and from whom they would soon take
lessons in the exquisite art of low intrigues aud
bare-faced bribery?
I have no hope that anything I can say
touching the miseries which this proposed in-
novation would bring upon the country will
have any influence whatever with the inno-
vators themselves. And this for the simple
reason that I believe that provided they can
get a foothold upon the hustings they care not
to what condition it may bring the country.
Everything else must bend to this one selfish
objection which they have so hotly set their
hearts. Therefore, but little of what I have
said has been spoken with a view to deter them
from their course. My words have been ad-
dressed to the rational and patriotic, and of
these they are not. But although appeals to
their reason and their patriotism are vain, it
may be that a brief portrayal of their own and
their posterity's inevitable sufferings in such
a state of things as they propose to bring about
may possibly have some effect on their con-
duct; for 1 cannot think that these women are
yet so far dehumanized as to be utterly indiffer-
ent to the miseries of their posterity.
1 will grant that even after things shall have
been brought to the. sad pass which I have
endeavored to depict these women, consti-
tuted as they are, may feel—at least, so long
as their health holds out under the tremendous
strain—a sort of brutal pleasure in the revolt-
ing pursuits particularized a litile while back.
1 will grant that after their consciences have
been seared, aud their souls extinguished
within them, the unhallowed fires of lust that
must ever follow in the train of " tree luve'!
may yet burn with a glow somewhat more
agreeable than hell-fire. I will grant tnat the
intense excitement of the gambling den, the
wrangling contentions of the canvass and the
hustings, may lend their minds a sort of wild ;
diversion akin to the joy of fiends; that the ;
low debauch of the groggery, with its storm |
of blasphemous brawling, and ending in b1oo$,
as long as the apparition of snakes and devils
can be kept aloof, may be yet a brief mad-
ness that is not all misery. But I would
warn them that their present career, if not
checked, must inevitably entail sufferings and
wrongs before which possibly those may quail
who shrink not from the other pictnre. It
mast lead to a condition identical to that
age of human brutishness, somewhere be-
tween the fall of man and the first redawn-
ing of humanity in bis breast, when he was a
mere animal, the king of beasts, to be sure,
but, like some of his modern counterparts,
none the less a beast for all his royalty ; when
he had his lair in caves, or beneath sheltering
boughs, or wandered about tbeprimeva! woods
and thickets subsisting precariously on such
other wild animals as he could ensnare, or on
nature's fruits and herbs; when his dress waa
the fig-leaf, or at mast a hairy skin girded
about his loins; when marriage was not, nor
courtship; when "free love" was in the first
flush of its glory, in all its natural simplicity,
without any of the modem refinements to
trick it off and conceal the rottenness within
by giving its exterior a goodly seeming; when
man instead of marrying woman waylaid her,
chased her, captured her, and kept her just so
long as he felt inclined, making her his drudge
the while, and most likely, as is too often the
practice of the "free-love" men even of the
present day, as soon as she became a mother
left her with her helpless offspring to shift for
herself as best she might, returning to her, it
may be, after a season, bat only to make her
again his drudge and again a mother, and so
on throughout her whole long, miserable life.
It is a dark pictnre, but it is what was once
and what may be again.
Let deluded woman beware, then, how she
comes down from that lofty pedestal which she
now occupies, how she casts off the almost
celestial garments in which her weakness and
her virtue, the only sure guarantees of bis love
and protection, have clothed her in the eyes
of man. Let her beware how she comes down
from that proud position, and, standing on the
same level with man in all things, challenges
him to a contest for supremacy. As a mere
animal he is the stronger, and in such a strug-
gle as that she must go to the wall. She can
rule him now and do with him evenas she will,
always with the proviso that she keep within
that sphere to which revelation and Iter own
nature assign her. Let her reflect that man
when in that primitive state to which her re-
bellion from this sphere will bring them both
again becomes not only an animal but a sav-
age animal. Let her contemplate the inde-
scribably wretched condition of the Comanche
squaw. She is not a street-sweeper only be-
cause the red man, her master, has no streets to
sweep ; she is nota hod carrier, because in the
wilderness there are no houses to be built. Yet,
compared with the drudgery of poor ilrs. Lo, a
long life of hod-carrying and street-sweeping
would be light indeed. Let our strong-minded
ones look at these things even from the narrow
stand-point of personal interest, aud it is not
quite impossible they may pause in their ui>id
career. I tie woman suffragejoarnals have lately
been very severe, though none too much so. ou
a Chicago man, very appropriately named Sav-
age, who advertises'that he will pay anybody
SiOO for the return of his wife who had ab-
sconded. But how can they consistently con-
demn this miserable Savage's advertisement
when they themselves are atriviug with all their
might and main to bring about a state ol things
during which, if there should be any advertise-
ments at all, a man offering a reward for his ab-
sconding—wife 1 was going to say, but 1 will not
profane the hallowed word—forbU absconding
eohabitor, would add to the above cool, busi-
ness-like advertisement those dreadful words,
