1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1587
county, Ohio, praying Congress to pass impar-
tial pension laws for the benefit of the officers
and soldiers, and especially the militia, who
served any time whatever in the war of 1812
against Great Britain.
By Mr. PARKER, of Missouri: The re-
monstrance of the North Missouri Bee-Keep-
ers' Association, against the renewal of Long-
stroth's patent bee-hive.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of C. W. Evers,
editor and proprietor of the Wood County Sen-
tinel, to place type on the free list.
By Mr. RICE, of Illinois: The petition of
John 6. Smith and 38 others, on behalf of
Joseph Rutherford, of Macoupin county, Illi-
nois, a survivor of the war of 1812, and who
sent to the late war for the Union nine sons
and four sons-in-law.
By Mr. RICE, of Kentucky: The petition
of John Patton, late lieutenant company C,
twenty-second Kentucky volunteer infantry,
asking pay as first lieutenant of twenty-second
Kentucky volunteers from July 14, 1804, to
January 20, 1865.
By Mr. ROGERS : The memorial of Brid-
get Lee, widow of John Lee, a revolutionary
Boldier, asking arrearages of pension.
By Mr. SHOEMAKER: The petition of
David Wolf Bruce and James Lindsay, praying
that the duty on printing type may not be
repealed.
Also, the petition of Robert Bauer, and
Adams & Ayerman, praying that printing type
may be placed on the free list.
Also, the petition of C. H. Scott and others,
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking bounties and
land warrants to soldiers of the wars of 1812
and 1861.
By Mr. WALDEN: The petition of M. B.
C. True and 48 others, citizens of Tama county,
Iowa, in opposition to any reduction of duties
on articles manufactured in this country, and
favoring the repeal of duties on tea and coffee.
By Mr. WALDRON: The protest of the
Saginaw Valley Lumbermen's Association
against the Chicago relief bill.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
Elizabeth Saylor, widow of Jacob Saylor, de-
ceased, who was a soldier of the war of 1812,
praying for a pension.
post route bills introduced.
The following were introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: A bill to estab-
lish a post route from Cameron, Milam county,
to Giddings, Washington county, Texas.
By Mr. DONNAN: A bill to establish a
post route from Jacksonville, Iowa, via Pond
Valley, to Cresco, in same State.
By Mr. ROOSEVELT: A bill to establish
certain post routes across the East and North
rivers, in the State of New York.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 12, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. S. M. Hartsock, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Minnesota, asking an ap-
propriation for the construction of a ship-canal
around the falls of Niagara on the American
side ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He'also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, asking that the act of
Congress of July 15, 1870, granting soldiers
of the late war the right to select homesteads
of one hundred and sixty acres, shall be so
amended as to extend the privileges of that
act to volunteers who had prior to the passage
of the same availed themselves of the provis-
ions of the acts of 1862 and 1864, by taking
eighty acres of land, and who are now excluded
from the benefits of the act of July 15, 1870,
by the ruling that in consequence of the former
filing they have exhausted their homestead
right; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of
Albert Towle, praying for relief on account
of a robbery of the post office at Beatrice,
Nebraska; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the passage of a law taxing distilleries accord-
ing to their actual capacity, such capacity to
be ascertained by practical men; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. VICKERS presented the memorial of
Fielder R. Dorsett, sr., and Elizabeth M.
Fiere, heirs of William Dorsett, deceased, of
Prince George county, Maryland, praying
indemnification for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of L. A.
Delirne praying for a modification of the tax
on spirits obtained by the fermentation of
grain; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Virginia in favor of the
restoration of the quota of arms to which that
State is entitled ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of West V irginia, presented
additional papers relating to the claim of
Charity Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons,
No. Ill, Harper's Ferry, West Virginia, for
rent of their building used by the Govern-
ment; which was referx-ed to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Eli
S. Shorter, of Alabama, praying the removal
of his political disabilities ; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of the guard-
ian of Mary Ann McKeever, praying that she
be allowed a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Nancy E.
Amnions, praying for bounty and backpay of
her late husband, Ephraim G. Ammons, third
regiment North Carolina infantry ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of shoe manu-
facturers of Hudson and Marlboro, Massa-
chusetts, protesting against the reissue of a
patent for making and selling copper and
silver shoe-tips ; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. FENTON presented the memorial of
Samuel Gardiner, jr., of the city of New York,
protesting against the passage of the bill (S.
No. 756) making an appropriation of $2,500
to test, on some of the lamps on the public
grounds in Washington, a certain invention for
lighting and extinguishing gas in street lamps
by electricity; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented two
memorials of citizens of Michigan, protesting
against the passage of the Chicago relief bill;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
E. M. Dennison, praying for an increase of
compensation as crier of court in the District
of Columbia from April, 1863, to December,
1865; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petitiou of
Judith Williams, widow of Eli Williams, of
Cumberland county, Kentucky, a soldier of
the war of 1812, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. MORTON. I present a petition which
is signed by more than three thousand soldiers
of Indiana. The number of signatures jus-
tifies me perhaps, in stating the points of the
petition :
We, the undersigned, surviving soldiers of the
late war, for ourselves, anil widows and heirs of
deceased comrades ask your honorable body
To amend the homestead law so as to change the
said law to be without settlement, and to issue to
every honorably discharged soldier of the Union
Army a land warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres of Government lands, to be located or disposed
of tor our use and benefit. *
2. To pension all surviving soldiers and widows of
soldiers of the war of 1812.
3. To amend the pension law so that every disabled
soldier will draw pension from date of wounds.
4. To equalize ail bounties so that each soldier
shall receive S8 33} per month's service in the Union
Army.
5. To establish a bureau similar to the labor
bureau for the interest and protection of soldiers.
I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 696) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at Booneville, Missouri, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Finance, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1762) to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
allow the printing of impressions of currency
notes and bonds, &c., for the use of Heath
& Co.'s counterfeit detector, to report it back
with a unanimous recommendation that the
bill be indefinitely postponed. It was the
practice under a former administration of
the Treasuiy Department to allow this to be
done at the Treasury Department, but under
the present administration it has not been
allowed. It appears to the Committee that
it would be wrong for the Government to go
into any sort of business or partnership, by
contract or otherwise, with any parties in
relation to the publishing or printing of these
impressions of the plates of notes and bonds ;
that it would be wrong to wear out the plates
for any such purpose; and that it would be
wrong to give this company a prestige and
rank over all other publishers of counterfeit
detectors throughout the country, which we
should do unless every counterfeit detector
should be allowed to have the same privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
The bill is indefinitely postponed.
Mr. AMES. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 322) to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the owners the proceeds of certain cotton
seized in violation of instructions from the
Treasury Department, have instructed me to
report it back and recommend that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Should the bill pass in its present form large
sums of money would be taken from the Treas-
ury, and as important legal questions are in-
volved this new reference is recommended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Committee on Finance will be
discharged from the further consideration of
the bill, and it will-be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it ought to be
referred to the Committee on Claims. In the
absence of the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, 1 will state for that committee that we
had a similar bill before us, I think, the other
day, and it appeared to us thatit was strictly a
claim. Although this bill may involve legal
questions, the Committee on Claims always
consider legal questions relating to claims. I
think, therefore, it ought to go where the other
bill went which we decided to refer to that
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to amend the motion by strik-
