1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2483
man Smith.Worthmgton C. Smith, Thomas J.Speer,
Starkweather, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Swann,
iuomas, Tuthill, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wake man.
Wallace, Walls, Warren, and Willard—68.
So the motion to recede was not agreed to.
During the rolf-call, the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. SHOBER. On this question I am
paired with my colleague, Mr. Cobb, who, if
present, would vote "ay," while I should
vote " no."
Mr. LEACH. I am paired on all questions
arising upon this bill with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, Mr. B. P. Meyers. If
he were present, he would upon this call vote
"no," and I should vote "ay."
Mr. GETZ. On questions connected with
this bill I am paired with the gentleman from
Virginia, Mr. Platt, who, if present, would
vote " ay," while I should vote " no."
Mr. KERR. On this subject I am paired
with the gentleman from Maryland, Mr.
Ritchie, who, if here, would vote " ay,"
and I should vote "no."
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire. I de-
sire to state that I am paired upon this bill
with the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr.
Mitchell. If he were present he would vote
"ay," and I should vote " no."
Mr. FAR WELL. I am paired upon this
question with my colleague, Mr. Crebs, who,
if present, would vote "no," while I should
vole "ay."
Mr. SUTHERLAND. On this bill I am
paired with the gentleman from Tennessee,
Mr. Vaughan. If he were present he would
vote " no," and I should vote "ay."
Mr. WAKE MAN. I am paired upon this
question with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, Mr. Banks, who, if present, would vote
"ay," while 1 should vote "no."
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. At the request of
the gentleman from Connecticut, Mr. Stark-
weather, I have agreed to pair with him on
this question. If he were present he would
vote "ay," and T should vote "no."
Mr. MONROE. On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, Mr. Thomas, who has been called home
by sickness in his family. If he were here he
would vote "ay," and I should vote "no."
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I wish to state
that I am paired upon this question with the
gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Crocker,
who, if he were here, would vote " ay," while
I should vote " no."
Mr. LAMPORT. Upon this question I am
paired with the gentleman from Illinois, Mr.
Hawley. If he were present he would vote
"no," and I should vote '"ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holjian,] that the House adhere.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What becomes of
the motion to insist?
The SPEAKER. That has been withdrawn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it in order to
move 
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
operating.
Mr. KETCHAM. I hope this matter will
be settled now.
Mr. RUSK. I hope that the House will vote
down the motion to adhere, and agree to
another conference.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is high time the
matter should be settled.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. IIolman ; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 110, nays 54, not voting 76; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Barry, Beatty, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Braxtpn,
Bright, Bufflnton, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick
K Butler. Carroll, WilliamX. Clark, Coburn. Cogh-
la'n Conner, Cox, Criteher, Crossland, Darrall,
Dickey, Dox, Duell, Finkelnburg, 1'orker, Garrett,
Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman. Halsey, Hambleton,
Ilaiidley, Hamer, George E. Harris, John T.Harris,
Ilavens, Hay, Hays, John W. Hazelton, Hereford,
Herndon, Hibbard, Holma.n. Kelley, Kellogg, Ken-
dall, Ketcham, Killinger, King, Lamison, Lewis,
Manson, McClelland, McCrary, MeHenry, Mclntyre,
McJunkin, McKinney, McNeely, Mercur, Merriain,
Merrick, Morgan,Morphis, Negley,Packard, Packer,
Isaac C. Parker, Aaron I' . Perry, Potter, Prindle,
Rainey, Randall. Read, 1^1 ward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, Ellis H.Roberts, William R, Roberts, Seeley,
Sessions, Shanks, Shoemaker, John A. Smith, R.
Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stevens,
Stephenson, Storm, Strong, Sypher, Terry, Turner,
Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Wells, Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, Wiihams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
JohnT. Wilson. Winchester, Wood, and Young—110.
NAY'S—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber, Beck, Bev-
eridge, Austin Blair, Boles, George M. Brooks, Co-
mingo, Conger, Cotton, Dawes, De Large, Donnan,
Du Bose, Duke, Dunnell, Eldredge, Farnsworth,
Wilder 1). Foster, Frye, Goodrich, Ilancock, Harper,
Gerry W. Hazelton, Hooper, Houghton, Lansing,
Maynard, McCormick, Moore, Orr, Palmer. Perce,
Eli Perry, Poland, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scoield,
Sheldon, Sherwood, Slater, Sloss, Snapp, Stoughton,
Taffe, Washington Townsend, Twichell, Waddell,
Walden, Waldron, Wallace, and Williams of New
York—54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barnum, Bigby,
Bingham, James G. Blair, James Brooks, Buckley,
Benjamin F. Butler. Caldwell, Campbell, Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Crebs, Creely, Crocker, Davis, Eames,
Elliott, Ely, Farwell,Charles Foster, HenryD.Foster,
Garfield, Getz, Hale, Hanks, Ilawley, Hill, Hoar,
Kerr, Kmsella, Lamport, Loach, Lowe, Lynch, Mar-
shall, McGrew, McKee, BenjaminF.Myers, Mitchell,
Monroe, Morey, Leonard Meyers, Niblack, Hosea
W. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Peters, Platt, Porter,
Price, Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers, Itoosevelt, Shel-
labarger, Shober, Slocum, H. Boardman Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Starkweather, Stow-
ell, St. John, Sutherland, Swann, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Tuthill, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wakeman,
Walls, Warren, Wheeler, and Willard—76.
So the House adhered to its amendment.
During the vote,
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire, stated
that he was paired with Mr. Mitchell, of
Wisconsin, who would vote against adhering
to the amendment, while he would vote for it.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I am paired
with Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, on this vote. It
is a mere formal pair, for if he were here he
would vote "ay," and if I voted I would also
vote in the affirmative.
Mr. GETZ stated that he was paired with
Mr. Platt, of Virginia, who would vote in the
negative, while he would vote in the affirmative.
Sir. FOSTER, of Ohio, stated that he was
paired with Mr. Starkweather, who would
vote in the negative, while he would vole in
the affirmative.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, stated that he
was paired with Mr. Crocker, of Massachu-
setts, who was in favor of the bill.
Mr. WAKEMAN stated that he was paired
with Mr. Banks, of Massachusetts.
Mr. SAWYER stated that Mr. McGrew,
who was against the Senate bill, was paired
with Mr. Tuthill, who was for the Senate
bill.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House adhered to its amend-
ment,; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is there any chance for
another funeral of this bill? [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman wants
an answer I will tell him 
The SPEAKER. This debate is all out of
order.
Mr. DICKEY. In view of the fact that
arrangements have to be made for the Morse
memorial services this evening, I shall move
that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will with-
hold his motion for the present.
leave op absence.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, was, by unan-
imous consent, granted leave of absence for
four days.
Mr. TUTHILL was, by unanimous consent,
granted leave of absence for ten days.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS was, by unanimous
consent, granted leave of absence for ten days.
Mr. STOWELL was, by unanimous con-
sent, granted leave of absence for two days.
Mr. VAUGHAN was, by .unanimous cons
sent, granted leave of absence for ten days.
Mr. RAINEY was, by unanimous consent,
granted leave ot absence for two days.
thosias connolly.
On motion of Mr. WELLS, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Thomas Connolly.
indiana contested election.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio, gave notice that he
would call up the report from the Committee
of Elections on the Indiana contested-election
case of Gooding against Wilson on Thursday
next, at one o'clock.
g. w. torllenoe.
On motion of Mr. LAMPORT, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the ease of G. W. Torrence.
david hopkins.
On motion of Mr. WILLARD, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of David Hopkins.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled hills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same :
An act (H. R. No. 578) to extend the time
for the completion of the military road from
Fort Wilkius, at Copper Harbor, in the
State of Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green
Bay, in the State of Wisconsin ;
An act (H. R. No. 1228) for the relief of R.
Nelson Gere; and
An act (H. R. No. 1862) authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to make certain
negotiations with the Ute Indians in Colo-
rado.
And then, on motion of Mr. DICKEY, (at
three o'clock and five minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, ktc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ACKER: The memorial of citizens
of Barren Hill, Pennsylvania, engaged in the
manufacture of earthenware, stoneware, &c.,
remonstrating against the proposed reduction
of the duty on these articles, &c.
By Mr, ARCHER: The petition of J. R.
Trimble, trustee, for relief.
By Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania : The peti-
tion of 23 soldiers of Barre Forge, Pennsyl-
vania, for the passage of an act granting to
each soldier a bounty of $8 83J per month for
the time he served, deducting what has been
paid; also, for a law to enter one hundred
and sixty acres of Government land without
settlement and cultivation.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 17, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D., Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives.^
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
mail contracts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before present-
ing bills for reference, the Chair will state thot
there is a vacancy on a conference committee
appointed yesterday on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R- No. 1930)
relating to proposals and contracts for trans-
portation of the mails, and for other purposes.
How shall that vacancy be filled ?
Mr. RAMSEY. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made, and the
