1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3379
here on the floor. But I desire that the pen-
sion bill reported from my committee shall be
considered and acted upon. An evening was
' assigned for its consideration last week, but
the House saw fit to adjourn, and I should like
very much 'that this evening be granted for its
consideration. I think we can finish it up this
evening. I move that this evening be assigned
for the consideration of the pension bill.
The motion was agreed-to; and it was so
. ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that in all the assignments made for evening
sessions the business which is pending at the
close of such a session, unless the previous
question has been seconded on it, does not go
over as unfinished business.
BUSINESS OF TUB JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew my motion that
to-morrow evening and the following evening
be assigned to receiving reports from the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] also desires that an
evening shall be assigned for reports from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Ketcham] has a
similar request to make on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The question is on agreeing to the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
that to-morrow evening and the following
evening be assigned to reports from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
97, noes 25.
So the motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
Mr. BANKS. I move that Monday evening
and Tuesday eveniugof next week be assigned
to reports from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and it was so
ordered.
COMMITTEE ON THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. KETCHAM. I ask that the evenings
of Thursday and Friday of next week be
assigned for the consideration of reports from
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. COX. I think we are running it rather
strong, I object to so many assignments of
evening sessions.
Mr. DAWES. I think we should not make
so many assignments for next week. No one
can tell what contingencies may be upon us
then. What are the latest evenings which
have been assigned now?
The SPEAKER. Monday and Tuesday eve-
nings of next week.
Mr. DAWES. Why cannot the gentleman
from New York [Mr. ICetcham] ask for the
assignment of some time this week? I would
suggest to him that he ask for Thursday and
Friday evenings of this week. No one can tell
what the contingencies of next week may be.
Mr. COX. 1 must object to that.
Mr. KETCHAM. Then I will ask that the
evenings of Thursday and Friday of this week
be set apart for the business of the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Allow me to make
a suggestion. If the Committee of Ways and
Means and the Committee on Appropriations
expect to get through their bills they had bet-
ter not be devoting all the remaining evenings
of, the session to the business of other com-
mittees.
Mr. DAWES. Let me say, in reply to the
gentleman, that the effort is to relieve the House
so that the business of the Committees of Ways
and Means and Appropriations can be attended
to. I think myself the House will work with
ftiore content, if that is a pioper expression to
app!y to it, if it can get off other business at
these evening sessions.
The question was taken on Mr. Ketcham's
motion; and there were—ayes 88, noes 36.
So the evenings of Thursday and Friday
next, were set apart for business from the
Committee on the Public Lands.
TARIFF.
Mr. BEATTY. I desire to offer a reso-
lution.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
resolution, and"read as follows:
Resolved, That when the House shall a train resume
the consideration in Committee of the Whole of the
Dili to reduce the duties on imports 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman that when a motion is made
to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union the gentleman's resolution
will then be in qrder and cannot be cut off,
and it would require then only a majority vote,
whereas now it requires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. BEATTY. Very well, then, I will with-
draw my motion.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
■^r- VOORHEES. I ask the Clerk to read
a paragraph in a newspaper which 1 have sent
up to him, and I shall not occupy the attention
of the House more than twenty minutes.
No objection was made.
The Clerk read the marked paragraph, as
follows:
'Hon. D. TP. Voorhees.—Various rumors in re-
gard to the political attitude of lion. D. \V. Voon-
heus are greatly exercising theuuterrifiod Democ-
racy of Indiana, whose chief bpokesuian ho has
lone been. It is said that he was willing so far to
waive his strict party allegiance as to accept Judge
Davis at the hands of theUincinnati convention had
they presented him. But as to Gi-celey, he halts and
hesitaies. His Democratic colleagues are all said to
lavor Greeley, and Mr. Voomieks is likely to lose
favor in the district where his voice has long been
so potential."
Mr. VOORIIEES. Mr. Speaker, the cir-
cumstances by which we are surrounded must
be my apology for the request 1 make. I fully
appreciate the delicacy of my position, and 1
assure the House that I speak for nobody but
myself. I do not assume to speak for the
Democratic party. I do not claim to be the
spokesman of the Democracy of my State any
more than any of my Democratic colleagues
on this floor. If this article had been the
only one I have been favored with on the same
subject, perhaps 1 should not have noticed it
at all. I do not, however, acquiesce in the
opinion prevailing in some quarters, that
because I am a member of Congress my inouth
must be closed and a position may be assigned
to me which I do not occupy.
I was a member of this House when there
were not more than fifteen who voted and
spoke for the principles and organization of
the Democratic party. I did not halt or hesi-
tate then. Had I ever been templed to aban-
don the principles of my political life, how-
ever short or humble it may have been, then
would have been ihe time, and not now. I
did not halt or hesitate then, nor do I at this
hour. My political career has been one of
conviction. It may have been wrong and full
of error; possibly it has been. But the best
evidence of my sincerity is that I have abided
by my convictions under all circumstances.
I shall do so now.
So far as the nomination recently made at
Cincinnati is concerned, it is entitled to the
support of those gentlemen who believe in the
principles it has so long represented. Who-
ever is for a high protective tariff oppressing
the labor of the country 
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. My point
of order is that the gentleman's remarks are
not in the line of a personal explanation.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will now leave the
point that affects the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Speer.] I do not speak for
him, and do not seek to represent his views.
But I am not beyond the u3ual custom upon
this floor in giving the reasons that actuate me
in the line of conduct for which I have been
criticised in the public press.
Am I expected to support Mr. Greeley be-
cause he has been a life-long champion of a
doctrine that I have always opposed ? Ami
expected to sustain him, votinghere as a west-
ern man, representing a western laboring con-
stituency ground down by a high protective '
tariff? Am I expected to support him for that
reason on behalf of a constituency that has
honored me long and lovingly with a seat iu
this House? Am I expected to support him
because he was the loudest and harshest ad-
vocate in all the land of the present Ku Klux
law that ravages and desolates the homes of
the southern people?
Possibly I have some right to speak as a
friend of the South; I avow myself such
friend. If bis nomination promised relief to
that blasted and downtrodden section, there
is not much that I would not do or forbear to
do to subserve so holy and benign a purpose.
But. when I see him the earnest advocate of
legislation which has paralyzed and prostrated
the South, is that a reason for my support?
I am told that this Administration has been
cruel to the South. Sir, it has simply executed
the laws which the Cincinnati nominee asked
this Congress to enact. That is the simple
difference between them. The one is an ex-
ecutive officer, bound by his oath to execute
the laws of his country. He has merely
executed bad laws which another man, who
had no oath on his conscience, demanded.
Am I expected to support this man because
within a recent, date he demanded a still fur-
ther extension of that law in point of time,
empowering the President to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus1 Am I expected to support
him because he was the earnest and urgent
advocate of the present force, bayonet elec-
tion law, that subjects every voting precinct of
over tweniy thousand people in the United
States to Federal supervision, and in certain
contingencies to the control of the military?
Am 1 expected to support him because two
years ago this very month he clamored and
raged in favor of a law of Congress placing
the local elections of the State of New York
under Federal jurisdiction and Federal con-
trol, and under certain circumstances also
under military control, under the control of
Federal arms? Is such a man fit to receive
my vote for President of the United States?
Js he a proper person to fill that high place?
Is his the voice of statesmanship called for in
this great and perilous hour? Is this the
reform that is promised? Has this ticket
been nominated as a reform ticket?
And going back over the issues that divide
tne from him as deep as the gulf of old, going
back to the past, I call the attention of this
House and of the country to his position upon
another great and vital question. Am I to go
before the country, the Union sentiment of
the country, and appeal to it for the man who
stands recorded without revocation in favor
of the "inalienable right"—I use his own
words—of a State or a community to dissolve
this Union ?
Am I called upon to vote for a man who,
commencing on the 9th of November, 1800,
and continuing during that entire fall and
winter, wrote with all his acknowledged power
in favor of the inalienable right of any dis-
satisfied portion of this country to break it up
and form another Government for themselves?
He said the South had no cause of com-
plaint; that they had not been oppressed by
the Federal Government; but still he claimed
that the declaration of American independ-
ence gave thera the inalienable right to set up
for themselves whenever they desired to do so ;
and what was the inalienable right, of any one,
no one, he said, had the right, to oppose. His
logic on this point at least was true.
Has he recanted those opinions? On the
10 th day of April, 1864, when war had wasted
