1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4275
not object, be added. They were stricken oat
without understanding them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thepending
amendment, is the amendment moved by the
Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed that was
adopted.
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
yet been noted upon. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr SHERMAN. Now [ move to add the
proviso that is in the original bill:
And provided further, That before any payment
shall be mnde under this section satisfactory evi-
dence shall be furnished that no compensation has
been received from auy source for such service.
Mr. THURMAN. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to renew a portion of
an amendment which I previously offered:
That no contractors, whether a natural person or
o corporation, shall receive compensation und^r
thissection who, at the termination of their contract,
by the act of the United States or by their own act,
voluntarily delivered the mail-bags or other prop-
erty of the United States in their possession to the
confederate States, or to any agent or officer thereof.
In the course of the debate it has frequently
been asserted that this is s'mply denying pay
for services properly and honestly rendered. I
wish t.o assimilate it to the ease which I put
to the Senator from Delaware, and that is
where a servant during the time of his employ-
ment commits a larceny of the property of his
employer, the law absolves the employer from
payment to that servant. The case which I
put is that of a contractor with the United
States, who, atthe termination of the contract,
either by act of the United States or by bis
own act, commits what is equivalent to that
larceny, voluntarily delivering the property,
not simply into his own hands, but into tbe
hands of an enemy.
And now, sir, having the floor on this sub-
ject., (for I have not heretofore taken up any
tune in speaking on these amendments,) let
me put this case in its true light: here were
corporations and individuals scattered over
the confederate States who performed this
service after the rebellion commenced, after
April, 1861; and if this section is passed they
will be entitled to compensation from that time
up until the 1st day of June, 1861. Now, sup-
pose a corporal ion situated in the State of Geor-
gia or South Carolina, which during that time
was carrying troops to Charleston for the pur-
pose of rc'enforelngthe rebels, had a.t that time
pretenteda claim forcompensation for carrying
the mail, what would any man have said to such
a claim? " What! pay over eight, ten, or
twenty thousand dollars into-tbe hands of the
enemy, (at. that time,) and pve him the means
of carrying on war against you!" That
would have been the position of the case on
the 1st of June, 1861 ; and what is it now that
the rebellion is over? How has the case
changed? Would any Senator have enter-
tained the idea at that time of paying a rail-
road corporation situated in any one of the
rebel States for transporting the mail up to
the 1st of June, 1861'/
Mr. THUKMAN. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question. Would the Government
have asked them to carry the mail if they did
not. expect, to pay for the service?
Mr. SOOT1'. Whether the Government
would ask them to carry it or not is not the ques-
tion. But here are persons that during that
time were in actual rebellion against the Uni-
ted States, and who now come in alleging that
they did carry the mail during that time.
Mr. THURMAN. They could not carry
the mail unless the Government delivered the
mail to tliem.
Mr. SCO IT. It is not for services actually
rendered that they are asking to be paid here.
The section as it now stands permits any one
who had a contract and who alleged that he
carried the mail for the United States to be
paid 
Mr. THURMAN. No; it is confined to
service ac'ually rendered.
Mr. SCO T f. Very we'll; suppose that to
be the case, that they actually rendered the
service until June, 1861, and ttien went int.o
the rebellion and demanded this money, is
there a Senator on this floor who would at
that time have voted to give it to them? They
delivered the mail-bags over to the confeder-
acy : they went into rebellion against this
Government, and then came and demanded
the' money they had earned of the Govern-
ment agamst which they were now rebelling
for the purpose of carrying on the war against
the Government! That was the position then.
How has it changed?
Mr. PRATT. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will pause a moment I will state how
Congress, in 1867, two years after peace was
declared, expressed itself upon this very ques-
tion. I have bet'oie me a joint resolution of
Congress approved March 2, 1867, entitled
"joint resolution prohibiting payment by any
officer of the Government to any person not
known to have been opposed to the rebellion
and in favor of its suppiessionand it reads
as follows:
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives o/ the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That until otherwise ordered it ^balt be
unlawful lor any officer of the United States Gov-
ernment to pay any account, claim, or demand
against said Government which accrued or existed
prior to the 13th day of April, A. D. 1861, in favor
ol any person who promoted, encouraged, or in any
manner sustained the late rebellion, or in favor of
any person who during said rebellion was not known
to be opposed thereto, and distincily in favor of its
suppression; and no pardon heretofore granted, or
hereafter to be granted, shall authorize the payment
ofsuch account, claim, or demand, until this reso-
lution is modified or repealed: Provided, That this
resolution shall not be construed to prohibit the
paymentof claims founded upon contracts made by
any of the Departments where such claims were
assigned or contracted to be assigned prior to April
i, 18(51, to creditors of said contractors, loyal citizens
of loyal States, in payment of debts incurred prior
to March 1,18G1."
I would inquire of the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania whether this joint resolu-
tion has to his knowledge ever been repealed
or modified ?
Mr. SCOTT. It has not to my knowledge
ever been repealed or modified ; and it, was
my intention to say a word on that subject,
for I am indebted to the suggestion of a report
which was drawn by the Senator from Indi-
ana upon a case involving this very question,
which was carefully considered in the Com-
mittee on Claims, and the claim for just such
services rejected by that committee  
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy in the chair.) Considering the time
yielded to the Senator from Indiana the time
of the Senator from Pennsylvania 
Mr. SCOTT. Very well.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator asks how the
position of affairs has charged since the 1st
day of June, 1861, and asks if any Senator
at that time -jould have voted to pay compen-
sation to a railroad company or. a mail con-
tractor in the southern States, to pay him money
which was going to support the rebellion.
I answer no; probably no Senator would
have voted to then put money into the hands
of any citizen of the States in insurrection,
for fear that it might be used for purposes of
insurrection. To-day, when that payment is
made, there is no fear that that money is going
to be used for any such purposes. It was with-
held from the contractor at that time because
then and there it might be used for purposes
of rebellion.
But let me say in reference to the point of
the Senator's amendment that the contractors
bad no control over the mail-bags except to
take them from one post office and deliver them
to another. It was not their province to de-
liver thgm to any other place but to the post
office. If this were a provision for the pay-
ment of postmasters, the point might, be well
raised. It was the duty of the postmasters to
deliver the mail-bags to the United States.
The mail-bags were not in the hands of tbe
contractors on the route, but were in the pos-
session or nnderthe control of the postmasters,
and not of the mail contractor.
Mr. SCOTT. Then if they delivered them
to the confederate postmasters they would
come within the terms of the amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. At the time they were
delivered they were Federal postmasters, and
the Government held them responsible as
Federal postmasters.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Then the amendment
will not hurt them.
Mr. SAWYER. The Government has sued
them on their bonds as Federal postmasters.
Tbe Government holds them responsible for
funds and the Government property in their
hands, and to-day has numberless Miits through-
out the States lately in insurrection to recover
the value of the property left in their hands
which they delivered to the confederate States.
Air. CONKLING. .The amendment, pend-
ing touches the quick of this matter. We hear
now as we have heard before that the United
States during this period carried the mails and
that the creditors in whose behalf we are legis-
lating are the persons who were employed by
the United States to carry them. That the
Senate may see how far such is tbe fact, I wish
now t.o call attention to three statutes which
1 have found in a volume entitled " Confeder-
ate States Statures at Large, 1861 and 1864."
I read on page 66 an act passed on the 15th
of March, 1861, two months and a half prior
to that day before which these creditors are to
be paid. The first, section of " an act vesting
certain powers in tbe postmaster general" is—
" The congress of the confederate Stutte of Amtrica
do enant. That in the event of a discontinuance of
the postal scrvicein any of the confederate States,
as now carried on by the Government of theUnited
States, before the postmaster general of this con-
federacy shall have prepared the newservice.under
the provisions of the act already parsed by this con-
gress, it shall be lawful for the said postmaster
general to renew provisionally the contracts under
which the service is now performed, and to continue
in office the several postmasters and other officers
now employed in such postal service, until he is
prepared to replace said service and said officers by
new contracts and appointments."
Then comes the next section :
"Sec. 2. That the postmaster general, at a time
to be fixed by him, is hereby authorized to adver-
tise and enter into contracts for carrying the mail
with due celerity, certainty, and security, on the post
routes within tne confederate States, other than
railroads and steamboats, in accoidance with the
acts passed by this congress."
1 continue the reading of the act:
"Sec. 3. That after such contracts shall have been
entered into, on and after a day to be designated by
the proclamation of the postmaster general, all
conveyance of mails within the limits of tbe con-
federate States, except by authority of the post-
master general, is hereby prohibited.
" Sec. 4. Be itjurther enacted, That the postmaster
general have power to issue circular instructions to
the several postmasters and otherofficers still per-
forming seivice under the appointment of the Uni-
ted States, in order to enforce the rendition of the
E roper accounts and paymentof the moneys collected
y them per account of the United States, until the
postmaster general shall have issued his proclama-
tion announcing that the former service is discon-
tinued and is replaced bv the new service organized
under the authority of this government.
" Sec. 5. That it shall be lawful for the postmas-
ter general to allow express and other chartered
companies to carry letters and all mail matter 9f
every description, whether the same be inclosed in
stamped envelopes or prepaid by stamps or money;
but if the same be prepaid in money, the money
shall be paid to some postmaster, who shall ac-
count to the post office department for the same,
in the samo manner as for letters sent by the mail,
but if prepaid by stamps, then the express or other
company receiving such letters for delivery shall
obliterate such stamps, under the penalty of $500
for each failure, to^ be recovered by action of debt in
any court having jurisdiction thereof, in the name
ot the postmaster general for the use of the confed-
erate States; but if said letters or mail matter shall
be received by such express or other company, not
for delivery, but to be mailed, ;hen the matter so
carried shall be prepaid at the same rate that tbe ex-
isting law requires it to be paid from the point wfaer®
it may be received by such company to the point of
its destination, and the postmaster, where such corn*
