640
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Ho. op Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Beck.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
applied now only to the most cold-blooded
murderers, " alive or deadl "
To some it may seem that I have over-
drawn the effect which the woman's rights
movement, if successful, will have upon the
country. And, indeed, some may even look
upon the movement as not of sufficient mag-
nitude to merit serious consideration. I beg
leave to dissent from such opinions. I think
I have proved that there is at least a prob-
ability of the agitation ending in a triumph,
and that, too, at a no very distant day, unless
far greater efforts are made to stem its torrent
than have yet been made. I think I have
proved that the necessary result of the agita-
tion, if indeed it be not the end and aim of
the agitators, is the overthrow of Christianity
and, the Bible, both of which militate against
their schemes in the most unmistakable terms,
and must, therefore, be subverted before they
can hope to succeed. Also, that the breaking
up of the family must be one of the conse-
quences, for they would make it, instead of
the foundation of the State and of society, as
it now is, a two-headed monster whose heads
will be ever at strife with each other until
complete disruption must ensue. I think I
have proved by extracts from history that a
participation in public affairs almost invariably
unsexes a woman; that there was scarcely a
public woman of ancient times, queen, prin-
cess, or high-born lady, though she usually
was, that was not guilty of the most revolting
crimes, low intrigue, adultery, the blackest
treachery, and the foulest murders, each crime
being instigated by the hope of advancing her
influence in the State or her interest with the
powers that were ; in other words, by political
motives; while the same history teems
wilh instances, though want of time pre-
vented their citation, of women in private
life who were models of virtue, patriotism,
heroic achievement, in brief, of every excel-
lence that becomes a woman in her proper
sphere. I think I have proved that nearly all
the few women that found their way into pub-
lic life, even under the blessed auspices of
Christianity, before they were done with the
cares and turmoils which that life imposed, fell
not far behind their pagan sisters in depravity.
1 think 1 have proved that if those few, the
most favored by fortune and the most richly
endowed by nature, fell from their high estate
of virtue and nobleness in proportion as they
rose in their ambitious soarings and public
station, the danger is infinitely greater that if
the whole mass of women were now allowed
to participate in politics, the result would be
disastrous; that while politics would certainly
not be purged of its corruptions, as claimed, by
such a measure, the true women themselves
would at last be persuaded to enter the con-
tentious arena as a sort of forlorn hope to
avert a total wreck, where they, too, must be
finally unsexed and corrupted ; that the shock
which the whole social fabric must receive from
this blow would crumble it into ruins; that
without religion, without families, and without
homes, mankind would relapse into barbarism.
It would not be done in one year nor in ten,
nor possibly in a single century; nevertheless
it would be done; and even if it were not ac-
complished until a thousand years had passed
away, why should we, with our eyes wide open
to the dark abyss in the distatiee, take delib-
erately the first step on the downward road
that mast lead even our remote posterity, into
its fearful depths?
Let each true woman of the nation exert
herself and avert the impending danger. Nor,
in order io do so, need she leave for a single
moment her proud throne—for proud it is,
though seemingly so humble—beside the
hearth-stone, from which, knowingly or not,
she rules her little world. And inasmuch as
the great world is made up of such little worlds,
the true women already rale that great world,
and this, too, while they keep politics afar.
May it ever be so 1 But that it may, let them
not be idle; let them make known throughout
the length and breadth of the land, not only
the vast majority of their numbers over the
innovators, but let them, in the modest way
that they know so well how to do, put forth
their sentiments in language so plain that he
who runs may read, and particularly the dem-
agogue who " runs" for an office, and is per-
haps at this very moment currying favor with
the strong-minded sisterhood, telling them
how he will favor them now if they will but
do the same for him when they shall have been
enfranchised by his aid. Let them write, and
scatter abroad in the land, words of such burn-
ing eloquence as shall make him—yes, hard-
ened demagogue though he is—tremble in his
shoes and think again before he sells his
influence to the devil. Let them write such
words, too, as shall make the soft-shell wing
of the woman suffrage party (those who sym-
pathize with the movement but remain de-
cently at home—there is no penetrable point
in the hard-shell portion) blush that they
should ever have favored their erring sisters,
even in thought. That there are true women
among us who can write thus effectively is
proved by the following memorial presented
about a year ago to the Legislature of Ohio,
as an antidote to one of the opposite stamp :
" We acknowledge no inferiority to men. We claim
to have no less ability to perform the duties which
«od has imposed upon us than they have to perform
those imposed upon them.
"Wo believe that God has wisely and well adapted
each sex to the proper performance of the duties of
each.
" We believe our trusts to be as important and as
sacred as any that exist on earth.
"We feel that our present duties fill up the whole
measure of our time and ability, and that they are
such as none but ourselves can perform.
"Their importance requires us to protest against
all efforts to compel us to assume the obligations
which cannot be separated from suffrage, but which
cannot be performed by us without the sacrifice of
the highest interests of our families and of society.
" It is our fathers, brothers, husbands, and sons,
who represent us at the ballot-box. Our fathers and
brothers love ns. Our husbands are our choice, and
one with us. Our sons are what we make them.
"We are content that they represent us in the
corn-field, the battle-field, and at the ballot-box ;
and we represent them in the school-room, at the
fireside, and at the cradle, believing our representa-
tion even at the ballot-box to be thus moro full and
impartial than it could possibly be were all women
allowed to vote.
"We do, therefore, respectfully protest against
any legislation to establish ' woman suffrage ' in our
land or in any part of it."
So long as our women shall stand upon such
a platform as that there is hope for the coun-
try. Demagogues may agitate, traitors may
plot, usurpers triumph for alittle season ; cor-
ruptions may eat up of much of her substance;
but her million homes linked together in the
triple bonds of purity, virtue, and a common
Christianity, are a million imperishable points
whence shall go forth, at all times and in all
seasons, an influence that shall preserve the
whole social, political, and religious fabric
from destruction.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES B. BECK,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
May 20, 1872,
On the bill (H. It- No. 2322) to reduce duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes.
Mr. BECK. It is impossible in the few
minutes I propose to occupy to present fully
the reasons for the changes proposed in the
internal revenue laws in detail, but I think I
can very briefly make the House understand
the general ideas which governed the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in the amendments
now proposed. We had to deal with a system
which was put into operation some years ago,
when it seemed to be impossible for the Gov-
ernment to collect its revenues from distilled
spirits and tobacco, by reason of the frauds
in which officials and manufacturers were
engaged.
A reduction of the rates of taxation, espe-
cially on distilled spirits from two dollars to
fifty cents a gallon, did much to prevent fraud-
ulent combinations by diminishing the tempt-
ation. Still, the most stringent laws were
reenacted, and former laws were even made
jnore severe. The experience of the last two
or three years has demonstrated that many of
these rigorous enactments can now be modi-
fied or dispensed with altogether, and while
existing laws which, if not now in existence,
would not be enacted, cannot be repealed be-
cause of the radical changes in the machinery
which would be rendered necessary by achange .
of system, still their severity can be miti-
gated and many of their most oppressive pro-
visions modified without risk of injury to the
Government, to the great relief of the distiller
and manufacturer. To accomplish this, and
at the same time preserve the system with
which the officials and the country are now
familiar, was the aim of the committee, and
we think our bill goes far to accomplish the
purpose.
In regard to distilled spirits we found a large
number of little taxes and annoying regula-
tions which embarrassed the distiller and in-
volved the Government in litigation and strife.
As no absolute lien was reserved by law for
any of them beyond the fifty cents per gallon
tax, we ascertained that sixty-five cents per
gallon would cover them all, including the pay
of the storekeepers and gaugers, and we there-
fore consolidated all these taxes into one, and
gave the Government the first lien absolutely
tor the payment of the tax before the spirits
could be removed from the distillery ware-
house. We regarded it as extremely import-
ant that the United States should have no
controversy and no doubtful question of right
with their own citizens, and equally so that no
citizen should feel that he or his occupation
was regarded with suspicion or distrust by the
Government. We have done what we could
to remove existing causes of irritation and an-
noyance. We have endeavored to retain the
present rate of taxation as nearly as possible,
because we did not wish to enable men here-
after to make whisky at a lower rate of tax-
ation than was paid by those holding the stock
now on hand, and thereby obtain an advantage,
and we did not intend to increase the value of
the present stocks by increasing the taxation
on future production. In short, our object
has been to endeavor to facilitate business
without disturbing values.
The proposition made the other day to abol-
ish all taxes on distilled spirits, while it may
be a popular move, would involve the ruin of
all those whose means are invested in them,
and can only be entertained when coupled
with a proposition to repay to all those who
now hold tax-paid spirits, or articles whose
value consists in great part of spirits, the taxes
they have paid the Government upon thern.
Ihis process would very promptly deplete the
Treasury, and I suppose is not seriously con-
templated by the House. We found penalties
imposed for violation of law out of all propor-
tion in many instances to the offense, with
the minimum punishment prescribed, so that
even technical and unintentional wrongs had
to be punished with imprisonment not less
than six months and a fine of not less than
$500. We have stricken out all these limita-
tions on the power and discretion of the courts
of the United States, believing that the judges
who hear the evidence and fully understand
