4276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
pany may mail the same, shall deface the stamps
upon the same.
• " Sf.c. 6. Be it further evactcd, That each agent of
any company who may carry letters under the pro-
visions of this act shall be required to take an oath
that he will faithfully comply with the law of the
confederate States relating to the carrying of let-
ters or other mail matter, and obliterating postage
stamps, which oath may be administered by any
justice of the peace, and shall bo in writing, and
signed by such agent or messenger, and filed in tlie
post office department."
I next turn to an appropriation act passed
on the very next day, bearing date March 16,
1861, which provides:
"Th'! connrew of ihe confederate State* of America
do enact, That the following.sums be appropriated
for the. post office department for the year ending
the 1st of Mat-eh, 1862, out of any moneys in tho
treasury, arising lrom the revenues of the service of
said department, namely, for transportation of the
mails inland.$1.102,218 -111; for compensation of post-
masters, S300.UUO; lor clerks of post ofiices, $100,000;
for ship, steamboat, and way letters, $5,01)0 ; for ollice
furniture for post. ofiices. $2,000; for advertising,
$15,000; for mail-bags $10,000; tor paper blanks,
410,000; fur printing blanks, §3,000; for wrapping
paper. $8,000; for mail-locks, keys, and stamps,
S10.000; lor mail depredations and special agents,
$20,000; for miscellaneous payment.-,, $-10,000; for
postage stamps and stamped envolopes. 325,000; for
payment on account of foreign mail sorvice, $75,000;
tor payment of letter-earriei«, $2,000.
"Sue. 2. That the sum of $320,000 36 be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
moneys in the tieasury not othenviso appromiateii,
to supply deficiencies in the revenue of the post
ollice department for the year ending tho 1st of
March, 18tj2."
I turn next lo nn act of August 30, 18G1;
" Th& eoe.'/re.'e of the confederate. Slateh of America
dv enact; 'i'tnit it shall bo thoduty of the postmaster
general to collect alt moneys duo from the several
postmasters within the confedorato Stales, and which
they had not paid over at tho time tho^ confederate
States took charge of tho postal service"—
Which had been donosome time before tills,
obviously.
Mr. SAWYER. Not on the 31st of May.
Mr. OONKUNG. I have but live minutes.
It' f gel another opportunity i will show tho
Senator whether he is right about that; I can-
not do it in these live minutes.
"and tho several postmasters are hereby required
to  eeo,unt10 the general post otiico of this govern-
ment under the name rule-', lemulations, and penal■
ties that were prescribed by the law under which
said moneys were received.
" Sor, 2. The moneys so received shall bo kept
separate and distinct from the other funds of the
post olfnio department, and shall eou-tituto a fund
for the ]>ro rata payment of claims lor postalserviee
which accrued hetoi'e the po.-itnm.stri genera! took
charge of Ihe postal service in the States respect-
ively comprising llin confederacy, as may hereafter
bo piovidt-d.
" Sice. 3, It shall ho theduty of the postmaster
general to malic proclamation that all persons who
are citizens of tho confederate States of America,
and who may have rendered postal service m any
of the States of this eonlcderacy, under contragtsor
appointments made by the United States Govern-
ment bcl'oi e the eon trderato States govoriimont took
charge of such service, shall present their oiaims_ to
hi^ department, verified and established according
to such rules as he .shall prescribe, by a timo therein
to bo Set tui t.h not, less < hall MX months, aud l equal-
ing the claimant to slate, under oath, hoiv much has
been paid and the date ol'sach payments, oil account
of the oonUact or appointment uudei' whieh said
claim occurred, and what fund or provision lias been
set apart or made for the further payment of the
whole or uny poition of the balance of such elaiiu,
by thy (lovermucnt ot tho United States, or of any
of the Sta'es; ami they shall also .state on oath
whether they performed fully the service according
to then contiaotsoi appointments during tho time
for which they claim pay, and if not, what partial
service iliey did pcrlorni, and what deductions hare
been made lrom their pay, so far as they know, ou
account of an> failure, or partial failure, to pelfoim
such service; and the postmaster general shall, as
soon ab lie shall have collected such moneys from
said postmasters, and ascertained the amount of
claims against the post otlioe department and tho
amount received respectively by tho claimants as
aforesaid, and the provisions, if any, for future
payment, make a report of the same, so that lutuiu
action may be tal.Cu thereon as respects tho distii-
blition.
" Sec. *1. All claims for postal service required to
be presented by this bill shall bo barred as against
this fund, unless presented within six months after
the proclamation of tho postmaster general shall
have been made,"
How much time have I left, Mr, President?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The five
minutes are out.
Mr. FLANAGAN. It is most remarkable,
Mr. President, that so distinguished a lawyer
as my friend from New York is should thus
quibble with the Senate. Certainly itis quib-
bling. Does he read that for law here ? He
introduced in the first instance the constitu-
tion of the confederacy so called, and now he
is reading the statute^ as though he was rely-
ing upon them as law. Most remarkable 1 In
doing so he showed that the United States
Government had already done" the thing pre-
cisely that he is now objecting to. It has ap-
propriated and by suits against many individ-
uals in the so-called, confederate region recov-
ered the money from the postmasters that they
appropriated inthatlaw; thereby showing that
this was an entire failure, as is well known
of my friend.
And he undertook to lecture us as if we
were school-boys. Some of us have read
some authorities on contracts ; we have read
Chitty and we have read Story. It is true I
have not read onefrom my distinguished friend
Stewart from Nevada ; but lie has lectured us
often enough this evening for us to recollect
it very well, and now my friend Conkling
comes in to cap the climax with bis authority
on contracts. [Laughter.]
It is clear that even if those statutes were in
existence, if they were the law of the land,
they would be ineffectual in this particular, be-
cause a contract requires different parties to
make it. The mail contractors were never
any parties to that law; that is ex parte, cer-
tainly and unmistakably ; no man can raise an
issue upon that question. Therefore they are
not bound by it. They never were bound by it.
The amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania contemplates an impossibility. "Oh,"
says he, " they must in good faith have tendered
the mail-bags and everything they were in
possession of I " Well, in that particular, and
at that unfortunate period, they would have
been very nonsensical in such action, because
they would simply have been tendering their
heads, and my friend Scott would not have
done it if he hud been there. We might just
ns well understand that. We were in an un-
fortunate predicament; a dreadful state of
affairs existed, and a man, however ho might
have loved the Union, was undoubtedly bound
not. to protest too loudly ; he had to keep it in
his breast. He would have done nothing of
the kind as to have said "I denounce your
action hero ; I am going to stand by the Union,
and I am going to turn over all the mail-bngs
and all that kind of thing." That may do for
these little boys, but no man would do it.
I Here the hammer fell. J
Mr.    '
CONKL1NG. I move to amend by
striking-.out the last provision of the pending
amendment. I do it not meaning to occupy
live minutes, but to get an opportunity of
stating the point of the statutes which I read
so hurriedly.
As the Senator fiotn Ohio nearest me [Mr.
Sueiuian] -reminded us, there was at the time
in existence all over this territory embodied
force known as a government defaotp, and
we'must treat it as such, That authority, that
governmeut, as 1 will call it, have provided here,
adopted and executed these statutes, one of
them dated March 15, 1861, adopted and ap-
pointed or authorized the appointment of the
contractors then engaged in carrying the mails
for ihe United States, and provided that in no
way except by the authority of that confeder-
ate government should those mails be carried.
Now, Mr. President, the Senate will see
that I read that provision of the statute upon
the question whether the United Slates was in
truth still carrying the mails there, and whether
these alleged creditors were in truth the offi-
cers or agents of the United States or the
agents of the so-ealled confederate States,
because we have heard Senators say over and
overagain, " Nobody proposes to pay them for
services rendered to the confederate States."
Now 1 read you a statute which shows that
every one of them during every hour from the
15th of March down to the 1st of June was the
agent of the confederate States, was not the
agent of the United States, was required to
report to the confederate States, wasi-equired
to take an oath to execute his duties accord-
ing to the laws of the confederate States, was
required to make report on oath of money in'
his hands which had come from the revenues
of the United States and turn it over to the
treasury of the confederate States so called.
Will it be said in the face of this that we
are only asked to pay our own officers who, as
the Senator from Delaware said, committed
no offense, except that, they had a sentiment
of disloyalty in their bosoms? Is that to be
said ? Now, how does the amendment of my
friend from Pennsylvania injure these men?
It says that every man who voluntarily made
rendition of money, bags, and assets to that
horde of rebels known as the confederate
States of America, shall not be paid by the
United States of America. Whom does that
injure?
Mr. STEVENSON. I understood the Sen-
ator from New York to say that the statute
which he read from was passed in March.
Mr. CONICLING. March 15, 1861.
Mr. STEVENSON. Did that operate upon
any State which had not then seceded, as the
State of Virginia had not? Would that oper-
ate upon any contract which the United States
had entered into to carry the mails in any State
which at that time and for sixty days after that
had not seceded?
Mr. CONKL1NG., For the sake of brevity
I had better admit that my friend is right;
but he will observe that this provision here
extends to all the States ; and if he could
except Virginia (as I think 1 could show hitn in
a moment, if I had time, he could not,) that
would give no reason for adopting this amend-
ment. Far from it. My point is that in all
the States that did belong at that time to the
confederate States, under the operation of a
twofold statute which provided ultimately for
the appointment of new officers, it was pro-
vided that on that day when it spoke, to wit,
the 15th ofMarch, no man should be an officer
of the United States of America within their
dominions in this service, but that every man
should instautly become, under pains and pen-
alties, if he pursued the mail service, the
agent and officer of the confederate States.
Therefore I say it is idle for any Senator to
say that we can pay for this service thus drawn
to and absorbed by the confederate States,
and say at the same time that we are paying
the agents of the United States for services
which the United States required to be ren-
dered.
I withdraw my amendment to strike out the
last word.
Mj\ ROBERTSON. Admitting that those
statutes were passed at the time my honorable
friend says they were—and I have no doubt
of that—-they could not positively go into
effect until there was some proclamation issued
by the so-called postmaster - general of the
confederate States. It does not appear that
he issued a proclamation at all. How can a
contract be enforced unless entered into by
two parties ? The whole object of this amend-
ment is to defeat the section. I move that
the amendment be laid on the table. .
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President 
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw my motion
for my friend from Kentucky.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I can-
not agree to the deduction which the Senator
from New York attempts to draw from the
statutes he read. I deny that the confederate
government at Montgomery could render a
man disloyal, or release the United States
from anycontract for the carrying of the mails
in a State which did not secede until a period
subsequent to that to which this amendment
refers. Now, as I understand the fact, Vir-
ginia did not secede until May, perhaps the
