1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
ing oat " Committee on the Judiciary," and
inserting " Committee on Claims."
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
was referred to the Committee 011 Claims.
' Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1854) to authorize Rev. Jeremiah Moy-
nihan, of New Orleans, to import one set of
marble altars free of duty, have directed me
to report it adversely,'and ask to be discharged
from its further consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there is no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. KELLOGG subsequently said: I have
just come into the Chamber, and I am in-
formed that the Senator from Ohio has re-
ported a bill from the Committee on Finance,
in which I am interested, recommending its
indefinite postponement. I should like to
know if that is the fact.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the
bill?
Mr. KELLOGG. A bill allowing Rev.
Jeremiah Moynihan, of New Orleans, to im-
port a set of altars free of duty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill was
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask that it be placed
upon the Calendar.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. A Senator de-
siring it, the usage of the Senate has been
that a bill reported in this way be placed on
the Calendar with the adverse report unless
some Senator objects. That will be done in
this case.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
773) to provide for the refunding of taxes paid
by State officers on their salaries, have directed
me to report the bill back adversely. This is
a bill to refund the income tax to State officers
other than judicial ollicers. I desire to state
that, the Secretary of the Treasury, under the
general powers granted him by law, is, under
the decision of the Supreme Court, refunding
to the judicial officers of the States the taxes
they have paid in the nature of income tax.
This bill proposes to extend the principle of
that decision to all State officers, executive
and judicial.
Mr. CONKLING. Where is the distinc-
tion V
Mr. SHERMAN. The court itself makes a
distinction, and the committee are of the
opinion that there is a broad distinction, bo-
cause judicial officers are protected by most
of the Slate constitutions, as well as the Con-
stitution of the Uniiod States, from a diminu-
tion of their salaries. There is no such pro-
vision in regard to any other officers, so far as
I know of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
indefinitely postponed if there is 110 dissent.
Mr. OSBORN. I ask unanimous consent
to take up the bill'  
Mr. PRATT. I should like to inquire what
is the bill that has just been indefinitely post-
poned?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the title of the bill.
The Chief Ci.ekk. A bill (S. No. 773) to
provide for the refunding of taxes paid by
State officers on their salaries.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the bill will not be
indefinitely postponed, but be allowed to go
upon the^ Calendar. I wish to submit some
remarks in support of it. I will state that the
Supreme Court have already decided that the
tax upon judicial salaries is unconstitutional;
that it is beyond the power of Congress'to
assess a tax upon the salaries of the judges of
the States. I do not see why that rule should
not apply to all officers of the States belong-
ing to the executive or administrative depart-
ments. The principle is the same. I intro-
duced that bill in good faith, believing that
the principle decided by the Supreme Court
of the United States would sustain it. I hope,
therefore, that the bill will not be indefinitely
postponed, but be placed on the Calendar to
be considered by the Senate when reached.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the bill being placed on the Calendar. I have
already stated, though the Senator dtd not hear
me, that the Committee on Finance was of
the opinion that there was a distinction between
the two classes of officers ; but I have no objec-
tion to the bill going on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
011 the Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And when it
comes up, I give notice that I shall move to
refund all taxes collected during the war, as
they were a very grievous burden, as soon as
possible. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOTT. The Committee on Finance,
to whom were recommitted the petition and
papers of John Thompson Mason, asking to
be relieved from liability for a judgment con-
fessed to cover the defalcation of one of his
clerks, have again had that subject under con-
sideration, and have instructed me to report it
back with a request that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
Mr. VICKERS. I ask that that report be
placed 011 the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a report,
not a bill. The Senator can introduce a bill
and have it placed on the Calendar. The com-
mittee will be discharged.
benjamin vanniman.
Mr. SCOTT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee 011 Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (II. R. No. 7!!) for the relief of Benjamin
Vanniman, to report it back without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it pass.
It is a hill simply authorizing the issue to the
person named of two ten-forty bonds in lieu
of two that were destroyed by rats. I ask the
present consideration of the bill, as it is an act
of justice, and it will take but a moment to
pass it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate,, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue to Benjamin Vanniman, of
Greene county, Ohio, two ten-forty bonds for
$500 each, with interest coupons, falling due
after September 1, 1804, under act of March
3, 180-1, in lieu ol two ten-forty bonds of like
amounts, with coupons, &c., numbered 4322
and 4323, issued under that act, and which, as
the property of Benjamin Vanniman, were,
between the 1st and 15th of September, 1804,
destroyed by rats; but before issuing the new
bonds, the Secretary of the Treasury is to re-
quire a sufficient bond of indemnity securing
the Govoinment against the piesentatiou of
the bunds alleged to have been destroyed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary
of the Navy, transmitting, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 13th of March,
1871, proposals which have been made to him
for establishing iron-shipbuilding yards and
docks; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
railroad in florida.
Mr. OSBORN. I ask unanimous consent
to take up Senate bill No. 754, granting the
right of way through the public lands for the
construction of a railroad and telegraph in
Florida. The bill has been read, and all that
is required is simply a vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection, if
the Senator will allow morning business to
go on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Florida asks unanimous consent to take up a
bill granting the right of way through the pub-
lic land for the construction of a railroad and
telegraph in Florida. It requires unanimous
consent at this time.
Mr. CONKLING. I should be very sorry
to make any objection to the request of my
honorable friend from Florida, but I had
hoped that this morning I might be allowed
to call up a resolution which has been lying
on the table for some time, and to have a vote
on it.
Mr. OSBORN. There is nothing to be done
in this case but to take the vote. It will only
occupy a moment if the Senator will allow the
vote to be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not make objec-
tion, though I am very anxious, if I can, to get
a vote on the resolution I have referred to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this bill will be taken up, subject to
demand for the regular order. It is before the
Senate, no objection being made.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood the Sen-
ator from Florida to say he would give way
for morning business.
Mr. OSBORN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair" will
continue the call for reports from committees.
charters and constitutions.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee 011
Printing, reported the following resolution;
which was read three times, and passed:
Resolved, That there be paid from the contingent
fund ot' the Senate such sums as may be expended
under the direction of the CommPteo on Public
Printing for the compilation of colonial chartors
and Stale constitutions made by order of the Senate.
bills intkoducjsd.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 793) to amend an act approved Feb-
ruary 28, 1871, amending an act approved
May 31, 1870, entitled "An act to enforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of this Union, and for
other purposes;" which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee 011 the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to in-
troduce a bill (S. No. 794) for the relief of the
trustees of Charity Lodge, No. Ill, Free and
Accepted Masons, of Harper's Ferry, West
Virginia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee 011 Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 795) to prevent the destruction of timber
on lands of the United States; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 790) to provide for an adequate supply of
circulating medium to the States needing it;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
797) to provide for the payment of claims
for r-';nt arising in States declared in insur-
rection ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 798) authorizing the construction' of a
public building at Fall River, in the State of
Massachusetts; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
