1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
42 V7
23d day of May. She passed an ordinance of
secession in April, but it was submitted to the
people of Virginia and not to become valid
until ratified by them, and that ratification did
not take place until about the 23d of May.
Again, I reply to the Senator from New
York in response to his alleged deduction from
the reading of those statutes, that the United
States itself is estopped from setting up any
such plea as he deduces from their passage,
tbe State of Virginia itself not being within
the confederate States and not being in rebel-
lion. It is estopped by another consideration,
and I say to my friend from New York that
the United States has paid postmasters who
were within the interdiction of the statute read
by him uo to the 31st day of May, 1861.
Mr. OONKLING. In what State?
Mr. STEVENSON. It has not only made
these postmasters pay over money up to the
31st of May, but the United States has paid
postmasters up to the 31st of May, notwith-
standing the statute which the gentleman read.
Mr. CONKL1NG. In what States were
they postmasters?
Mr. STEVENSON. Not in one State alone,
but in several. I understand that in the State
of South Carolina, which I believe was the
first State to secede, suits have not only been
instituted, but postmasters in the so-called
confederate States have been held, and their
sureties, up to the 31st day of May, for their
action, and liable upon their bonds as postmas-
ters. Surely my honorable friend would not say
that that was not an estoppel upon the United
States to set up what he claims now is a stat-
ute which releases tbe United States from
paying them because these men were in re-
bellion.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Sen-
ator will pardon me, I wouid say just this in
one word : that that position of the United
States is clearly right unless these men were
compelled by what the lawyers call actual
vis major to surrender the money. That
"would be a defense ; that would be an act of
the public enemy ; they may defend them-
selves on that ground; otherwise clearly it
would be right.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think it is right upon
another ground, and I think it has been not
only the settled policy of the country but the
adjudicated decision of the courts that those
s'atntes were all null and void, that the States
could not secede, that they were always sub-
ject 
Mr. CONKLING. I have no doubt of that.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly, and being
always subject, if the United States has exacted
payment from these men as postmasters it is
estopped now, if a valid claim is set up such
as is proposed in this bill, from saying, "We
are released from it in consequence of any
statute passed by the so-called confederate
States."
Mr. ROBERTSON. I renew my motion
to lay the amendment on the table.
Mr. SCOTT. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 18 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Casserly, Cole,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton oi Texas, Hill, Johnston,
Kellogg, Kelly, Norwood, Ransom,Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer. Sprague, Stevenson, Thurman, Vick-
ers, and West—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Conkling, Oragin, Edmunds, 1're-
lingtlu^&en, Harlan, Hitchcock, Morrill of Vermont,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Sherman, and
S tew ar t—-18.
AJ3SENJ!—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett, Davis of
KoDtucky, Fc\ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, G'.&ert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Howe,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, 3Sfye,
Osborn, Patterson. Pool, Rtce, Sohurz, Spencer.
Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Wright—33.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. COLE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, ["No debate!"]
a single word. I hope the Senate will stand
by and finish the bill. {'"No debate !"]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Conkling, Edmunds, Freling-
huysen, Harlan, Hitchcock, Morrill of Vermont,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Sherman, and Stew-
art—17.
NAYS — Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Casserly, Cole,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, John-
ston, Kellogg, Kelly, Norwood, Ransom, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Saulshury, Sawyer, Sprague, Stevenson,
Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers, and West—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett, Cragin, Davis
of Kentucky, Fenton. Ferry of Connecticut. Ferry
of Michigan, Gilbert, Goldtbwaite, Hamlin, Howe,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye,
Osborn. Patterson. Pool, Schurz, Spencer, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Tipton, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—32.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. PRATT. I offer the following amend-
ment to be added to the section under con-
sideration :
Provided further, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to repeal any of the provisions of
the joint resolution approved March 2, 1867, entitled
" A joint resolution forbidding payment by any
officer of the Government to any person not known
to have been opposed to the rebellion and in favor
of its suppression."
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to lay that
amendment upon the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina,.
Mr. PRATT and Mr. CHANDLER called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered ;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 25, tiays 16 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Casserly. Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Kelly.
Lewis, Norwood, Pool, Ransom, Rice, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sprague, Stevenson, Thurman,
Trumbull, Vickers, and West—25.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cragin, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Hitch-
cock, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey,
Scott. Sherman, Stewart, and Wilson—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Caldwell. Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Cole. Conk-
| ling, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Penton,
E'erryol Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Howe, Kellogg, Logan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson,
Schurz, Speneer, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Win-
dom, and Wright—33.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was adopted
dispensing with proof of the loyalty of these
parties.
Mr. COLE. That has been voted upon
repeatedly.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I submit the "Senator
cannot make that motion, as he did not vote
for the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate are in
a good humor now, and that my friend from
Nevada and my friend from South Carolina will
receive a suggestion from me in greatkind-
ness. I am getting tired of this thing myself.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Let us have the sug-
gestion.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is this: there are other
amendments to be offered to this bill of a
minor character after we get through with
this, and this subject must necessarily come
up in the Senate again, where, if no one else
will call for the yeas and nays upon the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, I shall do so. It must be reported to the
Senate, and there we shall have an ample
t opportunity to take the vote upon it. Now,
! I think to-night we might possibly get this bill
through the Committee of the Whole, report
it to the Senate, and then adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Let this
be voted on now.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the vote be taken
| on the motion to strike out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to 'my friends
to let it go over, because to-morrow the whole
subject must come up again, and it will then
be as much open to amendment as it is now.
I think they h%d better do that.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will stay by
me until we can dispose of this bill, as was
suggested early in the day by several Senators,
and I hope they have not gone back of that
and do not propose to filibuster.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us proceed with the
bill until it is reported to the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Very well, until we get it
through committee at all events, and have the
amendments reported to the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have several amend-
ments from the Committee on Commerce in
regard to light-houses and other matters which
I desire to move when we can be permitted to
proceed with the bill in order, but I do not
think we shall make very much progress to-
night from present appearances. I therefore
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. COLE. We have just voted on a sim-
ilar motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itis in order,
however, to make the motion now1.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. CHANDLER. It is not debatable.
Mr. COLE. I know it is not, and the Senator
knows it very well. If that is the disposition,
to filibuster, let us go ahead. I call that fili-
bustering.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boieman. Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Cragin, Frelinghuysen, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy,
Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, and Trum-
bull—18.
NAYS —Messrs. Aleorn, Blair, Cisserly. Cole,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston,
Kelly, Norwood, Pool, Ransom, ltice. Robertson,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sprague, Stevenson, Xhurinan,
Vickers, West, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling, Corbett,
Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds. Fenton, Ferry of
Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert,Goldthwaite,
Hainlin, Hill, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morton," Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Schurz, Spencer,
Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Windom. and Wright—32.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. I appeal to the Senate
to agree to the proposition of my colleague.
Let us vote on the proposition now pending ;
that is, shall the section as amended be stricken
out? Every one of these questions can be
renewed in the Senate. If Senators see fit to
prolong this session to-night by motion after
motion to adjourn, and calling the yeas and
nays, it is in their power to prevent anything
being done. In half an hour there will not
be a quorum here, and it is just a mere ex-
haustion of strength without doing any good.
If Senators are determined that there shall be
no vote on this question to-night, if they p:>y
so, we might as well give it up at once. That,
is my judgment about it. I have sat here as
long as I am able to sit, for one ; and I do not
believe any one can sit here without injury to
his health, as we are doing, night after night,
in this way. But wp might take the vote on
this pending amendment. There have been a
dozen votes which show about how the strengt h
of the Senate is. Let us take the vote and
then report the bill to the Senate, or, so far as
I am concerned, I am willing that we shall
then adjourn until to-morrow and go on with
the bill then.
Several Senators. No, no; let us go on
with the other amendments.
Mr. THURMAN. Let others do as they
please. If that is the desire, we can go on
then and see if we can get along with the
pjiendFien*- to which there is no opposition,
l'hen every one of these questions can be
