1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3381
■ law Judge Davis stood in troublesome times
where I stood. He stood up in behalf of the
, rights and liberties of the people when such
men as Greeley trod them to the earth. There
is much in Judge Davis's position to command
the respect of the whole country 5 and the
strong probabilities are that if he had been
. nominated at Cincinnati he would have been
accepted by a majority of the Democratic
party.
I am only expressing my individual opinion.
But it is quite a different thing whether I
should vote for a Republican who has much
in common with my own feelings or with one
who has nothing.
. Mr. RANDALL. I beg to say that I would
not vote for either of them unless the Demo-
cratic national convention indorsed him. But
• if it shall indorse either of them, I shall vote
for him.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman has, of
course, a right to his own opinion.
Mr. BIRD. I would not vote for Mr. Gree-
ley if nominated at Baltimore.
. Mr. KERR. I ask one moment. All I
desire to say in reference to the article pro-
cured to be read by my colleague is that so far
as it attempts to classify me its statements are
simply untrue. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. NIBLACK. Now that my position as
a member of the Indiana delegation is also
involved, it is due to truth and frankness that
I should say that as now advised nothing short
of the power of the Democratic organization
will compel me to vote for Mr. Greeley as a
presidential candidate. I am deeply disap-
pointed at the result of the late Cincinnati
convention, and have made no concealment as
to that disappointment. Any one who classes
me as personally sympathizing with the move-
ment which seeks, either directly or indirectly,
to make Mr. Greeley the candidate of the Demo-
cratic party, misrepresents my position. In
this matter, however, as in all other great polit-
ical movements where policy alone is mainly
to be consulted, I intend to be governed by
the ultimate action of my political friends.
Mr. HOLMAN. I only desire to say that
I repudiate the article which my colleague
[Mr. Voorhees] has caused to be read so far
as it refers to me. I do not propose to fore-
stall the action of the Baltimore convention.
The Democratic party will alone, in their
national convention, determine what the true
interests of the country may in their judg-
ment demand.
bridge over dunstan river, maine.
Mr. LYNCH. I agree with all these gentle-
men, but I want to introduce a bill for action.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Com-
merce, with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (H. R. No. 2313) to authorize
the construction of a bridge over the tide-
■water of Dunstan river, in the State of Maine.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the inhabitants of the town of Scar-
borough, in the county of Cumberland and
State of Maine, are hereby licensed to build,
and to authorize to be built, as in their judg-
ment may be or become necessary to facilitate
intercommunication, a bridge or bridges, either
for railroad or ordinary travel, over the tide-
Water of Dunstan river, at or above the Steep
Banks, so called, on said river, without any
draw in said bridge or bridges.
The second section provides that the act
shall take effect and be in force from and after
its passage.
Mr. LYNCH. I only desire to say that this
"ill has been before the Committee 011 Com-
pierce, and I am authorized by them to report
it back.
Mr. CONGER. I simply want to make this
statement, that I think there is no precedent
whatever for the construction of a bridge by
an act of Congress in any of the old thirteen
otates which reserved the right of eminent
domain and of bridging their rivers and streams
to themselves, while in the new States the
Government takes everything.
^r' LYNCH. ^ I understand that that is not
correct. I am informed so by my colleague
near me on the committee, [Mr. Hoi,mam.]
j ^ W^8 0r<^ere<^ to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
business of saturday next.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I desire to make
a parliamentary inquiry. The House has as-
signed Saturday next for business of the Com-
mittee of Claims. Some ot that business is
already on the Private Calendar. 1 desire to
know if it would be competent for the House
to go into Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar and consider only those bills
reported from the Committee of Claims?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would rule
so, if the House goes into Committee of the
Whole 011 the Private Calendar to take up the
bills reported from the Committee of Claims,
because the whole day, whether in Committee
or out of it, is assigned to that committee.
fire at somerset, pennsylvania.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS. I move to suspend
the rules and put upon its passage a bill for the
relief of the sufferers by fire at Somerset,
Pennsylvania.
The bill was read. The preamble recites
that the town of Somerset, Pennsylvania, was,
on the 9th of May, 1872, almost totally de-
stroyed by fire, and many of its inhabitants
rendered houseless and homeless. The bill
directs that there be allowed and paid to the
sufferers by said fire, under such regulations as
the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, a
sum equivalent to the import duties on all
materials used in buildings to be erected on
the ground burned over by the said fire ; pro-
vided that the same materials be used within
two years from the 1st of July 1872.
Mr. B. P. MEYERS. I ask unanimous
consent to have read an extract from a news-
paper giving an account of the fire.
There was 110 objection; and the Clerk read
the extract as follows:
' Every business house is destroyed except IIol-
derbaum's grocery, every hotel except the liamett
House, bo'h the printing offices, and the Presbyte-
rian and Lutheran churches.
" Incidents.—In a large number of cases the stores
were used at the same time as residences, and many,
in fact the majority, of the losses represent all the
owners had.
" Goodb wore removed from the houses to bo de-
stroyed in the streets, or in some cases to be carried
off by miscroants to the country.
"Scarcely anything: was saved, the complete de-
struction effectod being one remarkable feature.
"Said a young man who forcotthat he had lost all.
My old father, rich at noon yesterday, hadn't a
dollar at night, and with his two daughters had to
beg a floor to lie on last night—and he eighty-four
years old.'
"Another said, "Beside Chicago this will appear
small, and we won't get help, but God knows wo
need it—it was all wo had.' Yet there was no
needless complaining, and all tried to smile and talk
cheerfully and hopefully of the future. None can
appreciate the scene unless they stand with afatli-er
looking on the ruins with his family, not a dollar or
a mouthful to eat in the world, and cheerfully say,
' it will all come right." * * * * *
" The total amount of insurance is placed at$60,000.
The loss will not be less than SI,000,000 m all. The
estimates given are rather below than above the
mark."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I must
object unless the gentleman will add the town
of Ayr, in Massachusetts, which was burned
down.
Mr. BIRD. I would .inquire if iron is in-
cluded?
Mr. RANDALL. This is a question of
humanity and charity.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS. The bill is based
upon the same principle as the bills passed
for the relief of sufferers by the fire in Chicago,
but as objection is made to it, I will ask that
it be referred to the Committee of Ways and
JVEeaiis
The'bill (H. R. No. 2760) was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. McCiury] gave notice last week
that to-day afier the morning hour he would
call up the contested-election case of Gid-
diugs vs. Clark, from the State of Texas. The
Chair will ask the gentleman to give way for
such other business as may be disposed of
without a call of the yeas and nays.
Mr. McCRARY. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
UKNKRAL AMNESTY.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
House instructed the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to report an amnesty bill containing the
names of all the persons for the removal of
whose disabilities application has been made
to Congress. The other day the committee re-
ported such a bill, contaiuingsome fifteen or six-
teen thousand names. The bill was ordered to be
printed and recommitted. Since then amend-
ments have been proposed, including some
twenty five more pages of additional names.
I have also been instructed by the committee
to report a general amnesty bill instead, which
I now do.
The bill was read as follows:
A bill to rcmovo the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States.
lie it enacted by the. Senate and ffonie of Represent-
<xhvc8 of the United States oj Aniericd in Congress
assembled, (two thirds of ciich House concurring
therein,) That ail legal and political disabilities
imposed by the third section of the fourteenth arti-
cle of the Constitution of the United States are
hereby removed from all persons whomsoever, ex-
cept Senators and Representatives of the Thirty-
Sixth and Thirty-Seventh Congress, officers in the
judicial, military, and naval service of the United
States, heads of Departments, and foreign ministers
of the United Statos.
Mr. YOUNG. Why not pass both bills?
Mr. COX. I hope we will have a general
amnesty bill passed at once.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As it
must take a two-thirds vote to pass the general
bill I have reported, I will move to suspend
the rules and pass it now.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. COX. My point of order is that there
is so much noise and confusion here that we
cannot hear what is going 011.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order most emphatically. Monday,
which of all days should have the most perfect
order, on account of the amount and character
of the business usually transacted, is nearly
always a day of the greatest disorder. Gentle-
men will resume their seats, and refrain from
conversation. The Chair will not entertain
any business whatever until order has been
restored.
. After some time,
Mr. COX said: I desire to inquire if this
bill comes before us as the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
House will bear with me I will make a brief
statement.
Mr. COX. I have asked the question,
whether it comes from the committee under
the instructions of the House?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. • It does.
Mr. COX. If that ia not the case I will
raise a point of order on the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose this debate is
by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. I will not object to a
brief debate
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
no more necessary business to be transacted by
Congress than this. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, in obedience to the instructions of the
House, have reported a bill which covers some
sixteen or seventeen thousand names. That
