1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2485:
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Ambrose N. Dunn, of Macon, Missouri,
praying compensation for timber taken in the
erection of defenses in Macon by United States
troops, reported a bill (S. No 982) for the
relief of Ambrose N. Dunn, of Macon, Mis-
souri ; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom ■
was referred the bill (S. No. 867) authorizing
the Secretary of War to correct an Army offi-
cer's record, reported it without amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R.No. 1942)
for the relief of D. C. Farrell, of Peoria, Illi-
nois, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report thereon; which was ordered
to he printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 409) for the relief of
Rear Admiral Thomas Turner, reported it
without amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 27) to provide for the sale of certain lots
and lands in South Carolina belonging to the
United States, and for other purposes, have
directed me to report it back adversely. A
bill was passed by the Senate yesterday that
embraces the subject-matter of this bill, and
we think supersedes the necessity of any legis-
lation on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referied the bill (S. No. 926) to
incorporate the Catholic Total Abstinence
Union of America, have directed me to report
it back adversely. The laws in existence author-
ize any number of persons in the District of
Columbia to form an association and incorpor-
ate themselves without any specific action of
Congress, and in the opinion of the committee
these parties may do so under the general law
without passing a specific bill for that purpose
so far as organizing in the District of Columbia
is concerned : but a general incorporation act
extending throughout the United States the
committee thought would not be proper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom were referred a memorial of members of
the bar of Virginia, praying for the establish-
mentof a clerk's office of the United States cir-
cuit and district courts at Alexandria, in the
State of Virginia; also the bill (S. No. 903) to
amend an act to divide the State of Virginia into
two judicial districts, approved February 3,-
1871; also the bill (S. No. 682) to amend an
act entitled "'Ar, act to divide the State of Vir-
ginia into two judicial districts," which pro-
vides for courts and clerks at Norfolk, have
instructed me to ask to be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition, and
to report back both bills adversely. They are
in reference to she appointment of additional
clcrks
Mr. JOHNSTON. These bills were intro-
duced by my colleague, and I ask that they be
placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition, and the bills will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 781) to provide for completing
the collection of the United States direct tax
apportioned to the several States and Terri-
tories of the United States by act of Congress
approved August 5, 1801, to leport it back
with several amendments, and also to ask that
certain official papers in regard to the bill be
printed. I desire to state that this bill has
been twice reported from the Committee on
Finance and ought to pass; but the difficulty
in getting an agreement of the Senators from
the southern States as to the collection of the
tax in those States has prevented me hereto-
fore from calling it up. It is a bill which in
rny judgment ought to pass. I think it is not
in our power to remit the taxes in those States.
That would be a violation of the provision of
the Constitution which declares that all taxes
shall be equal; but how they can be collected
and enforced is a question of great difficulty.
This bill provides for the collection of the
rest of those taxes. Congress ought either
to remit them, provide for their collection, or
authorize in some way the States to assume
them, because now the machinery of the sys-
tem is kept up, but the taxes are still uncol-
lected. The question presents a pretty diffi-
cult problem ; but this bill provides for their
collection according to the existing law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The papers
accompanying the bill will be ordered to be
printed, and the bill will be placed on the
Calendar.
INTERNATIONAL. OCEAN TELEGRAPH.
Mr. OSBORN. I ask unanimous consent to
take up Senate bill No. 429 for consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina, at the opening of the j
session, obtained consent for the remainder
of the morning hour for a bill in which he is ]
interested. The Senator from Florida, how-
ever, asks unanimous consent for the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 429) supplement-
ary to an act entitled "An act to aid in the
construction of telegraph lines, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, andotherpurposes," approved
July 24, I860. '
Mr. POMEROY. It is merely to allow the
company io preempt two pieces of land on the
coast of Florida.
There being no objection, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
to strike out the preamble to the bill in the
following words:
Whereas the act entitled "An act to aid in the
construction of telegraph lines, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes,"approved July 21,1S6S, author-
ised certain telegraph companies to preempt and
use certain public lands subject to preemption ; and
whereas by the provisions of an act entitled " An
act for the disposal of the public lands for home-
stead actual settlement in the States of Alabama,
Mississippi. Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida,"
passed June 21,1866, public lands in those States
are declared to bo not subject to preemption : and
whereas the International Ocean Telegraph Com-
pany, a corporation organized under the laws of the
State of New York, and owning and maintaining a
line of telegraph in the State of Florida, has com-
plied with the conditions of the aloresaid act, and
tiled its acceptance with the Postmaster General
under date of January 19,1871. and the Postmaster
General has fixed the tariff of rates for messages
over the lines of the aforesaid company: Now,
therefore.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendments were to so modify
the bill as to make it read-:
That the International Ocean Telegraph Com-
pany shall have the right to preempt and use public
lands at the following stations in Florida on the
line of telegraph belonging to the said telegraph
company, to wit: at the two ends of the caoles on
Sinabel Island, the station at Punta Easa. near the
month of the Caloosahatchie river, the station at
Fort Myers, the points where the line of telegraph
crosses the Oaloosahatehie river, ten acres en each
bank of the river; at the station at Pine Island, and
the stations at Branch river, Bartow, and Tucker-
town, each forty acres: such lands being public
land-, and now actually used by the International
Ocean Telegraph Company of the State of New
York: Provided, That whenever any one ot tnc
smallest legal subdivisions at one of the stations
designated is less than forty acres by reason of the
land lying adjacent to the Gulf of Mexico, or any
bay or river, the said company shall preempt only
such smallest fractional subdivision upon which the
buildings and offices of the company are located.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. CONKLING. I wigh to ask the Seua-
tor from Florida one question merely. Does
this interfere with the rights which have been
obtained by any other company?
Mr. OSBORN. No, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. It does not interfere
with any vested right?
Mr. OSBORN. None whatever.
Mr. POMEROY. These lands were with-
drawn from preemption by special act of Con-
gress, and that, prevented the company from
getting title which they could otherwise have
got. That act put all the lands in the south-
ern States in the hands of homestead settlers.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no company
now using and occupying these lands that
will be deprived of their right by this bill, as I
understand ?
Mr. OSBORN. None whatever.
Mr. POMEROY. None has any such rights
but this company.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the Senate to take up
a bill that has been reported by a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois desires to call up, by unanimous
consent, a bill.
Mr. LOGAN. It is Senate bill No. 749, for
the relief of persons to whom the Governors of
the Northwest and Indiana Territories eon-
firmed lands, which lands were afterward sold
by the United States.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not like to object to
the consideration of it if it will not give rise
to debate, but I want the few minutes which
have been accorded me by the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot say as to its causing
debate. The reading of the report I should
say would be a sufficient discussion of the bill
to satisfy the Senate as to its merits.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator from Illinois came int® the Chamber the
Senator from South Carolina renewed a request
made yesterday, to have about twenty orthirty
minutes of the morning hour after the morn-
ing business for a bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor in regard to
the transit of Venus, he desiring to speak upon
it. If the Senator does not object, that bill
will now be taken up.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to interfere
with the Senator. Of course if it interferes,
let it go over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is useless. I have
been looking into that bill and it will require a
good deal of investigation, and perhaps con -
siderable discussion, before we can pass it.
Mr. LOGAN. Do you refer to cases where
certificates are to he given in lieu of lands?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes. the Kaskaskia case.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I cannot urge it now.
I give notice, however, to the Senator from
Vermont that I will call it up to-morrow morn-
ing if there is no objection, and ask that it be
considered.
CHEROKEE TREATY.
Mr. IIARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1490) to carry out certain provisions of
the Cherokee treaty of 1866, for the relief of
settlers on the Cherokee lands in the State of
Kansas, have instructed me to leport it, With
an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. That has passed the Sen-
ate twice. 1 should think we could pass that
T>v unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina has stated that he cannot
give way further this morning.
