1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1589
bill (S. No. 799) to amend an act, to regu-
late the foreign and coasting trade on the north-
ern, northeastern, and northwestern frontiers
of the United States, and for other purposes ;
which was read twice by its title, and, with a
memorial on the subject, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
amendments to appropriation bills
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, submitted amendments intended
to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No. 1192)
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
vaiious Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1870, and for other purposes ; which were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, submitted amendments in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1323) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic service of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1873, and for other
purposes; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
railroad i\t florida.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business, the bill called up by
unanimous consent on the suggestion of the
Senator from Florida will be taken up.
Mr. OSBORN. The bill has been read.
An amendment was offered by the Senator
from Vermont which 1 have accepted.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
754) granting the right of way through the
public lands for the construction of a railroad
and telegraph in Florida.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe an
amendment was offered by me on a former
occasion.
Mr. OSBORN. I accept it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill is before
the Senate reported by a committee, and a
Senator cannot accept an amendment without
the consent of the Senate.
Mr. EDM (JNDS. I should like to hear the
bill read.
The bill was read.
The amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Ver-
mont, was to strike out the following words
in section two :
Said company shall be authorized and empowered
to mortgage, in the usual manner, their franchise,
road-bed, and all property belonging thereto, to an
amount not to exceed $30,000 per average mile for
the road and branch : and such mortgage, and all
bonds issued under such mortgage, shall be regis-
tered in the Department of the Interior, under such
regulations and restrictions as the Secretary shall
prescribe.
So that if amended the sectioa will read :
That said road shall be a post-route and a mili-
tary road; and Congress at any time, having due
regard for the rights of said company, may fix rates
of tariff for transportation of troops, materials of
wnr, and mails, and may add to, alter, or amend
this act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
that the Senator from Florida accepts the
amendment proposed by me.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move
to amend section one. It appears here that
this company are allowed to have forty acres
of land at each station. It seems to me that
is a very large amount, I do not know how
many stations they might multiply.
Mr. POMEROY. Thatis the smallest legal
sub-division we have of public land.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is a very
large amount, it seems to me, and they may
multiply their stations to any extent.
Mr. POMEROY. They would not multiply
their stations oftener than they wanted them
for the mere sake of getting forty acres of land
at a station.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then the
grant for the roadway is two hundred feet on
each side, making four hundred feet roadway,
which seems to me rather large. I merely
call the attention of the Senate to these two
provisions. It strikes me that they are liberal,
and I think extravagant.
Mr. OSBORN. Forty acres is the smallest
subdivision known to the surveys of the Uni-
ted States, and the right of way for four hun-
dred feet is the entire length of the road
through a forest, an unsettled country entirely.
I really thought that the committeee had
reported a bill granting as little as it was pos-
sible to grant and give the right of way.
Mr. MORB1LL, of Vermont. I move to
insert ''one" in lieu of "two," in line four-
teen of section one; so as to read, "one
hundred feet in width on each side."
Mr. OSBORN. I think that is a very use-
less amendment, but I will sumbit to the action
of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I am quite reluctant t.o interpose an objection
or to say anything in a general way which
might be construed to interpose an objection to
thedesiresof my honorablefriendfrom Florida;
but I have an impression that it would not be
well for the Congress of the United States at
this session, or indeed at any session, to go
much further in the direction in which we have
been going since 1866, and particularly not at
the rate we have been going. If I do not greatly
misunderstand the legislation of the country
in these years on the subject of laud grauts,
when it comes to be understood precisely in
its significance and in its extent it will be
found to furnish the most extraordinary chap-
ter in the history of legislation in this or any
other country upon any subject, and particu-
larly when you consider that we are legislating
in regard to the most precious rights that any
people, especially in a couutry like ours, can
possibly act upon. Why, sir, since that period,
since I860, we have probably conveyed by land
grants to railways, and for other purposes, an
amount in square miles and in acres double
the amount of the original territory of the
United States; and I believe it will be found
upon examination to-day that there are upon
the tables of the two Houses bills for laud
grants for various purposes, for railroads and
other purposes, covering at least hundreds of
millions ofacres of the public domain proposed
to be granted for entirely new schemes.
But I do not now rise to enlarge upon that
particular subject; but in this legislation, that
which I think is particularly pernicious, and
for which some day we shall be called to an
account, and which will inevitably affect the
public credi to this country at home and
abroad, is the extravagant manner in which
we have made these grants. I do not rise so
much to criticise this bill as offensive, but as
it illustrates the general system that I regard
as pernicious and'as affecting the public in-
terests in the most injurious manner, to draw
attention to it, and to this whole class of
measures.
Now what are we about to do? We are
about to confer certain rights and privileges
upon a company chartered by a State. What
is that State charter? What is that enterprise
which we arc about now to give our counte-
nance to, to which we are to give the right of
way through the public domain of the country
wherever they choose to go, with such branches
as may hereafter be deemed expedient?
Mr. OSBORN. One branch.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, onebrauch.
What is that public highway which we are now
called upon to indorse? Does anybody know?
Does anybody know the terms or limitations
of the charter ? Is there any map or any plan ?
If I vote for this bill, can I tell where the road
begins and where it ends? Of course we can-
not. It is to indorse a road called the Great
Southern railway, somewhere in Florida.
Where does it begin? Nobodyknows, Where
doesitend? Nobody can tell. Through what
portion of the public domain does it go 1 No-
body knows. When was it chartered ? No-
body tells. What are the conditions of the
charter? None of us know? What, are the
obligations of the charter? We cannot tell.*
Is it of any use to the people of that State or
to us? Nobodyknows.
I do not think this is peculiar to the present
bill; but I take occasion to say that it illus-
trates a great deal .of the legislation since 1866,
which Congress some time or other will be
held amenable for; and when the people of
this country open their eyes to the facts as
to what we have been doing with the public
domain, and when they are told that the west-
ern country is covered all 'over and being
covered all over where there is an acre of
land which for any consideration you can lay
your hands on through a corporation, either
State, territorial, or national; that your pre-
emption laws are set aside and suspended for
indefinite periods, while men go about the
country at home and abroad with the bonds
of sham corporations, to a veiy great extent,
in their pockets to raise the wind, and that,
too, under the credit of this Government—so
far as we countenance them here by our in-
fluen cc—I mistake not if it do not create sur-
prise. So far as we give enormous land grants
to these enterprises, and thereby give them
credit, we are responsible for their actions;
and this responsibility will come back to us,
and it will come back to us in m^ny ways. If
you do not hear the wail of an indignant peo-
ple whenever they awake to the stupendous
effect of this class of legislation in regard to
the public domain. I shall think then they are
insensible to their most vital interests.
That is not quite to my purpose now, how-
ever. I am discussing  
Mr. POMEROY. 1 do not like to interrupt
the Senator, but he has made a statement
which I never heard of before. I want to
know where the preemption laws have been
set aside.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Everywhere
that you withdraw the public lands.
Mr. POMEliOY. No, sir; no preemption
law has been set aside at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Are not the
lands withdrawn from sale the moment the
grants are made?
Mr. POMEROY. There never was a grant
made yet that did not cxcept every preemp-
tion and homestead settler at the date of the
grant.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Existing preemptions;
but you withdraw the lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I know
something about this matter; but I am on
another point now.
Mr. POMEROY. Not intending to reply
to the Senator, I want to say 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And you had
better not interrupt me either. [Laughter. J
But I have no objection to yielding".
Mr. POMEUOV. Go on, if you do not want
to be interrupted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course the
lands are always withdrawn the moment the
graut is made. What is the object of a rail-
way grant ? It is to get the alternate sections,
and if they are not withdrawn, how does it
get them? If they are not withdrawn from
sale and occupation, how are they gotten?
There is nothing more common than to get a
grant of land for ten years; that is to say,
the grantees may hold the land for ten years,
and then come in and ask a renewal or exten-
sion of the grant. But I do not care to be
diverted to that point; I did not rise to dis-
cuss that: I rose to discuss the impropriety
of legislating further in this direction at the
present time, and especially in this way at all.
I was saying that we are asked to give a
right of way here to a railroad, said to be
incorporated by a State, about which we have
not the first particle of evidence as to whether
