4278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
renewed in the Senate. I hope now we, may
be flowed to vote on the motion to strike out
the section without any further debaie.
Mr. STEWART. I do not believe in fili-
bustering in the Senate 
Mr. StlERMA N. Let us take a vote.
Mr. STEWART. Let me make a remark.
The Senate is very thin. A large number of
Senators are away, as is well known. This
amendment, as it seems to me—I may_ be
wrong about it—involves a different principle
from anything that the Senate has done here
tofore It is what I never expected to see the
Senate do. I think it is just the same as pay-
ing the rebel debt. I do not think any propo-
sition could come up worse in principle than
this is. That is my view of it. That being
my view of it, 1 should not like it to receive
the sanc'ion of having been carried even in
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why, then, did not the
Senator raise a point of order upon it? It was
not in older.
Mr. S I'EWART. It is in the House bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the amendment of
the Senator from Sou'h Carolina changes the
law. 11 is a, clear violation of the rule. It'I
had been here, 1 should have made the point
of order that ii violates the rule which prohibits
legislation on this bill. ,
Mr. COLE. That, objection was made by
the Senator Irom Nevada to ihe House propo-
sition, the whole section itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; it does not
apply to that at all.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Nevada
objected to the House proposition.
Mr. STEWART. 1 did object to that, but
I am nmeh more opposed to tliia.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House proposition
doe< not change the law. They still liave to
prove their loyalty under that proposition.
Mr. STEWART. Hut as the matter now
stands I do not want the vote to be taken upon
it at a lime when Senators are absent. If they
hud been here this morning, and then went
away after this matter was sprung upon the
Somite, 1 should not have anything to say ;
but they have gone away on an occasion when
it is regarded as a matter of courte-y not, to
take advantage of their absence. To sanction
this principle of paying persons who had these
contracts ami subsequently engaged in the re-
bellion, inking the i reposition as it now stands
willioiit tli cussing it. further, it seems to me
is so IWr wrong ihat we ought to have a lull
Senate when  c vote upon it, and I submit it,
ought not to be pressed to-night.; and while J
do not wish to consume lime, if it is to be
pie<seil I hIk.11 feet it my duty to do what 1
can to resist it.
1 now move, if I am in oider, to reconsider
the amendment di jiensing with proot of loy-
altv. It is I rue I did not, vote tor the propo-
f-iiion, but I lie yens and naysweie not. called
upon it, and I believe I have the right, 10 move
to reconsider.
Mr. U0B15RTS0N. I make the point of
order on ihat.
The I'RESI DING OFFICER. If there was
no division, and no vote by yeas and nays, the
Senator tins a right, to move a ^consideration.
Mr. UOBKIi'l SDN. There was a division.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there is much
forte in what, the Senator Irom Nevada has
said. Here is a proposition that is regarded
by the Senate as very important. The Senate
is very tliin. A buxe number of Senators
have l-.dt upon a quadieiuual occasion upon
which we always lay aside any business in
which absent Senators may be interested
Whatevervoi.e may be taken now, as the Sen-
ator from Ohio says, will be revised in the
Senate, as we are now in Committee of the
\\ hole. Would it not be lor the dispatch of
business, and for that fairness with which we
always conduct business tiere, to allow this
matter to pass by for the present and proceed
to the other amendments, of which the Senator
from California informs me there are more
than fifiytipon his files, that are to be proposed
in Commiitee of the Whole 1 By so doing we
shall push the hill on toward a final vote a
great deal more than by discussing this matter.
Let this be passed over for the p.-esent; let us
take up the other amendments, and then when
the Senate is full, or ought to be full, let us go
back and act upon this measure.
I would not insist on postponing action when
Senators were absent upon any ordinary occa-
sion or for any unreasonable excuse, but Sen-
ators on this side of the Chamber are absent
now attending a convention of great import-
ance. Some of them are delegates It has
always been a custom when a national con-
vention was silting, of either party, that mat-
ters of particular consequence to those who
were absent should not he decided. Gener-
ally the Senate lias taken a recess on such
occasions. We have not done so, and 1 should
not have been in favor of doing it now. But
let us pa^s this by and take up those measures
upon which there is no difference of opinion
that would he affected by those who are absent,
and then come back to this when we have a
full Senate, which we shall have to do finally,
for anything we do now is only preliminary,
subject to revision when the bill comes into
the Senate.
Mr. THUHMAN. Isuggest to the Senator
that the trouble about that is that, the absent
Senators will not be here to morrow. They
will remain in Philadelphia certainly to-
morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. If they should not be
here to-morrow, we have the river and harbor
bill, which generally takes   day, and we have
the fortification bill, which is ot some conse-
quence, though I suppose it can be passed in
a very few minutes; and if vve pass two of
the three bills ihat we must pas* before we
adjourn we shall then have only this bill left,
and certainly by Friday the Senators will be
back. If they are not back then, I do not
ihuik thev will be entitled to any further
Considerai ion.
Mr. THUUMAN. Itcannot.be denied, and
it has been avowed here to-night, that there
is a disposition to prolong this session beyond
Monday, and to prolong it I do not know how
long, or if that cannot be done, to loree the
Executive into calling an extia session.
Mr. ANTHONY'. That is what I do not
want done. 1 want Congress to adjourn oil
Monday.
Mr. THITRMAN. So do 1.
Mr. AN I'HONY. And in tr.y judgment the
best way to adjourn Congress on Monday is to
intermit, this business, upon which we cannot
ajd'ee, and proceed io business which must be
done, upon which we can agree, or at least
upon whteh vve can agree to dtsa^ice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island has spoken his five
minutes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I liave not spoken to-
day before, and let me go oil one minute
lousier.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent the Senator will proceed.
Mr. ANTHONY'. Let us now take up
that portion ol tins business which will not
be affected by the absence of our friends, and
then if we get 1 hrougb with that, let us take
up the river and harbor bill, and the fortifica-
tion bill, and oil Friday take up the disputed
questions on this bill ; and that, in my opin-
ion, will promote an adjournment, on Monday,
which I desire to see accomplished.
Mr. FRELIN'GH UYSEN. I simply desire
to .-ay to the Senator from Ohio, and to the
Senator fiom California, who threw out the
same iiiiimation, that my honest, belief is that
the desire in this part of the Chamber is to
adjourn oil Monday, and that it is a great
mistake for them to suppose any effort has
been made to prolong this session so that an
adjournment should not take place. I sin-
cerely desb-e that Congress may adjourn on
Monday; but 1 agree to all that the Senator
from Rhode Island has said. I think this
subject ought to be passed over, being a very
important question, and a political question,
until the Senate is better filled.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. One Senator has avowed it to
be his desire that we should not adjourn on
Monday, and the actions ol several Senators
speak much louder than his words.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "One swallow does not
make a summer."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think, on the
contrary, the Senator from California misun-
derstood the Senator to whom he alludes, for
that Senator expressly stated that he desifed
to have the business transacted, not that he
desired the session should be continued over
Monday—a very plain and broad distinction.
Mr. COLE. 'The Globe, 1 suppose, will
report, what he said. I think I understood
him distinctly.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Thatis whathe
said, 1 know.
Mr. (JRAGIN. I rise simply to say that I
feel exactly with the Senator from New Jersey
and the Senator from Rhode Island. 1 hope
we may adjourn next Monday. I expect we
shall. I desire very much that this Congress
shall adjourn on Monday next; but I agree
with the Senator from Rhode Island that vve
shall advance business if we pass over this
particular part of the bill and go to the other
parts of it, for it is very clear that this bill
cannot be finally passed before to-morrow
night, and this whole subject will be gone
over again in the Senate, it it isacted upon here
to night. We can make progress, we can econo-
mize lime by going on with the o.her parts of
the bill. There are one or two amendments
reserved already, and one or two more to be
voted upon in the bill, and some that were
ruled out of order will be renewed again. I
fully believe we shall gain time and be more
Certain to adjourn on Monday next by post-
poning this disputed question for the present,.
Tile chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priation!! did not, slate correc ly, if my l'epol-
lectiou is right, the remarks made by ihe Sen-
ator now in the chair, [Mr. Pomeroy.J He
did not, say that he desired the prolongation
of the session. He said he expected it would
lie prolonged beyond Monday ; that he had no
idea we should get thiough properly wi.h the
public business by that time. Whatever his
wish may be, whatever his purpose may be,
it ii be to prolong this session, it is not shared
in certainly by me.
Mr. RAMSEY. This has been a long and
wearisome sitting, and there seems to be no
reason that to inonow we should punish our-
selves again as we have to-day. therefore I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate that
the hour of meeting be changed fiom eleven
o'clock to twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Several Senators. No ; no.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think we can all agree
upon that.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object.
If the Senator would put it at nine o'clock it
would he better.
Mr. RAMSEY. Nine o'clock to-morrow
evening? [Laughter.]
Mr. HAM1L10N, of Maryland. No, sir;
nine o'clock to-morrow morning. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator objects, and
I cannot make the motion.
Mr. AN I'HONY. May I be allowed to say,
although I have consumed my time on this
subject, that in my judgment the road to
adjournment on Monday is to take up those
matters which we are willing to decide in a
thin Senate and postpone until Friday those
matters which a large number of Senators
ihuik ought not to be decided except in a
reasonably full Senate. We are obliged to dr
