3382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13^
bill has been amended with twenty-five addi-
tional pages of names. So far as the commit-
tee are aware, none of those names come
within the classes which have been objected
to upon the floor of this House. Under these
circumstances the committee have instructed
me to report a general bill, removing disabili-
ties from all persons, with the exception of
four classes, which will embrace between two
and three hundred men only in the whole land.
Those classes^ are members of the Thirty-Sixth
and Thirty-Seventh Congresses, judicial and
diplomatic officers of the United States, and
those in the Army and Navy who resigned and
went into the rebellion. Let me say to gen-
tlemen that this is done with a desire to pass
a bill which will remove disabilities from as
many as can be done in the present juncture
of affairs.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow a
question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. COX. Has there not already been
passed by this House a bill precisely identical
with this?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not quite.
Mr. COX. Wherein is the difference t
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There has
been a bill passed by the House and sent to
the Senate, but it contained more exceptions
than this.
Mr. McINTYRE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask liim a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. McINTYRE. Does this bill except
the State judiciary ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
it excludps from amnesty none but members
of the Thirty-Sixth and Thirty-Seventh Con-
gresses, judicial and diplomatic oflieers of the
United States, and officers of the Army and
Navy of the United Stales who left to go into
the rebellion. It excludes nobody else. I
now ask for a vote.
Mr. PEItCK. 1 ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to allow me to ofl'ur an amend-
ment to his bill.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not. amendable.
Mr. PEIiCE. It is well known that if this
bill goes over to the Senate the Senate will
taek on to it a civil rights bill ; so wc may as
well pass such a bill, if we expect this to
become a law.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask that the bill reported
from the committee containing specific names ;
may also be considered and passed after this
bill has been disposed of, so that both bills
may go to the Senate.
Mr. BUT I, lilt, of Massachusetts. We are
willing that both hills should be passed.
Mr. COX. I understand from the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that this bill is wider
in its scope than that which the House bus
already passed, and which is now before the
Senate. I understand that it covers all those
whose names are embraced in the specific bill.
Mr. BUTLER,of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. If that is the easel think there
ought to be no objection to the passage of this
bill. It is perhaps one of the results of Mr.
Greeley's nomination at Cincinnati. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no;
it is the result of the speech of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Vooriiees.]
Mr. HOAR. Is there not an ambiguity in
the language of this bill? It does not appear
from its terms whether it is intended to include
in the exemption persons who merely held the
offices named or those who held them at the
time the rebellion broke out.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That ques-
tion came up in committee, and we thought
that the meaning of the bill, considered in
connection with the constitutional amend-
ment, was clear.
Mr. DAWES. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Butlkr] whether he will not admit a modi-
fication. I think the bill should show spe-
cifically that amnesty is withheld from those
who committed acts of rebellion while mem-
bers of Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. Some of them resigned.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. I rise to a question
of order. I understand that the original bill
was reported from the Judiciary Committee
under special instructions from this House.
It was a special bill. It is not therefore, 1 sub-
mit, in order for any other bill to be reported.
The SPEAKER. It would not bo in order
under the rules; but this is a motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say that it
conforms to the purpose of the committee;
and I am very sure that it will conform to the
wishes of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
who reports the bill, that after this general
bill is pupsed we should take up and pass the
specific bill.
Mr. ELDltEDGE. I desire to say that this
is the best and most liberal bill on this subject
that has ever been passed by this House.
Mr. HALE. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that the phrase-
ology of the bill should be amended so as to
say "fourteenth article of the amendments
of the Constitution" instead of "fourteenth
article of the Constitution."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The dif-
ference is immaterial; but I do not object to
the modification.
The SPEAKER. If there bo no objection,
the modification will bo made.
'There was no objection.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules and puss the bill, it was
agreed to; two thirds voting in favor thereof.
So the bill (II. R. No. 27(>1) was passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
report back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary the bill (H. R. No. 25(54) containing
specific names. It. is entitled "A bill to
relieve certain persons named therein from
the legal and political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States."
Mr. COGHLAN. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that tins is not the bill which the
Committee on the Judiciary were instiucted
to report; that they have left out the name of
John G. Pressley, of Sonoma county, Califor-
nia, which they were instructed to report. I
ask leave that that name be inserted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I desire to
have several names inserted.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield for amendments inserting
additional names?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do.
The SPEAKER. Members will then send
to the desk the various names they desire
inserted.
By unanimous consent additional names
sent up by various members were inserted in
the bill.
Mr. PEItRY, of Ohio. I move to amend
by adding at the end of the bill "and all
other persons."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
yield for that amendment. I do not want to
be amnestied myself. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. There isso much confusion
in the House, and such an apparent indispo-
sition on the part of members to attend to any
public business, the Chair would be obliged to
some gentleman to move to adjourn, as it
seems to be impossible to preserve order.
Mr. SPBER, of Georgia. I make that mo-
tion, Mr. Speaker, and move that the House
do now adjourn. [Laughter.]
The motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair infers what he
could not before, that the members desire to
do business by refusing to adjourn.
The bill now before the committee, reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, is the
bill which the House authorized that commit-
tee to report at any time. It embraces tha
names of all persons the removal of whose-
disabilities has been asked for on the part of any
member of the House. The privilege accord-
ed to the Committee on the Judiciary was
limited to one report, and that was done on
the motion of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Ei.miedgk.] Since then the Chair has
declined to entertain motions for special am-
nesty on Monday afternoon, and he would
continue so to decline.
Mr. ELDliEDGE. It will be bornein mind
I made the suggestion in order that all the
names might come before the House in one
report.
The SPEAKER. So the Chair understands,
that the privilege accorded to the Committee
on the Judiciary was limited to one report, in
order to embrace the names of all persons
whose disabilites were desired to be removed.
Mr. ELDREDGE. My motion was made
in order to prevent the Committee on the
Judiciary from reporting oti this question by
piece-meal.
The SPEAKER. Certainly; and the Chair
desires to on force that understanding on the
part of the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And I
desire to say, Mr. Speaker, that I have held
this bill back to afford opportunity for the
introduction of the names of all persons whose
disabilities were asked to be removed.
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill includes the
names of everybody but about one hundred
and fifty persons.
Mr. SHELDON. I notice there are some
fifty from Louisiana named in this bill whose
disabilities have already been provided for,
who were relieved by previous acts.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, even if that be so,
do not let it be an obstruction in the way of
the passage of this bill.
Mr. SIIKLDON. Very well.
Mr. RA1NEY. I desire to make a few
remarks before the vote is taken on this bill.
A Memhuu. How long does the gentleman
want ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope we will take a vote
on this bill without any discussion. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have taken up no time
to discuss it.
Mr. RAINEY. I do not want more than
five minutes.
The SPUAKER. If there be no objection,
the gentleman will be allowed to proceed for
five minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. RAINEY. Mr. Speaker, there is no
member on this floor who hails with greater
satisfaction and gratification than myself a bill
of this description, having for its avowed pur-
pose the removal of those disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth article of the amendments
to the Constitution of the United States upon
those lately in rebellion. There are many
who are uuder these disabilities for whom
I entertain the highest respect and esteem.
I regretted that their course of action in the
past made it necessary for Congress to impose
on them any disabilities whatever. It is not
the disposition of my constituency that those
disabilities should longer he retained on them.
We are desirous, sir, of being magnanimous; it
may be that we are so to a fault; nevertheless,
we have open and frank hearts toward those
who were our former oppressors and taskmas-
ters. We foster no enmity now, and we desire to
foster none for their acts in the past to us, nor
to the Government we love so well. But while
we are willing to accord them their enfran-
chisement, and here to-day give our votes that
they may be amnestied ; while we declare our
hearts open and free from any vindictive feel-
ings toward them, we would say to those gen-
tlemen on the other side, and also to those on
this side who are representing more directly
the sentiment and wishes of our disfranchised
