1590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
it was a proper thing for the State to do ;
whether that corporation has any means to
build the road; whether they are sham men,
paper men, or real men who want to engage
in a bona fide enterprise for the benefit of
the State; whether it is somebody who has
gotten up a paper charter and desires now to
get a backing by the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and then raise the wind here or
abroad, I do not know, nor do any of us
know; and I say that is the objection to all
this kind of legislation. When Congress is
asked to aid an enterprise in a State, there
ought to be an enterprise to be aided, and it
ought to be a valid enterprise; it ought to be
such a one as will commend itself to our judg-
ment. There ought to be a charter and a
survey. It ought to be such an enterprise as
that we can say it is a proper thing for the
Government of the United States to lend its
aid to. We ought to be informed upon that
subject.
Now, let me go a little further. My honor-
able friend from Vermont has called attention
to the fact—and I do not mention to criticise
it except in the same direction—that four hun-
dred feet, two hundred feet on each side of
the road, are to be granted for right of way.
Does anybody mean to say that, in any other
sense than a disposition to cover over just so
much land as you can with these corporations,
anybody would think of asking for twenty-four
rods of road-way simply for one single track
railway? Everybody knows that is absurd.
Four or six rods, you will find, is the extent
of your road-ways for railroads running all
through the States. Why is this addition
necessary here? Simply to cover up the land.
Then we are told the company must have
forty acres at each station. Why? Because
that is the least amount of land that is known
to exist in our surveys. Would it be unlawful
to take a less amount of land than that? I
suppose it would not. If an acre or two acres
would answer the purpose, it is not absolutely
necessary to take forty. 1 only mention it in
passing to show that all these things are gotten
up in the idea of spreading just as much over
the public lands as is practicable.
Now look at the second section a moment,
and see whether we arc disposed to go into a
thing of that sort: "Said company shall be
authorized and empowered to mortgage " 
Mr. OSBORN. That is stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The second
section?
Mr. OSBORN. That provision as to mort-
gage is stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is the second
section of the bill stricken out?
Mr. OSBORN. All excepting the last few
lines making it a post route.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is what I am
reading stricken out: "said company shall be
authorized and empowered to mortgage?"
Mr. OSBORN. All is stricken out down to
the word "prescribe."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask that the
Secretary read the second section as it stands.
The Chief Ci.erk. Section two, as amended,
now reads:
That said road shall be a post route and a military
road ; and Congress at any time, bavins: duo regard
for the rights of said company, may fix rates of tariff
for transportation of troops, materials of war, and
mails, and may add to, alter, or amend this act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then the remark
I was about to make would be gratuitous, I see.
I was looking at the printed bill as it was
before me, reported by the committee.
Mr. OSBORN. The road way is also re-
duced to two hundred feet.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that; but, Mr. President, if attention had not
been called to these points, you would see the
predicament in which we should be. I only
remark upon it to show the necessity there
is of paying some regard to this class of legis-
lation. I have had occasion within a few
months to examine'this matter, and our stat-
utes are full of precisely such legislation as
this, where Congress has undertaken to say
what a corporation may or may not do, under
a State charter; a thing so absurd that it would
strike the legal sense of the Senate as per-
fectly ridiculous.
Just let us consider a moment: " Said com-
pany shall be authorized and empowered to
mortgage in the usual manner their franchise,
road-bed," &c. That is to say, the Congress
of the United States undertakes to tell some
gentlemen who have gone to the State of
Florida and obtained a charter what they may
do under that charter, just as if the Congress
of the United States had the power to enlarge
the powers of the corporators under a State
charter. This thing is frequently done; we
are doing it all the time ; and we have got in
this loose way of doing these things, so that
almost anything in the way of a bill for a rail-
road improvement may go through this Senate
in the morning hour, and nothing is more
common. I venture to say that if gentlemen
will look at the legislation in regard to the
great southern transcontinental railways, the
bills for which were passed, one in 1866, and
another one at a later period, in 1870 or 1871,
they will think it most extraordinary that such
bills as those could have gone through the
Congress of the United States and challenged
no opposition ; and they will be more aston-
ished still when they wake up to the fact that
there arc two great railroads across this coun-
try, starting at points not very far apart and
running parallel to each other, both of them
claiming to be southern roads, and endowed
as no railroads ever heretofore were endowed,
except that on the extreme north, the Northern
Pacific.
But, Mr. President, I shall have accom-
plished all I desire if I call the attention of
the Senate to this sort of legislation, and I do
it because I think it is high time that the Con-
gress of the United States gave to this subject
precisely that calm consideration which we
are accustomed to give to subjects that involve
very much less interest than these subjects do.
Mr. POMEROY. I only want to say in a
single word, because I -do not like to occupy
the morning hour, that the criticisms on the
land grants which have been made are unjust,
in one respect. There is no such amount of
land granted as is represented. There is now
pending on the table, reported by another
committee, one bill that grants more land
than all the land that has been patented by
the United States to all the railroads since the
country was settled.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What bill is
that ?
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor has reported a bill giving a
million acres to each agricultural college in
the United States. If there is only one in a
State, that would piake thirty seven millions,
and there are some States that have got more
than one. Twenty-six million acres is all
the land that was patented up to the last year
to all the railroads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But what has
been granted to railroads?
Mr. POMEROY. We cannot tell what is
absolutely granted for this reason : you mul-
tiply the length of the road by the number of
acres granted per mile, and you have what is
nominally granted; but they get no such
amount of land. It was reported to Congress
last year that a road in my State had received
seventeen hundred thousand acres because the
person making the calculation took the whole
length of the road and multiplied by the num-
ber of acres, but when we came to go to the
office to find out what they really had got, they
had less than one thousand acres, because the
land was taken and occupied before the grant
was made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask my honorable friend whether he does not
know that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office reports upon a resolution of the
House of Representatives calling for such a
report that the land grants amount to two hun-
dred and eighty-six million acres granted?
Mr. POMEROY. I do; and I know that
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
had his attention called to it, and it was found
that there was no truth in the report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No truth init?
Mr. POMEROY. None.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Were there not
any lands granted ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; but there was
no truth in the report that so much was granted
as there was estimated. He simply put the
resolution in the hands of a clerk, and he took
the length of the roads and multiplied that
quantity by the number of acres granted per
mile, and in that way made the estimate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator a question. I ask whether the rail-
road companies do not postpone taking out
their patents when they are fairly and really
entitled to them for the express purpose of
avoiding taxes and not bearing their share of
the expenses of local government? I ask
whether that is not the reason?
Mr. POMEROY. That may be true. I do
not know anything about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask whether that is not
the reason why so little has been patented
while so much has been granted?
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator knows
that fact, he knows more than I do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator if it
is not so ?
Mr. POMEROY. I never beard of it be-
fore. Twenty-six million acres up to last fall
were patented, and yet the Senator goes on
and speaks about hundreds of millions being
granted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is not that true?
Mr. POMEROY. we cannot tell; nobody
can tell how much is granted until it is ascer-
tained what each road gets on its line when it
comes to building.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sena-
tor mean to say that I have exaggerated the
amount of lands granted?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir, not by the report,
that was made to the House of Representa-
tives ; it is precisely as the Senator has said.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then what do
you mean to say ?
Mr. POMEROY. I meant that that report
does not show the state of facts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That report I
undertake to say (from as careful an examina-
tion as the Senator has made, I venture to
assert) does show the fact.
Mr. POMEROY. I took the report to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office
myself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
undertakes to avoid the force of it by saying
that these lands have not been patented. I
made no statement about the lands being pat-
ented. I understand that matter perfectly.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator used the
words "patented to railroads."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I used no such
words. I said they were granted. I am speak-
ing ot land grants; and the Senator from
Kansas knows very well (because, through his
instrumentality, as much as that ot' anybody
else, those lands have been granted) that what
the road does not get within the limits of the
grant it is permitted to pick up outside of the
limits of the grant.
Mr. POMEROY. Within prescribed limits
always.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, within pre-
scribed limits, but limits so largely extended
that there is no apprehension that the full
amount granted will not in the end be ob-
tained. That is true; there is no doubt about
that; the Land Office so understand it, and it
is understood by the railroads that it is to be
