642
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
Ho. of Reps.
Affairs in Louisiana—Mr. Smith.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
favor of a uniform tax of twenty-four cents
per pound ou all grades of chewing and smok-
ing tobacco. AH the interests except the
smoking urged uniformity at some rate. Dele-
gations from all parts of the country poured
m upon us urging all sorts of views. We
were satisfied the smoking interest could not
prosper under,a uniform tax of twenty-four
Cents ; therefore, after a great deal of trouble
and uncertainty, we recommended a uniform
tax of twenty. It was perhaps the best we
could do, with the Department opposing and
resisting a decrease below twenty-four and at
the same time insisting on uniformity, with
the smoking interest opposing an increase
on their product, while tho plug interest waa
clamorous for uniformity at some rate.
Wedid not know, of course, what reductions
would be made in the revenue produced by
tariff taxation, and we had to be careful not to
so far reduce the revenue from tobacco as to
render it impossible to give adequate relief
from the burdens of the tariff, so that a reduc-
tion to a uniform rate of sixteen cents on all
grades of tobacco seemed when our report was
made up rather a hazardous experiment. Now
the result of our tariff reduction is before us
it, falls far short of what I and other members
of the committee desired and hoped for, and I
now see 110 reason why all grades of tobacco
may not safely be reduced to a uniform tax of
sixteen cents and still leave a large surplus
revenue in the Treasury. The table which
1 attach shows a very close approximation
to the tariff reduction, which will be nearly
if not quite made up by our increase of im-
ports:
Estimated reduction of dutiei on articles in bill II.
H. No. 2322.
Duty.
Books, printed, &o„ (no estimate can bo
rnado 
Burlaw, &c.,(noostimatecan be made)..
Chiccory  $02,880 17
Coal     216,254 00
Copper, and manufactures of  S7,7l>3 00
Cotton, manufactures of-  1,077,383 25
Currants, figs, and raisins  1,030,517 80
]?lax dressed, (no estimate can bo
made     
(Jutta-percha, manufactures ot  510 99
Iudia-rubber, manufactures of  53,207 0)
Iron, and manufactures of  1,370,012 1;>
Leather      5"_9,490 00
Lumber, and manufactures of  185,980 57
Metals, and manufacLures of, nor, other-
wise specified    28-1,966 11
Moisie iron, (no estimate can be made)..
Mustard, ground  10,462 96
Newspapors, periodicals, (no estimate
can bo made) 
Oil cloths  2.786 61
Paper, manufacturers of, not included .. 6,101 10
Plate glass, (includes silvered,)  9-1,291 00
Salt  615,522 00
Screws, (embraced in iron reduction)...
Steel, and manufactures of  489,256 26
Straw    65,317 57
Tin in sheets or plates  9-19,077 82
Vermuth, (no estimate can boma.de)..'
Wool, and manufactures of  3,358,274 03
All other articles, including chemicals,
&e  594,944: 52
Total dutiable  11,076,629 56
Freo list  18,569,148 50
Total reduction  $29,645,778 06
With only $29,645,778 06 taken from the
tariff there is no reason why an equal amount
should not be taken from internal revenue
taxation, instead of about thirteen million
dollars as the bill of the comnjittee proposes,
and after the relief we have already given in
taking the tax off gas and the stamps from
matches, checks, &c., I know of no way in
which so much relief could be afforded to one
of the great agricultural interests of the coun-
try as by the reduction of the tax on all grades
ot tobacco to a uniform rate of sixteen cents
per pound. There are other restrictions in the
bill of, the committee oil the producer, such as
the limitation on his sales, the requirement to
tell how he disposed of his product, and such
like annoyances, which ought to be stricken
out. When that is done, the proposed bill will
be a great improvement on the present law.
I might speak of many other matters in detail
but will not, merely desiring to explain the
general scope and object of the bill.
Affairs in Louisiana.
SPEECH OF HON. H. B. SMITH,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
Julie 8, 1872,
On the condition of affairs in Louisiana.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
the people of this country have suffered too
much in saving and guarding their liberties to
put up further with tiicks and shams. Honest
themselves, they demand that politicians shall
deal squarely with them. It were wise, too,
for politicians to bear in mind that they are
intelligent, and are just now in no humor for
fooling.
I have not sought the floor, Mr. Speaker, to
defend bad men in Louisiana. The Repub-
lican party, born of the conscience of this coun-
try, with a muscle made hard in the struggle
with giant wrong, with a career always glori-
ous and always triumphant, because always
just, has no use for white-wash. That is a
good thing for sepulchers, but for a live and
giant party it is too cheap for glory $nd too
thin for strength.
Mr. Speaker, if with the convictions of
ray conscience I should deny that Louisiana
has suffered from adventurers and villains
in official position, f should be guilty of a
dereliction of duty tcf this House as a mem-
ber of your committee, and of gross infi-
delity to the Republican party. I hat party,
sir, like Brutus, is just enough and strong
enough to condemn its first-born to death. I
shall not assert that the Governor of Louisiana
is alone responsible for the troubles in that
State, nor deny that he was elected by Repub-
lican votes. But I do assert that from about
the commencement of his official term he has
been gayly coqueting with the Democratic
party, and that Barkis has been amazingly
"williny that he has appointed more Demo-
crats than Republicans to office, and that with
his first official misconduct, the Republican
party of Louisiana, (except such men as he
held by personal favor and patronage,) led by
pure, noble, and heroic men, arrayed itself
in solid and determined opposition to him.
And, Mr. Speaker, this load of shame would
not have been laid upon Louisiana but for the
fact that the virtuous and while robed Democ-
racy of the State at the critical moment rushed
to his supportand formed with him in January,
1871, an infamous coalition which held the
Republican party in the Legislature in com-
plete subjection, and brought Louisiana to the
depth of humiliation to which she has been
plunged.
Mr. Speaker, let the wailing report of the
Democratic members of this committee go to
the ear of the country. I will not stop to say
the picture is overdrawn, but I invite these
gentlemen to come to the counter and post the
books, that the country may decide who shall
bear the infamy.
The Democratic Legislature of Louisiana of
I860, to which was returned but one Union
man, like every Democratic Legislature in the
Union, contemptuously rejected the fourteenth
amendment, which, bear in mind, did not im-
pose negro suffrage, but made the freedmen
citizens, and abolished the three-fifths repre-
sentation in Congress. Feeling "pity and
kindness" for the freedmen, as Democratic
witnesses testified before your committee, the
same Legislature expelled the Union mem-
ber, who offered a resolution that the United
States flag should be hung over the speaker's
chair, and passed, among others, the follow-
ing laws:
"An act to provide for and regulate labor con-
tracts for agricultural pursuits, which required the
freedmen 'within iheiiist ten day© of the uioutll of
January of each year,' to make contracts for labor
for a whole year before a Justice of the peace and
two " disinterested witnesses,'the heads of families
to make contracts for all the members of the taimly
able to wdrk; the ninth section of which act pro-
vided for a 'common fund,' into which all funds
were to go, to be divided among the laborers, and
by which certain acts of the laborers are declared
to be 'disobedience.' Judgments under this section
were to be entered bythe employer, but, it notsatis-
factory to the freedmen, ' an appeal may be had to
the nearest justice of tho peace and two freeholders,
citizens, one of said citizens to be selected bythe
employer and the other by the laborer.'
"Also, an act to prohibit the carrying of fire-arms
on premises or plantations of any citizen without the
consent of the owner.
" Also, an act to prevent trespassing, which seems
intended to prevent freedmen from leaving the
plantations on which they were employed and from
visiting each other.
" Also, an act making an important ehaftge in the
vagrant law of Louisiana, allowing a justice of the
peace, it would seem, by demanding any sort of a
bond for good behavior in such an aiaouut and with
such sureties as he may choose, which it would be
impossible for the freedmen to procure,to 'hneout'
the latter tor one year to a planter, or to ' cause him
to labor on the public works, roads, and levees.'
"Also, an act to provide for the punishment of
persons lor tampering with, persuading, or enticing
away, harboring, feeding, or secreting laborers, ser-
vants, or apprentices, very stringent in its pro-
visions.
" Also, an act relative to apprentices end inden-
tured servants,authorizing parish officers toappren-
tice ' all persons under tlie age of eighteen years if
females, and twenty-one years if males,' under the
conditions stated. In all cases when tlie age of the
minor eannot bo ascertained by ' recoid testimony,'
tlie officer 'shall fix the age according to the best
evidence belore him.'
" The second section declares ' valid and binding'
contracts made in the United States or ' in a lorcign
country' for the term of five years.
"Also, an act, to punish in certain cases the employ-
ers of laborers or apprentices, intended, it would
seem, to revive the old slavery regulation that col-
ored persons should carry ' written certificates'or
* passes.
Here, sir, was the nest-egg of a new "irre-
pressible conflict," and ot new wars for our
children to fight out.
More than a year before had the prophetic
Lincoln suggested the giving of the right of
suffrage lo tlie blacks of Louisiana, as in some
hour of danger they might '"aid in preserv-
ing the jewel of libeity in the family of free-
dom."
The committee of this House appointed to
investigate the massacre of 1866, at the head
of which was the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabauser,] always just and generous,
reported—
"That it was the determined purpose of the mayor
of the city of New Orleans to break up this conven-
tion (of 1860) by armed force." * * * ■*
" Soon after noon the usual alarm was given, such as
was used when the Federal Army was investing tins
city, and then the combined police,, headed by offi-
cers, and firemen with their companies, rushed with
one will from different parts ot the city toward the
Mechanics' Institute , and the work of butchery
commenced."
That "in the hall and the streets more than
two hundred men were slain and wounded."
That "not one of these men has been punished,
arrested, or complained of," but "were con-
tinued in office."
'lhe present Governor of Louisiana was
elected in the spring of 1868, by a majority
of 17,413. Jn November of the same year
Seymour and Blair cariied the State by a
majority of 46,962. Just prior to the elt c-
tion, as reported by another congress-ional
committee, two thousand freedmen were killed
and wounded in the State, by secret, armed
bands of the K. W. G. and the K. K. K. As
an illustration of how this came about, the
committee reported that in the parish of
Caddo, where, in April, there were 1,242 Re-
publican votes, but one was given for Grant,
