1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
stroyed by the engineer corps of General
Sherman's army in 1864.
Also, the petitions of William T. Hudson,
of Harris county, and Levi S. Russell, of Chat-
ham county, Georgia, asking the removal of
their political disabilities.
By Mr. WALDRON : The memorial of 100
workers in the Wyandotte mills and furuacesr in
the State of Michigan, remonstrating against
any repeal of duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country, asking
for the repeal of duties upon tea and coffee,
and that duties be so adjusted as to encour-
age home industry and foster the interests of
American labor.
By Mr. WILLARD : The petition of Ran-
dall L. Hall and others, of Vermont, pray-
ing some modification of the laws relating
to bounty lands for soldiers, and also the
equalization of bounties.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana: The peti-
tion of letter-carriers of Indianapolis, Indiana,
asking increase of salaries.
Also, the petition of Minerva McFadden, of
Indiana, asking that a pension be granted her.
POST 110CTE BILLS INTRODUCED.
The following were introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads;
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee : A bill to
establish a post route in the State of Ten-
iiesses.
By Mr. DUNNELL: A bill for a post route
from Antrim, county of Watonwan, to Fair-
mont, county of Martin, Minnesota.
By Mr. F1NKELNBURG: A bill to estab-
lish a post road from St. Louis to Hillsboro,
Missouri, via Lemay's Ferry.
By Mr. READ: A bill declaring the road
leading from Buffalo, in the county of La Rue,
State of Kentucky, to Saloma, in the county
of Taylor, in the same State, a post road.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 30, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, 1). D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read aud approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Eli F.
Taylor, of North Carolina, praying an exten-
sion of the time in which to present claims for
military bounty; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petition
of Elizabeth 13. McCorrnick, praying compen-
sation for losses sustained in consequenec of
being ejected from certain property occupied
by her in Washington city, in January, 1864,
by order of the Secretary of War ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SAWYER presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of Charleston, South
Carolina, praying the refunding of the tax
upon raw cotton, levied and collected^ by the
Government of the United States during the
years 1805,1866, and 1867 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SPENCER. I present apetilion of W.
C. Wallace and about eighty others, citizens
of Eufaula, Alabama, who state that they were
reduced to almost abject poverty by losses
growing out of the late unhappy war, short
crops, and low prices for the products of their
soil, and that they were required to pay an un-
just and unequal tax on cotton, their principal
product, when oilier States outside the cotton
belt were not required to pay a similar tax on
the products of their soil. In addition to this
tax on cotton, the petitioners were required to
pay their due share of all other taxes. They
ask that the money paid as cotton tax be re-
funded. I move the reference of the petition
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Mrs. Mary Ann Davis, praying to be allowed
a pension ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition, numerously
signed by workers in iron and steel, at Rome,
New York, remonstrating against any change
of the existing tariff laws abating or abolish-
ing duties upon such articles as are success-
fully produced in this country ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Ho also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying amnesty for offend-
ers in the late rebelliou; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a petition of
wholesale liquor dealers in Leavenworth, Kan-
sas, praying that all taxes on distilled spirits
be consolidated into a single tax and collected
at the distillery bonded warehouses; which
was referred to 1>he Committee on Finance.
Mr. CALDWELL. I also present a memo-
rial of the "Legislature of Kansas, requesting
1he Senators and Representatives from that
State to us.e their influence to secure to the
settlers on the " Cherokee neutral lands" the
benefit of the preemption and homestead laws.
1 move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CALDWELL. I also present a memo-
rial of the Legislature of Kansas, in relation
to the removal of settlers from the Indian ter-
ritory bordering upon Kansas, aud also in favor
of a change of the boundary of the State. I
move that it lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire that the resolution he printed?
Mr. CALDWELL. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. I think those resolutions
had better be printed. Itis customary to print
resolutions from State Legislatures.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is customary
to print, resolutions and memorials from Legis-
latures of States where the Senator presenting
them deems them of importance enough to
justify their printing.
Mr. CALDWELL. [ have no objection to
their being printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
Mr. POMEROY. I have received a copy
of the same resolutions.
Mr. WINDOM. I present, a petition of
JamesF. Jaquess, William G. Le Due. Charles
S. Punken, William R. Marshall, and one hun-
dred others, late soldiers and sailors of the
United States Army, praying a modification
of the homestead law, so that the time of ser-
vice in the Army may be deducted from the
five years' residence under existing law. The
petitioners represent nearly all the towns in
Minnesota.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition
will be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands have reported on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A bill on that
subject being on the Calendar, the petition
wili lie on the table.
Mr. WINDOM presented a memorial of S.
B. Brown and others, of Chicago, Illinois, late
soldiers and sailors of the United States Army,
praying a modification of the homestead law;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of peo-
ple of the State of South Carolina, asking for
the adoption of the supplementary civil rights
bill; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCOTT presented a remonstrance of .
workers in the iron-works at and citizcns of i
Birdsborough, Berks county, Pennsylvania,
against a change of the existing tariff laws
abating or abolishing duties on such articles
as are successfully produced in this coun-
try; which v/as referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a remonstrance of work-
ers in iron and iron ores and citizens of Bar-
ree iron-works, Huntingdon county, Pennsyl-
vania, against a change of the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Nancy
P. Wilkensoti, praying an amendment of the
pension laws so as to allow those who served
less than sixty days in the war of 1812, or their
widows, to have a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave to present a
memorial of C. Smith and others, who, as
they state, were soldiers, sailors, and marines
in the lato war, now resident in the State of
California. Thoy ask for such an amendment
to the bounty laws as will inure to the benefit
of those persons who enlisted in the beginning
of the war, and yet were discharged in conse-
quence of wounds or other disability in the
service at such a period as not to be entitled
to the benefit, of the acts subsequently passed.
They also ask for such a modification of the
land laws for the benefit of soldiers as will
enable them to avail themselves better of the
provisions of those laws. They also ask for
additional bounty in the manner set forth in
the memorial.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Public Lands, it has been stated this morn-
ing, have reported on one branch of this memo-
rial in regard to the amendment of the land
laws. The memorial will therefore be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
as the other subject is before that committee.
UKI'Oi.lTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMSEY, from the Committee on Post,
OHices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 514) for the relief of Albert
Wie'and, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report thereon ; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 100) to provide for
the adjustment and satisfaction of claims of
American citizeus for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the :>Ist day of July.
1801, to report it back without amendment;
and I give notice that 1 will ask the Senate in
a very few days to take up this bill for consid-
eration.
japanese JBJlliASSr.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropria-
tions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1186) in relation to the embassy from
Japan, have had the same under considera-
tion, and directed me to report it back with-
out amendment, and to ask for its immediate
consideration. It will take but a few minutes
to dispose of it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It appropriates the sum of
$50,000 to defray such expenses of the em-
bassy and its suite from Japan, which has
arrived in the United States, as the Secretary
of State may deem proper, but not to exceed
this amount, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of State, and on vouchers
to be filed in the Treasury Department, and a
statement thereof to be reported to Congress
by the Secretary of State.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. POOL, it was
Ordered. That tho petition and papers of Eliza
Shelton, Nancy Sholton. Cerena Medoalf, Nancy
King, Patsy J. Slielton, Sarah Medcalf, Cloa Shei-
tun, and May Frunkim, bo withdrawn from the lites
ot the Senate and reforred to the Committee oil
Pensions.
On motion of Mr. POOL, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Anna. MeKennoy have leave
to withdraw iroin the files of the Ssna-to her petition
and papers.
