1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3883
fellow-citizens, that there is another class of
citizens in this country who have certain dear
rights and immunities which t.hey would like
you, sirs, to remember and respect.
The Republican members of this House will
give their votes for the passage of this amesty
bill. The majority of them are also in favor
of civil rights, which my people, the colored
people, are desirous of having. We are in
earnest about this matter. We are earnest in
our support of the Government. We were
earnest in the hour of the nation's perils
and dangers; and now, irt our country's com-
parative peace and tranquillity, we are in
earnest for our rights. We now invoke you,
gentlemen, to show the same magnanimity
and kindly feeling toward us—a race long
oppressed; and in demonstration of this
humane and just feeling give, I implore you,
give support to the civil rights bill, which we
have been asking at your hands, lo! these
many days.
You will observe that when a bill is intro-
duced for the purpose of removing political
disabilities, no parliamentary maneuverings
are resorted to by the Republicans to impede
the passage of such a bill.
I want the House further to understand,
and especially the gentlemen on the other
side, that this apparent indifference and reti-
cence on our part is not from any want of the
knowledge of parliamentary tactics by which
legislation is often retarded, and salutary
measures hindered, but it is because we are
disposed to facilitate and assist the furtherance
of those measures we believe equitable and
just to our fellow-inan; thus doing unto others
as we would they should do unto us. Now, in
respect to the action of the Democrats, I re-
gret very much to say that whenever a bill
comes up here which is designed to relieve and
benefit the outraged and oppressed negro pop-
ulation of this country, those whom I may
strictly call my constituency, their apparent
eagerness to defeat such desirable measures is
perceptible on every hand, and is known toall.
No vigilance or efforts were spared on their
part to defeat the civil rights bill whene-ver it
came up in its regular order. I hope, in the
future, gentlemen, you will deal with us justly
and generously as we now propose to deal with
the late rebels. I hope you will assist us in
securing our civil rights. I need not say to
you that we fought for the maintenance of
this Government while those who are about to
be amnestied fought to destroy it. I thank
the House for this courtesy.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
for a few moments to the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Elliott.]
Mr. ELLIOTT. I submit the following res-
olution, and ask to have it read now, although
not for present action.
Mesolved, That the Judiciary Committee be. andr
is hereby, directed to report upon the next call ot
their committee a bill supplementary to theact to
protect all citizens of the united States in their civu
rights, and to furnish the means for their vindica-
tion, commonly known as a civil rights mil.
Mr. BINGHAM. That cannot be allowed
to intervene here.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I do not want this resolu-
tion acted upon until the bill of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has passed.
I desire simply, Mr. Speaker, to state my
reasons why I introduce the resolution now.
I know full well that I have fallen under the
ban of opprobrium, and that certain gentlemen
in this House, have attempted to class me
among those who are immodest, because on a
former occasion I declined to give my vote
for amnesty, while at the same time other citi-
zens of the United States were deprived of
their rights under the Government. I acted
as I did in that regard not because I had any
feeling against those who were laboring under
political disabilities, but because I desired
that the magnanimous action of the Govern-
ment on behalf of those who were untrue to
the Government in the past should go hand in
hand with the righteousness of the Govern-
ment in protecting its own citizens.
To-day, sir, when this bill for the removal
of political disabilities has been presented
here again, I intend to vote for the measure.
But I desire at the same time to test the sin-
cerity of those who claim that they are patri-
otic in this matter. I wish to see whether the
gentlemen who claim that they desire the re-
moval of the political disabilities of those who
labor under them, and who sit upon the other
side of the House, really mean what they say;
for they know as well as I do that no bill tor
the removal of political disabilities can pass
the Senate until this House shall have acted
upon the bill for the protection of all citizens
in their civil rights. If, therefore, they desire
that, the men who labor under political dis-
abilities shall have amnesty, they will not
filibuster, as they have been doing, but will
allow the majority of the House—which has
the right under all parliamentary rules to de-
cide upon such questions—to act upon the
civil rights bill, and let both bills go bpfore
the Senate for the sanction of that body.
And I feel assured if the civil rights bill
should pass the House along with the am-
nesty bill, both of them will become the law
before Congress shall have adjourned.
That is the reason why I submitted the res-
olution at this stage of the proceedings, and 1
hope it will be adopted after the gentlemen from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] lias had his bill
Mr. BUCKLEY. I ask the gentlemen from
South Carolina [Mr. Elliott] to modify his
resolution so as to require the report to be made
on a day certain.
Mr. BINGHAM. The resolution is not be-
fore the House.
Mr. BUTLER of Massachusetts, I desire to
explain in a word or two, lor the information
of the House and the country, why I, for one.
and my associates on the Judiciary Committee
have not yielded for an amendment to put on
the civil rights bill. It is because we think
the civil rights bill should pass, and can pass,
by am«jority, that we do notbelieve it is right
to peril that bill by fastening it upon abill which
requires a two-thirds vote. It should stand
by itself, and for one, I propose to labor dili-
gently to see that a civil rights bill is passed, and
that can be done by a majority of the House.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was put 5 and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the bill was passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent that the following bill may be put upon
its passage :
Be it enacted, &c.t That all political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States aro hereby
removed.
Mr. PERCE. I object. We have passed
two amnesty bills, and now I want a civil rights
bill-
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion, for the gentleman from Iowa
holds the floor.
CIVIL RIGHTS.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the following resolution be
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be, and it is hereby, directed to report, upon the next
call of their committee, a bill supplemental to tno
act to protect all citizens of the United btates m
their civil rights and to furnish means for thpr vin-
dication, commonly known as the civil rights Dill.
The question was put, and there were— ayes
9, noes 69 ; two thirds not voting in favor
thereof.   .
Mr. ELLIOTT. I should like to have the
yeas and nays upon this question.
Mr. McCRARY. I will give way for that
purpose.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and- there were—
yea^ 112, nays 76, not voting 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill, Banks,
Barber. Barry. Beatry, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham,
Rolos, Buckley, Bafiinton.Burchnrd, Burdett., Ben-
jamin 1?\ liutlcr, William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Darr&ll, Dawes,
Dickey, Donnan, Duell. Dunnelh Eames, Elliott,
tfinkelnburg, Charles Foster, "Wilder D. Foster,
Prye. Garfiold, Goodrich, Halo, Ilarmer, George E.
Harris, Havens. Ilawley. Hays, Gerry W.Ha&eUon,
John W. Tlazelton, Hill, Itoar, Hooper, Kolley,
Ketchain. Killingor, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe. Mc-
Crary, MeJunkin. McKeo, Mcrriom, Monroe,Moore,
Morey, Morphia, Leonard Myers. Negley, Orr. Pack-
ard, Packer, Palmer. Isaac C. Parker. Peck, Pendle-
ton, Perce. Aaron P. Perry, Poland, Rainey, Ellis H.
Roberts, llusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Soofiold. Seeley,
Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shoemaker, H. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Spraguo, Stark-
weather, Stoughton, Strong, St. John, Sutherland,
Taffo, Turner, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman,
Walden, Waldron, Wall«cc, Walls,Wheeler, White-
ley, Willard, AViJliams of Indiana. Jeremiah M. ,
Wilson, and John T. Wilson—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer. Beck,
Bell, Bird. James ft. Blair, Braxfon, James Brooks,
Caldwell, Campbell, Cominsto, Conner, Cox, Crebs,
Crixcher, Crossland. Davis, l)ox, Du Boao, Eldredge,
Henry D. Foster, Getz, Goliaday, Griffith, Hamble-
ton, llancock, ilandloy, Hanks, Harper. John T.
Harris, Hereford, llerndon, Ilibbard, Holman,
Houghton, Kendall, Kerr, Lamison, Leach, Lewis,
Manson, McClolland, McCorinick. Mclntyre, Mo-
Kin ney, McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Niblack. llosea W. Parker. Price, Randall, Read,
Edward Y.Rice, John M. Rice, Robinson, Roose-
volt, Sherwood, Shober, Slator, Slosa, R. Milton
Speer. Stevens, Storm, Swann. Terry. Vaughan,
Voorhees, Waddoil, Warren, Wolls, Whitthorne,
Williams ofNew York, Winchester, and Young—76.
NOT VO Ci^G—Mcssrs. Arthur, Barnum, Biggs,
Austin Blair. Bright. George M. Brooks, Roderick
R. Butler. Carroll, Cop:hlan, Creoly, Crocker, De
Largo. Duke, Ely, Famsworth, Farwell, Forker,
Garrett, Ilaldeman, llalsey, liay, Kollogg, King,
Kinseila, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McGrew, Mc-
llonry, Mercur, Mitchell. Morgan. Eli Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Porter, Potter, Prindle, Ritchie, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Rogers, Sh.ollabaiger.Slocum, Ste-
venson. Stowell, Sypher, Thomas. Dwight Town-
send, Washington Townsond, Tuthill, Van Trump,
and Wood—52.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Upon
this question I am paired with Mr. Ritchie,
who would have voted " no," and I should have
voted "ay."
Mr. DUKE. Upon this question I am paired
with Mr. IIai.sey, who would have voted in the
affirmative, while I should have voted in the
negative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
statue of till! late senator baker.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
t.0 introduce and put upon its passage a bill
pending for a life-sized statue of the late Sen-
ator Edward Dickinson Baker. _ .
The bill was read for information. It ap-
propriates the sum of $10,000 to procure, to
be placed in the Capitol, a life-sized marble
statue of the late Senator Edward Dickiuson
Baker from the marble model for su;ch statue
noiv iri the possession of the family qf the de-
ceased Senator; and the Librarian ^>f Con-
gress is authorized and directed to make a
contract with Horatio Stone to carry out th®
provisions of this act.
Mr. BROOKS, ofNew York. I call forthe
regular order of business. What is the regular
order, I would ask?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. McCkaiiy] has the floor to bring a con-
tested-eleJtiou case before the House.
Mr. SARGENT. I trust that the gentle-
man from New York will not object to this bill.
Mr. BR.OOKS, of New York. I should be
very glad to welcome a statue of Senator Baker
if sent here either by the State of California
or the State of Oregon.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Baker belonged to
the whole country. He was not a Senator
from my State, and therefore my State, under
the terms of the general law of Congress,
