1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4270
both classes of business, that which we can
do in a thin Senate, and that which we must
do in a full Senate. Jf we insist on doing in
a thin Senate that which a number of us think
ought only to be done in a full Senate, the
result, will be that we shall make no progress,
as vve have made none to day. But we can
take up these other matters just as well m a
thin Senate, arid then, when we have a full
Senate on Friday, we can go right on with
these contested matters, and end the session
on Monday.
Mr. CHANDLER. T have three very im-
portant bills from the Committee on Com-
merce that I desire very much to have action
upon. There are some twenty-five others re-
ported, some of which ought to pass; but
there are the Ohio bridge bill, the steamboat
bill, and the river and harbor bill, all of which
ought to be acted upon, and all of which I
think will be acted upon by this body one way
or the other. Now, for the purpose of getting
along with the business, I move that we lay
this bill oil the table for the purpose of taking
up tbe river and harbor bill for action to-
morrow morning.
Mr. ANTHONY. Whatever we' do, let it
be done by general consent. We cannot get
along in any other way now. Unless the Sen-
ate will agree to take up the business that we
can transact now, it is no use to undertake to
take a vote on anything.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ Does the
Senator from Michigan withdraw his motion ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, for the pres-
ent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is perfectly
manKest that we are wearing ourselves out and
gaining nothing. I certainly intend to secure
an adjournment next Monday if it is within
human possibility, and I think we shall pro-
mote it by not exhausting ourselves to-night.
I think it would be better for all of us now
to agree to adjourn, and I make that motion.
Mr. EDMONDS. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment. I have
not occupied much time to-night, and certainly
have not offered any amendment with a view
to postpone action.
    " Will the Senator renew
Yes, sir ; I will.
Oh, no ; do _not
do
I withdraw it with that
Mr. SHERMAN.
the motion ?
' Mr. EDMUNDS.
Mr. THURMAN,
that.
Mr. SHERMAN.
understanding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not take one min-
ute by the clock. If we go on with this bill
over this matter of contest with only just a
quorum here—and I am saying now what I
think the friends of this amendment will agree
to—we shall find ourselves to-morrow night,
even if we sit right straight along—because
we are so nearly evenly divided that neither
party can coerce the other; that is plain
enough—we shall find ourselves to-morrow
night, with this bill perhaps finished or to-
ward finished. Very well. Then we have
got Friday and Saturday for. other things.
Now, sir, if you turn it round the other way,
and lay this bill aside for the moment with all
these questions pending, so that nobody is
prejudiced, and take up the fortification bill,
to which nobody will object, but which may
take an hour or two to put it through, and
then take up the river and harbor bill, that
everybody is for more or less, and pass that,
without these disputed questions in it, and
when everybody will be satisfied that the num-
ber.that is here now should go on with those
bills, we shall find ourselves by to-morrow
afternoon with those bills cleared off our Cal-
endar, gone to the House of Representatives
to be disposed of, while we are finishing up
this one; and then we can go on with this.
Then we shall reach Monday with a clear
record. If we do it the other way we shall
certainly faiL
I promised to renew the motion to adjourn,
and I do so.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw thai, for a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must keep my promise.
Mr. THURMAN. My colleague will con-
sent. I spoke to him. There is no trouble
about that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, I will take it
back,then.
Mr. THURMAN. I desire as much as any-
body that we may come to some understand-
ing by which we may transact all the busi-
ness that can be transacted between now and
next Monday, and adjourn. But I see a dif-
ficulty in the proposition that is made, unless
some modification of it be made. The propo-
sition is to lay this bill aside until EViday in
order to proceed to-morrow with the river and
harbor bill—a bill that I am very anxious shall
be taken up.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. And the
fortification bill.
Mr. THURMAN. And the fortification
bill; but I am very anxious that the river and
harbor bill shall be taken up and amended, if
it is to be amended, and passed, and therefore
would naturally favor that proposition. But
now, if this appropriation bill be laid aside
with this bone of contention iu it until Friday,
without any understanding about deba'e, and
the galleries are filled with returning delegates
from the Philadelphia convention, those gen-
tlemen who have left, their seats here to attend
the Philadelphia convention will come back
fresh, not having heard a word of what has
been said, and every one of them will have a
stump speech to make, and we shall have the
discussion all over again.
Mr. STEWART. I will make a proposition
to avoid that.
Mr. THURMAN. My proposition is, or
rather I do not make a proposition, but i will
state a proposition that 1 myself would agree
to ; for although 1 have been willing to sit out
and have sat out bills in which I thought some
great principle involved, I do not want to in-
jure my health or the health of others by sit-
ting out a bill that has $20,000,000 in it, or
something like that, upon an amendment of a
quarter of a million. Now I fay this: it we
are to lay this bill aside until Friday, 1 will
never consent to it unless it is with the unan-
imous agreement of the Senate that this subject
which is now before us and all amendments
which may be offered upon the subject of the
payment of these mail contractors shall be
voted upon without debate. ["Agreed!"
" Agreed !"] If that is understood, so far as
I am concerned I will agree that this bill may
be laid over. I do not speak for anybody
else; but so far as I am concerned, if the
Senate will unanimously agree, so that those
who are absent will be bound by it, that all
amendments upon the subject of the pay of
these mail contractors shall be voted upon
without debate, I will agree, and will recom-
mend to others to agree, that this bill may be
postponed until Friday and be the special order
then, and that in the mean time we proceed
with other bills.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think if the fortifica-
tion bill and the river and harbor bill should
be passed to-morrow, we might still take up
this bill then and make progress with it, pass-
ing over this matter which we wish to reserve
for a full Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
Mr. ANTHONY. And then on Friday the
question on all amendments to the pending
amendment will be taken without debate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con
sent to take up the river and harbor bill.
Mr. COLE. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, it cannot be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. Wait until this agree-
ment is understood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from Ohio state his proposition, so
that it may appear in the Globe?
Mr. THURMAN. 1 am requested by others
to make an additional amendment to it, to
which I hope there will be no objection. My
proposition is that this bill be now laid aside.
I am willing that it shall be laid aside inform-
ally, or that it be postponed until Friday, so
that it will be the unfinished business for
Friday.
Several Senators. At twelve o'clock.
Mr. CRA.GIN. After the river and harbor
and fortification bills have been disposed of.
Mr. THURMAN. No, no.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio will proceed and state the agree-
ment without interruption.
Mr. THURMAN. It is that this bill be
laid aside and be the unfinished business at
twelve o'clock on Friday; that on the propo-
sition in regard to the. pay of these mail con-
tractors in the bill, and upon all amendments
that may be offered to that proposition, there
shall be a vote without any debate whatso-
ever.
Mr. STEWART. Both in Committee of
the Whole and in the Senate?
Mr. THURMAN. Both in Committee of
the Whole and in the Senate on this mail ques-
tion. I am asked all around to propose this
further, that there shall be no attempt to
rescind the rule in regard to amendments to
appropriation bills.
Mr. STEWART. I have given notice as to'
one thing.
Mr. SHERMAN, (to Mr. Thuemast.) You
had better leave that alone.
Mr. ANTHONY. Leave that out.
Mr. THURMAN. For my own part I do
not believe that rule can be rescinded.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. We will
trust to the Senate for that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection made to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Ohio?
Mr. COLE. I have a word to Bay. I think
it my duty to notify the Senate of the condi-
tion ot its business. W e have had for the con-
sideration of this bill last evening, the only
time in which any progress has been made;
we have been at it all day to-day and all this
evening without making one step of advance.
There are, as I stated once before, other
propositions iu this bill of equal oi greater
importance with the one which has been under
discussion to day. If it is pestponed till Friday,
discussion may arise upon some one of those
other propositions, and that day may be con-
sumed, and Saturday also. Before this bill
can become a law it will have to go back to the
House of Representatives, and almost neces-
sarily go into a conference committee, which
will require some time to consider it; and it
has not been unusual at this session for con-
ference committees to require two or three
days in order to settle disputed questions iu a
bill; and then after that, these long bills will
have to be enrolled, and to be examined after
that by the President of the United States crit-
ically. Thus you will see what chance there
will be after all this routine of business, if tbe
further consideration of the bill is postponed
until Friday.
I have only to state this: I shall make no
objection. The whole business is in the hands
of the Senate; but 'I think it my duty to in-
form the country, if they choose to take notice
of it, what is the condition of the business of
the session. I want to say further that I shall
no longer struggle for the consideration of this
bill, and the Senate, after it is postponed to
Friday, may take it as deliberately as they
please.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the bill be in any
better condition if we debate it until to morrow
night and remain just as we are now, as we
probably shall, than it will be if we devote
