1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4281
attempt to influence the action or decision of any
grand or petit juror upon any issue or matter pend-
ing before such juror, or before the jury of which ho
is a member, or pertaining to his or their duties, by
writing or sending to him any letter or letters, or
any communication in print or writing in relation to
such issue or matter, without the order previously
obtained of the court before which the said juror is
summoned, such person or persons so offending shall
he deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
liable to prosecution therefor by indictment or in-
formation, and shall, on conviction thereof, be pun-
ished by fine not exceeding $1,000, or by imprison-
ment not exceeding six months, or by both such
fine and imprisonment, according to the aggravation
of the offense.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
bank reserves.
, Mr. SHERMAN. Now I ask the Senate to
put on its passage the bill I reported this
morning. It is House bill No. 1869. If there
io any objection to it, let it go for the ses-
sion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eqy in the chair.) This bill being reported
to-day, can be considered only by unanimous
consent.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1809) for the better
security of bank reserves and to facilitate
bank clearing-house exchanges. The bill
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
receive United States notes on deposit, with-
out interest, from national banking associa-
tions, in sums not less than $10,000, and to
issue certificates therefor in such form as the
Secretary may prescribe, in denominations of
not less than $5,000 ; which certificate is to be
payable on demand in United States notes, at
the place where the deposits were made. The
second section provides that the United States
notes so deposited in the Treasury of the
United States shall not be counted as part
of the legal reserve, but the certificates issued
therefor may be held and counted by national
banks as part of their legal reserve, and may
be accepted in the settlement of clearing-house
balances at the places where the deposits
therefor were made. The third section pro-
vides that nothing contained in the act shall be
construed to authorize any expansion or con-
traction of the currency, and the United States
notes for which such certificates are issued,
or other United States notes of like amount,
are to be held as special deposits in the Treas-
ury, and used only for the redemption of such
ffPQ t pQ
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance whether
there is any lav/ that will make those certifi-
cates bear any interest?
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill expl-essly pro-
vides that they shall not bear any interest. I
will state that this is simply to allow United
States notes to be deposited in the Treasury,
and these certificates are received instead of
a clearing-house exchange. I have examined
the matter carefully, because I had some doubt
about it myself at first. The bill passed the
House of Representatives unanimously: I con-
sulted the Secretary of the Treasury in regard
to it, and the members of the Committee on
Finance concluded that it might facilitate
exchanges and could do no possible harm.
Mr. THURMAN. Is it simply to have an
instrument of exchange of a large amount?
Mr. SHERMAN. Of not less than ยง5,000.
Mr. COLE. ' I will make an inquiry. I
suppose this bill authorizes another descrip-
tion of United States securities?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. It author-
izes certificates that are just exactly like the
gold certificates, except that one is payable
in currency and the other payable in gold. I
think there can be no objection to it.
Mr. COLE. I shall not object to it, but I
have great doubt as to its propriety.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
lost tobacco.
Mr. BAYARD. I report from the Com-
mittee on Finance House bill No. 2719, and
ask for its present consideration,
By unanimous consent the bill (H. R. No.
2819} for cancellation of bonds for manufac-
tured tobacco lost on steamer George P. Up-
ton, between the cities of Richmond and New
York, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury, on the production of proof satis-
factory to him cf the loss at sea of any manu-
facrured tobacco on board the steamer George
P. LTpton, by accidental fire, without fraud,
collusion, or negligence on the part of the own-
ers of the manufactured tobacco, while the
same was in custody of the United States in
transitu to bonded warehouses in New York
city, to cancel such bonds as may have been
given to secure the payment of the tax thereon
to the Government. If any portion of the
taxes covered by any of the bonds are pro-
tected by insurance, the amount of the insur-
ance is to be paid to tlie proper officers of the
United States before the bonds of the persons
entitled to the benefit of such insurance shall
be canceled.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
point lookout railroad.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to consider House bill No. 1916.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
191(3) to authorize the Washington City and
Point Lookout Railroad Company to extend
a railroad into and within the District of
Columbia, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let the bill be read.
Nobody states what it is.
Mr. SAWYER. It is simply to authorize a
railroad in Maryland to come to the other side
of the Anacostia river.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill ought to be
read, anyhow.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 want it taken up.,
The Ghief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What committee does
that bill come from ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SAWYER. It was reported from the
Committee on the District of Columbia by the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. vickers.]
Mr. VICKERS. I will only state that there
is a charter for this company from the State
of Maryland, and the road is now in course of
construction to the District line, and this bill
is drawn in conformity with the law of Mary-
land, to authorize the road to come within the
District to the Eastern Branch. The com-
pany has been incorporated by the State of
Maryland, and has no right, of couise, to
bring its road into the District without author-
ity of the United States. This biil is merely
to continue the road from the line of the
District to the Eastern Branch of the Poto-
mac. There is ample provision lor the con-
demnation of land, which is not to be taken
until paid for, with the right of appeal. It is
bringing another road into the city from an
important point.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no amendment
to offer, but I wish to know why the time of
Congress should be occupied in granting special
acts for the incorporation of railroads within
the District of Columbia, if I am right in the
supposition that we have a general act for that
purpose. I should like to be satisfied on that
point' before I consent to let this bill go through.
Of course Congress has no right to charter a
railroad in-the State of Maryland, and that is
not pretended; but if the object be to give this
road a charter in the District of Columbia, if
I am right in the supposition that there is a
general law for that purpose, Congress should
not be troubled with special acts. If I am
wrong, of course it removes that objection.
There may be other objections to the bill,
however, on its merits.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know whether
there is a general law on the subject or not ;
but with this bill before me I wish to suggest
some amendments. The firstone isonpage 3,
lines thirteen and fourteen. This biil provides
that the company when it wishes to condemn
land shall "apply to a justice of the peace of
the county of Washington, who shall there-
upon issue his warrant, under his hand and
seal, directed to the marshal of said District,
requiring him to summon a jury of twenty
citizens of the said District," who are an
inquest to assess the damages of the owner of
the property which is taken. It does not seem
to me that that selection of a jury ought to be
left to anyone of the multitmdinous justices of
the peace. I do not know how many justices
of the peace there are in this city. I made an
inquiry once, and I was told there were over
one hundred. Some member of the District
Committee reported a year or two ago that
there were over one hundred. I do not think
the company ought to be allowed to select any
one of these hundred' justices of the peace to
summon this jury. My friend from Maryland
tells me it is the law of Maryland, butl do not
know any other State that vests such a power
in a simple justice of the peacc. I move to
strike out "justice of the peace in the county
of Washington," and to insert "judge of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia."
Mr. HARLAN. I am of the impression
that this bill cannot pass without consuming a
good deal of time, and I do not think that the
twenty or thirty minutes remaining of the
morning hour ought to be taken up with such
a bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Why is it to take time?
Mr. SAWYER. It will not take five min-
utes.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand there is con-
siderable opposition to this bill, growing out
of the fact that there is another railroad lo-
cated substantially on the same line, and that
it would bring up a discussion of the rival
interests of the two companies.
Mr. THURMAN. I know nothing of that.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish the Senate would
allow this bill to go on for a few minutes until
we see whether it develops opposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let them both come in.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not see any reason for
keeping the people who are working on this
railroad from coming to the Eastern Branch
at this time. I do not imagine anybody is
going to oppose it. The amendment of the
Senator from Ohio I have no objection to.
Mr. HARLAN." As I was observing, I
think the bill will consume some time. 1
would not be willing to go for it myself nnless
1 became satisfied it was not intended merely
to obstruct the construction of the other road.
Those of us who have been in Washington
temporarily for a good many years last past,
have learned that this is one mode of pre-
venting the construction of roads. When one
company is orgauized and about to get under
headway, another company will get a charter
and in this way obstruct the work on the part
of the first company. We all know that there
has been a chartered company to build a rail-
road from this to the Point of Rocks up the
Potomac river for the last fifteen years, and
no such road has yet been built. No other
company will undertake to build a road on
that line, because they may be impeded at any
time by this formerly chartered corporation.
If I remember correctly, during the present
session of Congress a company was chartered
