1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1593
what the law is. Sir, the best lawyers get
involved in difficulties, and tlieyget mistaken
often when the laws are published in the
papers; but because they do I hope you will
not take from the attentive and careful reader
in the distant mining camps of my State the
privilege and the right of ascertaining through
the newspapers what the law is.
These laws are read to a far greater extent
than honorable Senators seetn to think. I
was quite surprised to hear as good a lawyer
as my honorable friend from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] last night say that it was a fraud
upon the people of this country to pay for this
publication, that it was so much money lost,
paid out to hold up weakly newspapers. Sir,
if there is a class of papers that needs holding
up, it is the weakly papers. Papers that are
represented in this gallery need no holding up;
they can hold themselves up and all of us, too,
and sometimes they hold us up in a most
ridiculous light. [Laughter.] But it is these
little papers that are m the country that need
sustaining; and what are they there for? To
enlighteti the. community in which they are
located. Shallthedistantminer orthe distant
agriculturist in Nevada or Oregon, or Idaho
or Washington, or Dakota or Colorado have
all avenues for knowing what the laws are cut
off because this Government wants to save
$50,000? My friend from California [Mr.
Cole] says he does not care about the laws,
any way ; but these other people do, and how
can they observe them if they do not know
them?
Mr. COLE. The Senator misquotes me.
Mr. NYE. I beg pardon.
Mr. COLE. 1 did not intend to interrupt
him ; but my inquiry was, what do they there
care about the laws any way?
Mr. NYE. What do we care about the laws
out there ?
Mr. COLE. Not the Senator himself.
Mr. NYE. No ; but when you speak of my
people you speak of me, and I feeliias sensi-
tively when spoken of them as though it was
spoken of me.
Mr. HILL. There is one question which I
should like to hear the Senator from Nevada
answer. It frequently happens that Congress
passes an act of a purely local character; and
I would ask the Senator if he thinks it of any
mornenfto the people of Nevada to know what
sort of a statute is passed in regard to a grant
of land to a railway in Florida, or Alabama,
or anything of that sort?
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator from
Georgia is fishing behind the net. That is
provided for already. The Secretary of State
selects laws of general interest for publication.
That is the law now. Now, sir, I insist upon
it that it is the meanest streak of economy that
I have seen this Government undertake to
practice, to dry up these rivulets upon our
mountain sides, from which a thirsty people
drink and learn the laws. 1 do think it is the
meanest exhibition of attempted economy that
I ever saw. I stand here to keep that provis-
ion as it is, giving those people the right
through their little newspapers to know_what
the law is if you hold them amenable to it.
Sir, gentlemen say circulate more of the
laws in volume form. Take, for instance,
to-day a settlement in our country that num-
bers thousands, a new settlement, and it will
be next September a year from now before the
laws are printed so that you can circulate them
there. In the mean time the people there are
starving for want of knowledge, and to give it
all costs this great Government the immense
amount of $50,000 a year! Sir, I like econ-
omy; I have to practice it as close as any man
in the world; but I would not practice my
economy upon the absolute needs of your own
distant settlements on the frontiers. I know
gentlemen here who revel inlaw, and can very
well understand what it is; but it is these dis-
tant citizens, it is these distant settlements, it
is these weekly papers, if you choose, that
the honorable Senator from Illinos so con-
temned yesterday, that need support; and it
gives the people the manna for which they hun-
ger.
Now I hope my honorable friend from Cali-
fornia, liberal as he is himself, will bring his
conscience up to the sticking point and let the
Government pay $50,000 for scattering among
the people what is its very life, its laws.
Now, sir, I have said all I desired to say. I
am opposed to the amendment entirely and
in toto.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I was
conversing a few days ago with one of the cir-
cuit judges of the United States in Chicago.
He complained that he was frequently called
upon as a judge to construe a statute which
he had never seen, and which it was impos-
sible for him to obtain. We meet here in
December ; we commence passing general
laws; we have not passed them very rapidly this
session, but still we might have passed one on
the first day of the session ; it becomes a law,
and is in force by the middle of December,
and yet, apart from the publication in the
newspapers, there is no publication of that
law made for six months. Our bound Globes
do not come out until long after the end of
the session, and when we publish pamphlet
editions, of course they do not come out until
after the end of the session, and a judge on
the bench on the 20th of December is com-
pelled to construe a law passed, if you please,
on the 1st of December, when he cannot ob-
tain a copy of it except by sending to the
State Department and paying the regular fees
for a certified copy.
He suggested that in addition to the publica-
tion of the newspaper, which was now the only
means of obtaining the laws which the offi-
cers of the Government had, a law should be
passed requiring the Secretary of State, imme-
diately on the deposit of a bill, signed by the
President, in the State Departmt ill, to publish
copies of it and transmit them to all the
judges, marshals, and district attorneys of the
United States. I simply allude to this, not
for the purpose of offering any such bill, but
as illustrating the necessity of at least as
prompt a publication as is now made through
the newspapers. If there never had been a
law authorizing the publication of the laws in
the newspapers, it, strikes me that there should
be one immediately passed ; but that is the law
at present, and I understand the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations discounte-
nances all general legislation upou the appro-
priation bills, and yet he proposes here by an
amendment to sweep down existing laws,
practically changing an important feature in
the practice of the Government in regard to
the publication of its laws.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I suggest to my
friend from Wisconsin that this very provision
requiring this publication got into the laws in
an appropriation bill, and it is now in the
appropriation statutes. Therefore, the com-
mittee thought it not unreasonable to take it
out in the appropriation statutes in the same
way.
Mr. CARPENTER. In other words, if one
error has been*committed let us balance it by
committing another.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; balance it by cor-
recting it.
Mr. CARPENTER. The only objection in
the first instance to putting this newspaper
provision into an appropriation bill, the only
objection to admitting any other principle of
general legislation on such a bill, is that in the
appropriation bills such provisions will not
meet that consideration and discussion which
their importance may merit, owing to the cir-
cumstances that always attend the passage of
appropriation bills. That reason applies just
as forcibly to a law repealing existing statutes
as it does to incorporating them in the first
place into appropriation bills. Both are im-
proper, and the impropriety of one does not
cure the impropriety ot the other.
Mr. COLE. I think the remark made with
to the consideration of appropriation
bills hardly applies to any matters in this bill
or connected with it. Every matter that has
been suggested in regard to it has been very
fully discussed and considered. I think the
rule that general legislation should not go on
an appropriation bill for want of consideration
hardly applies to this bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not know that
any general principles do apply to this bill at
all. I have understood, however, that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
and all the members of that committee were
earnest and strenuous in appealing to other
Senators to stand by them and confine these
appropriation bills simply and purely to what
they should be—appropriations of money for
legal objects, for purposes already secured and
established by law.
I think that is an important principle, and
should be adhered to, and 1 think it should
be adhered to in this instance. If this subject
needs consideration, if the policy of the coun-
try is to be changed about it, bring in a bill
and let us discuss it at length, and not stop
the appropriation bills; or, what is more per-
tinent still, let these amendments be piled up
and go to a committee of conference in the
last night of the session, and then be smug-
gled through—I do not use the word "smug-
gled" in any offensive sense—passed through
without five men in either House knowing
what it is. "Smuggling" may not be parlia-
mentary, but it is true.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I care very
little about this amendment anyway; but I
have been struck with the fact that there is no
abuse, however venerable, which, when it is
proposed to be abolished, will not find eloquent
and even witty defenders in this body.
Now, Mr. President, just look at the pre-
tense—for I can hardly dignify it, as anything
more—that the people at large are to have any
knowledge of the laws of the United States
in consequence of their publication in news-
papers. lu the first place, every Administra-
tion takes these advertisements for its own
party friends. Therefore, one half of the
country is excluded, to begin with. Then,
distribute them as you may, they are only dis-
tributed to a small number. In my State, out
of over forty papers, only two have this job ;
and 1 am informed by the Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Anthony] only two in any State.
Take it, now, for the State of New York, with
four million people, and only two papers have
the publishing of the laws. Those two papers
probably do not circulate beyond the precincts
of their own counties. What an inconsider-
able number of the whole people are to obtain
any knowledge of the laws on account of the
publication in those newspapers. Why, Mr.
President, the thing is absolutely absurd.
And then, again, as to its being any support
to these papers, the amount of compensation
is so meager that not one of them would
regard it with any grief to be deprived of the
privilege of publishing the laws. Many of them
absolutely refuse to take the laws into their
columns, because it excludes reading matter,
lumbers up their papers with matter that is
of no sort of interest to their general readers.
The sum here proposed to be curtailed is
small; but we all know that the cost of print-
ing has increased, and if there is any spot or
place where we can put the knife properly, let
us not fail to do it.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I had not intended to
submit any remarks, but my friend sitting
near me [Mr. Morrill, of Vermont] says
those who are opposed to the repeal now pro-
posed entertain an absurd idea. I think that
might be qualified, and I think that my friend
might well recollect that there is a difference
