1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2489
-The Committee on the Judiciary reported
U* the bill with amendments.
5 The amendments reported by the committee
9} to the first section were in line three, after the
8 word "any/' to insert " suits or;7' in line five,
1$,'after "circuit judge," to insert 11 or a district
t judge;" and in line twelve, after the word
1-. "such," to insert "suit or;" so as to make
t the section read:
That whenever, in any suit or proceeding in a
circuit court of tne United States, beiug held by a
justice of the Supreme Court and the circuit jud^e,
or adistrict j udge, or by the circuit j udge and tne dis-
trictjudge, there shall occur any difference of opinion
between the judges as to any matter or thing to be de-
cided, ruled, or ordered by the court, the opinion of
the presiding justice or the presiding judge shall pre-
vail, and be considered the opinion of the court for
the time being; butwhen a final judgment, decree, or
order in such suit or proceeding shall be entered, if
said judges shall certify, as it shall be their duty to
do if such be the fact, that they differed in opinion
as to any question which, under the act of Congress
of April 29.180-2, might have been reviewed by the
Supreme Court on certificate of difference of opin-
ion, then either party may remove said final judg-
ment, decree, or order to the Supreme Court, on
writ of error or appeal, according to the nature of
the case, and subject-to. the provisions of law appli-
cable to other writs of error or appeal in regard to
bail and supersedeas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These are verbal amend-
ments merely.
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
sixth section of the bill, in tbe following words:
Sec. 6. That in suits in equity, in the circuit and
district courts of the United States, the bill of com-
plaint shall concise'y state the facts upon which the
complainant claims relief; and every fact stated in
paid bill and not denied by the answer thereto.
■ either expressly or upon the information and belief
of the defendant, shall, on the hearing of said cause,
be deemed and taken to be true.
The amendment was agreed to
The next amendment was in section seven,
^ line four, after the word "are," to insert
"now;" and in line five, to strike out the
words '4 applicable to State courts'' and insert:
In which such court is held, applicable to the"
courts of such State: and such circuit c/ district
courts may by rules adopt such State laws as may be
in force in the State in relation to attachments and
other process.
And in line ten, after the word " recover-
ing," to insert "judgment in such cause;" and
in line fifteen, after the word " causes," to
insert " or which shall j" so that the section
will read :
That in common-law causes in the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States the plaintiff shall
be eutitled to similar remedies, by attachment or
other process against the property of the defendant,
which are no ^ provided for by the laws of the State
in which such court is held, applicable to the courts
of guch Sta te; and such circui t or district courts may
by rules adopt such State laws as may be in force
in the State in relation to attachments and other
process at the time such cause is commenced; and
the party recovering judgment in such cause shall
be entitled to similar remedies upon the same, by
execution or otherwise to reach the property of the
judgment-debtor, as are now provided by the laws
ot the State within which said circuit or district
courts shall be held, in like causes, or which shall
be adopted by rules as aforesaid: Provided, That
similar preliminary affidavits or proofs, and similar
security as required by such laws, shall bo first
furnished by the party seeking such attachment or
other remedy. "
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wasin section thirteen,
line one, after the word "criminal," to strike
out "cases" and insert "or penal causes;"
so as to make the section read:
p That in all criminal or penal causes in which
judgment or sentence has been, or shall be, ren-
dered, imposing the payment of a fine or penalty,
whether alone or with any other kind of punish-
ment, the said judgment, so far as the fine or pen-
alty is concerned, may be enforced by execution
against tbe property of the defendant in l-ke manner
a« judgments iu civil cases are enforced: Provided,
That where the judgment directs that the delendant
shall be imprisoned until the fine or penalty im-
posed is paid, the issue of execution on the judg-
ment shall not operate to discharge the defendant
from imprisonment until the amount of the judg-
ment is collected or otherwise paid : And provided
further, That such imprisonment, where the fine or
Penalty is not paid or collected, shall not exceed
one day for every five dollars, or in that proportion.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee, and of
the Senate, to what may possibly need amend-
ment in that section—section thirteen. There
may possibly some question be made whether
these words, "criminal or penal causes,"
include a case of a commitment for a con-
tempt. I do not think there ought to be any
ambiguity on that subject. There is an indi-
vidual now in prison, within my own knowl-
edge, by the judgment of a court, for con-
tempt; a fine was imposed on him, and he
was imprisoned until the fine was paid. I do
not know how long he will remain there.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is not that a criminal
cause?
Mr. THURMAN. I think, strictly speak-
ing, it is; but "cause" is a word used in a
very broad sense, and sometimes, again, in a
very restricted sense.
Mr.STEWART. I have an amendment on
that point.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from
Nevada has probably an amendment which I
think will meet the views of the Senator from
Ohio in that respect.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us hear it.
Mr. STEWART. I offer this amendment,
to come in at the close of section thirteen :
The provisions of this section shall apply to judg-
ments imposing the payment of a fine for any eon-
tempt of court of which the party fined has been or
may hereafter be adjudged guilty.
Mr. THURMAN. That will do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had better act upon
the committee's amendments first. The amend-
ment proposed is to come in at the end of the
section. Let the section be ame'nded as recom-
mended by the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomb-
koy in the chair.) The first question wili be
on the amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Now the
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada to this section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary was to insert as an additional
section, after section thirteen:
That when in any suit in equity commenced in
any court of the United States to enforce any lien or
claim against real or personal property within the
distiict where such suit is brought, one or more of
the defendants therein shall not bean inhabitant of
or found within the said district, or shall not volun-
tarily appear thereto, it shall be lawful for the court
to make an order directing such absentdefendant to
appear, plead, answer, or demur to the complain-
ant's bill at a certain day therein to be designated,
which order shall be served on such absent defend-
ant. if practicable, wherever found, or published in
.such manuer as -the court shall direct; and in case
such absent defendant shall not appear, _ plead,
answer, or demur, within the time so limited, or
within some further time, to be allowed by the court
in its discretion, and upon proof ot the service or
publication of said order, and of the performance
of the directions.contained in the same, it shall be
lawful for the court to entertain jurisdiction, and
proceed to the hearing and adjudication of such suit
in the same manner as if such absent defendant bad
been served with process within the said district.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I have an amendment
which I have not had time to examine fully.
Let it be read, and if any member objects I
will not insist on it.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to add as a new section the
following:
Sec. —. That if any person or persons shall cor-
ruptly, or by threats or force, or by threatening let-
ters or uny threatening communications, endeavor
to influence, intimidate, or impede any grand or
petit jury, or juror, witness, or officer of any court
of the United States in the discharge of his or their
duty, or shall corruptly or by threats or force, or
by threatening letters or any threatening com-
munications, influence, obstruct, or impede, or en-
deavor to influence, obstruct, or impede, the due
administration of justice therein, such person or
persons so offending shall be liable to prosecution
theretor by indictment, and shall, on conviction
thereof, be punished by fine not exceeding $3,000.
or by imprisonment not exceeding three years, or
by both, according to the nature and aggravation
of the offense. And if any person or persons shall
tamper with or attempt to influence the action or
decision of any grand or petit juror upon any issue
or matter pending before such juror or before the
jury of which he is a member, by writing or sending
to him any letter or letters, or any communication
in print or writing in relation to such issue or mat-
ter, such person or persons so offending shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and sha ll be liable
to prosecution therefor by indictment or informa-
tion, and shall, on conviction thereof.be punished
by fine not exceeding $1,00), or by imprisonment not
exceeding six months, or by both Buch fine and
imprisonment.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that offered as an
additional section? I wish the Senator would
withhold that for a moment, in order that
I may offer an amendment to the thirteenth
section.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
Mr. THURMAN. I trust the new thirteenth
section, as reported by the committee, printed
in italics, may be considered as pending in
order that I may move a little amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator can move it when we concur in the Senate,
or it can be done now by unanimous consent.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask unanimous con-
sent now to move an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. THURMAN. I think there will be no
objection to it. This section provides for
giving notice of the pendency of a suit to a
non-resident of the State in which the suit is
brought in a case where personal service in
the State cannot be obtained. It applies
simply to equity cases and provides for a mode
of giving notice analogous to the State law.
It provides that the court may "make an
order directing such absent defendant to ap-
pear, plead, answer, or demur to the com-
plainant's bill at a certain day therein to be
designated, which order shall be served on
such absent defendant, if practicable, wherever
found." That is all right; but then it goes on,
" or published in such manner as the court shall
direct." It seems to me an alternative in the
discretion of thecourttoorder personal service
wherever practicable,or to make this order for
publication. My idea was, and I thought the
section was so, that the order of publication
should not be made until the personal service
was impracticable. I therefore move to amend
in the eleventh line, after the word ''or," by
inserting "'where such peisonal seivice is not
practicable, then shall be published."
Mr. CARPENTER. I thought the section
was so.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe we all under-
stood it to be so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no objection
to that amendment. It was notiuteuded to be
in the alternative.
The PRE5ID1NGOFFICER. There is no
objection to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, and it is agreed to. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. TRiJMBULL. That amendment makes
a new class of crimes; and 1 atn not prepared
to say that some provision of the kind is not
proper. Certainly, tampering with jurors
should not be.permitted ; nor shouldauy inter-
ference with the due administration of justice
be permitted by combinations or threats, or in
any way; but this is a bill relating more par-
ticularly to the practice m civil causes, and
without having considered particulaily the
effect of that amendment, and how far i't will
go, I think it would be unsafe and hazardous
to adopt it here in the Senate on this bill.
There may be a necessity in some localities
for such a provision. I have heard of no
complaint in my State. . The jurors are not
tampered with, and if they are the court will
exercise sufficient authority to punish any
person as for a contempt who undertakes to
interfere with the jurors iu any way, if it is
done in the presence of the court.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose it is done out of
his presence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have never known of
