698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
however, to the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Ohio, to strike out the words
in parenthesis referring to the Comptroller's
report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the-Senator from Ohio will be considered as
agreed to.
The bill was reportedto the Senate as amend-
ed ; and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.1
bridge at st. joseph.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 383, to authorize (he construction of a
bridge across the Missouri river at or near
St. Joseph, Missouri.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
in s.ection two, line eighteen, to strike out
"two hundred," and insert " onehundred and
sixty so as to read :'
With a draw over the main channcl of tho rivor
at an accessible and navigable point, and with spans
of not less than one hundred and sixty feet in length
in tho clear, ou each tide of the central or pivot pier
of tho draw.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 5. That. thcSt. Joseph Bridge-Building Com-
pany, after tho passago ol' this act, shall not havo
tho right to assign tho charter which said company
now holds by iinyiKnmcnf. from tho St. Joseph
and Denver City Railroad Company, and whioh was
granted to said hist, named company by virtue of an
act of Congress appiovcd July 1-1,1870, to any other
company, person, or persons; nor shall said bridge-
buildirxf oompanybe permitted, undor tho said char-
ter so obtumod, as alorcs id, from tho St. J osoph aud
Denver City luiilroud Company, to coustrnot any
other bridge than the one now boiii? constructed at
Bt. Josopli, Missouri.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to have a
litt.le information about this bill in one or two
particulars. I should like to know which rail-
way company is to operate for one thing.
Mr. SCI1UKZ. 11, is to he operated by all
tho railroads leading into St. Joseph.
Mr. CONKUNC. But what railroad com-
pany is to have charge of it?
Mr. SCHURZ. The St. Joseph Jiridge-
BuikUng Company—really the city itself.
Mr. RAMSEY. The city builds this bridge
for comrnun railroad purposes, an older char-
ter once existing in behalf of some of the
railroad companies having been transferred to
the bridge-building company. There is a
clause against bmldingtwo bridges at thesame
place.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 do not know that there
is any objection to this bill. J objected to it
last year because they are building a bridge
there, and 1 thought this was an etlbrt to get
two bridges or to interfere with the one already
being built. 1 do not know that it is so now.
Mr. .RAMSEY. No; the former bridge
privilege is merged in this.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that there
is any objection to this bill, but lust year I
thought there was. 1 understand now that it
is not intended as an antagonistic movement
to the company already building the bridge,
which is perhaps half done. I am told that
the new bridge proposed by this charter is not
to be used as against the other, but to be con-
solidated with it.
Mr. SCHURZ. It is a consolidation.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know anything
about it; but if that is so, I have nothing to
say against it.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is that verv pro-
vision in this bill that there shall be nobridge
built under the old charter.
Mr. POMEROY. The only point is, that I
never eould see why they wanted two bridges
there.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrencc of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 619) appropriating money
for the purchase of a suitable site and erecting
a building thereon in the city of St. Louis,
Missouri, to be used for the purpose of a cus-
tom-house,' post office, and other Federal
offices;
A bill (H. R. No. 1321) to relieve the per-
sons therein named from legal and political
disabilities;
A bill (H. R. No. 1822) to relieve certain
citizens of Georgia from political disabilities ;
A bill (II. E. No. 1324) to create an"addi-
tional land district in the State of Minnesota ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1325) to remove the dis-
abilities of certain persons therein named ;
A bill (II. R, No. 1320) to relieve the polit-
ical disabilities of certain persons therein
named; and
A bill (II. R. No. 1330) to amend the thirty-
second section of an aet entitled "An act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
approved July 14, 1870.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
Suites, by Mr. Horace Pouter, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President, had this day
approved and signed the act. (S. No. 524)
to correct a clerical error committed in the
enrollment of an act approved March 7, 1870,
entitled ''An act to relievo certain persons
therein named from tho legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes."
political disabilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill (H. R. No. 380)
for the removal of legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States is before the Senate,
tho pending question being on the motion of
the Senator irom South Carolina, [Mr. Rob-
ertson,] to postpone the bill and proceed tc
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1050)
for the removal of legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, upon which tho Sen-
ator from Delaware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY addressed the Senate.
[His speech, withheld for revision, will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. SCIIURZ. Mr. President, when this
debate commenced before the holidays, I re-
frained from taking part in it, aud from
expressing my opinions ou some of the provis-
ions of the bill now before us, hoping as I did
that the measure could be passed without diffi-
culty, and that a great many of those who
now labor under political disabilities would be
immediately relieved. This expectation was
disappointed. An amendment to the bill was
adopted. It will have to go back to the House
of Representatives now unless by some parlia-
mentary means we get rid of the amendment,
and there being no inducement left to waive
what criticism we might feel inclined to bring !
forward, we may consider the whole question i
open. i
I beg leave to say that I am ill favor of gen- i
eral, or as this word is considered more express- j
ive, universal amnesty, believiug as I do that j
the reasons which make it desirable that there
should be amnesty granted at all, make it also
desirable that the amnesty should be univer-
sal. The Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Sawyer] has already given notice that ho will
move to strike out the exceptions from the
operation of this act of relief for which the
bill provides. If he had not declared his inten-
tion to that effect, I would do so. In any event,
whenever he otfershis amendment I shall most
heartily support it.
In the course of this debate we have listened
to some Senators, as they conjured up before
our eyes once more all the horrors of the rebel-
lion, the wickedness of its conception, how
terrible its incidents were, and how harrow-
ing its consequences. Sir, I admit it all; I will
not combat the correctness of the picture; and
yet if I differ with the gentlemen who drew it,
it, is because, had the conception of the rebel-
lion been still more wicked, had its incidents
been still more terrible, its consequences still
more harrowing, I could not permit myself to
forget that in dealing with tho question now
before us we liavo to deal not alone with the
past, but with the present and future interests
of this Republic.
What do we want to accomplish as good citi-
zens and patriots? Do we mean only to inflict
upon late rebels pain, degradation, mortifica-
tion, annoyance, for its own sake, to torture
their feelings without any ulterior purpose?
Certainly such a purpose could not by any pos-
sibility animate high-minded men. I presume,
therefore, that those who still favor the con-
tinuance of some of the disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment do so because
they have some higher object of public useful-
ness in view, an object of public usefulness
sufficient to justify, in their minds at least, the
denial of rights to others which we ourselves
enjoy.
What can those objects of public usefulness
be? Let me assume that if we differ as to tho
means to be employed, we are agreed as to
the supreme end and aim to be reached. That
end and aim of our endeavors can be no other
than to secure to all the States the blessings
of good and free government and the highest
degree of prosperity and well-being they can
attain, and to revive in all citizeus of this
Republic that lovefo# the Union and its insti-
tutions, and that inspiring consciousness of
a common nationality, which, after all, must
bind all Americans together.
What are tho best means for the attainment
of that end? This, sir, as I conceive it, is tho
only legitimate question we have to decide.
Certainly all will agree that this end is far from
having been attained so far. Look at the
southern States as they stand before us to-
day. Some are in a condition bordering
upon anarchy, not only on account of the
social disorders which are occurring there,
or the inefficiency of their local governments
in securing tho enforcement of the laws; but
you will find in many of them fearful corrup-
tion pervading the whole political organiza-
tion ; a combination of rascality and ignorance
wielding official power; their finances de
rauged by profligate practices; their credit
ruined ; bankruptcy staring them in the face ;
their industries staggering under a fearful load
of taxation; their property-holders and capi-
talists paralyzed by a feeling of insecurity and
distrust almost amounting to despair. Sir,
let us not try to disguise these facts, for the
world knows them to be so, and knows it but
too well.
What are the causes that have contributed
to bring about this distressing condition? I
admit that groat civil wars resulting in such
vast social transformations, as the sudden abo-
lition of slavery, are calculated to produce
similar results; but it might be presumed that
a recuperative power such as this country
possesses might during the time which has
elapsed since the close of the war at least have
very materially alleviated many of the conse-
quences of that revulsion, had a wise policy
been followed.
Was the policy we followed wise? Was it
