4282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
to build a road down the Potomac substan-
tially on tbe same line witli this company, and
they are at work in building their road and
have a large body of men now engaged in con-
structing it.
Mr. NYE. On the other side of the river.
Mr. HAllLAN. It may be on the other
side of the river; but it is on substantially ihe
same line, intended to supply the commercial
wants of the same district of people. Know-
ing that this is so, I suppose as a matter of
course this bill will elicit some debate. There
are but a few minutes left of the morning
hour. I have been very anxious to get up a
bill myself that will occupy but a few min-
utes. I know there are other Senators that
have bills which they wish taken up that will
not elicit any debate whatever, and on this
account I think it will be 110 more than right
for the Senator from South Carolina to per-
mit this measure to be passed over for the
present.
Mr. SAWYER. As I did not have the op-
portunity to say a word abour, this bill before
it was taken out o£ my hands entirely, I should
like the opportunity to say one or two words.
Mr. HAliLAN. I am perfectly willing to
hear the Senator make au explanation il he
wishes to do so.
Mr. SAWYHIl. I imagined that the usage
of ihe Senate was to allow the Senator who
moved a bill lo say something about it.
Mr. HAliLAN. Certainly, L am perfectly
willing to hear the honorable Senator.
Mr. SAVVYKlt. 1 will say that so far from
this being a charter got up to obsiructanother
railroad, the railroad in now being graded on
the Maryland .side of the line ; ihe company
are going on in good faith to riot,lie work, and
all they usls i.s to continue, for the short dia-
lance in which the track lies in this District,
the work they are already doing on llie Mary-
land side of the line. 1 do not imagine that
ii. is ihe business of the Congress of ihe United
Slates to be trying to preventrailroads coming
into I his District, which we all profess so much
to desire. Neither do 1 imagine that it is our
business here to protect the interest of any par-
ticular railroad by forbidding another ono to
come into this District. Tho interests of the
public have something todo with this maUerus
well as the interests of a particular railroad
cunjpany who previously had a charier. This
does not bring the railioad into the city of
Washington at all. It simply' brings it to the
other side of tho Eastern Branch. It leaves
to subsequent legislation the mode in which il
shall enter this cny. it leaves the location of
a station and all ihat to subsequent legislation.
It provides for the protection of nil private
lights and in a manner very carefully guarded,
watched by tho Senator from Maryland, who
has given careful consideration to every pro-
vision of this bill. I can see no reason why
it should elicit opposition unless it is desired
to keep the railroad business on that side of
the river in the hands of a single company.
Mr. VICKEliS. With refere nee to the road
spoken of by the Senator from Iowa, I under-
stand it is to stiike the Baltimore and Potomac
road about ten miles from Washington. This
13 a road directly to the Eastern Branch. 1
cannot see that there is any rivalry between
them. They have both been incorporated by
ray State, and both are now in process of con-
struction.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no personal objec-
tion to the passage of the bill. 1 only sup-
posed it would elicit debate. If it can go
through without debate, 1 have no objection.
Air. CHANDLER, Mr. President, on Mon-
day last I gave this notice to the Senate :
X desire to give notice that I shall, at an early
day, attempt to vindicate the memory of a dead per-
sonal friend from the foal aspersions east upon him
on this floor, h. M. btanton was while living my
persoaal iriend, and I honor his memory, aud I
shall attempt a vindication ot it."
At that time no response had been made to
the assaults upon the reputation of the late E.
M. Stanton, and I felt it to be my duty to make
some remarks in his defense ; but since that
time I have listened to so able and so exhaust-
ive adefmise from the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Oarpenter| and the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] that I do not now deem it
necessary for roe to make an extended speech.
I find that the strongest and most perfect de-
fense of the memory of E. M. Stanton is his
own language. I ask the Secretary to read
the matter to which I took exception.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan rises to a personal explana-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall be very brief,
and may as well make it upon this bill. I shall
occupy but a few minutes in making the state-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The paper
sent up to the desk will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following extract
from Mr. Sumneu's speech of Friday last:
"Something also muat be attributed to individual
character; aud here X express no opinion ot my
own ; i shall allow another to speak in solemn words
echoed from the rninb.
"On reaching Washington at tho openingof Con-
Krcss in December, 1869. 1 was pained to hear that
Mr. Stanton, lately Secretary of War, was in failing
hoallh. Full of gratitude tor his uiimup.issed
service?, and with aseuliincnt of friendship quick-
ened by common political sympathies, X tostno time
ill seeing him, and repented my visits until his
death, toward tile close of thermae month. My last
visit was marked by a communication never to be
forgotten. As X enterodhisbed-room, where Hound
hiiu reclining on a sofa, propped by pillows, ho
reached out bis hand, already clammy cold, and in
reply to my inquiry, 'How are you?'answered,
' Waiting for my furloush.' Then at oneo with
singular solemnity lie Bind, 'i h.ivc something to
say to you.' When X was seated he proceeded wiih-
cuu one word of introduction: '1 know Ueneral
tlrilnt, bettor I. hi II any other poison 111 tile eouativ
can know hull. It, wasmy duly to si udy him, aud I
did so night anil day, when Xsaw him and when I
did not sec him, and now X tell you what. X know,
h<- fannot (/vvn-n thin vtjuntiy.' The intensity of his
manner niiU tho posiiivene.isof his judgement sur-
prised me, tor though 1 was awaro that tho lute
Seerotaryof War (lid not plaoo the X^rcsident very
hitrh ill general capacity, 1 was not prepared tor a
judumentso stronnly couched. At last, after somo
delay, occupied in meditating his remarkable words,
X observed, 'What you say is very broad.' ' it is
as truo aa it is broad,' ho replied promptly, X
added, Ion are tardy; you tell this late; why did
you not Pay it before his nominal ion ?' He
answered that he wits not consulted about tho
nominal ion, and had no oppot tuiuty of expressing
his opinion upon it, besides being much occupied at
the time hy his duties as Secretary of Wiir and his
contest with tho President. X followed by saying.
' Xiut you took part in the presidential election, and
made «, succession of speeches fur him in Ohio and
i etinsyl vaiua.' *1 spoke,' said ho, ' but I n^vor
introduced tho name oi Gcnoral Grant. I spoke tor
tho -Republican party und tho Republican cause.'
I Im wa« tho last limo I saw Mr. Stanton. A lew
days Inter I followed him to tho <?r ivo whore iie
now rests; As tho vagaries of the Vresideut became
moid maiutost, and tho presidential office seemed
more and more a plaything and peiquisito, this
dying judgment of the great citizen who know him
so well haunted mo constantly day and nignt, and I
now coiminuneute it to my country, feeling that it is
a legacy which I have no right to withhold. Beyond
the intrinsic luterost from its author, it is not without
value us testimony hi coriMdeimg how the President
could havo been lead iuto that Quixotism of
personal pretension which it is my duty to expose."
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, that
statement was so at variance with expressions
made to me by the late E. M. Stanton that 1 felt
called upon to give my own recollection and
that of oUiej-s with regard to that subject; but
smce then I have ascertained that bus own lan-
guage is his best vindication. You will notice,
Mr. President, that Mr. Stanton is made to
say that he never mentioned the name of Gen-
eral Grant. I now ask the Clerk to read tbe
marked passages in the speecli that lies be-
foie him of E. M. IStainon, delivered at Steu-
benvilie, Ohio, duiing the campaign of 1868.
The Chief Clerk read as follows;
44 These friends who had resisted the war at every
stage were equally bold and confident in their
expectation that their hour of triumph was at hand;
but those hopes a-ud expectations were doomed to
an ignominous overthrow at the polls by the election
ot Abraham Lincoln, and on the field of battle by
our Army under the command of General Grant.
[Applause.3" ■*>***■** + *
"The result was decisive. Twenty-one States, with
two hundred and thirteen electoral votes, from two
millions of people, supported their Government.
The estimate ot General Grant upon this result is
expressed in the lollowing telegram:
City Point, November 10,1864—10:30,2?. m.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War :
Enough now seems to he known to say who is to
hold the reigns of Government for tbe next four
years. Congratulate the President for this double
victory. [Applause.] Tho election having passed
off quietly, with no bloodshed or not througout the
land, is a victory worth more to the country than a
battle won. Robeldom and Europe will construe
*^so* U. S. GRANT, Lieutenant General.
" Encouraged thus by the people, by the Army, by
the great eommnndcr, on the 1st of January, 1864,
Abraham Lincoln struck a blow at the loot of the
rebellion, by the emancipation procla-mation, lib-
erating four million of slaves—strengthening our
Armv, and carrying dismay into the hearts of the
rebels. [Aprdaui^e.J" * * v * * *
" Others ior re-isons needless to be discussed, are
still a dc;id letter, and they will remain so until
General Grant shall be elected President, of tho
United States. (Applause.] General Grant, then,
stands this day beforo vou, the lorcmost military
commander in the world, with peace as his watch-
word. [llenewedapplnuse.] Why should ho not bo
elected? (.A voice. "Ho will.'J What reason has
any lover of his country lor not voting fur him?
13y his side stands Schuyler Colfax, who, by his own
energy and industry, hasadvanced from the position
of a printerto iheofiiccnf the Speaker, and tor three
successive terms has tilled that high office with
honor and distinction." * * * * *
"Again I ask, what reason has any man to vote
against General Grant? His capacity and integrity
in civil administration were equally manifest through
the vast territory in which he operated. Then
again, 1 say, if you would hide from the boy the
musket his father earned at Vicksburg, or upon
Lookout Mountain, or through the Wilderness, or
.Richmond, at the Five .Forks, or at the Appomattox
Court-House, or when he shouldered his knapsack
and musket, and marched with two hundred thou-
sand men of his fellow-soldiers through the streets
ot Washington, around the Capitol and Ihe Presi-
dent's llou^o, that he detended with ins life for
years, on the long marches, the wearisome sieges,
and ail the storm ol battle, then vote against Gen-
oral Grant, that the boy may not hang ins h«ud in
shame when he beholds the father's musket over the
mantel-piece or fiie-place." ********
" If there is any man among you that would re-
verse tho order oi history, and would bring shame
and reproach upon your Army and Navy—who
would have your commander deliver up his sword,
humbly bowing before the rebel commander—let
that man vote against Grant, but. never aaain call
himself an American citizen. [Loud cheers.] If
there is any man who desires to see, and whose eye-
balls would not burn like fire to behold, upon
the steps of the p< uico of the Capitol with Preston
and Forrest of Fort Pillow before him, and tho
confederate army around and in front of him, listen-
ing to the rebel yell as it w is heard upon tlie liold
of battle, aud in tho New York convention, [loud
cheorjs] let, such a man vote against Grant, and go
to Washington on tho 4th of March next to behold
the Government turned over to the rebels."
" Mr. Stanton concluded with an eloquent appeal
to all the loyal people, to all who love their country
at heart, to work assiduously, to work with ardor,
and, by thecleetion oi General Grant, give liberty,
contentment, and happiness to tne nation forever."
Mr. CHANDLER. I have her© a'so a
series of five speeches made by the late K M.
Stanton during that political campaign, in
every one of which he alludes to General
Grant in the highest terms, not only as to his
military capaci.y, but as to his civil capacity.
Mr. President, I had occasion in company
with Mr, Wade, formerly Senator from Ohio,
as member of the Committee on the Conduct
of the War, to see Air. Stanton I think on an
average once a day during the whole war, and
I was in the habit of visaing him up to the
time of his death, and never under any cir-
cumstances did he express in my presence any
but the highest opinion of General Grant both
as to his military capacity and as to his civil
capacity.
Mr. President, on the Friday before the
dea*.h of E. M. Stanton, I had occasion to
visit him in company with two friends, mem-
bers ot the oLher House, one Hon, Judge
Beaman, then a member from Mic .igan, the
other Judge Coxgrr, now a member from
Michigan. We had that day along interview
of not less than an hour and a half, wherein
Mr. Stanton expressed the highest opinion of
President Grant, both as to his military and
civil capacity. I awaited an interview with
