1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
as to location in this mighty country. I am
gratified to know that the Senator is living in
the close settlements, where the people are
compact and comfortable, with railroads, tele-
graphs, and everything that a great and happy
people admire and should enjoy.
Gentlemen, however, have got up here and
have given their views, absurd though they
may be supposed to be, who live upon the
frontier to some extent, in Nevada and other
western States. I can testify for Texas.
Things are not exactly in one region of this
country as they are in another. I wish they
were. I am grateful to know that we are
upon the line of prosperity. I had thought
this was a day of progress. It seems not to
be so, however, in this particular.
Something is said occasionally about the
amount required. All agree that it is a large
sum. That, however, is not the consideration
for legislators on this occasion. The question
is, is it proper? If it be, it is scarcely neces-
sary to look to the dollars and cents. The
Government has the ability to make the appro-
priation, and in doing so she will do that which
she has heretofore regularly done.
Why, sir, this may be illustrated, after so
much has been said, wisely and wittily too, if
you please, by a trial I once witnessed in a
court. A Methodist preacher, a very genteel,
clever gentleman, as they usually are, I am
glad to testify, had got into some little diffi-
culty; he was assaulted; and he was told by
his friends to go to the grand jury and pre-
sent his grievances. The case came up for
trial. The young gentleman was placed upon
the stand to testify. Me stated that, the assail-
ant had assaulted him with brickbats, rocks,
op something or other. He was required to
show their relative positions at the time, and
he did so. The opposing attorney asked him
what he was doing. Ho said he was advanc-
ing. "Advancing!" exclaimed the attorney.
" Yes." Said the lawyer, "Show us how you
advanced." "Well," he replied, "I was
advancing backward." [Laughter.]
Now, the proposition here this morning is
for the Senate to advance backward. It is
not a progressive measure. We had been real-
izing substantial benefit from this publication.
I know that in my country, where libraries are
not so plenty, where facilities are not as they
are in those happy regions in other portions of
the country that i have undertaken to describe,
the lawyers practicing through that State
secure the publication of the laws regularly in
the authorized papers. Sometimes they are
copied intoother newspapers that thereby wish
to extend theic circulation. The lawyers quote
from the laws thus published m court. The
question is asked by the counsel on the oppo-
site side perhaps, "Is that an official paper?"
If it be au official paper it is recognized, and
in this way the benefits of the law are realized
at an early period. If it is not an official
paper, the attorney says, " Oh, sir you cannot
put that on me; that is a newspaper story;
that will not answer the purpose." I tell you
it is a wholesome provision, and we are receiv-
ing substantial benefits from it that I should
very much 1 egret at this hour to see ignored,
particularly in Texas.
Mr. CORBliTT. These papers have been
designated for the Congress, 1 believe ; that is,
the Congress commencing on the 4th of March
last, for two years. Therefore the repeal of
this law, to take effect from the 1st of next
July, would be improper. These papers have
made their arrangements for the publication
of the laws, and perhaps have been estab-
lished in some instances or eoutinued owing
to the fact that they had obtained the publica-
tion of the laws.
This subject may not be of so much import-
ance to large States like New York and those
upon the sea-board and those near the seat of
Government, where the laws are published by
the principal newspapers; but it must be ob-
served that those papers do not circulate in the
distant States and Territories. The State which
I have the honor in part to represent is some
three thousand miles distant from here. It is
as large as all the New England States and
New York put together ; and over that .vast ex-
tent of country the people are settled more or
less. The principal paper at the seat of gov-
ernment is one of those designated for the pub-
lication of these laws, with one other in our
State, and those papers are taken very exten-
sively throughout the State for that reason,
owing to the fact that the laws are published
in them.
I trust that the small expense of fifteen
hundred or two thousand dollars a session or a
year for the publication of these laws in two
newspapers in each Stale will not be deemed
a sufficient reason for the repeal of the law.
If we cannot afford to appropriate $2,000 for
the publication of the laws in each of the
States, it seems to me we ought to stop the
appropriations that we make for many other
objects. I think we ought not to commence
cutting down at this point. The people in the
mining districts in our State take the papers
in which these laws are published, file and pre-
serve them, and refer to them. In many in-
stances they are the only copies of the laws
that our lawyers have to refer to. We do not
publish enough of the laws in pamphlet form
to enable us to send them even to the lawyers
and the principal people throughout these dis-
tant States. Here the laws are published in
Boston and New York, and the lawyers procure
the laws from there, and our pamphlet edition
printed here is not preserved by them particu-
larly. It is circulated, it is true, through the
distant Territories and States, but not in suffi-
cient numbers to give the people a general
idea of the laws. The idea that we are to pass
laws and require the people to obey those laws,
and yet not publish them to the people, so that
they may know what they are, I think is wrong.
We should coutinue the publication of these
laws. I am opposed to the amendment, as pro-
posed to repeal the law, or even if it should
be modified in the form suggested that we may
publish the laws for this present session. I
think it ought not to be repealed or changed
at all.
Mr. LOGAN. I think there is a principle
involved in this matter that I have not heard
suggested which ought at least to have some
weight in the minds of Senators in reference
to this publication of the laws. It is a pre-
sumption of the law that every man is pre-
sumed to know the law, a very violent pre-
sumption, it is true, yet that is the presumption
of ihe law. That being the case, it strikes me
that it is the duty of the legislative depart-
ment of the Government to afford every facil-
ity to the j>eople that they may acquire that
knowledge which they are required m law to
have but in fact do not have. That strikes me
as being the point in this case that requires
the publication of the laws in the newspapers
of the country.
As far as the reasons for it are concerned,
there are one or two very good ones, it seems
to me. The laws as published, I presume,
will not be read generally by the people,
although, as I have said, they ire presumed to
know the law ; yet in order that lawyers and
judges shall keep pace with the law, they must
of necessity read the statutes as they are pub-
lished. It is a great waste of time in lawyers
aud judges of courts to have to wait until the
laws are published in large volumes and then
sit down and read them all at once. It is im-
portant, in order that the judges of the dif-
ferent courts may acquire the proper knowl-
edge of the laws and give a proper construc-
tion to the laws, that they should be afforded
every facility for obtaining them as they are
enacted. Certainly, all the facility that can be
afforded by the legislative department should
be given them to obtain a knowledge of the
law. This publication is more important to
the legal profession than it is to the majority
of the people, because it is through that pro-
fession that the people themselves have the
adjudication of their rights in reference to the
law.
Hcnec, I deem this publication a principle
that ought to be earned out, and one that the
legislative department should not deviate from
at this time. Inasmuch as it has been the
practice to publish the laws in the newspapers
for the purpose I have suggested, I think it
would be a bad course of policy at this time to
refuse to continue that publication, which is
intended to give this information.
These suggestions are all that strike me as
being important in connection with this sub-
ject; but they are of sufficient importance to
at least require me to vote for the continuation
of the publication of the laws in the news-
papers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) If there be no
objection the modification suggested by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will be regarded as accepted.
Mr. SPRAGUE aud Mr. POMEROY. I
object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. In the first place, the
Clerk of the House of Representatives selects
these papers for a Congress, not for a session,
which expires it may be in May or June, and
if that modification is accepted, then the papers
already designated are cut off at the end of this
session.
Mr. MORTON. And it violates the con-
tract.
Mr. POMEROY. Of course the Senate can
not accept that. The Senator himself does not
want to move it.
Mr. COLE. A question was asked by some
Senator awhile ago as to whether there was
not some contract existing that would extend
beyond the present fiscal year. 1 have no
knowledge upon that point, but I do not believe
there are any such contracts. If there were
such contracts, it is not at all likely that the
Secretary of State would have overlooked them
in the letter which I hold in my hand in which
he suggests the abolition of this law. * I think
there is not the slightest danger, therefore, of
Congress interfering with any existing contract
by adopting this amendment.
Mr. NYE. When does he say that the now
existing arrangements with the newspapers
expire?
Mr. COLE. He does not speak of any con-
tracts at all.
Mr. NYE. Then it is an omission on his
part. Because he does not speak of con-
tracts is not any reason why they do not
Mr. COLE. He says:
"It is respectfully suggested that the sections of
the act cited, and the third section of the act of
March 9, 1868, in relation to the promulgation of the
laws, and all other acts authorizing the publication
of the laws in newspapers, be repealed immedi-
ately."
If there were any existing contracts, clearly
the Secretary of State would not have made a
recommendation of that kind. That is all the
answer I have to make to the inquiry that was
put, I believe, by the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator in reference to the mode
of doing this business. I do not know any-
thing about the letter of the Secretary of State.
I understand that the Clerk of the House of
Representatives is authorized to designate cer-
tain papers in each State in which the laws are
to be published. After that designation is
made, it is then sent, as I understand, to the
Department of State, where the order is made.
These designations have already been made,
as 1 understand. So far as my own State is
