3386
THE CONGRESSIOKA-L GLOBE.
May 13,
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, there were—ayes95, noes 25.
Mr. BBATTY and Mr. COS demanded
tellers.
On ordering tellers, there were—ayes eight-
een.
So (one fifth of a quorum not having voted
in the affirmative) tellers were not ordered.-
Mr. BEATTY demanded the yeas'and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes 27, noes 94.
So (one fifth having voted in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Does this resolution include
both the tariff and tax clauses of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It includes both.
Mr. BEATTY. I ask that the resolution
may be again read.
The resolution wag again read.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to make a
parliamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. KILLINGEEi. I hope the gentleman
will not make a stump speech in the belly of it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Perhaps it will not
agree with the gentleman's stomach. I would
inquire whether, if a part of the bill should
not be gone over by the committee before the
time for debate closed, that would prevent
amendments being offered to that portion ?
The SPEAKEii. It would prevent discus-
sion, but not amendment.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 127, nays GO, not voting 63 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Acker, Ames. Archer, Averill,
Bell, JL5evoridge,Bigby, James G. Blair, Boles, Buf-
rintou, Burehimi, Jiuidett, Campbell, CoghUin,
Conger, Cotton, Criteher, Crocker, D.irmll, l):ivis,
Dickey, Donnan, Duoll, Duke. Elliott,Karnsworlh,
Harwell, Pmkolnburg, Charles Foster, Wildei 1>.
Poster. Jfryc, Garfield, Gctz, Griflith, Hale, iiaiuble-
ton. Ilandley, Harper, George E. Harris', John T.
Harris, Havens, JIawlcy, Hays, Gurry \V. llazolton,
Hereford, llormlou, Hull, Hoar, Houghton, Kotcham,
Killinger, Lamport, Lansing, Man**on, MeClclland,
MoCrary, McGrew, Mclutyre, Melvee, McKmncy,
Merrmm, iVlerriek, Benjamin 11\ Meyers, Monroe,
Morcy, Morphia, Nogley, Niblaok, Orr, Puckurd,
Paiuier, Isaac C. Parker. Peck, Perce, Eli Perry,
Peters, Poland, Prindle, ltainey, Randall, Ellis If.
lloberts, Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sar-
gent. Sawyer, Scoiield. Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Sherwood, Sloss, 11. Boardman Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, R. Milton Speer,
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Storm,'
iStougbton, Strong, St. John, Sutherland, Swann,
Svpher, Tafib, Turner, Xwicheli, Tyner, Upson,
Vitughan, Wakeiuan, Waldon, Waldron, Wnllaee,
"Walls, Warren. Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard,
Williama of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—127.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Ambler. Arthur. Bcatty,
Beck, Bingham, Biid, Austin Blair, Braxton, James
Brooks, Buckley, Caldwell, Carroll, Cobb, Corningo,
Conner, Cox, Crobs, Crossiand, Bu Bo^c, Dunnell,
Eames,Eldredge, Golladay, Hancock, iiauks. Uar-
mer, John W. Hazelton, hibbard, Holiuan, Kelley,
Kendall, Kerr, King, Lewis, Marshall, MeJunkin,
McNeely, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Hosea W. Par-
ker, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perrv. Price, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. ltice, William R. Rob-
erts, Shober, Slater, John A. Smith, Stevens. Ste-
venson, Washington Townsend, Voorhecs, Waddell,
AVhitthorne, Williams of New York, Winchester,
and Young-—6(1.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barber, Barnum,
Barry, Biggs, Bright, George M. Brooks, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Clarke. Cabin n,
Crecly, Dawes, l)e Laige, l)ox, Ely, Forker, Henry
1). Foster, Garrett, Giddings, Goodrich, Haldeman,
Halsey, Hay, Hooper, Kellogg, Kinsella, Lamison,
Leach, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, MeCoriniek, Mc-
Henry. Mereur, Mitchell. Moore, Packer, Piatt, Por-
ter, Potter, Ritchie, Sheliaharger, Shoemaker, Slo-
cuui, Snyder, Stowell, Terry, Thomas, 1) wight
Townsend, Tuthill, Van Trump, and Wood—53.
So {two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rule<* wern suspended, and the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say that I did
not vote on the question just decidcd, prefer-
ring to leave it entirely to the House. After
the vote which has just been announced it
will be my duty to ask the House to go into
Committee of the Whole to-morrow immedi-
ately after the reading of the Journal.
MKSSAGK FROM the senate.
A message fi om the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, informed tbe Honp-e that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 554) for the relief of James
F. Joy;
A bill (S. No. 1078) increasing the rate of
pension to certain persons therein described;
A bill (S. No. 877) to create an additional
land district in the State of Kansas;
A bill ($. No. 1071) for the relief of the
heirs ot Wilken Biesterfeldt, late of Spitzen-
dorf, Germany ;
A bill (S. No. 569) for the relief of Thomas
B. Wallace, of Lexington, in the State of
Missouri;
A bill (S. No. 984) granting a right of way
through the public lands to the Denver and
Rio Grande Railway Company;
A bill (S. No. 819) authorizing the construc-
tion of railroad bridges across the Mobile river
and other navigable streams tributary to Mo-
bile bay, in accordance with the acts of the
Legislature of the State of Alabama, and to
establish them as post roads ; and
A bill (S. No. 617) in relation to the Dakota
Railroad Company.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the House of the
following titles:
A bill (H. 11. No. 207) for the relief of
Robert L. D. Burchfield ; and
A bill (H. It. No. 2048) for the relief of
Robert A. Mayo, of Richmond, Virginia.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the House of the
following titles, with amendments ; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
A bill (H. K. No. 2000) defining and limit-
ing the appropriation of certain moneys for
the preparation, issue, and reissue of the secur-
ities of the United States, and for other pur-
poses ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2207) to authorise the
construction of a bridge, and to establish the
same as a post road.
STATUK OK SENATOR li A KEft.
Mr. SAUGENT. 1 move to suspend the
rules and put upon its passage the bill (Id.
R. No. 2702) providing for a life size marble
statue of the late Senator Edward Dickinson
baker.
The bill was read. It appropriates the sum
of $10,000 to procure, to be placed in the
Capitol, a life size marble statue of the late
Senator Edward Dickinson Baker, from the
marble model for such statue now in the pos-
session of the family of the deceased Senator;
and the Librarian of Congress is authorized and
directed to make a contract with Horatio Stone
to carry out the provisions of this act.
The question was put., and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the bill was passed.
unitkd states consul at liverpool.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution j which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
UphoIuwI, That t he Secretary of State be requested
to communieat e to thi«< House copies oi al I papers as
may be on tile in the Department of State relative
to and embracing complaints of alleged grievances
of merchants, ship-owners, navigators, ?.nd other
persons with rcsp; ct to the administration and man-
agement of the affairs of the United Statos consulate
at Livci pool, England.
TARIFP.
Mr. BEATTY rose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposesthat
the gentleman rises to renew his resolution in
relation to debate on the tariff bill. The
Chair has already informed the gentleman
that it would require a two-thirds vote to adopt
the resolution now, while it would only re*
quire a majority when the House reaches the
bill.
Mr. BEATTY. The House has already
passed a resolution similar to this, and I de-
sire to understand now whether the additional
time will be given.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
the resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That when the House shall again re-
sume the consideration, in Committee of the Whole,
of the bill to redueo duties on imports, &c., all deba te
upon the first paragraph from the first lino of sec-
tion two down to and including tho twenty-flfth
hno, inclusive, of section two, shall be extended for
and closed in half an hour.
Mr. FARN8WORTH. Let it be extended
for one hoar.
The SPEAKER. Upon this paragraph all
debate has been closed, and now the gentle-
man from Ohio desires to extend it for half
an hour.
Mr. FARNSWOllTH. I would ask the
gentleman to make his motion one hour.
Mr. DAWES. This resolution must be de-
cided in view of the limitation which has been
put upon the whole debate; whatever is ex-
tended here, is taken out of the rest of the
debate.
Mr. BEATTY. Allow me to test the sense
of the House on half an hour first.
The question was put on Mr. Beatty's mo-
tion, and there were—ayes 75, noes 54.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has twice
notified the gentleman that he can carry his
motion by a majority vote when the question
comes up of going into Committee of the
Whole, and will give him an opportunity to
make that motion.
RKDKJrmON AND SALE OF LANDS.
Mr. KERR. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back tbe
bill to provide for the redemption and sale of
lands held by the United States under the
several acts levying direct taxes, with an
amendment in tho nature of a substitute.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman that it would perhaps be
better to have it printed, as tbe substitute is
very long.
Mr. KERR. I do not think there will be
any objection to the bill. It is a Seriate bill,
which lias been redrafted and put into a more
legal and regular form and shape. There are
now being prosecuted many actions in the late
insurrectionary States for the recovery of pos-
session by the Government of lands heretofore
sold and bought in by the Government for non-
payment of direct taxes. It is matter of
simplest justice and of emergency that this
relief shall be speedily granted. The bill
ought to be passed at once. It comes from,
the Treasury Department, approved by that
Department and by the Bureau of Internal
Revenue, ntid drafted after careful consulta-
tion with a very intelligent officer of the latter
bureau. It only proposes to permit, the re-
demption of lands bought at direct tax sales
by the United States in the name of the
United States, and that only on condition of
the payment of all such taxes, and of ail costs
and charges, with ten per cent, interest.
There are two or three other bat entirely
proper and germane matters in the bill. The
bill is in substance tbe same as the Senate
bill, but extends the time for redemption to
two instead of one year.
Mr. L, S. Emery, of the internal revenue
office, has furnished to the committee, under
the direction of his superior officer, a very in-
structive historical statement of the legislation
and proceedings for the collection of direct,
taxes, from which I obtain the following facts :
By tho provisions of an net of Congress entitled
"An act to provide increased revenue trom imports
to pay lntei est on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved AuKu^t 5. 18(51, a United States
direct tax ot £20,000,000 per annum was apportioned.
pro rata, to the then existing States, Territories, and
Pi^tuct of Columbia.
The act itself fixed theamount of tax apportioned
to each, and provided that each State, &c., might
assume payment, and pay the same in its own way,
, and through its own o0icers, but that notice
Should bo given to the Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States, on or before the second Tuesday
of lebiuary next thereafter, of its intention to as-
sume and to pay its quota, and thatfifteen per cent,
should be deducted on the amounts actually paid
