2490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
any difficulty in that respect. I prefer that
the Senator should not press his amendment
on this bill. It might hazard a very import-
ant and useful bill, as I think, to promote the
ends of justice and enable the courts to pro-
ceed in causes without having them go off on
mere technical objections not affecting the
merits of eases. It is important that a bill
of this character should pass. It is not a
bill relative to criminal offenses, and the
amendment is not exactly germane (although
I do not mean to say that it is out of order)
to the bill under consideration. I hope the
Senator will not ask a vote upon it, but will
introduce it as a separate bill, or offer it as an
amendment to some bill that is still peuding,
and let it be referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee to be considered.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to embar-
rass this bill. It is a very important bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator withdraw his amendment ?
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a remark,
and then lwill withdraw it. The State courts
have ample power to protect themselves in all
these matters; but in the United States courts
jurors may be intimidated by letters and vari-
ous other modes that the State courts punish
as contempt, but there is no mode of punish-
ing them in the United States courts. That is
undoubtedly the fact. It is an omission which
ought not to exist. The courts of the United
States ought to have power to protect them-
selves and the jurors as well as the State courts
have; but they have not that power now.
I do not wish to press a matter of this kind.
I know how difficult it is to adjust criminal
laws, and I do notwish to press upon a bill of
this kind an amendment which the Judiciary
Committee have not considered. I withdraw
the amendment, but I would request the Judi-
ciary Committee to consider the subject, be-
cause 1 feel it is a matter of importance.
Mr. FUELING HUYSEN. I move to amend
the bill on the fifth page by striking out in the
seventh section after line eight the proviso, in
the following words:
Prooicled, That no justice of tho Supreme Court
shall hear or allow any application foi an injunction
or restraining order except within the circuit to
which he is allotted, or at such placo outside of the
circuit as tho parties may in writing stipulate.
I think that is objectionable for these rea-
sons: the granting of an injunction is discre-
tionary with the judge always, and lie, ofcoursc,
would not grant an injunction if any proprie-
ties were violated in bringing parties from an
unreasonable distance. He can exercise a dis-
cretion as to whether he will hear it there, or
whether he will postpone it and prevent any
hardship being done. There is no power that
can make a judge grant an injunction if he
thinks the party opposed to it has not had a
fair chance. It is discretionary, and really
there is no difficulty now existing; there is no
complaint made in that behalf. If this law
passes, nobody can grant an injunction here
in Washington excepting the Chief Justice,
for he is the only one in whose circuit Wash-
ington is, and he is the only judge that can
hear an injunction, and there is occasion to
hear a good many in the course of the session
of the court. I think it is very objectionable
in that view.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator does not
mean that no one can hear an injunction ; he
means no one of these judges; but in every
circuit in the United States there is a circuit
judge and there are also district judges, prob-
ably on an average not less than half a dozen.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I (to not mean
to say that no one can hear an injunction in
the districts, but no justice of the Supreme
Court can hear an injunction at Washington
during the session of the Supreme Court
except the Chief Justice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
New Jersey thmk that the ends of justice
require that the justices of the Supreme Court
here engaged in the business of the Supreme
Court should have their attention called to the
granting of preliminary injunctions with refer-
ence to cases that may arise in all parts of this
country, when there are in the portions of the
country where the cause of action arises at
least half a dozen judges vested with this
authority ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think that
there is no reason for taking that power away
from the justices of the Supreme Court. I
think it is wrong to take it away from them.
I think there may be questions in reference to
injunctions when they are the proper persons
to hear them, and that we certainly can intrust
them with that power. If there are any officers
in the United States that do not require to be
hampered by statutory law for fear they may
do some wrong, they are the justices of the
Supreme Court. There is no evil complained
of, there is no abuse of this power, and I think
there is great impropriety in our passing a law
taking away from eight.of the justices of the
Supreme Court the power to hear an injunc-
tion for eight months in the year.
Mr. THURMAN. I would like to ask my
friend from New Jersey if he is advised as to
what the rulings of these judges now are. I am
under the impression very strongly that some of
the judges have held that they have no power to
hear an application outside of their circuits for
an injunction in an ordinary equity case. I do
not speak of the supervisory pow er under special
provisions of the bankrupt law. I have the im-
pression that the judges of the Supreme Court
entertain different opinions as to their power
to hear applications for injunction in ordinary
equity cases outside their respective circuits,
some of the judges holding that they have the
power and others that they have not. I am
under that impression. I think it was so some
time ago. Whether they have come to a con
formity of opinion 1 do not know; but I
inquire for information.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not know
how the fact is. I know that some of the
justices are in the habit of hearing injunction
cases in Washington.
Mr. THURMAN. I know that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Therefore, I
suppose they have adopted no rule contrary
to the exercise of that power, and it is a mat-
ter which we had better leave them to adjust.
Certainly we ought not to pass a statute taking
this important power away from all excepting
the Chief J ustice, throwing the whole burden
of it oil him. In this District it may be re-
markably inconvenient to suitors to be obliged
to depend upon the Chief Justice; his health
may not be sufficient for it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I agree entirely with my
colleague that this clause should be stricken
out of this bill. The object of a court of equity
is to prevent irremediable mischief. Nine
tenths of all applications for preliminary in-
junctions in the States where courts of chan-
cery still exist are heard at chambers. The
place of hearing is a matter of no importance.
It is an application for a preliminary injunc-
tion, in many cases granted without notice,
but in some cases by the rules of the court
notice is required. And for eight months of
the year, as my colleague well says, to pre-
vent the judges of the Supreme Court from
having this power is to deprive the people of
this country, I think, of an agent of the utmost
importance to the administration of justice.
Now let me suggest a case that may occur.
It has been said that you may go to the judges
of the circuit court. Let me suppose a case
where one defendant is'in the State of New
York, in one circuit, another defendant in the
State of New Jersey, in another circuit, an-
other defendant in the State of Louisiana, in
another circuit; suppose a dozen different
defendants in a dozen different States, and
almost as many circuits; in a preliminary
injunction, where can yon go; to what circuit
judge can you go, who can have process served
through his marshal on these different parties ?
It does seem to me that it is a great and sud-
den change. No possible harm can come
from the jurisdiction where it now is, and, if
I am correctly informed, the judges of the
Supreme Court do hold and do act every day
on the principle that they have power to grant
preliminary injunctions when they are here in
Washington outside of their circuits. I think
my colleague is entirely right that great trouble
and great danger may come from this clause,
and 1 do not see what possible good can result
from leaving it in the bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. It seems to me that
this amendment should not prevail. We have
created circuit judgeships so that each district
now has its district judge and a circuit judge.
In other words, it has just as many judges to
apply to for an injunction now, without includ-
ing the justices of the Supreme Court, as it
had before we created the circuit judgeships ;
that is, two. The hardship of this is that a
man may leave Oregon where there is a dis-
trict judge and a circuit judge, and it may be
the two judges who will have to try and dis-
pose of the cause, and he may give notice to
his opponent to appear in Washington to have
that cause heard before Judge Field. So a
man from Maine may give notice that appli-
caiion will be made before Judge Clifford here
in Washington. There is no necessity for this,
and it seems to me that the provision of the
bill as reported by the committee ought to be
sustained by the Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not thmk
that the argument of my friend from Wlscon-
sin is sound, that because there are circuit
judges and district judges who can grant in-
junctions, we should take away this important
power from the justices of the Supreme Court.
Mr. CARPENTER. We do not.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We do.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me suggest this
to my friend : if there should occur a ca?e, for
instance, which Justice Bradley thought he
ought to hear, does anybody believe he would
not take the train and go over to his ciieuit to
hear it ? Ordinarily it would not be necessary
for him, and he would not be bothered with
the application here ; but in an important case
like that suggested by my friend from New
Jersey on the other side, [Mr. Stockton.] cer-
tainly the judge would take the cars and go to
his circuit, to hear it. We do not take away
his jurisdiction, but we fix the place where it
shall be exercised merely.
Mr. FKELINGIIQYSEN. I was saying
that I do not think the argument of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is sound, that because
we have created circuit judges, and because
district judges have the power of granting
injunctions, we should take away the po.wer
from the justices of the Supreme Court. Be-
cause we have appointed circuit judges we do
not take away circuit court powers and judges
from the justices of the Supreme Court. They
exist as they did before we created the new
circuit judges. My friend says it is not taking
away the power. It is substantially taking
away the power. It exists in theory, but it
practically takes it away here for eight months
in the year, when these judges are at Wash-
ington. The suggestion that they can leave
the Supreme Court and go off to Geoigia or
Alabama to hear an argument which is wanted
to be had before them for an injunction, is
impracticable entirely. If they have the power
here they can hear it on Saturdays; they can
hear it in the mornings ; iliey can hear it at
chambers. We are really depriving the peo-
ple of the United States of a very important
privilege in saying that eight of the justices
of the Supreme Court for eight months in the
year shall not hear an injunction. It is the
most delicate power in the world, and we
ought to select the very best and most respons-
ible officers to discharge it. It is true that
parties can come here and the Chief Justice
cau hear it, because Washington is in his
circuit.
