1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1595
concerned, I know they have been, and have
been for some time. They were made in
accordance with the law. By implication there
is a contract existing now between the Govern-
mentand those newspapers. I do not think there
is any question about that at all. There may
not be a formal contract between the parties;
but under the law a designation is made of
different papers, and they are to receive so
much for the publication. That is the way it
is done; that is the contract; and that is all
there is about it. I think that is complete so
far as the contract is concerned. It is the law
now, and has been for some time.
Mr. CORBETT. I had occasion to call on
the Clerk of the House of Representatives on
this subject some little time ago with regard
to a change in the designation of a newspaper
to publish the laws, and I understood him to
say that it could not be done, as the news-
papers had been designated for the Congress,
and I supposed, therefore, the arrangement
must be in the nature of a contract.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Cali-
fornia is in a hurry to close the debate ; and I
move that this amendment of his lie on the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator move to lay the amendment, or the
amendment to the amendment, on the table?
Mr. POMEROY. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table, the amendment and the
amendment to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kansas,
that the original amendment and the amend-
ment to the amendment be laid on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 21; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Chandler, Cor-
bett, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Logan, Morton, Nye. Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
West, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Cole, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Ferry of Connecticut,Hamilton of Maryland, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hamlin, Johnston, Kelly, Morrill of
"Vermont, Saulsburv, Stevenson, Stockton, Trum-
bull, Vickers, and Windom—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Cald-
well, Cameron, Carpenter. Casserly. Clayton. Conk-
linsi, Cragin, Davis of Kontucky, Fenton, Freling-
huysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Howe, Kellogg,Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Patterson, Pratt,
Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott. Stewart, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, and Wilson—30.
So the motion to lay upon the table was
agreed to.
Mr. COLE. On page 15, at the end of line
three hundred and forty-four, I move to insert,
"and in newspapers, $50,000."
Mr. POMEROY. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to lay on the
table that proposition to pay $50,000 to news-
papers.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator withhold that
motion for a moment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will withdraw it to
enable the Senator to make a statement.
Mr. COLE. I have a communication from
the Secretary of State, from which I read yes-
terday, of about even date with the one which
I road to-day, in which he sets forth that it
will be necessary, if this law is not repealed,
to make an appropriation; and he asks for it in
these words: "And in newspapers $72,000;"
$50,000 was the amount appropriated last
year, and I propose, having consulted with a
sufficient number of the committee to author-
ize me to do so, to move that the appropria-
tion made last year be repeated this year. I
think it is really necessary. If it is not
adopted now, it will necessarily go into the
deficiency bill of next year, and 1 wish to avoid
as much as possible throwing anything into
the deficiency bill. I think the better way is
to appropriate directly, and not wait for a
deficiency bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have had two or
three votes about making this expenditure.
Last night the Senate voted against laying this
amendment on the table, and we know the
Senate was very thin ; no more, I think, than
forty-two or forty-three votes were cast, and
there was a difference of only one vote. I
cannot think that the Senate will deliberately
throw away $72,000 annually that does no
possible good to anybody. As the question
now comes up again on making this appropri-
ation, I hope the Senate will refuse to make
it, and that before we adjourn we shall have
another opportunity to vote on repealing this
law. It is for that reason that I make the
objection to the appropriation, hoping that as
the Senate is now fuller than it was when the
vote was first taken, the Senate will refuse to
make the appropriation, and if it does I hope
the Senate will then reconsider the vote by
which we disagreed to the ame'ndment repeal-
ing the law by simply one vote. The propo-
sition carried last night, and it is because the
Senate has been worn out with it and is thin
that a change has taken place this morning.
If we lay this proposition on the table and
then some Senator will move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote just taken, we can save the
Government $72,000 that is merely wasted
and does no possible good. I do not want to
discuss the matter.
Mr. COLE. It is a question of time as to
when the money will have to be paid ; but on
the statement of the Senator from Illinois, I
am willing to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand the
Senator that if we repeal the law it is neces-
sary to make this appropriation?
Mr. COLE. Not in that case; but that
question has been determined by the Senate
now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been determined
both ways.
Mr. COLE. The later determination will
probably have a little more weight than the
first. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not believe it
would in a full Senate. I should be willing
to acquiesce in a vote of a full Senate, but the
Senate voted differently last night.
Mr. COLE. The Senator can have no objec-
tion to my withdrawing the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; I hope the Sena-
tor will withdraw the amendment, and I hope
that in some way we may get another vote on
this question.
Mr.'NYE. I renew that amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator cannot
renew it.
Mr. NYE. Why not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not come from
any committee.
Mr. POMEROY. It comes under that por-
tion of the rule which allows amendments to
carry out the provision of an existing law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from California is withdrawn.
Mr. NYE. I renew that amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I raise the question of
order that it is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nevada present it as an amend-
ment from a committee?
Mr. NYE. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Chair will rule the amendment out of order.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Chair will
allow me to make a statement first. This is
in pursuance of an estimate from the head of
a Department, which is provided for in the
rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It must be referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. No; amendments to
carry out recommendations from the heads of
Departments do not have to be referred to
that committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the honorable Sen-
ator's pardon. If he will do himself the pleas-
ure to read the thirtieth rule, which he has
read before, he will see that they do.
Mr. POMEROY. As this is a question be-
tween the Senator from Vermont and myself,
I will read the thirtieth rule:
"All amendments to-general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
new items of appropriation, shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations."
This amendment is not reported from a com-
mittee. The Senator from Nevada moves itto
carry out the recommendation of a head of
Department. I will read what the provision
of the rule on that subject is:
"No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be received."
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Kansas will let us go on in order. The rules
require that the amendment of the committee
first be acted on.
Mr. POMEROY. That I have no objec-
tion to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind the Senator from Kansas that
the Senator from Nevada did not present this
amendment in the hearing of the Chair as from
a Department. If the Senator states that, the
Chair will entertain it.
Mr. NYE. I do now. I renew the amend-
ment upon the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Chair will entertain the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to see
the evidence of the recommendation of the
Department.
Mr. NYE. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to read it. He has
got it in his hands.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the amend-
ments of the committee must first be acted on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is true
in Committee of the Whole, but we are not
now in Committee of the Whole ; the bill is
in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate cannot act
on anything until they dispose of the amend-
ments of the Committee of the Whole. They
have not all been acted on yet.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no rule to that
effect; it is a mere practice of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is following the practice of the Senate. There
is no rule which governs the case. The Chair
will now hear- the estimate from the Depart-
ment, if the Senator from Nevada presents
his amendment as based on a recommendation
from the head of a Department.
Mr. NYE. I ask the chairman of the com-
mittee to read the recommendation.
Mr. COLE. There has been no notice, I
believe, given of this amendment.
Mr. NYE. It does not need any notice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The thirtieth
rule requires that—
"All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
new items of appropriation, shall one day before
they are offered be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations."
This amendment has not been reported frotn
a committee. It is now moved by the Senator
from Nevada in pursuance of an estimate of a
head of Department. If the Senator will send
up the estimate the Chair will rule doubtless
as the temporary occupant of the Chair has
done.
Mr. COLE. The letter of the Department
states hypothetically that such would be the
necessity.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not an
estimate.
Mr. NYE. Let us see what he does say.
The chairman of the committee stated that
