4284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
it, it will be too late, as I understand. I think
we can pass the bill in a few minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made, and the appropriation bill will be
read.
Mr. HARLAN". I would appeal to the Sen-
ator from California to allow me to call up a
House bill that I have been trying a whole
week to get up. It relates to a few thousand
Indians in the Statd of New York who have
been living in a very unsatisfactory condition
for a long time. This bill makes provision
for the sale of a part of their lands with a
view of settling the title to the residue of
them. It will not occupy more than four or
five minutes to pass it.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy.) Is there objection to allowing the un-
finished business to be laid aside informally to
take lip the bill of the Senator from Iowa?
Mr. SAWYER. I object, and I will state
the reason for my objection. We have spent
thirty minutes on this railroad bill; in five
more we can finish it; and I do not see the
propriety of laying it aside for the purpose of
taking up another bill in'the same way. I
think it is not a business way to do.
Mr. COLE. I do not propose to lay aside
any bill, but to go on with the regular order.
PETITION.
Mr. ALCORN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Tennessee, praying an appropriation
for th® improvement of the l'oiked Deer river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No.
1071) making appropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs of certain fort-
ifications and other works of defense.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
8HNKCA JNP1ANS IN NKW Y011K.
Mr. HARLAN. _ I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2204. It is the bill that I referred to just now,
which is of a good deal of interest to some peo-
ple in New York.
Mr. CHANDLER. I gave notice that I
would call up the river and harbor bill.
Mr. HARLAN. This will not take five
minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 2211-1) to authorize
the Cattaraugus and Alleghany Indians in New
York to lease lands anil confirm leases.
The Committee on Indian Affairs propose to
amend the bill by striking out after the enact-
ing clause the first and second sections, in the
following words:
That, the Cattaraugus and Allosrhany Indians,
located in ('nttiir.iiif.-ui county. Now York, nro here-
by authorized, by a resolution of their eouncil,
according to tboirsyst.em of fiovcrmnoiit, to toast- any
of! heir lands tor villasro lots in the village of Sala-
manca, in said county, for the purposo of erecting
thereon arty private residences or business houses;
and tbo above provisions shall also apply to the vil-
lages of Great Valley and Carrolton. in said county ;
mid all leases heretofore made by said Indians in
council, us iitbiesai'l, are hcicby continued.
SfeX'. 2. That said Lmlian eouncil is hereby author-
ized, by resolution as aforesaid, to designate and pet
upai t to any Indian ot either of said tribes any quan-
tity of la.rid on either of said reservations, not ex -
ceedini: fifty acres, tor agricultural purposes, which
said Indian may occupy, improve, and enjoy tho same
as though ho were the owner in tee-simple. "
And inserting in lieu thereof:
That the President be, ami he is hereby, author-
ized to negotiate mth tbo Seueca Indians, residing
upon the Allc^h.tnv and Cattaraugus reservations in
the State ot New York, for a cession to the United
State-- of the easterly portion of the Alleghany reser-
vation, containing not more than fifteen thousand
acres ot I and, and to cause the same to be surveyed
into farm and toivn lots of convenient size, and after
appraisal of the value of the said lots, exclusive of
the improvements put thereon by white settlers or
railroad corporations, holding as lessees undor color
of title from the said Indians, by three appraisers.
one to be appointed by the .President, one by said
Indians in council, and one by the Governor of the
State of Massachusetts, to sell the same at public
auction, for not less than the appraised value, to the
highest bidder for cash: Provided, That any white
Settler or railroad corporation owning the improve-
ments thereon shall have the prior right to purchase
the lot ot lots occupied by them and held under
color of title as aforesaid at the appraised value.
But in case such lot or lots so purchased shall not
be paid for within ninety days after notification of
the appraisal, the lot orlotsshall be sold to the high-
est bidder as aforesaid atnot less than the appraised
value. And any Indian may purchase the lot upon
which his improvements exist, not exceeding forty
acres, at the appraised value, exclusivo of the im-
provements : and in ease of his failure to make such
purchase and payment, then the value of his im-
provements on any such lot shall be paid to him out
of the proceeds of said sales;
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
pay, out, of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to the owners of the preemptive right
a fee of the said Alleghany and Cattaraugus reserva-
tions, upon their relinquishing thoir title to such
reservations to the said Indians, or to the Secretary
of the Interior for their benefit, in such form
and manner as the Attorney General may pre-
scribe, the appraised valuo of the said preemptive
right or fee not exceeding five dollars per acre of the
contents of the said two reservations, puch value to
be ascertained by appraisers, one to be appointed by
the President, one by the said owners of the pre-
emptive right or fee, and one by the Governor of the
State of Massachusetts.
Seo. 3. That the proceeds of sale to arise from the
said lands directed to be sold as aforesaid shall be
applied, in the first instance, to reimburse the
United States the moneys paid to the owners of the
preemptive right or feu as above provided, and the
residue shall be paid to the said Indians per capita.
Sec. 4. That whenevor the said Indians shall ex-
press thoir dosire for the subdivision of the residue
of the said Alleghany reservation and the said Cat-
taraugus reservation in open council, in such man-
ner as the President may piescribe.it shall bo the
duty of the Secretary of tho Interior to eause the
said lands to bo surveyed into tracts of convenient
and suitable size, and to allot thosame m severalty
to the monibers of said Seneca tribe of Indians
legally entitled to an interest in said reservations,
share and share alike in value, exclusive of im-
provements, and, as far as practicable, so as to
ineludo tho improvements owned by each on the
tract allotted to him, and to give to each a patent
tor his said allotment, without the power ol alien-
ation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended,and the, amendinentwasconcurredin.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to bo read a third time. The bill
Was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read: A bill
to quiet title to lands belonging to the Seneca
Indians in the State of New York.
OttANUK A NO ALEXANDRIA JtAILllOAD.
Mr. LEWIS. I move to take up themotion
to reconsider the vote by which the Orange
and Alexandria railroad bill was passed, made
by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Rohkkthon.] I have waited this morning for
the Senator to appear. He told me that he
thought he would withdraw his objection this
morning. As I have to leave this evening, I
ask that that bill be taken up ; and wheu it is
taken upl shall ask that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from South Caro-
lina is not present.
Mr. SCOTT. The Seuator from South
Carolina who made that motion stated to me
that he made it at tho request of my colleague
who is absent. 1 know nothing about the
merits of the bill and the points involved in
it ; but ill the last conversation I had -with the
Senator from South Carolina yesterday he
then expressed his desire to have it held over
until my colleague should return. I do not
know anything about it; but if the Senator
had an understanding with the Senator from
South Carolina  
Mr. LEWIS. I will state this : I went to
the Senator from South Carolina yesterday
evening; and he told me he made the motion
to reconsider because of the absence of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, that he' had no
interest in the matter whatever himself and
felt no interest in it, but that he made the
motion because of the absence of that Senator.
Now, I will state this to the Senate—and the
Senator from Pennsylvania will not deny it—
that he told me tliat he had no objection to
this bill, and that if I would assist him in pre-
venting any amendment being put upon the
bill to allow the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road to have their depot he would make n©
objection to this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is a
bargain, and I must object until the Senator
from South Carolina gets back.
Mr. SCOTT. I want it understood that the
reference is to my absent colleague, not to
myself.
Mr. LEWIS. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not know anything about
any such arrangement.
Mr. LEWIS. I insist on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on taking up for consideration the
motion to reconsider the vote passing the bill
(H. R. No. 2847) to authorize the Orange,
Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad Company
to run trains and transport freight and pas-
sengers witltm'the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not think
the Senate is in the habit of taking that course.
The Senator from South Carolina unquestion-
ably will be in the Senate within a few mo-
ments ; and to act upon this motion when he
is away is a kind of management that I am
sure the Senate will not be guilty of.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont allow me to say that I am not managing
this thing? I stated to the Senate most dis-
tinctly and emphatically the other day that my
wife was waiting here for me to leave the city
with her to see a sick child ; that I would have
given way but for that to the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Weight,] who made a similar mo-
tion. I have been kept here by this motion
to reconsider, and I am anxious now to leave
the city, but I do not desire to leave, nor do I
intend to leave the city until this matter is
settledi I assume no management; 1 do not
want to take advantage of any Senator, and
I have waited during the morning hour for
the Senator from South Carolina to come into
the Chamber. I am not responsible for his
absence.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am sure
the Senate will see that it is very unfair to take
up this question and act upon it when the Sen-
ator from South Carolina is temporarily ab-
sent, and as there has been a bargain between
this company and the other company, I do not
know but that it ought to be carried out.
[Laughter.] I was nota party to it, however,
and I do not feel bound tQ insist on carrying
it out.
Mr. LEWIS. Allow me to say that there
was no bargain whatever, nor did I intend to
make any such statement or to be understood
as saying so. I told the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cameron] that we wanted to
amend his bill. He said if I would refrain
from offering an amendment of the sort allow-
ing this, he would assist me in getting this bill
through by itself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Those seem
to be the terms of the bai-gain. [Laughter.]
Mr. LEWIS. If that is a bargain; then it
was made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust tho
Senate will not take up the motio-n in the ab-
sence of the Senator from South Carolina.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Virginia insist on his motion ?
Mr. LEWIS. I insist on taking it up for
reasons which I have assigned, and then if it
is taken up I will move to lay it on the table.
The motion to take up was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS. 1 move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator to withdraw that for a moment.
Mr. LEWIS. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I' have not
examined this bill so thoroughly as I ought to
have done; I have no hostility to it; but it
seems to me there should be an amendment
