2492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
for eight, months in the year. The power
remains with them theoretically; but sub-
stantially it is taken from them, because we
are told they shall not grant an injunction
even in a cause pending in their own circuit.,
■while they are here at Washington for eight
months in the year; but if there is a cause
pending in the circuit of one of the judges of
the Suprrme Court, he must leave Washing-
ton and go to that circuit in order to hear the
preliminary injunction. That is taking away
the power iroin them practically ; theoretically
it remains.
But my objection is not that I am afraid of
having the power of the Supreme Court cur-
tailed ; it is the rights of the people that are
curtailed. Here is the most delicate exercise
of power known to civil government, that of
granting injunctions, and we pass a law that
the justices of the Supreme Court for eight
months in the year shall not exercise that
power, and compel people to take the most
important question to some little district court
judge or the judge of some circuit away from
Washington.
The Senator from Illinois says this power
may be abused. Then abolish the power to
grant injunctions; for if you cannot intrust it
to the justices of the Supreme Court you can-
not intrust it to any one. But I deny that
there has grown up any such abuse m the
practices of the judges of the Supreme Court
that calls for this statutory enactment in order
to cure it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will
allow me, 1 did not mean to say, and do not
think 1 did say,that it would be abused by the
justices of the Supreme Court, but abused liy
parties practicing an abuse upon other parties.
I did not, mean to intimate that the justices
of the Supreme Court would abuse their
authority.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
did say what he states now, and that is just the
point. How can patties abuse it unless the
justices of the Supreme Court permit them to
abuse it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. By making ex parte
applications.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. They _ make
their ex parte application ; but the justice has
a discretion, and if he thinks there is no good
reason why the application, from its import-
ance, from the position of the parties who
come before him, should be granted, he will
any, '' 1, in the exercise of my unlimited discre-
tion," as he has in reterence to injunc-
tions, "refuse to grant this injunction."
Mr. CARPEN'l ELl. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him at that point ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 do not understand
that, any judge in this country has absolute,
unlimited, arbitrary discretion, as alluded to
by the Senator. I understand if any judge
having the jurisdiction by law to grant an in-
junction has presented to him a bill in equity,
fortified wnh proofs which entitle the party by
the acknowledged and usual practice of a court
of equity to have an injunction, the judge has
no discietion to deny it.
Mr. FUELINGIIUYSEN. I think that
elementary principle of law even I may be
presumed to have heard and know of.
Mr. CARPENTER. Therefore I was aston-
ished to hear the Senator deny it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I did not deny
it. 1 did not state that any judge had the
power or the right, to act in an arbitrary man-
ner ever, as the Senator says I stated. I did
not intimate that he had the right to act in an
arbitrary manner. He has got the right, and
it is his duty to exercise a discretion in the
matter, and in the exercise of that discretion
he is not bound by any strict rules of law. You
cannot make a case on a bill in equity that he
is bound as in rendering a judgment on an issue
of law to decide one way or the other. He may
say, '' I believe, while you have laid the ground-
work for your injunction, that the granting of
this injunction on the whole will do more hurt
than it will do good," and refuse it. There are
hundred of cases where that has been done ;
many to my knowledge. The learned Senator
shakes his head. Why, an injunction is only
granted for the purpose of preventing an in-
jury, and if the judge thinks that the injunc-
tion will do more injury than that complained
of, it would be an absurdity for him to grant
the injunction. It does not require a lawyer
to see that that must be a principle of law.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then, according to
that, the party would not have his rights if the
judge thought it was better for htm not to have
them.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My learned
friend makes a great misapplication of terms.
The question is, whether under the circum-
stances it is his right, and if the injunction
would do more injury than good, it is not his
right. Therefore no evil can arise, because
the judge is not hound to grant the injunction
unless he believes that it will promote justice
and equity and that the party is fairly entitled
to it. If there is abuse, as intimated by the
Senator from Illinois, it cannot exist unless
the justice of the Supreme Court connives at
and is a party to that abuse. I deny that any
such evil exists as is complained of in the
exercise of this power-by the justices of the
Supreme Court.
Mr. President, it is the rights of the people
that I speak for. It makes no difference to
the justices of the Supreme Court how much
their powers are curtailed. J am not. jealous
of their rights; but 1 think there would be
great impropriety in,the Senate declaring that
this delicate exercise of power should be ex-
cluded for eight months in the year from the
justices of the Supreme Court. They will see
to it that no such inconvenience as that im-
agined to parties occurs, while everybody can
see that in a nation like this it must be of the
greatest inconvenience to the suitors of Balti-
more, New York, and Philadelphia, if for eight
months in the year they are entirely excluded
from bringing an injunction case here at Wash-
ington before any of' the justices of the Supreme
Court, as the bill is now amended; though I
believe the Chief Justice could still, as to his
own circuit, exercise the power.
But,, sir, 1 have said a great deal more on
this subject than I had intended. I supposed
the sugges'ion I made would commend itself
to the judgment of the Senate. I hope the
amendment will prevail.
Mr. STOCKTON. I understood the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary a few
moments ago to say that injunctions were
always granted ex parte
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not always; they may
be.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to ask him
whether the statute of the United States in the
United States courts does not require in every
case ten day's notice?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; there is no
such statute that, I am aware of.
Mr. CARPENTER. " Reasonable notice."
Mr. STOCKTON. The words are " rea-
sonable notice," and ten days is. I think, the
usual practice; but t hat matter, as my colleague
says, is entirely within the jurisdiction of the
court, and the difficulties and the abuses that
he speaks of are the very questions, the very mat-
ters on which the court is to decide in its discre-
tion. An application for an injunction is an
application to the sound discretion of the court.
The application for a preliminary injunction
is a great preventive remedy. It is to prevent
irreparable mischief, and to prevent fraud.
Sir, I am not willing to see the arm of the
Supreme Courtofthe United States shortened
one inch in that great remedial preventive
power. It is purely a power of prevention.
I may be wrong, and 1 speak, and ought to
speak, with great diffidence in speaking in
answer to the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee on this subject; and I should be glad to
be corrected if I am wrong ; but in the case
which I put where half a dozen different
defendants reside in half a dozen different cir-
cuits, and you come on reasonable notice to
the judge of the circuit where the complain-
ant is, in Washington, in order that you may
get process served and reasonable notice given
to the defendants in the other circuits, if you
have not that power for eig-bt months in the
year, where can you can go? I may be wrong.
I should like to have it explained. Can you
go to a circuit judge and serve your process in
all those different States, and bring those peo-
ple into yourcircuit? If that be true, it is the
very proposition against which the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee is fighting. You
are dragging people long distances to get them
into the New York ciicuit. You may drag a
man from New Orleans, if you have the power
to do it, before a circuit judge in New York.
The truth is, Mr. President, that all out-
laws have put this whole matter and trusted
it in the wisdom, the discretion, and the hon-
esty of the judges of the Supreme Court. If
they are not able to prevent frauds upon them
where reasonable notice is required, if they
are not able to prevent frauds and improper
vexation by dragging people from long dis-
tances to Washington; in otherwords, if they
are unable to prevent, abuses, the argument is
and can be nothing less than that we ought to
abolish this great preventive, which we look
upon as being one of the most valuable features
of our system of jurisprudence.
Sir, it is the same proposition as this: that
the chancellor of the State of New Jersey
should not have the power, if he lives in Jer-
sey City, to grant a preliminary injunction at
chambers in Jersey City, but must take all the
parlies at Jersey City and carry them to Tren-
ton and sit in his court-room befoie he can
grant an injunction, when the very object is
to have it done speedily and qirckly. Why,
sir, in my State the clerk of the couit of chan-
cery is awakened in the middle of the night in
order to put the seal of the court to an injunc-
tion, an injunction which may be to prevent
riot and disorder in the collisions which occur
between different corporations and companies
and their agents, where there is no time to be
lost, where the thing should be done imme-
diately. That is the very object of leaving
this power in the hands of the court of chan-
cery; and even in those States where the
court of chancery has been abolished they
have always found it necessary to give this
same power, or something exceedingly similar
to it, to the hands of the judges ot the law
courts.
Mr. President, it may be that living in a
Stale and having been brought up at the bar
of a State where a court of chancery still ex-
ists very much in the same condition that it
always has in England, I may feel the import-
ance of this jurisdiction more than other gen-
tlemen ; but 1 may say, having been fortunate
enough to have in our State ever since I have
been at the bar gentlemen of great integrity
and wisdom and learning as chancellors, the
system has impressed itself on me as a wise
oue and a good one, a good one for the people
and the suitors. Just as it exists there it
exists in nearly the same way, with only some
few statutory provisions as to practice, in the
judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States. I look upon this measure as an inno-
vation. I can see no possible good to result
from the adoption of this proviso.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Freunghuysen] to strike out
the proviso as amended.
Mr. NORWOOD. I should like to have
the proviso as amended reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That no justice of the Supreme Court
shall hear or allow any application lor an injunc-
tion or restraining order, except within the circuit
