1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from Vermont if he would think it proper,
after the designation of the papers, to change
that designation until after the session of Con-
gress should close for which they were desig-
nated, when he considers that people have
subsciibed to those papers with a view to the
fact that they published the laws?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is very easy to answer
that question. Whether it is right to change the
designation of a particular newspaper, depends
upon the particular circumstances of the case.
If a newspaper, for instance in the State of
Vermont, being designated, should fail, so that
it could not carry on its business, it would be
a very proper ground for changing the desig-
nation. If a newspaper in the State of Ver-
mont, (if you could presume fsuch a thing,)
supposing we had a difficulty with Great Brit-
ain, should take the British side of the ques-
tion and should be employing the public money
received in this way in printing a newspaper
which is publishing treason, I should think
that would be a good reason for changing the
designation. And that was the very ground
on which we put, in this seventh section of
the act of 1867, the discretion in the Clerk
of the House, in order that if any southern
newspaper, which the Government was build-
ing up by paying it money for this kind of
publication, should become disloyal to the
Government, and advocate a new secession
or a new rebellion, the Clerk of the House
of Representatives, in whom the people who
were responsible for the Government had con-
fidence, could stop it. So it must depend
upon the circumstances of each particular
case.
But, as I have said, in cases where there are
now designations for publications of the laws
at this time, 1 entirely agree with the sugges
tion made by the chairman of the committee,
that it may be the fair thing to continue the
publications through this Congress, to treat
everybody liberally and generously; but when
you go beyond that, it is a different question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. POMEEOY. I move to lay the amend
ment to the amendment on the table.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were sixteen.
Mr. POMER0Y. There will evidently be
no quorum voting. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Spragce.]
Mr. HILL. I was requested by my col-
league *[Mr. Norwood] to state that; he was
too"unwell to be here to-day, and he is absent
on that account.
The question bping taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Clayton, Corbett, Ferry of Michigan,
Planagan. llarian, Hitchcock, Logan, Morton, jNye,
Osborn, Poineroy, Pool, Ramsey, Bice, Sherman,
Spencer, Stewart. West, Wilson, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Cole, Cooper,
Davis ol West Virginia, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry ot
Connecticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton ot
Texas, Hamlin, Johnston, Kelly, Morrill ot Ver-
mont, Saulsbury, Scott, Stevenson, Stockton, - • Wur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and Windom 23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low Buckingham, Caldwell, Casse/ly, Conkling,
Craein, Davis of Kentucky, Frelinghuysen. Gilbert.
Goldthwaite, Hill, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill ot
Maine. Norwood,Patterson,Pratt, Robertson, baw-
yer, Schurz, Sprague, and Sumner—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was
laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nyb.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I wish to say to
the Senator from Indiana, whom I do not see
in his place, but I will say it to the Senate,
that I have the act which he supposes requires
the Secretary of State to designate these papers
for a Congress or for some specific time. In
order to show him that he is greatly mistaken
I will read it. It is the act of 1818:
" At and during the session of each Congressof the
United States the Secretary for the Department of
State shall cause the acts and resolutions passed by
Congress at such session to be published, currently
as they are enacted, and as soon as practicable, in
not more than one newspaper in the District of Co-
lumbia, and not more than three newspapers in each
of the several States, and in not more than three
newspapers in each of the Territories of the United
States. And he shall also cause to be published, in
the like manner, in the said newspapers, or in such
of them as he shall for that purpose designate, the
public treaties entered into and ratified by the Uni-
ted States."
The Senate will see, therefore, that there is
no foundation at all for the idea that the desig-
nation must be made for any particular length
of time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. POMEROY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. My pair with the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague] extends to
this whole subject. If he were present he
would vote for this appropriation, and I should
vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Cameron, Car-
penter, Chandler, Clayton, Corbett, Ferry of Michi-
gan, Flanagan, Hamlin, ilarlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Kellogg, Logan, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pool, Rarusey, Rice, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
Tipton, West, 'Windom, and Wright—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cole, Cooper, Davis of
West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, John-
ston, Kelly. Morrill of Vermont, Saulsbury, Scott,
Stockton. Thurman, Trumbull, and Vickers—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Aleorn, Bayard, jBiair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Casserly, Conkling,
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Frelingbuysen,
Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Norwood. Patterson, Pratt, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Sumner, and Wil-
son—27.
So the amendment of Mr. Nye was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to add to the
amendment just adopted this proviso, in order
to test the sense of the Senate on the question
whether, after publishing these laws for this
Congress, we shall continue this appropriation
of $100,000 a year for the publication of laws
in the newspapers:
Provided, That after the publication of the laws
of the present session of Congress 
Mr. POMEROY. Present Congress.
Mr. EDMONDS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I am reading my own amendment:
Provided, That after the publication of the laws
of the present session of Congress, the publication
of the laws in newspapers shall cease.
This amendment enables the Clerk of the
House of Representatives to carry out his
existing arrangements, whatever they may be,
for the publication of the laws that we shall
enact at this session, and treat all parties fairly.
Let them finish up their jobs. Then they will
have nothing more to do until next winter, and
I have shown by the law that there is nothing
which authorizes or requires any permanency
in this designation. It becomes a question,
therefore, having provided for this session of
Congress, whether we shall continue hereafter
to expend $100,000 a year for this purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words " ses-
sion of," so that it will end with the present
Congress, because if these contracts are worth
anything, they are good for the Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are no contracts
for anything at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment and the amendment to the amendment
will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by striking out "session of;"
so as to read :
Provided, That after the publication of the laws
of the present Congress the publication of the laws
in newspapers shall cease.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. To compose
my friend, who I know is an economist, if that
will satisfy him, and be will go for it, I will
take that.
Mr. POMEEOY. I do not know whether
it will satisfy me, but it is right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is right it ought to
satisfy him.
Mr. POMEROY. It makes the contracts
right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
V ermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I have hut one more amend-
ment to offer. It is on page 5, relating to the
pay of the Capitol police. The Clerk can
read the various items together, as they depeud
one upon another, and it will be necessary to
put the whole question at once. I do not wish
to discuss it at all. It was discussed in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and I think we can have
a vote without further debate. I move the
amendments that were reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The Chief Ci.kek. The amendment is to
strike out lines one hundred and oue, one
hundred and two, one hundred and three, one
hundred and four, one hundred and five, one
hundred and six, one hundred and seven, one
hundred and eight, and down to and including
the word " dollars," in line one hundred and
nine, and in lieu of those words to insert:
For one captain, $1,800; two lieutenants at 81.500
each; twenty-five privates at $1,200 each, S30.0Q0;
and eight watchmen at $1,000 each, $8,000; making
m all, $42,800; which sum shall be the compensation
of the officers in this clause named.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Secretary read
the provision as it came from the House of
Representatives, so that we can see the dif-
ference?
The Chief Clerk. The bill as it came from
the House read:
For one captain, $2,OSS; three lieutenants at
$1,800 each; twenty-seven privates at $1,584 each,
$42.768; and eight watchmen at %1,000 each, S8,00u;
-naking in all, $58,256.
Mr. MORTON. It proposes a reduction of
the force from twenty-seven to twenty-five pri-
vates, and from three to two lieutenants, and
a reduction of the salaries of all. I hope it
will not be adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not a reduction of
anybody's salary.
Mr. HILL. I concur in the wish of the
Senator from Indiana that this amendment
shall not be adopted. I have taken a little
pains to ascertain the labors of this police
force. There are three details, as I am in-
formed, and they perform duty for twelve
hours at' a time. That duty embraces the
night as well as the day, as a matter of course.
They are here during the recess of Congress,
and as much on duty as while we are here.
It requires close and unremitting attention.
They are required by the regulations t& be
uniformed, which is done at their own expense,
and, as I am informed, cannot be done short
of $100 a year. If you coin pare them with any
other police, say for example the city police,
their duties are severer than those ot any other
police yuu cau find in the city of Washington;
the time of service is more prolonged, the
members of the city street police being on duty
for six hours and then relieved, whereas these
men are on for twelve hours.
Besides, I think it proper for a great Gf-oiJ
eminent like ours to improve the character of
the police ; and I am very happy to say, from
what I see of these police at present, that it is
deserving of the Government. Among their
duties they are even taking upon themselves
to perform offices of politeness to strangers.
If a stranger is wandering about this Capitol,
and is seen by one of these policemen to be m
search of whatever is curious or desirable to
be seen, it is made a part of the duty of the
policeman to take him and carry him to points
of the greatest interest and explain them to him.
