1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to which her is allotted, and in causes pending in the
circuit to which he is allotted, or in such causes at
such place outside the circuit as the parties may in
writing stipulate,
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 14, noes 16 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am paired on this
question with the Senator from California, Mr.
Oasserly. I should vote "nay" if he were
present, and he would vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 25; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Chandler,
Conkling, Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Johnston,
Kellogg, Saulsbury, Scott, Stockton, and Wright—13.
NAYS—■ Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Cole,
Cooper, Corbett, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Fen ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Norwood, Patterson, Pomcroy,
Pratt, Rice, Schurz, Sumner, Tipton,- and Trum-
bull—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Clayton,
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Howe, Kelly, Lewis
Logan, Morrill ot Maine, Morton, Nye, Oaborn. Pool,
Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer,
Sprague, Stevenson. Stewart, Thurman, Viokors,
West, Wilson, and Windom—35.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 move to add at the
end of the proviso the following amendment:
Unless in cases where such application cannot be
heard by the district judge in the circuit. .
The object of this is, in case the district
judge is out of the circuit, or is sick and can-
not bear an application for an injunction, that
then tlie power may still be exercised by the
judge of the Supreme Court to grant an in-
junction under those circumstances.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a district judge
and a circuit judge in every circuit.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will add "or cir-
cuit. ''
Mr. CARPENTER. Let the amendment
be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
add to the proviso the following:
Except in eases where such application cannot be
heard by the district or circuit judge in such circuit.
Mr. CARPENTER. That needs some change
of phraseology. There is no such thing as a
district judgein a circuit or a circuit judge in
^district. It should be changed to read :
Except in eases where such application cannot be
heard by the circuit judge of the circuit or the dis-
trict judge of the district.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there is
any objection to that, or indeed any occasion
for it, because there arc always two persons to
whom application may be made. There is a
district judge in every district, and then there
is a circuit judge in every circuit having juris-
diction throughout his circuit. I do not think
there is any occasion for tlie amendment, but
I do not think there is any objection to it, if
the Senator thinks there is any practical im-
portance m it. Let it be read as amended.
The Chief Clerk. As modified it reads:
Except in cases where such application cannot
be heard by the oircuit judge of the circuit or the
district judge of the district.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NORWOOD. I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
simply for information, as to the effect of the
seventh, eighth, and a portion of the ninth
lines of section seven, on page 5, which pro-
vide for the adoption by the United btates
courts of the State laws. Does not the amend-
ment of the committee really prevent the
statutes of the State from being the rule by
which the circuit and district courts of the
United States are to be governed ? I want
to know what is to be the operation ox that
amendment suggested by the Judiciary Com-
mittee in the lines I have called attention to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will ob-
serve that the bill adopts absolutely the laws
as they now exist in the States ; but we ques-
tioned the propriety, if not the power, of Con-
gress adopting in advance absolutely sueb
as might hereafter be enacted in the States.
We adopt the practice of the States as it now
exists, and then authorize the United States
courts from time to time, if they think proper,
to adopt by rule such laws as may be passed
in the States. That was the intention of the
committee, and I think that is the meaning of
the section to which my attention has been
called.
Mr. NORWOOD. I presume that that was
the intention, but it seems to me that the lan-
guage used in the amendment would imply that
the B'ederal court might or might not adopt
the State laws which were in force at the com-
mencement of a cause. For instance, a suit
is commenced by A to-day. This language is
that the court may adopt the State laws in
force when the suit is commenced upon trial
of the cause. Does the amendment strike the
Senator from Illinois in that light?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It never had occurred
to me that any court would adopt regulations
that would be retroactive. I did not suppose
a court would do that or could do that. It the
suit was properly commenced under the exist-
ing State law, the adoption of the rules after-
ward would hardly have a retrospective effect
to make the proceeding irregularly com-
menced. The party would have a right to
commence the suit according to the law of the
State at the time this act passed ; and if the
laws of the State are subsequently changed,
and the United States courts think proper to
adopt that change, I apprehend it would not
be made to operate by any court upon any
proceeding which had taken place under the
law as it existed.
Mr. NORWOOD. That is just my appre-
hension ; and the difficulty occurs to my mind
in this way: if a party commences a suit in
the circuit or district court of the United
States, under the State laws as they exist to-
day, he must do it because those State laws
have been adopted by the United States court
before that time; otherwise, he would com-
mence them under the laws applicable to that
court, which are not State laws ; and how can
he tell in advance that the State law which he
might commence his proceeding under to-day
would be adopted or would not be adopted by
the court when the trial comes on ? The lan-
guage is:
And such circuit or district oourts may by rules
adopt such State laws as may be in force in the
State in relation to attachments and other prooess
at the time such cause is commenced.
There seems to me to be an ambiguity that
attracted my attention in that language. If
there is no ambiguity, I have no suggestion to
make, and I rose simply for information upon
that point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not myself see how
there can be any difficulty about it. The court
can adopt the laws in force "at the time such
cause is commenced ;" the laws could only be
applicable to the suit at the time it was com-
menced.
Mr. CARPENTER. They could not apply
before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly they could
not apply before; but if there is any difficulty
about that, if any embarrassment is^ likely to
arise in reference to it, I have no objection to
any amendment that will remedy the difficulty
which the Senator from Georgia seems to
anticipate.
Mr. HILL. T will ask the chairman of the
committee if, looking to a possible change in
the remedy by the State Legislature after the
commencement of a suit in a district court of
the United States, any such change should
take place pending the suit in the district
court, it would not be well to specify in the
bill that it should conform to any change
made during the pendency of the suit? Sup-
pose, for example, a change were made that
would affect the pendency of a suit in a State
court on an attachment, that same law should
have the same effect upon a similar suit pend-
ing in the district court of the United States,
although the change might be made after the
suit was instituted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit to the Senator
from Georgia whether there can be any prac-
tical difficulty about this? Is it not safe to
leave it to the judge of the court, who has a
discretion in adopting the law of the State?
Is it to be supposed that we have got to guard
in the statute against a judge adopting a rule
which should operate to the prejudice of parties
who are already in court? If you can suppose
that of a judge, you can suppose he would
decide the case wrongly any way. It seems to
me that we might leave to the discretion of
the court the adoption by rule of laws here-
after to be passed and their application to the
cases pending with entire safety if we can
leave the case itself to the court.
Mr. HILL. For my own part, lam very
well satisfied with what the committee recom-
mended. I think the bill will be a great con-
venience, will aid materially the profession in
most of the States, and will create a familiarity
everywhere with the practice of the respective
States. I only made the suggestion on account
of what had fallen from my colleague in regard
to it, and I saw no other way of accommodating
his suggestion but that which 1 threw out. 1
am not anxious myself about it; I do not think
any evil can grow out of the adoption of the
bill as it stands. I think it is a very good
•measure.
Mr. NORWOOD. Let me ask the atten-
tion of the Senator from Illinois, the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee. It has been
suggested here that the difficulty, if any really
exists, would be obviated by inserting the
words " at the time such case is commenced,"
after the word "may," in the eighth line, and
leaving them out where they now are. I call
his attention to that proposed transposition.
It would then read:
And such circuit or district courts may by rule
adopt such State laws as may at the time such cause
is commenced be in force m the State in relation to
attachments, &c.
Mr. CARPENTER. That cannot change
SC11SP of it#
Mr. NORWOOD. I do not think it does;
but the transposition has been sugges ted to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see how that
changes the legal construction of the lan-
guage.
Mr. NORWOOD. I do not see it myself,
but other Senators think it would change it.
My own view is that the words "at the time
such cause is commenced" should be omitted.
The object is to allow the courts to adopt any
future laws that may be enacted by the States.
Now, there ia no use in fixing any time at
which they are to adopt them or that they
shall relate to the commencement or the trial
of any cause pending in these courts.
The bill was reported to the Senat e ns amend-
ed, and the amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A suggestion has been
made which may perhaps make the seventh
section more acceptable to the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Norwood.] Would it meet his
views if it read in this way, beginning in the
seventh line, after the word "may
Such circuit or district courts may, from time to
time, by rules, adopt such State laws as may be in
force in the State in relation to attachments and
other process.
Striking out the words " at the time such
cause is commenced."
Mr. NORWOOD. Yea, sir, that would
suit me. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it read, "and such
circuit and distiict courts may from time to
time by general rule "—so that it shall not be
a rule tor a particular case—"adopt such laws
as may be in force in the State in reference to
attachments and other process." Would that
be satisfactory?
Mr. NORWOOD. Perfectly so.
