2494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That Captain H. Clay Wood have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers from the files
of the Senate.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had adhered to its amendment
to the bill (S. No. 565) to extend the time to
the State of Wisconsin to complete a road
from Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 578) to extend the time
for the completion of the military road from
Fort Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, in the State
of Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green Bay,
in the State of Wisconsin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1228) for the relief of R.
Nelson Gere ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1862) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to make certain negotia-
tions with the Ute Indians in Colorado.
enforcement act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 438.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 438) sup-
plementary to an act entitled "An act to amend
an act approved May 31,1870, entitled 'An act
to enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the. several States of this
Union, and for other purposes,'" passed
February 28, 1871. It provides that the cir-
cuit court of the United States for any judicial
district in which at any time the circuit judge,
or a district judge designated by the circuit
judge, shall hold a circuit court for the pur-
poses of the act to which this is a supplement,
shall hereafter be deemed the circuit court
mentioned in the second and thirteenth sec-
tions of that act, and shall be deemed and
taken to be. for all the purposes of that act,
the circuit court for the ciicuit mentioned in
those sections, and all its acts and proceed-
ings in that behalf shall be operative and have
full force and effect throughout the circuit.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of that bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of' West Virginia. I am re-
quested by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Stevenson] to inform the Senate that he is
kept from the Chamber by sickness.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Conkhng, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Freling-
huysen, Hitchcock. Howe. Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt. Kiee, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott,
Sherman, Siewart, Sumner, and Trumbull — 27.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Goldthwaite, Hill,
Johnston, Norwood,-Saulsbury, Stockton, and Thur-
itian—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow. Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Clayton, Cragm, Davis of Kentucky,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan,
Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis. Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Kobertson, Spen-
cer, Sprugue, Stevenson, Tipton, Vickers, West, Wil-
son, Windom, and Wright—33.
So the bill was passed.
presidential election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 816.
The bill (S. No. 816) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to establish a uniform time for
holding elections for electors of President and
Vice President for all the States," approved
January 23, 1845, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
an amendment, to strike out all after the_ enact-
ing clause of the bill and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That if by the now existing laws of any State the
election commencing on the Tuesday next after the
first Monday in November, 1872, for the purpose of
choosing electors of President and Vice President
in such State shall be required to be continued for
more than one day, then said election shall be con-
tinued the number of days required by the laws of
such States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read"the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read; "A
bill to amend an act entitled ' An act to estab-
lish a uniform time for holding elections for
electors of President and Vice President in all
the States of the Union,1 approved January
23, 1845."
resignation of judges.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move now to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 435, the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] being in
his seat, on account of whose absence it was
laid aside.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
435) to authorize the President to accept the
resignation of judges of any court of the Uni-
ted States, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Committee on the Judiciary,
to strike ont in lines five and six the words
" satisfactory proof shall be laid before him"
and insert "he shall be satisfied."
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, when this
bill was before the Senate some weeks since I
felt constrained to oppose it for reasons that
upon reflection continue satisfactory to my
mind. In 1869 Congress very wisely passed
an act authorizing any judge of any court of
the United States who had held his commission
at least ten years and had attained the age of
seventy years to resign his office and receive
thereafter, for the remainder of his life, the
full pay. It was a wise, discreet, wholesome
act of legislation. I believe it was one which
met the approval of the people of the United
States, who understood the value of such long
continued sendee of such high grade, and so
well performed as those services had been in
several eminent cases in our judicial history.
But this bill proposes to go much fuither.
It imposes neither a limitation of age nor any
term of service whatever. Under this bill a
judge who may have been but one year in
office or six months, whose life prior to his
appointment may have been given entirely to
his private ends, who has rendered no public
service whatever, may, by one of those calami-
ties to which all men are subject, be suddenly
prevented from further usefulness, and yet he
is to receive a pension upon a scale given by
no other Government of which I have any
knowledge. So far as my reading has in-
formed me, I know of no precedent for this in
the English courts ; indeed, I am quite sure
that there is none; and I submit to the good
sense of the Senate that it is pressing a whole-
some and reasonable rule of retiring judges,
after long and faithful service, to an extreme,
unreasonable, and dangerous result.
I do not believe the people of this country
will with auy degree of satisfaction contem-
plate this creation of a pension-list upon such
a scale and of such dimensions as I think this
bill will necessarily give rise to. I shall move
to amend this bill by insisting that the judge
who is to receive his full pay for the rest of
his life, after his incapacity to perform further
duties as such, shall have held his commission
at least ten years. That is an advancement
upon the present act which was thought very
generous, and which I think was not only
generous but wise and just, when the age of
seventy was fixed as the period at which a
judge might retire. Surely it is enough if
the judicial servants of this Government after
many years of service are to be selected out
of all the classes of public servants and pro-
vided for in the exceedingly liberal manner
which this bill proposes, and which the act of
1869 proposed.
I do not wish to speak in terms of disre-
spect or distrust of those who now have the
administration of this Government in their
hands. On the contrary, where I can, it will
always give me pleasure to admit the justice
and propriety of their action; but we do not
make laws to restrain simply good men, but
they are made for those more reckless; and
who shall say that under a general law of this
kind you will not have hereafter the Federal
judicial positions of the country made mere
stepping-stones to smooth places of sinecure
and petty pensions? This bill will make it
perfectly practicable for the judicial offices of
the United States Government to become what
the stewardship of the Chiltern Hundreds is
in the British Parliament. There, under their
constitutional frame of government, a member
of Parliament cannot resign his office during
the session of Parliament. He may, how-
ever, a'ceept the stewardship of the Chiltern
Hundreds, and theji the two offices being
inconsistent, ipso facto, he is no longer a
member of Parliament. That strikes me as
being a use to which this bill would soon
bring our Federal judiciary. A man might •
be appointed under a condition of high party
feeling, under a condition of gross favoritism,
under a condition of corrupt arrangement;
he might be appointed a judge to serve a lim-
ited time, and then, heigh, presto! he becomes
incapable, or incapable enough to be so recog-
nized by the Executive, and he would find
himself a pensioner without any restriction
as to embarking in private business, but sim-
ply that he may not hold office under the
Government of the United States while he is
receiving a heavy salary, performing no duty
whatever in the office.
Mr. President, I am satisfied that the people
of this country are ready to appreciate tfie
necessity of liberal salaries to those who hold
high offices in the judiciary. I believe they
see the unwisdom, the false economy of limit-
ing the pay for such services as our judges
should perform even to their present limits ;
but I believe that if you pass laws of this kind
that shall create a class of sinecures, that shall
create a royal list of pensioners without the
precedent-condition of public service, it- will
awaken that popular discontent which will
affect the feelings of the people toward the
whole judicial system.
I move, on line five, after the words " Uni-
ted States," to insert the words "who has
held his commission at least ten years;" so
that it will read :
The President is hereby authorized and empow-
ered to accept the resignation of any judge of any
court of the United States who has held his com-
mission at least ten years, whenever satisfactory
proof shall be laid before him that such judge is, from
physical or other infirmity, permanently disabled
from performing efficiently the duties of his said
office.
I trust the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. THURMAN. If I viewed this bill in
the same light with my friend from Delaware
I should oppose it, but I do not see it in the
same light that he does.
What is the object of this bill? What is the
reason of it? Not to benefit any man who is
a judge, but to take care that the public ser-
vice shall suffer no detriment, and to provide
a means by which we can get rid of a judge
who is incapable of performing his duties, and
the only means that has occurred to anybody-
yet by which you can. You cannot impeach
