3390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
That motion has just
But other business
The SPEAKER,
been voted down.
Mr. FARNS WORTH.
has intervened.
The SPEAKER. The business which has
been done has been done by unanimous con-
sent, and would not have been done if the
gentleman had objected. The rule is positive,
that pending a motion to suspend the rules
and pass a bill the Chair can entertain but
one motion to adjourn. If the gentleman will
move to ask to adjourn by unanimous consent,
the Chair will entertain it.
Mr. SARGEN P. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
011 the motion to suspend the rules and pass
the bill.
Mr. WELLS. I ask the bill be again
reported, so the House may know what it is.
The bill was again read.
The question was taken ; and the Speaker
declared that the ayes had it.
Mr. COX. I would like to say a word about
this bill.
Mr. WELLS. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman c^n only
be heard by unanimous consent. The Chair
pronounced that the ayes had it.
Mr. COX. I desire only to say that I have
seen that hospital on Mare Island.'*
Mr. SARGENT. It is not on Mare Island.
Mr. COX. I know this is not; but there is
one 011 Mare Island which is never filled. It
costs twenty-five dollars a day to keep those
people there.
Mr. SARGENT. That is under the marine
service. This is the hospital for sailors gen-
erally under the United States ; and they are
now let out by a contract system in the State
of California.
Mr. COX. Why do they not use the build-
ings they have?
Mr. SARGENT. The United States hos-
pital was shattered in the earthquake and has
been in that condition for several years.
Mr. COX. The cily of San Francisco has
been shattered by the earthquake and so has
the gentleman himself.
The rules (two thirds having voted in favor |
thereof) were suspended, and the bill was ;
passed.
illtlDGKS ACROSS TIIIO MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report back the
bill (S. No. 84f>) to authorize the construction
of certain bridges across the Mississippi river,
and to establish the same as post roads, with
an amendment; and 1 move that the rules be
suspended and that the amendment be agreed
to. and the bill, as amended, be passed.
The bill was read.
Mr. FINKELN13URG. I hope that bill
will not be passed. It provides, I understand,
that there shall be a second bridge at Quincy,
where there is one already.
Mr. McNEELY. I object to debate.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Two bridges along-
side of each other would necessarily obstruct
the navigation.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let tho amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Commerce be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to the seventh section this proviso :
Provided, That tho construction of the bridge
mentioned in this section ^hall be commenced with-
in eighteen months from the passage of this act.
Mr. McCRARY. I rise to a question of
order. Would it be in order now to move to
refer the bill to the Committee on Commerce?
The SPEAKER. Itwonld not, pending the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. McCRARY. Then 1 desire to have the
unanimous consent of the House to state my
objections to the bill.
Mr. McNEELY. I object.
Mr. McCRARY. I trust the rules will not
be suspended.
The question being taken on suspending the
rules and passing the bill with the amendment
of the Committee on Commerce, there were—
ayes 70, noes 19 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER under the rule ordered
tellers; aiid Mr. Hoi.man and Mr. McCrary
were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 105, noes 24.
Mr. McCRARY. I demand the yeas and
nays. I want to know if anybody here cares
anything for the commerce of the Mississippi
river.
On the question of ordering the yeas and
nays there were—ayes ten.
So (one fifth not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the yeas and nays were refused ; and the
rules having been suspended (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof) the bill was passed
with the amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
OUDER OK BUSINESS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ I move that the
House take a recess until half past seven
o'clock this evening.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will ob-
serve now that the difficulty he suggested as
arising from the ruling of the Chair does not
exist. The House can take a recess if a motion
to suspend the rules is not pending. If the mo-
tion to adjourn is made before the motion to
suspend the rules it takes precedence.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I make that motion.
Mr. KETCIIAM. I ask that certain bills
of the Senate now on the Speaker's table, the
titles of which I ask the Clerk to read, be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
not to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
The Clerk read the titles of the bills.
Mr. COX. I object.
JAMES F. JOY.
On motion of Mr. PARKER, of Missouri,
by unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 654)
for the relief of .lames F. Joy was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
l.KAVK TO I'ltlNT.
Mr. ROOSEVELT asked and obtained the
leave ot the House to print in the Globe some
remarks on the subject of iisli culture. [See
Appendix.]
iion. gkorgk m. brooks.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following communication :
Washington-, May 13, 1872.
Sir: I have tho honor to inform you that I have
tendered to the Govinhoi of tho tjomuionvvejiilli of"
MusKachusr-tts iny resignation of'thoodieo of Rep-
resent;! tivo of tho sovonth congressional disiriet.
in the Cont're&s of tho United States, to take elteet
on the date hereof.
1 aiu, with great respect, your obedient serv,int.
GJ50RUH M. BROOKS.
Hon. Jamks 0. Blaine,
Siievkcr livuxe oj /U/traHfjnluliveH.
order of 1iusinkss.
The SPEAKER. The evening session is
devoted to the consideration of the pension
bill reported by the Committee on Invalid
Pensions; and the understanding is that it
cannot, go over as unfinished business unless
the previous question is seconded on the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
make an inquiry of the Chair. Have not the
Committee on Invalid Pensions the right to
take up other bills if the general bill is dis-
posed of in sufficient time V
The SPEAKER. The Chair presumes
there will be no objection to that, but the
Chair does not remember that was stated when
the order was made.
Mr. GAIIFIELD, of Ohio. I hope then it
will beunderstood that the Committee on Pen-
sions may take up and dispose of other pen-
sion bills if they get through with the general
bill before the evening session closes.
The SPEAKER. If the motion for a recess
prevails, the House will meet this evening at
half past seven o'clock, Mr. Wheeler occu-
pying the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
The question was taken upon Mr. Farns-
worth's motion, and it was agreed to; and
the House (at four o'clock and forty-three
minutes p. m.) took a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
The hour of half past seven o'clock having
arrived, the House resumed its session, Mr.
Wheeler occupying the chair as Speaker pro
tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By special
order, the proceedings of this evening are
devoted to the consideration of the general
pension bill.
order 01' business.
Mr. PECK. In the absence of the chair-
man of the committee, I desire to offer a few
pension bills for private pensions.
julia cosgrove.
Mr. PECK, from tho Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No. 27G5)
granting a pension to Julia Cosgrove ; which
was read a first and second time.
The hill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provis-
ions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Julia Cosgrove, widow of Edward
Cosgrove, latea private in company K, twenty-
fourth veteran reserves, the bill to take effect
from its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third tithe; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
mary wiiaucn
Mr. PECK also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (II. R. No. 2700) granting a
pension to Mary Whalen; which was read a
first, and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
diiects the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension roll, subject to the provis-
ions and limitations of the pension lawp, the
name of Mary Whalen, widow of Michael
Whalen, lale a private in company B, twenty-
eighth regiment Kentucky -volunteers, from
and after ill" passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
rend a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARIJUU.A I). AND I.INIISEY N. WARFIiaP,
Mr. PECK also, from the same committee,
repotted a bill (II. R. No. 27fi7) granting a
pension to Ardelia D. Warfield and Lindsey
N. Warfield; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the names of Ardelia D. Warfield and Lindsey
N. Warfield, only surviving minor children of
Andrew W. Warfield, late a pi ivatc unassijjncd
in the fifteenlh regiment of New York volun-
teers, and acting as hospital steward of such
regiment, who died at Raleigh. North Caro-
lina, of disease contracted m the service ; the
act to take effect from and after its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which ihe bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
