1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
That strikes me to be something in accord-
ance with the dignity of the Government, and
even for sach capacity as this something ought
to be allowed. For the mere purpose of sav-
ing to the Government $16,000, which is the
difference between the House bill and the pro-
vision of the Senate committee's amendment,
my impression is that there should be no change
Wade in the appropriation recommended by
the House.
Mr. MORTON. There is not nearly that
amount of difference.
Mr. HILL. The difference in actual money
is $16,000, though I know the amendment
reduces the number in some degree. I under-
stand they are detailed in squads of nine with
an officer—some one is detailed as the officer
in charge of the police for every twelve hours.
When we take into view the expenses of living
and the general appearance the police are
expected to make, 1 cannot think that the com-
pensation as voted by the House is too great,
aud I think the Senate can very well afford
not to be outdone iu liberality toward a service
which is so essential to the Capitol.
Mr. COLE. The pending amendment
would place the compensation and organiza-
tion of this force where it was put by the
appropriation bill of last year, which I have
before me; and the object is to put it precisely
where it was last year in the appropriation bill
of that year for the current fiscal year. Can-
dor requires me state that several times Con-
gress has in the deficiency bill added to the
salary of this force. The purpose last year
was to put it at a certain rate of compensa-
tion, and to keep it there, if possible. The
question is now before the Senate whether
they will keep it where it was placed in the
appropriation bill of last year, or whether they
will add about twenty per cent, to the salaries
of all and increase the grade of some of the
force.
Mr. WRIGHT. I should be very glad to
have information from the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations on one point.
Suppose wo should provide in this bill an aggre-
gate sum to be paid to the captain aud privates
of the Capitol police force, 1 should like to
know under the law how much they would get,
each one.
Mr. COLE. I do not understand the ques-
tion. Will the Senator please repeat, it?
Mr. WRIGHT. Suppose, instead of pro-
viding that the captain and the lieutenants
and the privates should have so much, each
individual, we should appropriate an aggre-
gate sum to be paid them, 1 want to know
how much each private would get under the
law as it now stands.
Mr. COLE. It would depend very much on
the amount appropriated. I cannot tell with-
out knowing that.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have suggested the con-
tingency of making an aggregate appropriation ;
and* in that event, under the law as it now
stands, how much would each one get ?
Mr. COLE. I ant not aware that the law
fixes the salaries any differently from what they
are in the appropriation bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. Would the privates get
$1,320, or would they get $1,584?
Mr. EDMUNDS. One thousand three hun
dred and twenty dollars.
Mr. WRIGHT. That is the very question
I want to have settled, and upon which I think
the .Senators are mistaken, f understand that
by the statute of May 2, 1828, the compensa-
tion'of these officers was left to the Presiding
Officer of this body and the Speaker of the
House ; and under that statute—and by refer-
eneetotheStatutes-at-Large, volume four, page
260, you will find that that was the law—they
fixed the compensation of the captain of police
at $1,740, and of the privates at $1,100. Then
I understand that by the act of Aprti 23, 1854,
twenty per cent, upon the compensation pro-
vided by these officers was added.
Mr. COLE. If I may be allowed to inter-
rupt the Senator now, the attempt is made to
add another twenty per cent.
Mr. WRIGHT. Wait until I get through,
and the Senator will see where we land. You
added twenty per cent, by the act of April 20,
1854, to the compensation fixed by the action
of the Presiding Officers of the two Houses.
That made the compensation $1,320. That
you find in the Statutes-at-Large, volume ten,
page 276. Then, by the act of July 28, 1866,
(Statutes at-Large, volume fourteen, page 223,)
you added twenty, per cent, to that. And
twenty per cent, to $1,320, and that makes it
$1,584. That is where the law stands to-day,
if I understand it.
Mr. MORTON. That is right.
Mr. WRIGHT. Now, it is proposed by this
amendment, instead of leaving the appropri-
ation as the House left it, carrying out the
existing statute, to reduce it. That is the
way the law stands. I am opposed to the
amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 ask the Senator if the
enactment giving twenty per cent, in each
case was not an appropriation act just like this,
and if it is not competent for U3 to day either
to add to or subtract from the compensation
in the same way it was added to before?
Mr. WRIGHT. It does not make any dif-
ference whether you fixed their compensation
in an appropriation bill or in an act that was
not an appropriation bill. My proposition is
that the compensation of these officers is fixed
by the law, and was fixed by the last law add-
ing twenty per cent, to the $1,320. Now you
propose by your appropriation bill here to say
that you will appropriate to them so much;
and when you have done that, before this Con-
gress adjourns, or at the next session of this
Congress, you will have a deficiency bill to
make it up, just as you did at the last session
of Congress.
Mr. SAWYER. Does the Senator think
that these persons would have a just claim
against the Government if in this appropria-
tion bill we should fix the salary of a private
at $1,320? Would the private then have a
just and legal claim on the Government for
any larger sum ?
Mr. WRIGHT. Does the Senator put the
question to me ?
Mr. SAWYER. Yes, sir. If we iu this
appropriation bill appropriate $1,320 as the
annual compensation of a private on the Capi-
tol police, I wish to know if the Senator thinks
that, notwithstanding that was all the appro-
priation made for his annual compensation, he
would still have a claim against the Govern-
ment under thelawforany additional amount?
Mr. WRIGHT. I say that that very thing
has occurred, that you made an appropriation
at one time upon a basis less than they were
entitled to, and afterward Congress m a defi-
ciency bill made provision to make it up.
I answer the Senator's question by putting
this one to him, as I did to the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations: if you
provide in your law an aggregate sum to pay
these men, say $50,000 or $100,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, and leave
your law in that way, how much will be paid
to these men?
Mr. SAWYER. In answer to that question
I want to get the opinion of the Senator
whether he thinks that now by law they are
entitled to a fixed sum.
Mr. WRIGHT. I most certainly do.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I ask him again if
in this appropriation bill it is not quite com-
petent for Congress to fix the salary which
they shall receive?
Mr. WRIGHT. It is most certainly com-
petent to change the law; but my point was
this: I understood the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to base his amend-
ment upon the theory that they were not en-
titled to this pay under existing law; now I
say that this amendment is a change of exist-
ing law.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to call his attention to the law as it stands?
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. At the first session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress this act was passed,
(July 28, 1866,) which is a continuing act:
41 That there be allowed and paid to the officers,
clerks, committee clerks, messengers, and all other
employes of the Senate and Ilouse of Represent-
atives, and to the Globe and official reporters of
each House, and the stenographers of the House,
and to the Capitol police, and the three superin-
tendents of the public gardens, their clerks and as-
sistants, and to the Librarian, assistant librarians,
messengers, and other employes of the Congres-
sional Library, an addition of twenty per cent, on
their present pay, to commence with the present
Congress; and the amount necessary to pay this
allowance is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
That had tlie effect to put the pay of the
captain at $2,088, of the lieutenants at $1,800
each, and of the privates at $1,584 each.
That is the way the law stands now. There-
fore this amendment would have the effect of
changing the salaries fixed by law. An ap-
propriation bill should simply appropriate the
amounts required by existing law; but this
amendment seeks to change the legal salary
and fix a new salary by way of making a
smaller appropriation. That is all.
Mr. COLE. Not that alone. If the Sena-
tor reads the whole amendment he will find
that after naming the total sum of $42,800, it
proceeds to say, "which sums shall be the
compensation of the officers in this clause
named." That is a part of the amendment.
Now I think we can take the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 11, noes 22 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not mean to take
up time, but only to say that the compensa-
tion which it is proposed to give 'these gentle-
men for duty in-doors eight hours a day, (not
twelve hours a day, as has been stated,) is fifty
per cent, larger than that which is given to the
highest paid policemen in the country, who are
obliged toencounter storms and walk rounds.
Mr. SHERMAN. How much pay is allowed
to the Capitol police?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The pay allowed the
Capitol police as I consider the law now is to
privates $1,320. This bill, if yon refuse to
agree to our amendment, will pay them $1,584;
and the payof a policeman in the city of New
York (which gives the highest pay of any city
that I am acquainted with) is $1,000 q, year.
Mr. MORTON. More than that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; it is $1,000 a year.
Now, compare the exposure to the weather;
compare the risks and dangers to which police-
men there are exposed to what these gentlemen
are here, and then undertake to tell the people
of this country that it is right to pay these gen-
tlemen $1,600 a year apiece, when people who
perform the same sort of service, only much
more severe and dangerous, are glad to obtain
employment at the rate of $1,000 a year. That
is all I wish to say.
Mr. HILL. I will ask the Senator from
Vermont if he can tell us what the chief of
police in New York gets; whether his salary
is not more than $1,000 a year?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, Mr. President, I
cannot say what he gets, but he is chief of
rather more than twenty-five men inside of a
building where all is order and peace and
good will. He is the head of a thousand men,
covering a territory of fifteen or twenty square
miles, and a population of more than a mil-
lion people.
Mr. HILL. And because he is the head of
a thousand men, I take it that chief is never
exposed to any bad weather himself. He is
always within doors, where he is accessible,
and giving direction to the affairs of that great
