650
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
Ho. of Reps.
Expenditures of the Government—Mr. Beck.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
when they are unjustly gorging the "bondholder
with gold wrung Irom the sweat of the poor.
Such expenditures may well be called extra-
ordinary, but it is not equally clear how gen-
tlemen can stand tip here and claim credit for
them.
All these things are bad enough, but there
are worse things than these connected with
the expenditures of the Government under
Republican rule 5 things that would not be
tolerated for a moment in any other free Gov-
ernment upon earth, and which never would
have been tolerated her'e but for the reckless-
ne>s and party rancor which ha9 contolled all
things for the last few years. I allude now to
the irrespons.ble and secret expenditure of
the proceeds of sales of public property by the
various Departments of the Government,
which has been carried on to a frightful extent
without accounting to Congress, or even advis-
ing the Representatives of the people of the
facts. I have called the attention of Congress
to these abuses so oiten and complained of
their existence so bitterly, that I almost fear
that 1 will be classed among the common
scolds if I allude to them again. However,
Mr. Benton used to say that the finest figure
of speech in the English language was <kduig-
dong " Acting on his authoiaiy, I intend to
ding-dong these fact into the ears of the Amer-
ican Congre?s till the abuses of which I com-
plain are slopped, as they will be as soon as
the American people get to understand them.
The people believe now that all expendi-
tures are ma.de in accordance with appiopria-
tions ordered by Congress on bills originating
in the House of .Representatives, when the
fact is that five of the bureaus of the War
Department alone have in the last six years,
according to their own admission, sold to suit
themselves property belonging to the people,
and pui chased with their money, to the amount,
of $132,719,400 38, and have spent it all in
ways that Congress knows nothing of, without
appropriation, and in addition to liberal if
not extravagant appropriations which have
been regularly made every year by Congress
for their support and maintenance, and they
have refused and continue to refuse even to tell
us to whom they have paid it, what claims ihey
have settled, or any fact that throws any light
upon their conduct in regard to its expendi-
ture. I urged and demanded information in
regard to these matters, until the House passed
resolutions last February requiring the Secre-
taries of War and of me Navy to give the
information demanded, and ordered the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to tell us wb^jb his De-
partment showed as to these sales and the
disposition made of their proceeds. After all
soits of evasion, becausc of expense, &c , the
Secretary of War sent to Congress a soit of
response. (See Executive Document, No. 200,
second session Foi ty*Second Congress.) It
is contained in six lines and a half, and reads
as follows:
I have the honor to send you, herewith, for the
information of the House, reports of the chiefs of
such bureaus of this department as have sold public
property snicc June 30, 1865, and which answers, so
far as the limited clerical, torce thatcoukl he spared
for the work without great prejudice to important
public interests and a reference to the records in
possession ot the Department will permit within a
reasonable time, the requirements of said resolu-
tion.
Very respectfully, your obedient se  v<mt,
wm.w. belknap,
Secretary of War.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives.
The reports of the chiefs of bureaus are gen-
erally equally laconic, the most important of
them, that of the Quartermaster General, end-
ing thus; after simply giving aggregate amounts
received, he adds:
Making the total amount received by this Depart-
ment since June 30, 1865, in excess of its appropri-
ations, $107,959,416 62. All of this has been used in
payment of indebtedness of the Department-, except,
as before stated, the sum of $2,277,807 64.
Very respectiully, your obodipntservant.
ROBERT ALLEN,
Acting Qtuirterniazter General,
Brevet Major General U. S. A.
The honorable Secretary of "War.
In addition to the amount received from sales by
the Quartermaster General $107,959,416 62
The subsistence department sold to
the additional amount of (not paid
into the Treasury in any form )  2,103,005 85
The Surgeon General's sales amount-
ed to....  5,233.977 73
The Engineers Bureau's sales  291.042 55
The Ordnance Bureau's sales  17.132,817 63
In five bureaus $132,719.460 38
The subsistence department reports pro-
ceeds of sales in addition to the above of
$35,076,007 72 placed to the credit of tbe
surplus fund. It"will be observed that the
sales of property by and expenditures of the
Freed men's Bureau and sevetal others are not
embraced in the above amount, while refer-
ence to the appropriation acts of Congress
will show that each one of these bureaus has
been drawing from the Treasury each year
the sums claimed to be necessary for the run-
ning of the bureau, and the people have been
made to believe that the War Department was
being kept up-annually solely by appropria-
tions made by Congress for that purpose.
Think of it, sir, a quartermaster spends
nearly one hundred and six million dollars in
excess of all appropriations in six years—a
much larger sum than was required for the
support ot the whole Government from 1791
to 1812 j nnd yet, when asked by Congress
what has been done with the money, the only
answer is, 4 4 A11 of it has been used to pay the
debts of the department." Surely the Repre-
sentatives of the people, whose properry has
been sold by a quartermaster, have a right to
be informed at least what debts have been
paid with its proceeds. Even the judgments
of the Court of Claims, except for limited
amounts, are revised and appropriations made
by Congress for their payment. Scrutiny is
exercised by committees, and Congress has
to pass upon the decision of committees
specially appointed to investigate southern
claims; but a quartermaster of the War
Department can sell our property, constitute
himself into a court, pay to whom he pleases,
reject such as he sees fit, establish rules or
act without rules, keep all his proceedings
in the dark, and after disposing of property
worth perhaps $500,000,000 for $107,000,000,
pay out the sum received to his own favor-
ites, and disposes of a resolution of inquiry
as to his acts by telling Congress, in a line, that
the money has been used to nay the debts of
the department; yet the leaders of the Admin-
istration come here and boast about econ-
omy and the prudent management' of public
affairs when not one of them can guess within
$100,000,000 of the value of the public prop-
erty which has been sold, or form the slightest
idea of the character of property disposed
of, and they have not the most remote con-
ception of the amount or character of the
(so-called) debts paid, of the proof by which
they were sustained, or of tbe means to which
claimants had to resort in order to obtain pay-
ment. The simple statement that property
enough to bring $132,000,000 has been sold
and the proceeds spent by a single bureau of
one Department of the Government without
appropriation by Congress, and in ways that
Congress knows nothing of, is enough to, con-
demn any Administration, and the men who
uphold such a system as unlit to represent a
free people.
Knowing that it was almost certain that the
proper information would not be furnished by
the War Department, I obtained the passage
of a resolution calling upon the Secretary of
the Treasury for information as to the money
which passed through the Treasury from the
sales of property made by the Departments,
but he professes to be unable to give it. After
holding the resolution over two mouths he
returned the following answer:
Treasury Department,
Washington, 1). C., May 8, 1872.
Sir: In answer to that part of the resolution
offered by Mr. Beck, on the 28th of February last,
which is directed to the Secretary of the Treasury,
as follows:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform tbe House what amount of money
has been paid into the Treasuiy, or to the Treasurer
of the United States, from the sales of property by
the officers of the War Department since the 30th
day of June, 1865; he will intorm the House how
much money so paid into the Treasury, or to the
Treasurer, has been withdrawn, stating when and
by whom, and in what amounts such portions as
have been withdrawn wer6 paid on the draft or order
of any officer ot the War Department/'
I have the honor to s-ay that the appropriation
accounts of the Treasury Department are'kept in
such a manner as not 10 show, how much money*
paid into the Treasury by officers of the War De-
partment, was received irom the sales of public
property, and how much as repayments on account
ot moneys theretofore advanced.
Under the laws in force prior to July 12, 1870, all
proceeds of property sold by officers ot the Govern-
ment were paid inio lliQ Treasury (ordinarily after
d cducting the expends ot sale) to the credit of the
appropriation from which the property was origin-
ally purchased, and no separate account was kept
by this Department on the appropriation ledgers
of the amounts received. But in the individual
accounts with the officers, wherein theywerecharged
and held accountable lor the property received, and
trcditcd with the amount issued or disposed of by
ehem, the proceeds of sales in each case would ap-
pear. When property was sold the officer making
the sale was credited iu his property account and
charged in his money account, thus settling the first
and making him accountable in the second.
It is not impossible to aggregate the items of inform-
ation asked lor by the resolution, but the amount of
labor involved, and the time necessary, exceed the
capacity of this Department during the present ses-
sion of Congress.
All moneys received into the Treasury from sales
of property wore credited to the specific appropria-
tion, and might be used according to the terms of
that appropriation upon the requisition of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, but in no case were the
monevs so deposited subject to the order or draft of
the officer making the deposit.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
GEO. S.BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
speaker House of Representatives. _
If nothing else would condemn the manage-
ment of the officials, the fact that they have
purposely mixed money received from sales
with the money received on annual appro-
priations so that it cannot be traced, ought
to do so. It is an effectual way to cover up
all delinquencies. It seems certain, therefore,
that the House of Representatives and the
country will not be allowed to know what has
become of the property sold by that Depart-
ment as long as the present Administration
remains iu power. If the people of the coun-
try ate foolish enough to give them a new lease
of power, we never will know. If, however,
on the 4th of next March they are ordered
to leave, as 1 trust they will be, then the
facts will all appear, unless tbe records dis-
appear, as the evidence in the Buell court-
martial and the reports of the commanders
in the Army during the war have, no one
seems to know how, when, or where—conven-
iently lost.
A statement of the management of affairs in
the Navy Department would be but a repeti-
tion of the condition of things in the War
Department. We have been making large
annual appropriations out of taxes collected for
all the bureaus of that Department, generally
more than double the amounts appropriated
for the same service before the war, while the
number of sailors and ships in the service is
not greater now than then; yet that Depart-
ment has been constantly selling our ships and
other property in its charge, and we can get
