1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
just as much as the rebels are benefited them-
selves, if not more.
Nay, sir, I plead also for the colored people
of the. South, whose path will be smoothed by
a measure calculated to assuage some of the
prejudices and to disaun some of the bitter-
nesses which still confront them; and I am
sure that nothing better could happen to them,
nothing could be more apt to make the growth
of good feeling between them and the former
master-class easier than the destruction of a
system which, by giving them a political supe-
riority, endangers their peaceable enjoyment
of equal rights.
And I may say to my honorable friend from
Massachusetts, '[Mr- Sumner,] who knows
well how highly I esteem him, and whom I
sincerely honor for his solicitude concerning
the welfare of the lowly, that my desire to see
their wrongs righted is no less sincere and no
less unhampered by any traditional prejudice
than his; although I will confess that as to
the constitutional means to that end we may
sometimes seriously differ; but X cannot re-
frain from expressing my regret that this
measure should be loaded with anything that
is not strictly germane to it, knowing as we
both do that the amendment he has proposed
cannot secure the necessary two-thirds vote in
at least one of the Houses of Congress, and
that therefore it will be calculated to involve
this measure also in the danger of common
failure. I repeat, it is wot merely for the
rebels I plead; it is for the whole American
people, for there is not a citizen in the land
whose true interests, rightly understood,^are
not largely concerned in every measure affect-
ing the peace and welfare of any State of this
Union.
Believe me, Senators, the statesmanship
which this period of our history demands is
not exhausted by high-sounding declamation
about the greatness of the crime of rebellion,
and fearful predictions as to what is going to
happen unless the rebels are punished with
sufficient severity. We have heard so much
of this from some gentlemen, and so little else,
that the inquiry naturally suggests itself whether
this is the whole compass, the be-all and the
end-all of their political wisdom and their polit-
ical virtue; whether it is really their opinion
that the people of the South maybe plundered
with impunity by rascals in power, that the sub-
stance of those States may be wasted, thai their
credit maybe ruined, that their prosperity may
be blighted, that their future may be blasted,
that the poison of bad feeling may stiil be
kept working where we might do something
to assuage its effects; that the people may lose
moie aud more their faith in the efficiency of
self-government and of republican institutions;
that all this may happen, and we look on com-
placently, if we can only continue to keep a
thorn in the side of our late enemies,^and to
demonstrate again and again, as the Senator
from Indiana has it, our disapprobation ot the
crime of rebellion?
Sir, such appeals as these, winch we have
heard so frequently, may be well apt to tickle
the ear of an unthinking multitude. But un-
less I am grievously in error, the people of the
United States are a multitude not unthinking.
The American people are fast becoming aware
that great as the crime of rebellion is, there
are other villainies beside it; that much as^ it
may deserve punishment there are other evils
flagrant enough to demand energetic correc-
tion, that the remedy for such evils does
after all not consist in the maintenance of
political disabilities, and that it would be well
to look behind those vociferous demonstra-
tions of exclusive and austere patriotism to
see what abuses and faults of policy they are
to cover, and what rotten sores they aie todis
guise. The American people are fast begin-
ning to perceive that good and honest govern-
ment in the South, as well as throughout the
whole country, restoring a measurable degree ot
confidence and contentment, will do infinitely
more to revive true loyalty and a healthy
national spirit, than keeping alive the resent-
ments of the past by a useless degradation of
certain classes of persons; and that we shall fail
to do our duty unless we use every means to con-
tribute our share to that end. And those, I
apprehend, expose themselves to grievous dis-
appointment who still think that by dinning
again and again in the cars of the people the
old battle-cries of the civil war, they can befog
the popular mind as to the true requirements
of the times, and overawe and terrorize the
public sentiment of the country.
Sir, I am coming to a close. One word
more. We have heard protests here against
amnesty as a measure intended to make us
forget the past and to obscure and confuse our
moral appreciation of the great events of our
history. No, sir; neither would I have the
past forgotten, with its great experiences and
teachings. Let the memory of the _ grand
uprising for the integrity of the Republic ; let
those heroic deeds and sacrifices before which
the power of slavery crumbled into dust, be
forever held in proud and'sacred remembrance
by the American people. Let it never be for-
gotten, as I am sure it never can be forgotten,
that the American Union, supported by her
faithful children, can never be utidermined by
any conspiracy ever so daring, nor overthrown
by any array of enemies ever so formidable.
Let the great achievements of onr struggle for
national existence be forever a source ot lofty
inspiration to our children and children's
children.
But surely, sir, I think no generous resolu-
tion on our part will mar the luster of those
memories, nor will it obliterate front the
southern mind the overwhelming experience
that lie who raises his hand against the majesty
of this Republic is doomed to disastrous
humiliation and ruin. 1 would not have it
forgotten; and, indeed, that experience is so
indelibly written upon the southern countly
that nothing can wipe it out.
But, sir, as the people of the North and of
the South must live together as one people,
and as they must be bound together by the
bonds of a common national feeling, I ask you,
will it not be well for us so to act that the his-
tory of our great civil conflict, which cannot be
forgotten, can neither be remembered by south-
ern men without finding in its closing chap-
ter this irresistible assurance: that we, their
conquerors, meant to be, and were after all, not
their enemies, but their friends? When file
southern people eon over the distressing cata-
logue of the misfortunes they have brought
upon themselves, will it not be well, will it not
be " devoutly to be wished " for our common
future, if at the end of that catalogue they find
an act which will force every fair-minded man
in the South to say of the northern people,
"When we were at war they inflicted upon us
the severities of war; but when the contest
had closed and they found us prostrate before
them, grievously suffering, surrounded by the
most perplexing difficulties aud on the hn"'£
of new disasters, they promptly swept all the
resentments of the past out of their way and
stretched out their hands to us with the very
fullest measure of generosity, anxious, eager
to lift us up from our prostration?"'
Sir, will not this do something to_ dispel
those mists of error and prejudice which are
still clouding the southern mind? I ask again,
will it not be well to add to the sad memories
of the past which forever will live m their
minds, this cheering experience, so apt to pre-
pare them for the harmony of a better and
common future?
No, sir; I would nothave the past forgotten,
but I would have its history completed and
crowned by an act most worthy of a great,
noble, and wise people. By all the means
which we have in our hands, ! would make
even those who have sinned against this Kepub-
lie see in its flag, not the symbol of their last-
ing degradation, but of rights equal to all; 1
would make them feel in their hearts that in
its good and evil fortunes their rights and
interests are bound up just as ours are, and
that therefore its peace, its welfare, its honor,
and its greatness may and ought to be as dear
to them as they are to us.
T do not,indeed, indulgein thedelusion that
this act alone will remedy all the evils which
we now deplore. No, it will not; but it will
be a powerful appeal to the very best instincts -
and impulses of human nature; it will, like
a warm ray of sunshine in spring-time, quicken
and call to light the germs of good intention
wherever they exist; it will give new courage,
confidence, and inspiration to the well-dis-
posed ; it will weaken the power of the mis-
chievous, by stripping of their pretexts and
exposing in their nakedness the wicked designs
they still may cherish ; it will light anew the
beneficent glow of fraternal feeling and of
national spirit; for, sir, your good sense as
well as your heart, must tell you that, when this
is truly a people of citizens equal in their
political rights, it will then be easier to make
it also a people of brothers.
Mr. NYE obtained the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend allow
me one moment ?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
APPOKTIONMENT OF KEPRKSKNTAl'IVBS.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to bring to the
Senate knowledge of a fact connected with the
apportionment bill passed on yesterday. There
was upon the report of the Judiciary Commit-
tee introduced into that bill an amendment
providing for cases in which States might
abridge the elective franchise, and by an error
in the amendment the wrong section of the
article of the Constitution was referred to, sec-
tion one, and not section two, as was intended.
Before this came to the knowledge of the
House, the amendment of the Senate was con -
curr ed in, and I bring the fact to the knowl-
edge of the Senate, in order that it Jt be the
pleasure of the Senate the House may be re-
quested to return the bill, inasmuch as we have
not been informed of the concurrence ot the
House. It seems to me to bo incumbent upon
the Senate rather than upon the House to make
the request to take the action necessary to cor-
rect the error because we fell into the error
here. I have before me the provision of the
bill, as it stands reported in the Globe, and
I have inquired and find that it is so in the
original bill. It relers to article fourteen, sec-
tion one, of the Constitution. The reference
intended to be made was to article fourteen,
section two, of the Constitution. In the absence
of some better suggestion, 1 move that the
House be requested to return this bill, when 1
suppose the error being merely literal and
accidental can be corrected in a moment, and
the bill sent back to the House, when a recon-
currence can take place at once.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I do not know what the
practice in Congress has been, but it strikes
me that unless the practice has been sftttled
in accordance with the motion made by the
Senator from New York he proposes a prac-
tice that is inadmissible. We can certainly
ask the House to send us back a.bill when the
House has not concurred ill the amendments
made by the Senate, that is to say, at any time
before the action of" the House is complete,
and then we may make corrections; bat after
both Houses have acted on the bill, and after
their action is complete, if there be any error
in it, it seems to mc that that must be corrected
by another bill or resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me a moment? .
Mr. THURMAN. I shall be through m a
single moment.
Mr. CONKLING. I want at that point to
make a suggestion to the Senator if he will
allow me. I have no doubt the Senator would
he quite right if he or I knew, if the Senate
knew, that the House had concurred in the
