704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
amendment. There is but one way in which
we can know that fact- 
Mr. TH URMAN. I was just going to speak
of that very thing.
Mr. CONKLING. And we have not been
apprised of it. Perhaps I transcended some-
what the rules of the body by referring so far
to the proceedings of the other House; but as
I was informed of it by the Clerk of the House,
I may perhaps without impropriety add that I
was informed also that it was brought to the
knowledge of the House too late to correct it
there, and that there would be an abstinence
for awhile from informing the Senate of the
fact that the House had concurred, to tho end
that we might call attention to it in this way.
Mr. THURMAN. We might as well get at
the real facts first as last. It is true we have
not been officially informed that the House
has concurred in the amendment made by the
Senate; but if the House were to send back
the bill, it ought at the same time to commun-
icate its action upon that bill to the Senate,
and any Senator would have the right to ask
the Senate in sending a message to the House
requesting the return of a bill also to request
the House to state whether any action bad
taken place in the House on that bill, so that
we might act with knowledge of what had been
done in the House, so that ultimately the fact
would come before the Senate and be before
the Senate that the House had acted 011 the
bill. We might as well look at it, therefore, in
that view at once, before passing any such
resolution as this. If the resolution is simply
nugatory when we get all the facts before us,
then we need not pass tho resolution. It is
not the right way to correct the error. As I
said before, I do not know what the practice
is, but it strikes me, reflecting upon it for a
moment, as undoubtedly true that where both
Houses have acted upon a bill so that they are,
so to speak, functus officio, the bill cannot be
returned to either House and corrected, but
must be corrected by a subsequent bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose it would be in
order, if necessary, to move to reconsider.
Any person voting with the majority could
move to reconsider that vote.
Mr. THURMAN. That should be done in
the House.
Mr. POMEROY. It is in order here, I
take it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order
here, but it must also be accompanied, by the
usage of the Senate, with a request to the
House of Representatives to return the bill, as
the bill itself must be hero when the motion to
reconsider is acted upon. The motion is enter-
tained under reserve, it may be stated, coupled
with a resolution asking the House to return
the biHt so that the actual bill itself can be in
possession of the body, so that it can be laid
on the table if they desire.
Mr. THURMAN, This is the question I
wish to submit to tho Chair: if a motion be
made to reconsider, and coupled with that a
resolution to send a message to the House
requesting the return of the bill, and it appear
upon the return of the bill by the message of
the House that the House has acted on the
bill, I submit that that destroys the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. CONKLING. That question is not
here.
Mr. THURMAN. But it would be here.
Suppose the bill had been signed by the Pres-
ident, would a motion to reconsider be of any
avail although made within twenty-four hours?
Manifestly not. The error can only be cor-
rected by a subsequent bill. You may make
your motion to reconsider within twenty-four
hours, and if the bill has not passed the other
House, that is all very well; but if the bill has
passed the other House, it is just precisely, so
fa,r as the motion to reconsider is concerned
as if it had received the signature of the Pres-
ident.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the Chair rule.
Tl  VICE PRESIDENT. As the bill itself
is not before the Senate, the Chair does not
know whether the Senator from Ohio desires
him to state what the usage has been, and it
is not his wish to iutrude his opinion on the
subject.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know what the
usage has been, and therefore I regard it as
res Integra.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator does
not understand the Chair. The Chair does not
propose to express an opinion on the subject
unless the Senator desires an answer to his
question, as the Senate is not now in a posi-
tion to have a discussion on a point of order
if that should arise. The Chair will answer
the Senator, if he desires it, as several cases
have occurred previously.
Mr. THtJRMAN. As at present advised, I
shall vote against this motion. If the Chair is
of opinion and the Senate is of opinion that it
would be of any use, that the error could be
corrected by sending back the bill, that might
influence my vote; and therefore I should be
glad to know what the parliamentary law is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the Senator. Iu the House of Repre-
sentatives several times within his recollection,
perhaps at no time in the Senate, errors have
been discovered in the numbering of sections
of bills, where a certain section was referred
to, which, by a change in the numbering of tho
sections, proved to be an entirely different sec-
tion from the one contemplated in the refer-
ence, where the bill had passed to what prob-
ably is the present stage of this bill, and
requests have been made to have the bill re-
turned. If this bill is returned with any mes-
sage from the House of Representatives stat-
ing that they have concurred in the amend-
ment, that of course will put a different face
upon tho matter. It is a comity between the
two Houses when one House asks the other to
return a bill to do so; they have, as far as
the Chair knows, always returned it. It is
then within the possession of the body.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to suggest to the
Chair this difficulty: suppose the House returns
the bill without any message at all, and the Sen-
ate thereupon proceeds to correct this clerical
error, and the bill is then sent back to the House,
what is the House to do with the bill? Tho
House has already passed it; it has nothing to
do with it further, and the bill as it passed the
House is different from the bill which we ulti-
mately send back to the House. It seems to
me if this precise case has not been decided
we had better not make such a precedent as it
would make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer this question. The Senator has a right
to object, and if he objects the resolution can-
not be considered to-day. Like all other res-
olutions it must lie over one day. If the House
of Representatives returns, on the application
of the Senate, this bill to the Senate, it lies on
the Senate table, and the House of Represent-
atives, the coordinate branch of the legisla-
tive department of the Government, under-
stands that it is subject to the rules of the
Senate which allows them to reconsider it
within two days after the passage of the bill.
If they should, however, decline to return it,
that of course will end the question. The Sen-
ator from Ohio objects, as the Chair under-
stands.
Mr. THURMAN. In order that the prece-
dents may be looked to, and in order that we
may have some reflection upon it, I do object
to the consideration of the resolution to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
objects, and the resolution, therefore, cannot
be considered to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. In order that it may not
be too late to-morrow, I enter a motion to
reconsider the vote on the apportionment bill.
While the motion cannot be acted upon, it
should be entered to-day,
Mr. CONKLING. I take it for granted the
Chair deems ray motion made, and as lying
over on objection until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know how the motion to reconsider can
be entered on the Journal when the bill is not
here. It cannot be.
Mr. POMEROY. If that motion cannot be
entered, the resolution asking the House to
return the bill can be entered to-day and lie
over until to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. _ That the Chair deems
done already, I take it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read the rule:
"20. When a question has boon made and carried
in the affirmative or negative, whether previously
reconsidered or uot, it shall be in order for any Sen-
ator of the majority to move for tho reconsideration
thereof; but no motion for the reconsideration of
any vote shall be in order after the bill, resolution,
mossago, report, amondment. or motion upon which
the vote was taken shall have gone out of the pos-
session of tho Senate, announcing their decision,
except a resolution confirming or rejecting a nom-
ination by tho President: nor shall any motion for
reconsideration be in order, unless made on the
same day on which the vote was taken, or within tho
two next days of actual session of the Senate there-
after: but a motion to reconsider a vote upon a nom-
ination shall always, if the resolution announcing
the decision of the Senate has been sent to the
President, be accompanied by a message requesting
the President to return tho same to tho Senate."
The motion to reconsider upon an exec-
utive nomination can be made without the
message itself being in the possession of the
Senate, that is, where the confirmation may
have been transmitted to the President; but a
bill or resolution cannot be reconsidered or a
motion to reconsider entered without its being
in the possession of the Senate itself, and
therefore such a motion has always been
accompanied with a motion that the other
House be requested to return the bill to the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Chair indulge
me in a question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Is my motion, then, in
the proper form to lie over until to-morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is. The Chair has heard no objection to
the motion being made, except to its consid-
eration this day.
IMPORTATION OF MACHINERY.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
report:
The oommittee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the House (If.
K. No. 1062) to admit certain machinery imported
from foreigtfoountries free of duty, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respectivo Houses as
follows:
That tho IIouso recede from their disagreement to
tho first amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same.
The House not agreeing to theseoond amendment
of tho Senate, it is recommended that the second
section be stricken out.
JOHN SHERMAN,
WILLIAM P. KEiLOGG,
GEORGE GOLDTHWAIXE,
-Managers on the part of the Senate.
HORACE MAYNARD,
M. C. KEEK,
L. A. SHELDON.
Managers on thepart of the Mouse.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
have observed the recommendation of the con-
ference report in regard to the second section
of this bill. The question is, will the Senate
concur in the report ?
The report was concurred in.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were read twice by their titles
and referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities :
A bill (H. R. No. 1321) to relieve the per-
son therein named from legal and political
disabilities;
_ A bill (H. R. No. 1322) to relieve certain
citizens of Georgia from political disabilities:
A bill (H. R. No. 1325) to remove the dis-
abilities of certain persons therein named; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1326) to relieve the polit-
