1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
heretofore done in two or three cases almost
by a unanimous vote, propose again to the
House of Representatives the increase of these
salaries, and let the other House reject it if
they will. As a matter of course we can do
nothing further.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senator whether
the chief of the foreign mails is included in
the amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; all the heads
of bureaus are in, except the Commissioner
of Education.
Mr. SAWYER. I was about to move to
amend by inserting " the Commissioner of
Education."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, but
it is to be said at the same time that the office
of Commissioner of Education ia not so im-
portant as these other offices are.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina moves to amend the
amendment by inserting " the Commissioner
of Education."
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to state that when
the Department of Education was created by
the act of the 2d of March, 1867, the salary
was fixed at $4,000, and that for the year end-
ing 30th of June, 18G9,the salary was $4,000,
and that it was cut down on the 30th of June,
1870, to $3,000.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Finance if the
chief of the bureau connected with marine
hospitals is included in his amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. It strikes me that the
head of the marine hospitals is an officer of
the naval service.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir. I will state the rea-
son why I ask the question. That bureau was
created not very long ago, and the salary was
fixed at $2,000. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury thought he could detail an officer from the
Army to run the bureau, and undertook to
do it. Whether he had authority to make a
detail of an officer of tho Army for a civil posi-
tion, is a question which it is not necessary to
decide now. However, on examining the law,
he concluded that it was necessary to make an
appointment, and it was done. He appointed
a very scientific gentleman at the head of that
bureau who is drawing $2,000 a year, and he
has to travel all over the United States to
every marine hospital in the United States to
examine it. He has done it, and the evidence
in the Department to-day shows that within
the last six months that officer has reduced
the expenses of the marine hospitals over forty
thousand dollars, and reduction is going on
now in a greater ratio. The Secretary him-
self says that the change he has made in that
service is almost marvelous. The head of that
service is getting but $2,000 a year, which does
not pay him at all. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has twice, I think, recommended to the
Committee on Appropriations of the House an
increase of his salary. I do not remember the
amount he suggested, but I think something
like the amount mentioned in this amendment.
] recollect well the recommeudation made by
the Secretary of the Treasury, though not the
piecise amount, and I have talked with him
on the subject, and he is anxious the salary
should be raised. I hope the head of that
bureau will be included.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state to the Sena-
tor from Illinois that I have included all the
heads of bureaus properly so called. I do not
know the rank or position of the officer re-
ferred to by him. Every Cabinet officer to my
certain knowledge earnestly desires the passage
of this measure, which gives these bureau offi-
cers one half their own salaries ; but 1 would
not like to extend the list beyond the heads of
bureaus who have independent duties to dis-
charge.
Mr. LOGAN. Does the amendment name
the bureaus ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
. Mr. LOGAN. Then it excludes those that
are not named ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly. _
Mr. LOGAN. Hence I desire to insert the
name of this bureau. It is certainly a bu-
reau, though I do not know that it is so called
in the law. I will state the workings of it.
The head of this bureau has charge of all the
marine hospitals in the United States, and
on his recommendation all appointments are
made to those hospitals. He has the regula-
tion of the prices, everything in connection
with them. His report is made to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury the same as that of any
other head of bureau in the Treasury Depart-
ment. It is necessary to name the heads of
bureaus whose salaries are to be raised, and
you exclude those not named. It is as much
a bureau as any other and ought t,o be named,
whether it is called a bureau or not, be-
cause its duties are entirely separate and dis-
tinct from those of any other department or
division of the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. It isnota bureau in law,
because the law defines and organizes the dif-
ferent bureaus of the Executive Departments.
If the Senator will look at the law and show
me that this gentleman is the head of a bu-
reau I will include him. He is the head of a
division, I am informed by a Senator near me.
Mr. LOGAN. I stated a moment ago that
I did not know that it was called a bureau. I
am not aware that the law designates it as a
bureau; but if I understand what a bureau is,
this is a bureau. It is entirely separate and
distinct from any other matter connected with
the Treasury Department. Its business has
no connection with any other portion of the
business of the Treasury Department. Its
chief communicates directly with the Secretary
of the Treasury, and not through any one,
and he performs all the functions of a bureau
officer, whether it be denominated in law a
bureau or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have now before me
the law. This officer is not a bureau officer.
He is simply a clerk you may say, the head of
a division, " assigned asclerk having the direc-
tion of the marine hospital" 
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the Senator's pardon.
What is the date of the law that he is reading
from ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The law was handed me
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,]
the law organizing the marine hospitals.
Mr. LOGAN. That is not the law which
now prevails. The business was formerly
done by a clerk detailed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and who was merely to accept the
requisitions from, the marine hospital surgeons
aud supply them with medicines; and that was
about all the duty that was performed by the
officer. Since that time—I cannot call to mind
the date; 1 had it on a memorandum, but it
has been lost while 1 was absent—a law has
been passed changing that and authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint a
head to the marine hospital service, and the
name of this officer is the superintendent of
marine hospitals, I think. He is designated
as such by a law passed a few years ago, but I
do not remember the date of it now. He has
charge of all the marine hospitals of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HAMLIN. It was passed last year or
theyear before.
Mr. LOGAN. I know a law was passed
providing for this officer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have some
recollection about the law as to the supervision
of the hospitals. That business was originally
attended to by a clerk; but I remember that
some two or three years ago or more there was
a proposition to have an independent superin-
tendent who should stand by himself, not as a
clerk, and last year that was accomplished;
and so this man is simply a superintendent of
marine hospitals, whose duty I understand to
be precisely as the honorable Senator from
Illinois has stated. He goes about, supervises
aud superintends the hospitals.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me, I will read the law to which
the Senator from Illinois has referred. It is
a law passed in June, 1870, an act to reor-
ganize the marine hospital service. The sixth
section is as follows :
" Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to apuoint
a surgeon to act as supervising surgeon of marine
hospital service, whose duty it shall be. under the
direction of the Secretary, to supervise all matters
connected with the marine hospital service, and with
the disbursement of the fund provided bv this act,
at a salary not exceeding the rato of $2,000 per an-
num, and his necessary traveling expenses, who
shall be required to make monthly reports to the
Secretary of the Treasuiy."
Mr. LOGAN. That is the law. "Travel-
ing expenses" are merely what he spends him-
self, and the settlement of the accounts is
made in that way, so that he has nothing but
the $2,000. Gentlemen seem to look upon
this as a mere kind of clerkship. I do not
think they understand the duties this officer
performs. As the marine hospital business
was formerly conducted, I suppose there was
no service under the Government more neg-
lected than that, and there is no service in the
country to-day that requires a skillful man to
have charge of it more than this does. It is
at present organized under the Secretary of
the Treasury, as authorized by that law, the
same as the internal revenue service is.
The orders of this superintendent go to his
surgeons under him at all thedifferent places;
he approves the requisitions; he makes the
contracts ; he communicates directly to the
Secretary of the Treasury; he does all this
duty; and I venture to say further that he
has saved more money to the Treasury of the
United States in the last six months, since
he has been appointed supervising surgeon of
the marine hospital service, than any head of
bureau you have got, and he has been recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury for
an increase of salary, as the Secretary has
recommended it in the case of other heads
of bureaus. I do not care what you call it,
it is a bureau as much as any other, and per-
forms precisely similar duties, communicating
directly with the Secretary, and you cannot
obtain a first-class surgeon and physician,
which this man is and of necessity must be, to
preside properly over that department, any-
where in this country for any such meager
salary as that, and there is no man in any
bureau that works harder than he does or has
to work harder than he does.
Mr. SHERMAN. This officer gets now
$2,000 a year. He is about, the rank of prob-
ably one hundred and fifty other officers who
are agents to travel around the country, per-
forming important duties. I am making an
effort to secure a little increase of compen-
sation to a class ot officers that have never
bad the benefit of an increase of compensa-
tion, whose duties are immeasurably beyond
the duties of this officer, however important
they may be. This office was only created a
year or two ago, in 1870, and then was put
at $2,000 a year. That was the price put
upon his labor when the office was provided
for. Now, the idea that he should be ele-
vated up to the position of a $4,000 office, to
occupy the level of those who have been dis-
charging the highest duties of the Government,
it seems to me cannot be entertained, if that
kind of amendment is to be put on here, every
Senator can suggest officers whose salaries
ought to be increased, and you load this down.
1 appeal to the Senator from Illinois to
allow this proposition to stand by itself, and
not to seek to load it down by putting on other
officers, however meritorious they may be.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not seek to load it
down. I went to one of the Committee on
Appropriations in reference to this matter.
