2496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
eral Government or a State government, that
moment his pension shall cease.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think men make
a great deal of money honestly out of holding
offioe in this country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If this bill is put on the
ground that we are adding emoluments to the
judges of the United States contingently, so
that every man who is a judge and performs
faithfully his duty and gels disqualified be-
comes because he is a judge entitled to go on
the retired list, as you would say in the Army,
and then have his salary continued, it is per-
fectly plain that the question which the hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey has ashed
must be answered in the negative, and that
you cannot repeal your laws because the Con-
stitution forbids that you shall diminish the
emoluments, the profits of a judge in his char-
acter as a judge at all. If, on the-contrary, it
is merely providing a civil pension to people
employed in a certain branch of the civil ser-
vice who have gone out of office, it raises a
question which I think ought to be answered
adverse to this bill, because if the time has
come for this country to enter upon civil pen-
sions of worthy public servants, you cannot
distinguish between judicial and executive ser-
vice. A man who voluntarily accepts a judge-
ship, and has the honor, the profit, the emolu-
ment, the consideration that belong to that
station, has no more right to have a civil pen-
sion because he gets disabled, either after a
short or a long term of service, than any other
man in any other department of the civil ser-
vice who has performed faithful and continu-
ous and valuable service. There is nothing
peculiar in the judiciary which entitles that
particular body of men to any greater consid-
eration when they go out of office than applies
to any other class of citizens who are called to
public employment.
Here you are to take the step of saying now
that, no matter how short the term of service
of a particular civilian in the judicial func-
tion may have been, he may at any time resign
if he is disabled in the judgment of the Presi-
dent., and take, not the sort of pension that is
given to people in the military service, but a
pension nearly twenty times as great. You
do now by law say to a general in the Army
who has served for forty years, who has been
engaged in that forty years in four or five wars
and one hundred battles, that if he retires
from the service of the United States because
he is disabled, he shall not have the pay that
he had before, but he shall have thirty dollars
a month, $360 a year; and in revolutionary
times we did not even say that; we only said
that the man who had been disabled in the
Revolution, be he as high an officer as he
could be, should have only one half of his
pay, not the whole of it.
And now, Mr. President, as we are on the
Bubject of the pension-list, I wish to ask the
Senate to reflect on the fact that they turn, as
they have been obliged to turn, a deaf ear to
the appeals of men who have been shot all to
pieces, who have suffered more than oue am-
putation, who are made totally blind or have
lost both legs or both arms, where the most
we can give them is twenty five dollars a
month, because they haveeometo this misfor-
tune and sorrow "on the perilous edge of
battle," if I may use an oft-quoted phrase,
and say that you cannot do anything more for
them to support them, as we have been obliged
to say, in view of the thirty-odd millions
we now pay for pensions. In that state of
things will you provide that a man in the civil
service who has never been exposed to any
peril at all, who may be supposed to have vol-
unteered into the judgeship, not on account of
a sense of very high public duty, but on the
ground of accepting an agreeable, a safe, and
honorable employment, shall have this enorm-
ous pension? Shall we say to those who
have been disabled in the late and other wars,
'' We can do nothing more for you ; you must
live on twenty-five or thirty dollars a month, j
as the case may be"—I am now taking the
highest officers—and yet a civilian who has
chosen to engage in a safe and honorable em-
ployment and gets to be sick in a year or two,
or ten years, whatever the time may be, may
throw up his employment and have not only
the pension which the military man has, but a
pension ten times as great, and instead of
having $360 a year, may have from thirty-five
hundred to eight thousand dollars?
Mr. President, that is not just, and the
sense of the whole country will cry out against
it as unjust in the abstract. The people who,
according to the theory of our institutions, are
entitled to be taken care of when they are
disabled, are those who have been exposed to
personal peril in defense of the country, and
they are the people to whom we have under-
taken to make some provision, in many cases,
as I have said, altogether meager and inade-
quate, and only kept meager and inadequate
(as we put it ourselves to them in our reports
agreed to by the Senate and the House,) upon
the ground that the burdens of the country
are so great that we cannot afford to treat
them as they deserve on account of their per-
ils and sacrifices to be treated. And then
after that to turn around, putting this in the
pension point of view—which is perhaps prob-
ably the true view—and say that if a man is
lucky enough to be a lawyer instead of a sol-
dier, and then lucky enough to be made a
judge, and if he should get sick you are to
treat him a hundred times better than you do
the man who has exposed his life and has
been brought into a state of absolute physical
disability by the shot of the enemy in defend-
ing, it may be, the very court that the judge
was presiding over, while these men are in the
state of misery they are now obliged to go in,
as anybody can see from the sum we pay them,
is an act of injustice that I am unwilling to
assent to.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With great pleasure.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator pro-
pose that the judges of the courts shall be paid
the same wages that are paid to soldiers, live
soldiers, fighting soldiers? Does he propose
that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose I did or did not,
what has that to do with the case?
Mr. THURMAN. I think it has a good
deal to do when you consider the Senator's
talk about compensation. He is stirring up
our martial blood.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the honorable Sen-
ator tell me what the difference is ?
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator is exclaim-
ing against large pensions to lawyers, so much
more than we give to soldiers. I want to know,
if that is a good argument, why it is not a good
argument for making the wages of the soldier
equal to the wages of the judge?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
is always opposed to any war that we have ever
heard of; but if he knew as much about war
as he does about law, he would know that the
kind of soldiers that compare with the judges
have been paid more than the judges have,
and they have earned it. The pay of a major
general in.the Army of the United States is
greater than that, of a district or a circuit judge,
and it ought to be, for he performs more ser-
vice, at greater peril, and the statutes have
made it so.
Now, what is the result of the theory of my
honorable friend, thongh of course it is a sub-
ject he does not understand as applied to the
war part of it? The theory he advances is a
vicious and unsound one; but take the theory
for granted for a moment, what then? The
disabled generals—and there are a good many
of them who were not mere feather generals,
so to speak, but were men that led the front
of battle and deserved the gratitude of their
country, if there is any gratitude left in the
country—received more pay than a district
judge did; and therefore we must make the
pension to the widow of such ammi or to him-
self, crippled and diseased and destroyed for
this life iu that perilous service, as great as
you propose. But every Senator says no, we
cannot do it, because we have not money
enough. And yet, telling these soldiers that
you have not money enough, you turn around
to the favored class and say, " If you have
chosen the pleasant paths of peace, have sat
on the woolsack for a few days or a few years,
and find yourself troubled to perform your
duties, you may retire in honor and take your
full pay." Mr. President, it is not right, and
no amount of argument, I think, can convince
the intelligent people of this country that it is
right.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont reminds me that I have no military
laurels. That is very true —
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I did not say that.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe the Senator is
in the same category. I think neither of us
has ever been scalped. He says that I have
been a peace man. Well, I was so in the
language of a Senator who sits behind him,
that " peace has her victories as well as war,"
and I am not particularly anxious to gain any
other victories than in peace. I was once for a
war, a war that I do not know whether my
friend was for or against, but his party were
against it and said our troops ought to be
welcomed with bloody hands to hospitable
graves.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is mistaken ;
our party never said that.
Mr. THURMAN. It did not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oue man said that who
was an Ohioian.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not at all to be
drawn into a question about the military prow-
ess of either the Senator from Vermont or
myself. I do not think either of us could
reap any military laurels. But let that pass.
He says we ought not to grant this pension
in this case because the man may not have
deserved it, or he may not have deserved it as
much as some other man who gets a less pen-
sion. If a pension was simply to be granted
on the ground of personal merit, if that was
the sole ground on which you were authorized
to grant a pension at all, this bill ought to be
rejected instantly, because it does allow the
President to accept the resignation of a man
who may not have held office six months, but
who has become permanently disabled ; and
certainly no personal merit of that man in the
service of the Government can have entitled
him to the pension which this bill will give
him. So that if personal merit is the only
test by which we are to determine whether a
man is to have a pension or not, we might as
well abandon the bill; but I do not think it is.
Here is a case that is peculiar; itis sui generis.
Here are a class of officers, and the only class
to which this bill applies, who are appointed to
hold their offices during good behavior, which
we know is equivalent to a tenure for life.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So is an Army officer.
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, no; we can abolish
the whole Army if we see fit.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And we can abolish the
whole courts.
Mr. THURMAN. We can abolish all the
courts except the Supreme Court, because that
is provided for by the Constitution, although
you mightreorganize it perhaps to some ex-
tent; but it is a moral impossibility, because
the country cannot do without couits.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ar.d cannot do without
an Army.
Mr. THURMAN. They may perhaps do
with very few men. I have seen the time
when we did not have above four or five thou-
sand men in the Army, and got along very
well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is agood many more
than there are judges.
