8392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
are of different mothers and there is a difficulty
in the family. The Pension Office has found
no way under the existing law of Bolving the
difficulty, though I believe the Commissioner
has finally determined to stretch the law a
little and pay the pension in such cases. But
it is desirable that such au amendment as this
should be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "disease," in the fourth
line, the words "or other causes." The
amendment which has been made to the ninth
section renders this amendment necessary.
Mr. DICKEY. Why not insert "injury or"
before " wounds," and " casualty or" before
"disease?" This will correspond with the
amendment made in the ninth section.
Mr. CONGliH. The amendment I propose
amounts to the same thing, and is shorter.
Mr. DICKEY. According to the construc-
tion of the Pension Office a man may receive
an injury which is not a wound, and if he dies
in the service from drowning, for instance, the
office calls that a casualty. I therefore move
to insert the words "or injury or casualty"
after the word "wound."
Mr. MOORE. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, CONGER. I wish to call attention of
the chairman of the Committee oil Invalid
Pensions to the first section of the bill, to
which this section refers back, to the fact that
the same amendment should be made in that
first section.
Mr. MOORE. Does tlie gentleman refer to
the first, section of this bill ?
Mr. CONGER. Yes, sir.
Mr. MOORE. My attention has been called
to that, and the amendment will be made in due
time.
Mr. HOAR. I move in the thirty-fourth
line, after the word '"mother," to insert "or by
law bound to such support." By our law the
son is hound to support the mother in distress.
If the son is killed who was bound by law to
support the mother in distress there is no rea-
son why she should not be entitled to the pen-
sion under the bill.
Mr. MOORE. I do not see any objection
to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPEEli of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker.
I move iu line Ibrt.y-seven, page 12, to strike
out " from the completion of the testimony,"
and to insert the words "from the time of the
filing of the application."
Now, Mr. Speaker, it will be observed by
this section that all applications for pension
filed within five years shall date back to the
time when the pension occurred. These words
which I propose to strike out make the pension
begin at the time of the completion of the
testimony on the part of the applicant. Some-
times, by mistake of a eierk in the Pension
Office, the application fbr a pension is tied
up for two or three years when the fault
does not rest with the applicant, but originates
entirely through some inadvertence or mistake
in the Pension Office. I think the time of the
commencement of the pension should not be
later at least than when the applicant files his
application. It is not his fault if the Pension
Commissioner delays granting it. I have
known cases of this kind where the declara-
tion was made and-sent to the office and the
receipt acknowledged by the Commissioner in
a printed circular which slated that the papers
seemed to be right and would be attended to
iu due form. After a year or two, on further
inquiry being made by the applicant or his
attorney, the Commissioner has forwarded an
additional circular stating that such and such
things were wiong iu the original application.
That is information which ought to have been
communicated to the applicant at first, but
because the Pension Office has delayed for a
year or two it ought not to work to the disad-
vantage of the applicant. Under this section
as it now stands that delay, occasioned by no
fault of the applicant himself, works to his
serious injury. The pension should date back
to the making of the application.
Mr. MOORE. My colleague on the com-
mittee must remember that if his amendment
were adopted to this bill it would change
almost the entire bill. The matter was fully
discussed in the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions. This House passed a bill extending
the time for making applications for pension,
which was sent to the Senate and there laid
upon the table. The law as it now stands is
that any person who shall, within five years,
make good his claim, shall have his pension
date back to thetiine when therightaccrued. If
these applicants filed there applications within
five years, thou their pension goes back to the
date when the pension accrues; but if they
have not filed within five years, then the pen-
sion takes date from the filing of the last and
final proof. We are not at present making a
new law, and if we were to adopt the amend-
ment of my honorable colleague on the com-
mittee we would have to go back and rearrange
this whole bill.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Thecliairman
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions entirely
misapprehends the object I have in view. The
bill which passed this House and went to the
Senate and was laid upon the table has nothing
at all to do with the amendment I now pro-
pose. The effect of this section of the bill as
it now stands is that where an applicant has
had his application delayed through the fault,,-
inadvertence, or mistake of the Pension Office,
he shall not be entitled to his pension except
from the date when the last and final proof
was made in his case. I think it is simply
naked justice to the applicant that the amend-
ment I have proposed should be adopted.
Mr. B1HD. If the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania be agreed to it will
change the character of the bill, and I object
to it.
The House divided ; and thero were—ayes
15. noes IK; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. If no further count be
demanded the amendment will be considered
as rejected.
No further count was asked.
The Clerk read the twelfth section, as follows:
Skc. 12. That on tho marriage of any widow,
dependent mother, or dependent sister receiving a
pension, .such pension shall ecaso, and shall net be
renewed should she afterward become a widow:
J'rnruled, That the marriuse of any widow, depend-
ent mother, or dependent sister entitled to pension
sli:dl not deb:ir her right to such pension to tne diite
of her marriage, whether an application therefor
was liled before or after such marriage.
Mr. MOORE. I offer a substitute for this
section, and I shall at the same time ask the
House to reconsider tho amendment that was
made on Saturday in reference to pensioning
a widow after she has remarried. That, amend-
ment, if it weie proper at all, came in at the
wrong place in the bill. It properly belongs
to this section. I now send to the Chair a
substitute for the twelfth section, which also
includes the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wheeler] on Sat-
urday. I think it will be satisfactory to those
who sustained that amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Skc. 12. That the remarri.ige of any widow, de-
pendent mother, or dependent sister, entitled to
pension Khali not debar her right to such pension to
the date ol her reman iage, whether an application
theiefor wa* filed before or after such remarriage;
and that on the remarriage of any widow, depend-
ent mother, or dependent sistm, securing a pension,
such pension shall cease: Provided, That tho pen-
sion law shall not he sw conbtrued as to deprive any
widow from the benefits therein granted for tho
bcrvices of her husband though she may have mar-
ried again: Provided, howwr, Thatthe applicant is
a widow at the tune of making the claim, and fur-
nishes? such evidence to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions thatthe is in indigent circumstances provided
that such x>arty bha.il riot receive pension during
coverture or during the minority of any child or
children of the soldier entitled.
The substitute was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE. I also move that the proviso
added on Saturday to the seventh section be
stricken out.
The Clerk read the proviso proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
And provided further, That whenever ft widow
shall forfeit her pension by roaaon of marriage, her
pension shall revivo upon her again becoming a
widow, whenever it shall appear to tho satisfaction
of tho pension department that she is in indigent
circumstances.
The motion was agreed to, and the proviso
was stricken out.
The Clerk read th© following section ;
Skc. 13. That all pensions which have boon, or
which may hereafter bo, granted in consequonco of
death occurringfVom a cause which originated in the
sei vico since the 4th day of March, 1S01, or 111 conse-
quence of wounds received or disease contracted
since said date, shall commence from the death or
discharge of tho person on whoso account tho claim
has been or shall heroaftev bo granted, or from the
termination of tho right of party having prior title
to such pension : Provided, That the application for
such pension has been, or shall horoatter be, filed
with tho Commissioner of Pensions within five yoars
after the right thereto shall have accruod; other-
wise the pension shall commence from the date of
filing the last cvidenco necessary to ostabiish the
same: Provided further. That the limitation herein
proscribed shall not apply to claims by or iu behalf
of insano persons or persona under sixteen years.
Mr. DICKEY. I offer the following amend-
ment :
In lino five, aftor tho word "wounds," insert the
words " or mjurios."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOWE. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Add to tho section these words:
Or to persons not heretofore entitled to pensions
under any law.
I desire to say just a single word in support
of this amendment. There are a few classes,
not large, and the persons in them not. numer-
ous, under this bill, who have not been entitled
under the pension laws as formerly existing.
The limitation of five years, which has pre-
vented many from filing applications under
existing laws, of course raises a natural pre-
sumption that the applications may not have
been presented, in consequence of negligence
or otherwise. But in respect to a small class
of claimants in the Missouri militia and the
militia of some other Slates, including that of
my own State, who served in the war of the
rebellion for short periods, who lost their lives
on the field of battle, who are now introduced
into this bill, they are in small numbers, and
it. seems to me just that this limitation of five
years should not apply to them. Jt strikes
me that as the cases arising under those cir-
cumstance are now for the first time entitled
under this bill, their pensions ought to take
effect as though they had been entitled under
former laws.
That is the only effect of this amendment.
It seems to mo eminently proper and just, and
1 hope it will be accepted by tho committee.
Mr. MOORE. I will state, in reply to rny
friend from Kansas, [Mr. Lowe,] friiat if this
bill extends the liberality of the Government,
I do not know that it is necessary for it to go
back and do anything more than simply admit
persons to draw pensions who have not here-
tofore drawn them, without giving them the
privilege of going back. In every special case
which comes belbie Congress, whatever may
be its merits, the pension given by special act
is made to date from the passage of the act.
Now, if by this act we give any additional
favors, it should be from the date of the pas-
sage of this act. I therefore hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the section by striking out in lines thir-
teen and fourteen the words "filing the last
evidence necessary to t stablish the same,'' and
inserting in lieu thereof the words ''the appli-
cation for a pension;" so that it will read,
il otherwise the pension shall commence from
the date of the application for a pension."
