1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3890
% I want to say a word in behalf of this amend-
K ment. I offer it from a conviction of the
P. injustice which it amends, and I want to test
% .the sense of the House upon this question.
I The law provides that if the application be
% made within five years, then the pension shall
h go back to the date of the death or discharge,
but if made after five years, then the pension
shall begin, not from the date of the applica-
tion, but from the issuing of the pension cer-
tificate. It may be two or three or four years
; after the application is filed before the pension
certificate issues. _ Now, whose fault is it that
there are delays in the issuing of pensions?
At the time the applicant made his application
and filed his proofs it was for the Committee
on Pensions to examine the proof and grant a
pension without delay. Perhaps on account
' of the multiplicity of cases this delay must
occur, but the injury is suffered alone by the
applicant, for a pension. Now, that should not
be the case at ail. I iusist on a vote on the
amendment, and if the bill shall require a
• little remodeling in other sections iu conse-
■ quence of the adoption, that is a matter of
small importance. This is a simple matter
of justice, and I hope the House will adopt it.
Mr. MOORE. I regret that the gentleman
did not urge these radical changes in the bill
while it was pending in the committee. 1 yield
a moment to my colleague on the committee
from New Jersey, [Mr. Bird.]
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Will my
friend from New Jersey allow me a word ot
explanation ?
Mr. BIRD. Certainly.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. During most
of the time this bill was before the committee
for consideration I was necessaiily absent
from the city, and was not able to meet the
committee. I was at home on business.
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Speaker, I sympathize very
heartily with the motives which actuate my
honorable colleague in suggesting this change
in the law; but perceiving the importance of
the change, the great inequality which will
necessarily follow if this change is made here
without a change in the entire provisions of
the bill, I must necessarily oppose by my voice
and my vote the pioposed amendment. I
would suggest to the gentleman that if he
be desirous of testing the sense of the House
on this principle he wait until this bill, as
presented by the committee, has been read
through and disposed of, when he can by a
separate and distinct section effect what the
House desires. The effect, if the House
desires it, of this change would be to change
all the sections of the bill for pensioners who
are entitled to pensions. They will all be
affected by this proposed change. The com-
mittee have considered this as a very import-
ant matter, and not desiring and not feeling
it to be their duty, indeed, to attempt to change
so radically the law after the practice of the
House lor so many years, and after the per-
sistent resistance on several occasions of this
branch of Congress as well as the other'
branch to this innovation, deemed it their duty
to adhere to what is known to be the settled
practice of the land. I trust, therefore, that
this provision will be rejected.
Mr. GRIFFITH. I hope, Mr. Speaker,
that the amendment suggested by my colleague
[Mr. Speer] will be accepted by the House.
As I understand the position assumed by the
gentleman, it was opposition to having the pen-
sion go back where it had not been granted
already within five years. Now, that is not
the proposition of my colleague, [Mr. Speer.]
The proposition is that the date of filing the
application shall be the date at which the
pension shall commence, and that the pension
shall not commence from the date at which it
is issued, as is now the case.
Mr. MOORE. Allow me to correct my
friend. The pension does not commence to
run from the date of issue of the commission,
but from the date that the applicant makes
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 213.
good his claim, from the date of filing the evi-
dence which makes good the claim of the
applicant. The certificate may not issue for
a year afterward.
Mr. GRIFFITH. Very well; admit the
suggestion of my friend, and there is still this
inequality : one person may have the proof at
his hand and may file it when he files the ap-
plication. Another person may have to write
to different States to obtain proof that would
justify the Department in granting the pen-
sion. Now, why should the pension in the
second case commence six months or a year
later than in the first case ?
Mr. BIRD. I will tell my friend. If the
applicant is allowed to delay with his proof,
with the understanding that whenever his
proof is made his pension shall date back to
the time of application, he will make no haste
to complete his proof.
Mr. GRIFFITH. I think there is no force
in that objection. We know that all who
make application for pensions are persons
who are in actual need, who require assistance,
and whose necessities demand that they shall
receive assistance ; and they will make all the
effort they can to obtain a pension. I know
a ease that has occurred within the last two
months, where it required three years before
the testimony was completed. The young
man was suffering from want all that time, and
made efforts timeand time again to find a wit-
ness to prove a certain fact, and finally ob
tained that witness and got his pension. Now
under this bill the pension would not begin
until he had filed his last testimony. I hope
the House will adopt the rule that the pension
shall commence from the time the application
is made. There is nothing unjust, unfair, or
inequitable in that. When a person does all
he can to obtain his pension, if he has a"good
case, he should be entitled to it.
Mr. MOORE. I thinkthatduringthis session
of Congress, if the Committee oil Invalid Pen-
sions has erred at all, the impression has gen-
erally been that it has erred upon the side ot
liberality. I want to say to the House that
we do not propose by this bill, to change ex-
isting laws. We have satisfied ourselves that
we have a law now just as good as we can by
any possibility make it. I now cull the pre-
vious question on the pending section and all
amendments thereto.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was on the amendment moved
by Mr. Speer, of Pennsylvania, to the first
proviso of section thirteen, to strike out the
words "last evidence necessary to establish,"
and to insert in lieu thereof the words " appli-
cation for;" so that it will read:
Provided, That the application for such pension
has been, or shall hereafter bo, filed with the Com-
missioner of Pensions within five years after the
right tlieretoshali haveaccrued ; otherwise the pen-
sion shall commence from the date of filing the
application for the same.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment ; and upon a division there were—ayes
17, noes 52; no quorum voting.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. MOORE. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon the yeas and nays.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I regard
this amendment as one of great importance to
a large class of poor and deserving people.
Mr. MOORE. I most earnestly appeal to
my friend and colleague on the committee not
to urge the yeas and nays in this case.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I would do
anything possible out of courtesy to the dis-
tinguished chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Moore,] for whom I have the highest regard ;
but this is a matter of justice to a class of
people whom I have indicated.
Mr. MOORE. I desire to say to. the
House 
Mr. BECK. Let me ask the gentleman a
question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is
not in order pending the operation of the
previous question.
Mr. MOORE. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] will be flowed to ask
a question.
Mr. BECK. I understand that this bill, as
proposed by the chairman of the committee,
only allowa the pension from the time it is
granted.
Mr. MOORE. No, sir.
Mr. BECK. Well, from the time tjie proof
is completed.
Mr. MOORE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BECK. And the amendment proposes
to allow the pension from the time the appro-
priation is made?
Mr. MOORE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BECK. Now, this is the que.stion I
wish to ask: if a man flles"his application in
good faith, and makes it goot) by,proof, why
should he not have-his pension from the'time
his application was made?
Mr. MOORE. I will state to my honorable
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] that we
have already given to persons makiiig these
applications five years to complete their cases.
Now, after five yearshave expired', the law
requires that the pension shall date from the
time offiliug the last essential proof in the
case. The provision is designed to meet, cases
that have run on for years. My friend from
Kentucky will understand that during all these
years the papers have been accumulating, and
if we provide that these pensions shall date
back, we hold out inducements for
. prosecuting
bogus cases, unfounded claims, by reason of
the accumulated pension which parties would
hope to draw in such cases. We hold that, the
Government, having given five years for the
completion of these cases, has exercised a
sufficient degree of liberality toward all claim-
ants.
Mr. GRIFFITH. Have not the five years
long since expired in all caseS?
Mr. MOORE. That does not make any
difference. The parlies during all that time
have been at liberty to complete their proof.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. There is
no force in the position of the chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Moobe,] for if the ap-
plicant does not tile his proof, the pension
department can reject his claim at any time.
Mr. Ni BLACK. If the case is a meritorious
one, but the party from delicacy or indisposi-
tion to tax the Government, as long as he can
possibly avoid it, defers his application, and
if thus the Government has for more than five
years the use of the money to which the soldier
or his heirs are properly entitled, why shonld
we complain of that?
Mr. MOORE. I will say to my friend from
Indiana that to change this section in the
manner proposed would superiuduce the ne-
cessity of revising the entire bill ; it would be
a complete defeat of the bill. We could not
carry it through either iu this House or in the
Senate.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. By what
authority does the gentleman make such a
statement ?
Mr. GRIFFITH. Did not the House vote
that these pensions should all date back?
Mr. MOORE. I hope the House will not
undertake to override the committee and goto
work to change the pension laws. That has been
no part of the aim of our committee. The object
was to make a consolidation of these laws, s'o
that they might be more easily eoinpreheud^.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon ordering the yeas and nays.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I withdraw
for the present the call for the yeas and nays,
and ask tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I will not
insist 011 the call for the yeas and nays, as
there is evidently not a quorum present ana
as, I do not wish to defeat the further consid-
