1872.
THE CONGllESSIONAL GLOBE.
705
ioal disabilities of certain persons therein
named.
_ The bill (H. II. No. 1324) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Minnesota
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lauds.
The bill (H. E. No. 019) appropriating money
for the purchase of a suitable site, and erect-
ing a building thereon, in the city of St. Louis,
Missouri, to be used for the purposes of a
custom-house, post office, and other Federal
offices, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
The bill (H. It. No. 1330) to amend the
thirty-second section of an act entitled "An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses, " approved July 14, 1870, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (II. 11. No. 380) for the removal of
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
third section of the fourteenthartiole of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Nye] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator to yield
a moment, so that I may offer an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is not
how in a condition to be amended, as the
pending motion is to postpone the present
and all other orders to consider another bitiL
and that motion has priority of a motion to
amend.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President,, I shall detain the
Senate but a few moments; and 1 should not
trespass for even the few moments that I now
propose to occupy on the attention of the Sen-
ate but for the honorable assignment of the
distinguished Senator from Missouri, who, if
I understand him correctly, charges any one
who proposes to oppose this bill with want of
statesmanship and good judgment. Iam will-
ing to take the prescription ot my honorable
friend. He seems to have discovered that
heretofore undiscovered cure for all of the evil
that has grown out of this rebellion, and he
chides the statesmen of the past and those now
living with a want of that clear-sightedness,
that big-hearledness, and thuse clear views
which they ought to have possessed. It has
remained for the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, in this great medicinal application which
he has made, to discover the real political
cundurango tliat is to cure all our evils andall
our woes. [Laughter.] " If any of you have
been sick of the rebellion in the past, come
bathe in the waters of this medicine which I
now produce. If you have been rebels up to
the present time, come dip your linger in the
troubled waters of this troubled spring which
I bring from the sources of my brain;" or,
in a word, take the political cundurango.
[Laughter.]
Mr. President, I may not bo as line-spun
in theory as my friend ; but 1 think I have
observed as much about this rebellion, and
know as much about the history of my coun-
try, and feel as deeply in her behalf, as he
can feel, for I was born to this inheritance.
Those points 1 shall not yield. I submit,
therefore, whether it is becoming in the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri to charge all
those who have handled this mighty subject
from the day the sword was sheathed to the
present time with a want of consideration
and of magnanimity in their action. Sir,
who has striven harder night and day than
he who sat here by my side until a few days
before he died, and whose gray hairs were
made white b£ labor and toil, by his men-
tal exertions, his anxious days and sleepless
nights? I refer to Mr. Howard, of Michi-
gan ; and I stand here to say that he was not
wanting in statesmanship, in magnanimity,
42d Coxs. 2d Sess,—No. 45.
or in noble generosity. In either respect he
wouId_ compare well with the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri, or any other Senator on
this floor.
But, sir, the furor seems to be so great,
and the tendency so universal, to be magnani-
mous, as to forget even the common safeguards
that should be thrown around government, or
around a man's own personal business. Sir,
suppose your servant had applied a torch to
your dwelling and wrapped it in a flame that
was almost inextinguisliahle, and you and
your family by chance only cscaped. He is
arraigned the next day and found guilty of
arson. Suppose you were to go into court and
beg that he be discharged and restored t.o his
former place, that you would rebuild a struc-
ture for him to apply a new torch to. Why,
sir, you would have u commission of lunacy
upon you.
What have these men done, in a word? 1
remember as keenly as the honorablo Senator
from Missouri can, while they sat on guard
here as watchmen upon the towers to sound
tho alarm whenever danger approached, they !
were plotting for the overthrow of this Gov- [
ernment. That is eternal history, and they i
did it over a monument of perjury with which
their very souls were charged. But, soys my
friend from Missouri, " be magnanimous.''
Why, sir, when the ilamcs of your house were i
extinguished there was a remnant of it left; !
and so it was here. These men attempted to !
tear down this edifice. They applied the
torch to the garner in which were garnered
the hopes of the present and the future of this
world. 'They pretended to stand on guard
with their swords drawn for its defense, and
yet with purposes blacker than midnight, and
with purposes fraught with destruction, they
sought to tear down the very temple of liberty
itself. Who stands here to deny it? Nobody.
Who stands here to defend it? Nobody but :
the plausible theory of my friend from Mis- ,
souri that it is a light affair. Sir, with me it |
is an affair of so much moment that I will J
not vote for the proposition, and now I am to j
defend myself before a world convinced by j
my own people of that theory, and I stand here j
prepared to do it. !
My friend gives the instance of General ;
Longstreet. He was the first to repent, and
1 would be as magnanimous as anybody to a
repentant sinner; but how has he been treated
down there? lie has been worse tabooed than
thp veriest Yankee from Maine; worse treated
than though he had been in the Federal Army j
from the inception of the rebellion. Though
his sins were as red as scarlet I glory that we
had the power to make them white as snow.
What did he do? He said that he had done
wrong, and wanted to be forgiven; that he
had forfeited his life and every privilege that li
his country had given to him, protection,
and everything else. He said: " Here am I,
that stalked forth in my majesty to destroy this
Government; I repent it, in my soul." How
was he treated at the South? I repeat, worse
than those who belonged to th« Federal Army,
as did my friend from Missouri.
Sir, I look at the spirit of this thing a little,
and I am not going to be taken from the spirit
by the beautiful letter and the fine-spun the- i
ory of the honorable Senator from Missouri.
What was the spirit manifested by these peo-
ple? Were they contrite? Were they sorry
for the offenses they had committed? I will
go as far to forgive as the honorable Senator j!
from Missouri. Thousands of them have been |j
forgiven here. Why? Because they asked to jp
be forgiven, and I have never voted against j'
forgiving any man who has asked for forgive-
ness here. .To refuse to de that would he to
close the door to repentance, which I do not
desire to do. !j
But what is the spirit manifested? The H
arms of the rebellion were conquered at Appo- j;
mattox, but the spirit of the rebellion is now n
as rife as it ever was. What mean thsse mid- [|
night assassins prowling all over that country?
What means the cry of murder as it comes on
every breeze that is wafted from the South?
What means the noise of the lash there? It
means simply this: that tho spirit of rebellion
is as rife there to-day as it was in the very hour
of the hottest of tho strife of the rebellion.
That is to me a language which I cannot mis-
understand while I fail to comprehend the
fine-spun logic of my friend from Missouri.
Are they penitent? Why slaughter negroes?
Are they penitent? Why refuse negroes tho
privilege of citizenship? I tell you it is that
spirit to which my friend gave the best name
1 ever heard—the spirit of anarchy, that will
only die with the individual subjects of rebel-
lion. And so far as I am concerned, they have
got to browse upon these outer fields till they
are sorry enough for their offenses, and ask
forgiveness, or until their hair is as long as
Nebuchadnezzar's.
_ Now, my friend says "that is not statesman-
like ; that will not, do; it is not the spirit of
our republican institutions." Who has given
him power above all other men to teach us
what is the spirit of republican institutions?
Who has given my friend the pilotage of this
great, ship to the exclusion of all others ? What
lens does he look through that peers more
nicely into the future than others who look as
anxiously as he ? No, 1 teli my friend that he
will find that his logic is misapplied, and what
he asserts as a Irulh will be disproved e'erthe
moon fills her horn twelve times more. They
fought for the rebellion for political ascend-
ency. They are fighting for it yet, over count-
less graves and laceraled bodies.
Now, when they stop scourging negroes,
when they stop whipping school-mistresses,
when they slop driving out school-masters,
when they stop torching the school-houses,
when they stop making night hideous with
their masks and disguises on, 1 may think
they are lit subjects for forgiveness, and not
till then ; and my brother Senator, or whoever
acts upon a different hypothesis than that,, will
find himself in the end disappointed.
Sir, I have said that we have given to thou-
sands and thousands of these people the right
to vole and to hold ofhee. What has been tho
return? Not a man that lias come up from
there but comes as full of the spirit as he was
before the rebellion. But my friend says that
they have terrible bad governments down there,
and in order to help them out locally he wants
to give this cundurango. As 1 understand il
now, every one of them can vote, and I want
to ask my honorablo friend from Missouri if
there have not been enough forgiven to hold
the offices there now? He seemed to stick
upon the ground that the necessity for this
existed in order to bring a higher order of
talent into a position where they could hold
office. Sir, I would rather have a lower order
of talent qualified in the .school of loyalty than
a higher order of talent that took its final
lesson in the life-blond of this Republic.
My friend from Missouri may trust these
men, and were I acting fur myself I would ;
but standing here as a guardian of results for
the country, that has honored me with a part,
in this representation, I should be derelict to
my duty if I did not. sound the note of alarm
when I see the last brand proposed to be taken
off those who have made the world literally
nauseate with the blood they have spilled.
My friend says, " Why not have Jefferson Davis
here ?" because it would scare the Democrats '
Sir, that is the last thing that 1 should attempt
to do. [Laughter.] When we put the horrors
of tho rebellion at them they aid not dodge,
and they would not dodge at Davis now. I
have seen the tiling put at them in worso
shapes than you could bring it now, and they
did not dodge then. Why not bring Jefferson
Davis here? Because he lias forfeited every
right to come here. He stands before tho
world to-day, and ia the history of tha world
it is recordsd that he was the most pre-
