1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
Mr. THURMAN. It is a moral impossi-
bility to dispense with the courts. The ques-
tion is, then, what will you do? Here is a man
who has become permanently disabled—if he
has not the bill does not apply to him—to
perform the duties of his office; he may have
become insane; you cannot get rid of him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He cannot resign if lie
is insane.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, he can resign if he
is insane. I take issue with the Senator upon
that point. I can tell the Senator that an in-
sane man may make a deedand it is not void,
but only voidable. If an insane man sends
his resignation to the President, and the Pres-
ident accepts it, it cannot be avoided by any
process known to the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand the
Senator from Ohio to say that the deed of .an
insane person is good when he gets his wits
again ?
Mr. THURMAN. I say the deed of an in-
sane man is not void, but only voidable ; and
there never was a case decided to the con-
trary. I defy the Senator to produce one.
After his resignation has been accepted I
think there is an end of him so far as he is
concerned. Practically, we know that it is
the end of a man officially when he sends in
his resignation, sane or insane, and it is ac-
cepted and another man is appointed in his
place; and there is but one statute on the
subject, and that provides for but one judge
of that character. We know that that man
is not at an end, so far as he is concerned
officially.
The Senator from Vermont speaks about
the generals in the Army, and says that they
get as much salary as the judges do. Hence
my question to him, whether or not you should
put the wages of judges the same as the wages
of a soldier was a pertinent question. I take
it there are very many men who fought in the
Army, performed meritorious service, and ran
far more risk than any of your great generals
did in the way of personal danger, who never
get anything like the salary of a judge in your
district courts—captains, majors, lieutenant
colonels, colonels, whose wages were all below
those of your judges. How is it with your
great generals? They are not the men who
ran the greatest risk. How many of the great
generals were killed? Not many.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As many in proportion
to their numbers as of soldiers.
Mr. THURMAN. Not many. Sir, the
truth about military affairs is that it is the
common soldier who runs the risk ; it is the
common soldier who incurs the peril; and it
is the general who carries off the glory; _ not
because he is one particle more meritorious
than the common soldier, but because by the
common consent of mankind he stands as the
representative of the army, and because also
of that admiration amounting to hero-worship
that the people of the world have always had
for military genius.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio if he is ignorant of the fact
that the pension-rolls of the United States and
our common observation show us that there
are hundreds of generals—when I say hun-
dreds, I speak in round terms ; perhaps there
are only seventy-five, but a large number of
generals—who now present before the face of
all men the indisputable fact that they have
been in the front of battle and exposed to just
as great peril and greater perils than the com-
mon soldier, for the reason that they have led
him in uniform and in front of the line against
the foe V
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer that ques-
tion. I was not saying that there were not
generals who were wounded, that there were
not generals who were in peril, but I think
it will trouble my friend to show me a general
who commanded an army on our side in the
late civil war—commanded an army, mark
it—whose skin was scratched.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. T^.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I guess I can show you
one.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not recollect one
at this moment. If there was, it was not the
present President of the United States; it was
nottbepresentGeneralof the Army; it was not
the present Lieutenant General of the Army.
Napoleon fought in a hundred battles and was
wounded but once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly true;
and yet of those one hundred battles he was in
the front in ninety of them. That is no argu-
ment to show that the man is not exposed to
peril.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend will let me
get through. Even Csesar when fightiug in
the old manner, the Roman manner, when
they fought hand to hand, never was wounded
in battle. He came very near it once, but
escaped.
I say again that in respect to this matter of
military glory, the real man who makes the
sacrifice, the real man who incurs the danger,
and the man who has no great glory around
his brow to console him for his lost limb in
all his life, is the humble private soldier, but
the commander of the army carries off all the
glory, because it is the commander who is
looked upon as the representative, the imper-
sonation, so to speak, of the army.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Not now. I would rather
get through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator has made
one statement of fact and called for an answer,
which Iwish to give. I am inquired of to name
one general who commanded an army that was
wounded in battle. I will name one who lost
a limb—G.-neral Howard.
Mr. THURMAN. I never heard in my life
that General Howard commanded an army.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There was General Sedg-
wick, who was killed.
Mr. THURMAN. Ineverheard thathecom-
manded an army. He commanded a corps.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator had better
read up on armies.
Mr. THURMAN. General Lyon, I am re-
minded, was killed in battle. He commanded
an army. I am corrected there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. General Reynolds was
killed in battle.
Mr. THURMAN. He was not the com-
mander of an army.
Mr. EDMUNDS. General Sedgwick com-
manded a corps of the Army when he was
killed.
Mr. THURMAM. I said he did; but he was
not the commander of an army; McClcllan
was the commander of the Army. But now I
want to put it to the Senator from Vermont
and to the Senate: suppose the law in regard
to the generals of the Army was exactly what
it is in regard to the judges of the courts, that
they were appointed for life, that you had no
power whatever to remove them 
Mr. EDMUNDS. You have the same power
to remove them as you have a judge for mis-
conduct ; no other.
Mr. THURMAN. We have a perfect power
to remove any general. We can abolish the
office of the General of the Army to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And we can abolish the
office of judge, except of the Supreme Court.
Mr. THURMAN. You can abolisha court.
But you can by act turn A B from the ofBce of
General of the Army and give it to C D.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That I deny.
Mr. THURMAN. I insist that it is so.
But suppose the law was in regard to the gen-
erals of the Army as it is in regard to the
judges, that they should hold their office dur-
ing good behavior, so that you could not get
at them, and the General of your Army was to
become permanently disabled, so that he could
not perform his duties, would it not be a good
thing for this country to get rid of him ; and
if it was necessary to pay him his salary in
order to get rid of him, would it not be a
good thing for the country to do it? You
would have to do it or you would have to over-
slaugh him. If, therefore, the case of the
generals of the Army and of the judges of the
courts were analogous, I should say that we
could not do a better thing than to provide,
and provide as speedily as possible, that if the
generals became permanently disabled so that
they could not perform their duties you should
let them resign and pay them tlieir salaries.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The firat
question is on the amendment reported by the
committee, -that being under consideration at
the time the Senator from Delaware moved
his amendment.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Mr. President, I shall
vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware, as I should for any amendment
calculated to limit what I believe to be the
erroneous principle and the dangerous appli-
cation of it involved in this bill. If the bill
be placed, as I think it must be placed, upon
the ground of giving a civil pension, I submit
to the Senate that it is destitute in almost all
the elements entering into pension laws. There
is nothing here requiring of the recipient of
this benefit any service whatever. There is
nothing requiring that his disability should
have occurred in consequence of his service
or even during his service. A man appointed
to the bench affected with incipient deafness
aud becoming more deaf presently is espe-
cially within the purview of this act.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CONKLING. Always.
Mr. HOWE. And that is, if there is not
another distinct view apart from any idea of
civil pension ? The country has to pay one
salary to a judge to get service. If that judge
be disabled so that you cannot get that service
from him, have you not the same inducement
to have him resign and get that service from
another man that you had to offer it to him in
the first instance?
Mr. CONKLING. I have heard distin-
guished men say, I think my honorable friend
is one, that they always experienced a diffi-
culty in saying two or three things at once.
That is one of my difficulties. I was consid-
ering at this point this bill in the aspect of a
pension bill, but I will not forget to say a word
about the other aspect of the question to which
my honorable friend calls my attention.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will admitthat I
asked permission to put that question.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly, and I will
not fail to say a word about it, although I
should like to make an observation upon the
bill in, respect of its being a pension bill, and
I shall hope to be able to convince the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin that in the other
respect there are better modes of legislation
than this.
Mr. President, I was in the act of begging
the Senate to bear in mind the fact that we
are to enter upon the business of civil pen-
sions by an enactment destitute of every equity
by which a pension act goes. Let me repeat
that nothing confines the action of this pro-
vision to a ease of disability received in ser-
vice ; nothing confines it to a case of disability
occurring during service. In both those re-
spects it is distinguishable, I submit, from
every theory, however liberal, and there is no
Government with a theory so liberal as ours,
touching pension laws.
It is to be applied to judges. Why to judges?
One Senator suggested because their tenure
was for life, because in that regard they have
a tenure superior to every other officer in the
Government, save only perhaps certain mil-
itary officers.
Mr. CARPENTER. Save no one.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
behind me says •'save nobody.'' I agree with
him ; but my statement was, " save only per-
haps certain military officers," and I said that
