3394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
eration of the bill. I shall endeavor at a sub-
sequent stage of the bill to test the sense of
the House on this proposition.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Ciefrk resumed the reading of the bill.
The twenty-first section was read, as fol-
lows:
Sue. 21. That no money on account of pension shall
be paid to the widow, children, or heirs of nny do-
ceased person v?ho in any ulnnnor voluntarily en-
gaged in or aided or abetted tho late rebellion
against the authority of the United States.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I wish to
ask the gentleman having charge of this bill a
question with reference to the construction
of the section just read. There were a great
many persons who enlisted in the rebel army
and afterward enlisted in the Union Army :
does this twenty-first section deprive such per-
sons oy their survivors of the right to a pen-
sion ?
Mr. MOORE. Oh, no, sir. The fact of
their having been soldiers of our Army and
having been wounded or killed in the ser-
vice would bring them within the provisions
of the pension laws.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I sup-
posed that was the intention of the committee.
Mr. MOOliJS. That was understood.
The next section whs read, as follows:
Sec. 22, That no pension claim heretofore filed, or
which may hereafter bo filed, unless thesamo shall
have been prosecuted to a successful issue within
live years of tho dnto of sudh filing, shall bo admit-
ted without satisfactory record ovidonc© from tho
War or Navy Department establishing that the
cause of death, or the wound or disease which
caused the disability of the person on whose ac-
count the pension is claimed, originated in tho ser-
vice and line of duty: Provided, That upon pre-
sentation of parol ovideneo regarded by tho Commis-
sioner of Pensions as satisfactorily >howinj/ that tho
recoid evidence is probably erroneous or insufficient,
he shall submit tho hiuue to the War Department,
and upon change of the recoid, though tho term
of limitation shall have expired, the claim shall bo
reopened: ProvuCed Jurthar, That upon the recep-
tion of evidenco of service in any claim hereafter
filed m the Pension Otlice, the claimant or attorney
for tho claim shall bo at once notified of every deli-
cieney in said claim; and in all claims heretofore
filed and now pending the same notification shall
be made.
Mr. STORM. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "wound," in the sixth line
of the section just read, the word "injury."
This is in conformity with amendments which
have been adopted in a previous section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Skc. 30. That in all cases where reasonable doubts
arise respecting the right of any claimant to a pen-
sion from statements of ;iny kind under oatli or
otherwise, it shall bo the duty of the Commissioner
of Pensions to immediately, by letter, notify the
gaid claimant, his agent, or attorney, of the name
or namt's of the person or persons furnishing tho in-
formation upon which such doubts are founded, and
also of the tacts alleged againdt the said claimant.
Mr. MOORE. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions report a new section 10 come m at
this place.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sac. 31. That tho President shall appoint in the
Departmentof tho Interior, by and wnh the advice
of tho donate, a Competent potion who's-hall be
called the Deputy Commissioner of Pensions, with
an annual salary of $2,500, who shall bo charged with
such duties in the Pension liuieauas may be pic-
scribed by the Seeretaiy of tin: interior, or as may
bo required by law ; and in case of the death, resig-
nation, absence, or sickness of the Commissioner, his
duticH shall devolve on tho Deputy Commissioner
until a successor shall be appointed or such absence
or sickness shall cease.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
-Skc. 31. That the Commissioner of Pensions is
hereby authorized and empowered to detail, from
tune to time, clerks in his ofhee to investigate sus-
pected attempts at fraud on tho Government of the
United States, through and by virtue of the provis-
ions of this or any other act of Congress providing
for pensions, and to aid in prosecuting any person
so offending, with such additional compensation as
is customaiy in cases of special service; and that
any person so detailed bhall have the power to ad-
minister oathf> and take affidavits in the course of
any such investigation.
Mr. MOORE. That section ought to be
now numbered thirty-two, and all the follow-
ing sections should be numbered one ahead.
The SPEAKER. That will be done*
The Clerk read as follows:
Skc. 33. That no agent or attorney shall demand
or receive any other compensation for his services in
prosecuting a claim for pension or bounty land than
such as the Commissioner of Pensions shall direct to
bo paid to him, not exceeding twenty-five dollars;
and any agent or attorney who shall wrongfully
withhold from a pensioner or claimant tho wholo or
any part of the pension or claim allowed and duo
such pensioner or claim ant shall be doemed guilty of
a high misdemeanor, and upon conviotion thereof
shall for every such offenso be fined not oxooeding
$500, or imprisonment at hard labor not exceeding
two years, or both, at tho discretion of tho court.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following amend-
ment, which I have no doubt there will be no
objection to. I move to insert in the fifth line
of the section, after the word u attorney," the
words u or any other person instrumental in
the prosecution of any claim for pension and
bounty land and also in line eight, after the
word {t claimant," the words u or land warrant
issued to any such claimant." The idea is to
complete the sense of the section. It provides
for punishment in the cases of bounty or pen
sion claims, but does not provide for punish-
ment in the cases of bounty land warrants.
Mr. MOORE. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions why should a
fee of twenty live dollars be allowed for pros-
ecuting the claim to a pension for eight dol-
lars a month?
Mr. MOORE. This has been the law for a
considerable peiiod of time. Previous to that
the law was still more liberal towaid claims
agents. Under tho administration of the
former chairman of the Committee on Invalid
Pension** this law limiting the fee was passed
providing it should not extend beyond twenty-
five dollars ; and it was so enacted for the pur-
pose of protecting these claimants for pen-
sions. The ruling of the Department has been
generally to award ten dollars ; but sometimes
there are cases of exceeding intricacy, which
require an unusual amount of effort to secure
a pension at all. In these casus where there
is much intricacy and a good deal of labor
required to woik up the claim, although the
claim is a just one, the Commissioner of Pen-
sions has the discretion to allow the fee to
extend as high as twenty five dollars. There
is no danger of the Commissioner of Pensions
ever pennitting the fee granted to these
claims agents to be too much.
Mr. CONGER. I will not mako a motion
in regard to it, but I desire to say to the chair-
man of the committee and to the House that
it seems to me where the provision of law is
plain and clear, and the forms prepared so
carefully, there should not be permitted by the
order of the Commissioner one half or one
quarter or one eighth of the small pittance
given the pensioner to go to the claims agents.
These claims agents are a nuisance to the
pensioner and to the country, as well as to the
law granting these pensions, it has gone on
from year to year to such an extent that these
pensioners, whose relief is intended by Con-
gress, do not get more than one half of what
the law allows them, the balance going to the
benefit of the&e velaims agents.
Now, I had hopes that such a provision as
that would specify exactly the particular cases
in which the highest compensation would be
allowed, and not leave it to the discretion of
anybody.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not understand that the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Coxger] is speaking to any
motion.
Mr. CONGER. I move to strike out the
words " twenty-five."
Mr. MOOliE. 1 desire to make this remark,
that 
Mr. CONGER. I made the motion that I
might have the floor, and I yield it to the chair-
man of the committee, that he may make his
remark.
Mr. MOORE. While it is true that there
are many wrong things done by claim agents,
and while I have no disposition at all to enter
upon their defense, I will state here that there
are thousands and tens of thousands in this
country who never would have had a pension
but for the enterprise of claim agents. And
very frequently the claim agents in seeking up
the evidences of tho claims of poor and ob-
scure persons do an amount of work that an
attorney would not in other cases do for double
the amount of pay. The Commissioner of
Pensions is exceedingly strict, and so is the
Department of the Interior, in awarding the
amount. This section requires that he shall
not allow any claim agents, under any circum-
stances, to have more than twenty-live dollars ;
and under ordinary circumstances he rules
them down to ten dollars. I do not think it
would be proper to make a change in this pro-
vision. It was inserted after due examination
of the whole circumstances of the case, and
in accordance with the provisions of a previous
act of Congress. I hope that the amendment
will not prevail, and 1 trust the gentleman from
Michigan himself will see that my view of tho
case is a correct one.
Mr. CONGER. Having yielded to the chair-
man of the committee, as I am always ready
to do on proper occasions, I wish to make a
remark or two myself.
Mr. Speaker, even during the last winter I
have in twenty five or thirty cases received
letters from persons claiming pensions calling
my attention to the fact that their agents, with
whom they had left their claims, had not only
neglected their duty, had not only neglected
to present their claims, but had in several
instances refused to proceed further without
payment. And on my writing a letter to the
bepartmcnt, inquiring into the condition of
the claim, or going myself, as 1 have fre-
quently done, to the Department to ascertain
its condition, I have found in a great many
cases that the very last communication on the
subject has been one from the Department to
the claim agent notifying him that some par*
ticular portion of evidence was lacking in that
case; and that letter still remaining in the
hands of the agent, months in some cases
have elapsed while the claim has been lying
idle; and on presenting the matter to the Com-
missioner and sending to the claimant himself,
within the next two or three weeks the proof
has come and the claim has been allowed.
In my judgment, the agent who has charge
of the claims of pensioners in nine cases out
of ten has been the cause of the delay and of
the neglect of the Department in not having
the claim passed and the pension granted,
while the claimant has been waiting, wearily
waiting, for months and for years, blaming
the Department and blaming the Government
because a just claim was not allowed.
I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read the following section :
Sko. 38. That the Commissioner of Pensions bo
authorized to organize, at his discretion, board* of
examining surgeons, not to exceed three nu'inbcrs,
and that each member of a board thus organized
who fdiall have been actually present and made, m
connection with the other members or member, an
ordered or periodical examination, shall be cut it led
to the fee of one dollar, on tho receipt of a proper
certificate of said examination by the Commissioner
of Pensions.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in at the end of that section.
The Cletk read as follows :
And from an"d after tho 1st day of July next tho
salary of the Commissioner of Pensions shall bo
Mr. HALE. I only wish to say a word in
favor of this amendment, v/hich I hope will
commend itself to the justice of this House,
and that is that we are ail the time adding to
the burdens of the Commissioner of Pensions ;
he has more work and more responsibility to-
