706
TEE COtfGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
sumptuous, daring rebel that ever lived, and
his a sin of double hue from the fact that he
attempted to tear down the only real Repub-
lic on God's heritage. Though feasted at our
tables, and born to the rich inheritance of a
freeman, he rent from the leaves of our own
book and bare'against his country the sword
with which lie had sworn to protect the inter-
ests of that country everywhere. He betrayed
them, la ihere any amelioration of that history?
Is there a word said but what is truth ? And
has it come to this, that loyally to republican
institutions, when it has mastered upon the
field so well described by the honorable Sena-
tor from Missouri, shall invite back the torch-
bearer of rebellion here? Men of America, I
submit that question to you. I submit it to
any man who weighs impartially the balances
of probabilities in his mind. It" a man is ac-
quitted of arson once he is very apt to apply
tlie torch again ; and how would Davis's very
soul revel in the idea that he had got another
chance to come here and by his genius and
his fire and his history to set on foot a new
work of sieging to undermine and blow up a
Government that he failed to destroy before!
What else can you expcct? Why, my friend,
"can the Ethiopian change his skin, or the
leopard his spots?" Never. That question
was as>ked a few years ago, and it has never
been answered. [Laughter.] Can a rebel
become a patriot? Never; it is impossible.
My friend revels in hUtory ; let me ask him a
question : if ho ever knew a whipped rebel
become a loyal, good citizen? Never.
But we are asked to try this experiment;
to apply another dose of cundurango, and go
further than any other nation has ever gone,
and pardon the chief rebel. My friend tells
us that that is logical, and that it is for the best
interests of this country. If my friend can
show me how it is better for the interests of
this country to take rebels into place and
power than it is to put there loyal men, I will
yield the point.
My friend says that it was rather a thing
which the masses of the South (ell into. 1 am
not talking of the masses. 1 was for forgiving
all of them, and we have done it. I should
have felt that 111 doing that at the close of the
war 1 was doing something that, f ought to do;
but their subsequent conduct, has shown me
that I ought not to have done it. My friend
says he would forgive the past. I cannot. It
is a nightmare. 1 see right here under our own
Capitol the shadow of Libby over the city of
Richmond. I see iU inmates borne out sense-
less and dead and dying to their graves. I see
Andersonville anil all its horrors passing be-
fore my vision. My fiieml says we ought to
forgive. 1 am willing to forgive those who did
this, but 1 will never forgive those who ordered
it. To me the presence of Jefferson Davis in
the United States Senate would be a thing that
I could not endure. The line-spun logic of
my friend from Missouri lias failed to make
him attractive to me. 1 should expect to see
him tlne-itea the very stones of this Capitol
itself. 1 have seen men invade this District
with the intention of burning the capital where
the foot-prints of Washington arc seen. 1
have seen them stealing across the Potomac
at low water with a view of destroying not only
the Government in i'act, but the very pillars
upon which your Capitol rests. And am I to
forgive these people? It wasalittle irregular-
ity that they weie guilty of; it was the best
talent, my friend says, in the South that did this!
I do not want any more of that. [Laughter.]
Jt that was the best talent, you had better con-
fine yourself chiefly to the blacks. If that is
the best talent you have got there, then the
Lord be praised that this measure has not been
carried before. [Laughter.]
Sir, I deny that it is the best talent there.
The talent upon which you have got to rely
there to make up a good lojal government is
not the arrogant class to which my friend so
eloqueutly alluded, but it is the class that love,
liberty for liberty's sake; it is the class in addi-
tion to them who love liberty because they have
tasted oppression and like the contrast'; it is the
class that love the institutions of this country
upon which you have got to rely.
But my friend says they have §ot bad gov-
ernments at home. Whose fault is it? Who
expected—my friend did ; I did not—to see a
great social system broken up numbering its
millions, and not see disorder follow? Sir, itis
a part of the fruit of the action itself. They
have sown the wind; they are reaping the
whirlwind. Who is to blame for it? Is my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] to
blame, who stood here and wooed them with
all the sweetness of the dove to the standard
of loyalty? And yet his voice was hushed
before your Breckinridges and your Davises,
and instead of receiving the olive branch that
he presented to them, they took the torch, and
1 have no regret that these consequences fol-
lowed. Burn these consequences into the
memories of this world till they shall be afraid
to start them again.
My friend says we did not hang Davis. I
wanted to do it, but I could not. Magnanim-
ity, he says, becomes a nation. I say so too.
I asked him at that moment a question which
he did not deign to answer: what bad been
the Jesuit? We have seen States come here,
agreeing to all these things, and they had not
fairly got their new swaddling clothes upon
them before tliey said they did not mean it.
" By their fruits ye shall know them. " They
were all Administration men; all Government
men ; and yet where is the evidence that they
feel it now? Where is the witness that attests
it? Not one.
Mr. Piesident, I took occasion to say the
other day that the great doctrine of forgive-
ness is based upon a request to be forgiven.
You teach your child from his infancy to go
upon his knees every night and ask God to
forgive him for his sins. Sir, you do it your-
self; other people do it that love their country
and their God. How came these men here?
You must make your doors higher to let them
in. No humility, 110 submission, no gratitude,
is to be required from them, and we are to be
told by them "Y'ou yielded it, you loyal rascals,
bceauseyou dared not keep it from us longer;
we have lighted the torch of the Ivu Klux in
South Carolina; now give us amnesty, or we
will kill every negro ; we will keep killing and
scourging till we get a majority over the Radi-
cals. Sir, they have got to burn and scourge
yet fur years; for every lash they use, for
every life they take, for every house they
burn, 1 tell you, and I tell the honorable
Senator from Missouri, a legion of men who
love liberty will rise up in their place.
When I spoke of this spirit on a former
occasion I was laughed at and told that
there was no such thing as Ku Klux. I was
derided, and the papers said "it was one of
Nye's jests." What does your committee
report? That it is Ku Ivlux from the Poto-
mac to the sea, and crimes so startling that
the counsel they employed cried out against
them. It is no jest; it is a bloody, murderous
fact; and to-day the horse and his rider are
seen prowling in the forests, at night to prey
on those defenseless people who love their
country. In this critical juncture this cundu-
rango of universal amnesty is administered!
Sir, if this be statesmanship, I know nothing
of it. If I am wanting in humanity, I hope I
am not wanting in that caution which, as a
guard standing here upon the walls, I should
exercise when I say to the people of this
nation that the spirit of rebellion is as rife to-
day as it was in 1863. At any rate, I propose
to be a little cautious in this matter.
In February, 1867,1 had from this very seat
the honor of submitting some propositions in
regard to reconstructing the rebel States. I
declared then, as my friend before me [Mr.
Sumner] will bear witness, that not one of
those men who had been concerned in the
rebellion should ever hold an office of honor
or profit in this Government. It would have
been wise to adopt it then, and those people
would have felt that they were subjugated;
they would have felt that they had forleited
their rights, and that an independent Congress
of the remaining States had stood up and
administered to them what they most right-
fully deserved. But a little forgiveness has
brought back the old spirit of rebellion again.
I can tell my friend how they can rebuild
their prosperity. Go to work instead of riding
to kill; build up the waste places that war
made in their borders. Instead of riding to
destroy, ride to create ; instead of trampling
down manhood, lift it up to the level that God
and Congress intended it should occupy. It
seems to me my friend would be better
engaged, with his wonderful descriptive pow-
ers, if he would turn his attention in that direo
tion ; and I should like to see a speech tliathe
could write 011 that subject. How he would
make every joint shake under it. Why, lias
my friend forgotten—it cannot be that he has,
for he had arms on and was in it—how the
earth quaked under his feet in the time of the
war? Does he not feel its tremor now? I do,
with all its latent power.
Mr. President, I shall vote against this
amnesty bill, i shall do so most conscien-
tiously and patriotically, and I believe that the
future history of this country will show me
to be correct in this vote. My friend forgot,
in the moment of the administration of his
peculiar dose, all his old attachment to abo
litionism. I do not forget that my friend on
my left [Mr. Sumneu] may sometimes think
that 1 am wandering; but still I come back
to it when I see the old standard raised. He
has proposed an amendment here which meets
with the opposition of my fiiend from Mis-
souri and various other friends; and that is
that the negro shall have a right to ride in
the cars with white people, and my friend
from Missouri calls it loading the bill. That
is no great load, 1 think. I would rather ride
with a car full of negroes to Charleston than
to ride with an army of armed rebels if they
are white. I would rather ride with a man
who is clothed in the garments of freedom
than to ride with a slave, and yet in former
times they had no objection to ride with
slaves when they were worth $1,500 apiece.
[Laughter.] But now it is offensive to them
that these new-fledged citizens should ride
with them. Why, sir, they are more than
fledged; they stand up in the full stature of
manhood by virtue of the power, dignity,
and majesty of the Constitution of the United
States. They are equals before the law any-
where. They earned the light to this equal-
ity. While around them this cultivated intel-
ligence, of which my friend speaks, was crying
'•havoc, and let slip the dogs of war," they
to the swamps hied waiting for the hour to
come when the old stars and stripes should
again be brought to their view. They hailed
its succor with cheers, with songs unparalleled
for beauty. They bailed itas an abiding thing.
They helped plant it, and under it they intend
to live and intend to die. While this cultivated
white intelligence had substituted in its place
stars and burs and trailed it dishonorably in
the dust, the colored people stood as one man
and said "Give us liberty or give us death."
Sir, we gave them liberty after much death,
and now do I shock the sense of my southern
friends when I ask them (when they seek to
sit 011 the floors ot both Houses of Congress
with us) to let these men ride in the cars and
eat at the table they do? I presume the negroes
will make no objection to eating with them. If
they do not want to eat with the negroes, let
them geluo and go away. [Laughter.] Why
not a white man do that as well as a negro? If
l am placed at a table in inconvenient juxtapo-
sition to a man I do not like, itis not my work
to get him out, but to get out myself. [Laugh-
ter.] Let them adopt that plan.
