654
AP-PENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
ho. ok Reps.
The District of Columbia—Mr. Chipman.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
which lie was a member knows that he was
absent a great deal during the investigation,
and especially while the evidence was being
heard m defense, and before this evidence had
been put in he had declared that he did not
want to hear any more testimony, and became
very impatient to close the investigation.
It is not a pleasant thing to allude to these
facts, but 1 think myself justified in, stating
them since he has opened an attack of such a
character as to rob debate of all its amenities
and has made it necessaiy to strip his speech
of its high pretensions.
A patient and an uninterrupted hearing was
due the accused, as it was a trial for the very
existence of our District government. This
was not given by the judge whose opinion I
am about to review, and this fact takes from
it the weight of even dictum.
I think it possible, as my colleague states,
that he entered upon the investigation with
some favorable impressions of our District
government; but it was certainly manifest
throughout the later part of the investigation
that lie lost his balance, unlike his colleague
who joined in the minority report, [Mr. Cbebs,]
before the investigation was halt over.
It was early discoverable in the investiga-
tion that he suspected, as the memorialists had
charged, that there existed here a parallel be-
tween the management of the District govern-
ment and the mismanagement of the Tammany
ring of New York, and being (resh from the
work of overthrowing tliattyranny, the present
opportunity seemed to be a good one to sup-
plement his reputation and give it a national
character.
1 would not rob him of any of the laurels
which he won in New York. It was a vir-
tuous net in him, having availed himself of the
benefits of that ring, and having been let into
its hidden mysteries, to expose the coirupiion
of those who iiad elevated him to position and
join in the general cry of '"Stop thief!"
1 commend him for that; but when hf sets
his judgment up as the standard for official con-
duct, and erects iti his imagination the coun
terpart of Tammany as existing in the District
of Columbia,and attempts by garbled extracts
of testimony an i misstatements upon his own
responsibility to overthrow our local govern-
ment, 1 think it my duty, in defense of the peo-
ple whom I represent and the officers of the
government of which I am a part, to defend
tliem from such calumny. Let me endeavor
to follow this leinarkable speech and take up
its points in oidel'.
F0U5I OF TUK DI3T1UCT GOVHKNMENT KEV1KWED.
M<; first reviews the organic act to show that
the form of our government is what he terms
a '■ mongiel affair," " neither flesh, nor fowl,
nor good red herring;" that''the l elation of
the District of Columbia toward the national
Government is changed the national prop-
erly " converted into a Territory and given a
territorial government instead ot being under
the charge of Congress as heretofore." He
wholly misapprehends both the philosophy of
the new government aud the facts as to its
powers. The relation of the District toward
the national Government has uot changed ; in
no one particular is the national propeity
affected by it.. Congress retains the power to
annul any of the acts of our Legislature, or to
wipe out die local government utteily, as it did
in abolishing the charters of our cities in
establishing the new government.
Not a tool, of the national property is sub-
ject to taxation or placed under the slightest
control of the local government, except that
the control of the streets and avenues was by
the act turned over to the Board of Public
W'oiks as tKe agent of the national Govern-
ment. instead of going to Congress, as we
heretofore did, for general legislation of a local
character, Congress relieved itself by creating
a Legislative Assembly with delegated powers,
and authorized it to create such officers and
pass such laws, with certain exceptions, as were
necessary to operate the new government.
I do not believe that a careful examination
of the organic act will disclose any inharmony,
any necessary conflict of powers, any danger-
ous or anomalous .condition of things. I shall
not analyze our organic act to show precisely
the relation it established between the national
and local governments; it was given to us by
Congress after a careful and patient investiga-
tion by the District Committees of the House
and Senate, and after ample discussion as to
its details and the theory upon which it was
built. It may be improved—I think it can
be—but it should at least have a fair trial,
which it has never yet had, before being tin-
kered with by men who do not comprehend it.
This much, at least, the evidence in the case
will show: that the worst enemies of the new
government concede in it a great improvement
over the old, and there has been before the
committee no one witness, however partisan
and prejudiced, as I now remember, who
desired to return to the old order of tilings.
I quote from his speech as follows:
"Congress forced to order an Investigation.
14 The new government cnmc into existence June
1, 1871. and in January. 1872. at the end of only
soven months, so scandalous hud become the con-
duct of the Board of Public Works, so loud the
complaints and notorious their proceedings, that
Congress was forced, on the demand of over a
thousand citizens, to order this investigation."
If my. colleague had known, as we of the
Distiict know, something of the persistent
opposition which has been made to the new
government frotn its very inception, how it
wai pursued at every step, and that the com-
plaints of which he speaks and the "thousand
citizens" whom he arrays in judgment against
the District were the same which were mus-
tered against the new government and de-
termined to break it down even before it came
into operation, he would not have drawn the
conclusion he has—that this investigation was
the growth of the " seven months' scandalous
conduct of the Board of Public Works." Let
me say to him that if he expects there shall
ever be a government in this District, however
honest and pure or however beneficial, against
whom there will not be arrayed at least a
" thousand citizens," then he knows little of
human nature, and certainly less of the char-
acter of our people.
ORGANIZED OPPOSITION TO THE DISTRICT C0VEBN-
, MENT.
Perhaps I ought to reproduce at this point
a little of the history of this struggle. Our
organic act became a law iu February, 1871,
and early in Maich the Governor, Board of
Public Works, and other appointive officers
were qualified. They began at once to organ-
ize the new government, so that at the expira-
tion of the old charter, which by the act was
to take place on the 1st of June, there should
be no interregnum and no lack of power to
carry on the necessary functions of the new
government. Steps were immediately taken
to call an election, so as to complete the Legis-
lative Assembly by electing a house of dele-
gates, the council having been appointed by
the President.
Meanwhile the Board of Public Works were
devising a plan of improvements embracing
the whole District of Columbia, and called
into their councils an advisory board, com
posed «f Quariennaster General Meigs, Sur-
geon General Barnes, General Humphreys,
chief of engineers, General Babcoek,in charge
of public buildings and grounds, and Mr. 01m-
stead, one of the park commissioners of New
York city.
The plans were completed and the gen-
eral outline approved by members of the
advisory board. They involved an expendi-
ture of about six million dollars, one third of
which being paid by the property abutting on
thestreets, left $4,000,000 to be raised by the
Legislature. Immediately upon the organiza-
tion of the Legislature the Governor sent in a
message to that body submitting the plans
and suggesting a loan of $4,000,000 by creat-
ing a bonded debt to run for twenty years,
payable by a sinking fund. This bold inno-
vation upon the old-fashioned way of raising
money from year to year, and expending it
without plan or purpose, startled the "'one
thousand citizens," who, according to my col-
league, embody all the wisdom and viitue the
District possesses, and they organized to put
down this reckless encroachment upon ancient
custom and upon this annihilation of the
delights of fogyism.
Eveiy effort was made to defeat the legisla-
tion, but without success, and the law passed
July 10, 1871. Work had already begun in
anticipation of this loan, but was provided
for by specific appropriation. Determined
that the will of the people should not govern,
a select number of these "thousand citizens"
sued out an injunction soon after the act
passed, and opened war in the couris. The
great body of the work was stopped at the
very season when it could be most profitably
carried on, and only a limited amount, could
be done under appropriations made for the
purpose.
The Legislature, notdisposed to surrenderee
rights and interests of one hundred and thirty
thousand citizens to the whims and prejudices
of one thousand, passed another four million
loan act to be submitted to the people. This
passed August 19, 1871, but could not under
ihe organic act be submitted sootier than No-
vember 21 following. Then began one of the
most relentless and bitter attacks that ever dis-
graced a community. These "thousand citi-
zens," aping New York, and thereby seeking
also to throw around the canvass the infamy
of the New York Tammany ring, organized a
''committee of seventy." Some respectable
names were put forward as officers of the Citi-
zen Association, and other decent people con-
sented to go on the "committee ot seventy;"
but the dirty, disgraceful work was performed
by men who had neither social, business, nor
official standing in the community. A libelous
sheet was started called the Citizen, and was
supported by the money of persons who had
not the courage to be responsible for its man-
agement. Kvery issue of the paper was full
of abuse, mendacious atiacks upon our local
government, and scarcely a column that did
not contain actionable slanders; but its editor
was wholly irresponsible, and as exempt from
suit as any other sewer-pipe in the city. If he
had been a heap of dung he could not have
been more pestiferous, but as he had the form
and semblance of man there was no known
precedent for abating him as a nuisance. This
paper, encouraged and fed by these "thousand
citizens," solidified the ranks of those who fa-
vored the loan and disgusted those who doubted
the method of raising funds and preferred ap-
propriations from year to year rather than by
a bonded debt. The result was that when the
vote caine the "thousand citizens" and a few
recruits, making twelve hundred and thirteen,
voted against t fie loan and fourteen thousand
seven hundred and sixty for it, while a large
numbei remained away from the polls. These
were composed of two classes: one who favored
the loan but knew there was no doubt of its
ratification, and did not want to lose a day in
registering and voting; the other class, not by
any means large, did not believe in the loan
but believed in improvements and in the integ-
rity of our officers, and were indignant at the
means adopted to embarrass the new govern-
ment. They could not vote for the loan, but
they would not vote against it under the cir-
