1602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Eerry of Connec-
ticut, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Hiteheook.Koliy, Morton, Pomcroy, Ramsey,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson, Tipton,
and Vickers—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Cameron, Cooper,
Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Harlan, Hill, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Osborn, Rice, Sawyer, Scott, Trumbull, West,
Windom, and Wright—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Casserly, Chandler, Clayton,
Conkling, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Frelinghuy-
sen, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Howe, Johnston, Morrill
■ of Maine, Norwood, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Pratt,
Robertson, Schurz, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, and Wilson—30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment to the
amendment, inserting the Commissioner of
Education.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. Before offering the amend-
ment I intended, I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio one question. Is the super-
vising architect of the Treasury included in
this proposition ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I want the gentleman
to explain to me whether his office is a bureau
or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been so regarded.
Mr. LOGAN. Is it a bureau by law?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot state without
looking at the statute. I will look up the law
if the Senator desires.
Mr. LOGAN. It is not necessary. It would
be well enough for us to know these things in
advance. I do not know that it is my busi-
ness to look it up; but the Senator need not
hunt it up for me. I do not think it is a
bureau. I merely suggested it, so that we
might have uniformity in this thing. I am in
favor of the supervising architect having his
salary increased. I merely asked the ques-
tion, inasmuch as that objection had been made
to the amendment I suggested.
I maintain, as I said before, that the super-
vising surgeon of marine hospitals is a sepa-
rate and distinct officer, reporting directly to
the Secretary of the Treasury, having charge
of a particular business—the affairs of the
man'ine hospitals of the United States, in num-
ber amounting to one hundred and thirty-five,
disbursing a large amount of money, and hav-
ing ihe general supervision and regulation of
them. It is recognized by the Secretary of the
Treasury as a bureau, the same as is super-
vising architect; and if we are to go by his
recommendation, he has recommended the
increase of this salary according to my propo-
sition. I move to amend the amendment
by inserting "the supervising surgeon of the
marine hospital service."
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois to the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the yeas were eighteen.
Mr. SHERMAN. We must have the yeas
and nays to get a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say a word. It
is very easy, as a matter of course, for Sena-
tors who are opposed to this proposition, by
voting for all amendments that may be offered,
to load it down. As a matter of course, if we
go beyond the real lines drawn by this amend-
ment, it will certainly be voted down. Now, I
appeal to the Senator from Illinois. Here are
officers whose offices have been established
from the foundation of this Government. The
Comptrollers, and some of the Auditors, are
the oldest officers in the Government. In 1805
and 1817, when the pay of these officers was
finally fixed, the head of a Department got
$6,000, and the head of a bureau was fixed at
$3,000. The salary of the Second Comptroller
was fixed in 1817, and certainly that of some
of the Auditors was fixed as long ago as that,
at $3,000 a year. They are officers who have,
to pass upon every claim against the Govern-
ment of the United States, upon every dollar
of'money expended, upon every warrant drawn.
They are heads of bureaus, defined by law.
Their salaries have been the same for fifty
years, during which time the dollar of value
has entirely changed its relative character.
Here is an officer who receives $2,000 a year,
who sought the office two years ago. He
ought not to have been appointed, in my judg-
ment, because up to that time an Army officer
or a naval officer had done duty as surgeon of
marine hospitals, and aboard of directors and
a clerk discharged the ordinary duties; but
then this civil surgeon, seeking this office,
was appointed at $2,000 a year and his travel-
ing expenses.
Now, when an effort is made to raise the pay
of these old acknowledged officers, the pay of
all around them having been raised, it is pro-
posed to raise a $2,000 officer, created within
two years, up to $4,000, and all Senators
opposed to the proposition, iacluding the two
Senators from Vermont, vote to do this.
What for? Because they desire this thing to
be done? They do what I have often done 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the honorable Sen-
ator ask me a question to be answered now or
by and by ?
Mr. SHERMAN. By and by.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. They do what I have often
done in a parliamentary body and what all
of us have done sometimes when we desire to
defeat a proposition—vote for amendments to
load it down. Now, I ask the Senator to an-
swer at leisure whether he desires, and would
vote as an independent proposition, to raise
the salary of this surgeon, now receiving
$2,000 a year, to be $4,000? If that proposi-
tion stood by itself, would he vote for it ? He
swill say, I have no doubt, in due time that he
would not, and that he is opposed to this in-
crease of salary. That opposition is proper,
and I have no complaint to make of it.
I appeal to those who desire to see the
original amendment pass not to go beyond
the limit we have strictly defined. 1 could go
to any of these Departments and pick out
worthy officers who are not receiving in my
judgment enough pay, whose pay is recom-
mended to be increased; but instead of that,
we have confined ourselves to those who are
heads of bureaus.
The reason I did not answer the question
of the honorable Senator from Illinois about
the supervising architect is this : formerly
the chief engineer of that department was a
bureau officer, butat onetime he was legislated
out of office, and then a supervising architect
was appointed, and really it is a question of
doubt whether or not the supervising archi-
tect is at the head of a bureau ; but it is to be
remembered that he has the custody of over
sixteen million dollars a year of expenditure;
that he is a scientific architect, and the Senate
by a very close vote refused to raise his salary
to $5,000 a year on this very bill. Indeed,
among all those who are named, probably, he
is as deservingof this increase of $1,000 as any
one. The position of the supervising architect
of the Treasury extension and of all the pub-
lic buildings, now involving an annual expense
of about sixteen million dollars, the plans of
which he must prepare, of which he has the
general superintendence, employs a multitude
of officers and a multitude of agents. It is
a very different office indeed from the mere
supervising of hospitals. The head of that
business goes around, visits a hospital, sees
how many cases of small-pox there are, how
many of fever, how many of this and that,
and makes his monthly report to the Secretary
of the Treasury. To compare these two offi-
ceis, it seems to me is to compare a mountain
to a mole-hill. All of them are important, of
course in a certain sense. But I hope those
gentlemen who are really desirous of increas-
ing the pay of the leading bureau officers of
the Government will confine this small addi-
tional increase to them, because if they go
beyond that line, we might as well abandon
the proposition and end it here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to tell the Senator
from Ohio that I have opposed this amend-
ment as a whole, as I have stated before and
often, not upon any consideration of whether
it was right in itself or wrong. I have opposed
it upon the ground that it has no place in the
consideration of this bill for the appropriation
of public moneys ; and the honorable Senator
knows that just as well as I do. I have seen
him successfully when he had charge of bills
of this character in the Committee on Finance
resist exactly such.raids as he is now making
upon this bill. But a change of times makes
a change of men, and therefore the same Sen-
ator who convinced the Senate over and over
again when he had charge of these bills that
they ought not to be ridden by amendments
of this character, the moment that he is re-
lieved from individual responsibility for them
turns around and makes a similar raid him-
self. I dare say that is consistent, but it is not
consistent according to the humble notions of
consistency that we have in the northern part
of the country. That, however, is an affair
for Ohio and not for Vermont, and therefore
I do not complain.
Now, the Senator asks me whether I would
vote for this proposition to increase the com-
pensation of the gentleman in charge of the
marine hospitals of this country as an inde-
pendent proposition. I answer him with en-
tire frankness that I would. I would not do it
at this session. I would not do any one of
these things at this session. The Committee
on Appropriations, to whom a bill almost ex-
actly like this that the Committee on Finance
has reported, and I do not know but the same
bill, was referred, have reported adversely to
it at this session, and upon the ground that it
was not broad enough in its scope to equalize
and readjust payments and salaries, putting
some down and others up, and that this was
not the time, in the present financial condition
of the country, to fix permanently salaries not
already fixed by law, and that we ought to wait
until we get to the hard-pan of real money,
and to the hard-pan of fixed and regulated
prices before we undertake to readjust this
question of salaries.
Upon that ground we reported against that
bill; on that ground the Senate, without a dis-
senting voice or a division, consented to its
indefiuitepostponement; but now upon all the
bills that it ought not to be on we make great
haste with fresh zeal to straddle this thing.
The Senate has decided that it will consider it
in connection with this bill. It has refused to
lay it on the table. Inasmuch, then, as we
aro forced to consider the subject, I say we
must consider it in the light of justice, and
every officer in any Department of the Gov-
ernment whose case is brought to our atten-
tion who is justly entitled to an increase of
pay ought to have it here as well as the others.
You cannot distinguish. If it is right for one,
it is right for the other whom justice entitles
to an increased compensation. You cannot
say, as I remarked a little while ago—and I
appeal to the honorable Senator from Ohio
whether he can say—that if it is right to raise
the salary of one officer in the Treasury De-
partment because he deserves it, it is not right
to raise the salary of a clerk in the Treasury
Department because he deserves it. Upon
what ground of justice in the appropriation
of public money is it that it is only for the
great and the high and the influential that
adequate compensation, as you call it, is to
be made, and not for the humble and the
lowly whose families are just as large, whose
wants are a thousand times greater than those
