1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
I was surprised to hear my friend from Mis-
sotni speak of the amendment loading this
proposition. I shall vote tor the amendment
of my friend from Massachusetts, and I hope
every mail will who respects himself. I shall
vote for it, and then I shall be put in a close
place, but I think I have strength for the occa-
sion. I shall be tempted to vote for your
amnesty bill in that event, but I shall have the
satisfaction of knowing one thing, that when
the torch is applied again, and when rebellion
rears its head more terrible than before, 1 did
at least what, I could to keep these rascals out.
I beg pardon for using the word rascals,"' but
my fr'cnd applied it to everybody who had gone
South that did not live there before; and when
I follow his illustrious literary example, he
being a close logician, a fine rhetorician, let
no man call it jesting. [Laughter.] Sir, it
is a fact. They can correct these things there;
we can take care a little of them here, and we
will do it till they love the institutions, instead
of hating them, that you invite them here so
cordially to help sustain.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, it is not my
intention by any means to reply at length to
the Senator from Nevada, (or I honestly think
what, he has i-aid lias not added very materially
to the stock of argument on that side. It is
the old. old story. We have heard so much
of earthquakes, of the leopard that cannot
change las spots, of the Ethiopian and his
skin, of the temple of liberty, and so on, that
it is hardly necessary to throw more light on
these interesting subjects. There is only one
thing to which 1 "i-Ji to call his attention as
\vell as that of the Senate. It struck me as
raihei singular that the Senator from Nevada
should have raid to me ''I am to the manner
boru; 1 know something about republican insti-
tutions,'' iiiiimaiing that 1 only cams from
abroad and siill dare to have and express on
Anieiicau affaiisan opinion of my own. Let
me tell the Senator from Nevada that as an
adopted citizen I am determined lo do just
that thinjr, and there are thomands like me
who will do the same. We came to this coun-
try with a desire to enjoy the blessings of
republican institutions, and surely our desire
to maintain ihem is by rto means inferior to
his. if he thinks that we deserve those rights
only in ease we follow his lead, let me assure
him that he does not understand the spiiit of
American libei ty. Had 1 sat at his feet trying
to study the principles of republican govern-
ment, by his teachings, I must confess 1 should
so far not have found it very profitable.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Chair must
remind I he Senator from Missouri that ho must
address the Chair. Paihamentary !a;v re-
quires it
Mr. NYE. I said nothing about my friend
from Missouri being any other than native-
born. lie told us, however, that he was wafted
here upon an accidental wave of revolution.
Mr. SCHUltZ I did not, say so.
Mr. NYE. Well, a wave of revohi'ion.
Mr. Sf'H LJRZ. Neither did 1 say that.
Mr. NYE. Not now, but some weeks ago.
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 do not remember ever to
have said it.
Mr. NYE. If 1 cannot show it, I am mi-;-
taUeu. I think the expression was that he
was waited oil to our shores by a wave ot rev-
olution. I do not find fault with anything of
that kind, but I did not know upon what meat
he had been feeding that he had grown so
great as to turn instructor so quick to every-
body. I take his lessons with the utmost com-
placency, but I deny their logical force. That
is all I meant to say.
apportionment of representatives.
Mr. CONKLING. To guard against any
difficulty in the morning in reaching the matter
about the apportionment bill, I offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved by the Semite, (the House of .Represent-
atives concurring,) That the jumt Committee on
Enrolled Bills be directed to examine the bill (11.
11. No. 243) for the apportionmentof Representatives
to Congress among the several States 'according to
the ninth census, to correct a clerical error in the
last section of the bill, by which section two of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution is referred
to as section one of that amendment.
Mr. President, I offer the resolution to lie
on the table, leaving the motion I made stand-
ing also, so that the Senate may, if it chooses,
act upon one alternative or the other. I in-
tended also to move that the Senate do now
adjourn, if that be agreeable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina has risen.
Mr. CONKLING. I will not press the
motion if the Senator from South Carolina
objects to it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I was in the act of
making the same motion, and therefore I con-
sent to it.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that motion is
submitted, I should like to know what is the
understanding ill regard to voting to morrow.
Is it understood that the vote shall be taken
to morrow and this bill closed to-morrow?
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators around me
asked if there was an understanding that the
vote should be taken to-morrow on the passage
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT., The understand-
ing was a tacit understanding that the vote
should not be taken to-day. but no specific
time was fixed at which the vote should finally
be taken,
Mr. SHERMAN". I hope the Senator from
South Carolina, who has charge of this bill,
will, if he can, hold a majority here to dispose
of it one way or the other. It is blocking up
the business of the session very much, in my
judgment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I shall appeal to Sen-
ators and ask them to remain here to-morrow
until a vote can be taken on the bill. I now
move that the Seriate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and twenty-one minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 30, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler. I). D.
The Clerk proceeded t,o read the Journal of
Mr. GARFIELD of Ohio. I move to dis-
pense with the further reading of the Journal.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent. Is there objection to dispensing witli
the further reading of the Journal ? The Chair
hears none.
CLAIMS FOIi. HOUSES AND MULES.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
requeued to inform tho House, as soon as possible,
of the number of claims for pay for horses or mules
lcxt by officers or privates while in tho service ofthe
United States during the war of tho rebellion now
! on tile in the office ot the Third Auditor of tho Xreas-
I ury, the number of such claims which have been
• allowed by the Third Auditor, and which arc, now
I unpaid, and what amount of appropriation is re-
! quired to p.ty claims which have been allowed and
! are now unpaid, and claims that arc likely to be
i allowed duiuig this year.
| CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
! Mr. CLAGETT. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to call attention to an error that
appears on the Journal. A bill introduced
by myself yesterday, which was referred to the
j Committee on Mines and Mining, is recorded
as having been referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means. I ask that the Journal
be corrected, so that the bill may be referred
to the Committee on Mines and Mining.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be
made.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I rise also to cor-
rect the Journal. A resolution offered yester-
day by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Haliieman] was directed to the Committee on
Agriculture, it appeal's on the Journal as
being directed to tile Commissioner of Agri-
culture. I ask that the correction be made.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be
made; and th  Chair desires to fay, and he
wishes to give notice of the (act, that he always
declined to have the reading of the Journal
dispensed with. If gentlemen do not pay atten-
tion to the reading, it is their own business;
but. the Journal should always be read com-
pletely.
DEBTS Oi'' SIOUX INDIANS.
On motionof Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Appropriations was
discharged from the further consideration of
the claim for an appropriation to pay certain
debts of the Sioux Indians ; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
n. o. BOUDINOT.
Mr. VOORHEES, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, sub-
mitted a report in writing in tho case of E. C.
Boudinot, and moved that the same bo recom-
mitted to the committee and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC WOUKs.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by
unanimous consent, the Committee on Appro-
priations was discharge 1 from the further
consideration ofthe bul (11. It No. 1118) to
facilitate the execution of and to protect cer-
tain public works and improvements; and the
same was referied to the Committee) on Com-
merce.
ASHTABULA HA HBO it, MKIi EttlE.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio,
also, byunanimous consent, the Committee on
Appropriations was discharged from ihi- I'uit.her
consideration of the petition of fifty eight citi-
zens for an appropriation for Ashtabuli har-
bor, on Lake Erie; and the same was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT ElttE, PENNSYLVANIA.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio,
also by unanimous consent., the Committee
on Appropriations was discharged fiom the
further consideration of the presentment of the
grand jury of the United States lor ih  western
disttiet of Pennsylvania, settiig fotth the
necessity for the erection of Goverum"nt build-
ings at Erie, Pennsylvania, and sundry other
papers relating to the same subject; and the
same were referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Bui.dings and Grounds.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR PUBLIC BUILDINOS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on Ap-
propiiations the following resolution; whuh
was referred to the Cutximitteee oil the Rules:
llemhed. That the sevonly-sevonth rule of tho
House be amended by a<ldins to ilie lift ot rcKtilar
appropriation bilk .i bill making aptnopi i.uious lor
the construction and repair ot'public buildings.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. GA RFIELD, of Ohio. I asli unanimous
consent of the IIou-<e to report back from the
Committee on Approptiations fur pnveut con-
sideration House bill No. 619, apprnpr atuw
money for the purchase of a sui'able sue. and
erecting a building thereon, in the env of St.
Louis, Missouii, to be used (or the purposes
of a custom-house, post office, and other Fed-
eral oifices.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to ask the gentleman a question, before !
j consent to the cons,deration of this bill at this
time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will hear the
question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why is
this public building given the precedence of
all others of a similar character?
