3396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
feet, both hands, or the sight of both eyos, shall not
commence prior to the 4th day of July, 1864; that
the pension for the loss of one foot and one hand
shall not commence prior to the 3d day of March,
1865; asd that the pension for any other disability i
horein designated shall not commence prior to the
6th day of June, 18G6; and that the pension for loss
of hearing of both ears, or other equivalent dis-
ability, shall not oommenco prior to tho approval of
this act.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask the Clerk also to
read the last proviso of the same section.
The Clerk read as follows:
And provided further. That in no case shall the
additional increases of pension providod for in this
section take eti'oet prior to the passage of this act.
Mr. NIBLACK. The point I make is that,
these two provisos are inconsistent. I move
to amend by striking out the last proviso.
Mr. STORM. 1 attempted to do that, but
objection was made.
Mr. BIRD. This brings up a question
which we discussed the other day, and the
House decided not to strike out the provision.
I hope the question will not be mooted again.
Mr. CONGER,. I raise a point of order
that the Mouse has already voted upon this
question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point
of order is well taken.
Mr. DICICEY". I move to amend the first
section by inserting the words "or injury,"
after tlu; word "wound," wherever it occurs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. There are several other
places in the bill where the same amendment
ought to be made.
Mr. DICKEY. I move wherever the word
" wound " occurs in the bill in the same con-
nection to insert the words "or injury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE. I now demand the previous
question on the bill as amended.
■The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was oidered to ho
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
tame, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. .
RKTTUKMKNT ok JUDO ICS Ob' SUPREME COURT.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 2700) relating to
the retirement of judges of the Supreme Court;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on tlie Judiciary, and
ordeted to be printed.
mary e. siielton.
Mr. liIRD, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill (II. R. No. 2770)
granting a pension to Mary E. Sheiton ; which
was road a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Interior shall be authorized
and directed to place on the pension-roll the
name of Mary E. Shell on, widow of Samuel
Sheiton. late private of Company I, first regi-
ment of Tennessee cavalry, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, and also.the minor
children of said Mary E. Sheiton and Samuel
Sheiton at the rate of two dollars per month
until they reach the age of sixteen years, re-
spectively; this act to take effect from and
alter its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BlUD moved to leconsider the vote by
w&ich the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DliLfLAU KELLEY.
Mr. BIRD, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on the petition of Delilah
ICelley, widow of Daniel Kelley, second Ten-
nessee volunteers, for a pension; and the same
was laid on the table.
springfield armory.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, by unanimous
consent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the House of February last, in relation to the
operations of the United States armory at
Springfield, in reference to the working of the
eight and ten-hour systems there, Ac.; which
was referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor, and ordered to be piinted.
And then, on motion of Mr. DICKEY, (at
nine o'clock and forty-live minutes p. in.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, ktc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees;
By Mr. BURCl-IARD: The memorial of
Richard Gregg, of Peoria, Illinois, for relief
on account of spirits consumed by fire while
in transitu.
By Mr. CHIPMAN : The petition of Alex-
ander Ilay and others, praying that tho draws
on Long Bridge be kept open so as not to
impede or obstruct navigation.
By Mr. MOItBY: Tlie joint resolution of the
Legislature of Louisiana, memorializing Con-
gress to refund the amount of the cotton and
sugar collected throughout the southern States
duringtho years 1 <SGf>, 18GG, and 1807.
By Mr. WII1T 1TIORNE : The petition of
W. II. Lumpkin, D. M.'Tidwell, and L. Mino
Bently, of Lawrence county, Tennessee, for
removal of their political disabilities.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesoay, May 1-1, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. I)r. Rankin.
Tlie Clerk proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. T move the
further reading ot the Journal be dispensed
with so that the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hai.k] may have an opportunity to report
back from the Committee on Appropriations
the amendments of the Senate to tlie naval
appropriation bill lor action at this time. They
will consume but a fewminut.es, and we might
as well dispose of them at once.
Mr. KERR. I object.
The Clerk continued tho reading of the
Journal.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the objection to dis-
pensing with the further leading of the Journal
may be withdiawn so that the gentleman from
.Maine may have a few minutes to dispose of
the amendments of the Senate, to the naval
appropriation bill, and we may then go on with
the tariff.
Mr. BROOKS. Yesterday the House lim-
ited the debate on the tariff bill in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that bill is much more important than the
appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It will take
longer to read the Journal than the amend-
ments of the Senate to the naval appropriation
bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object to dispens-
ing with the reading of the Journal.
The SP-EAKER. Is there objection to dis-
pensing with the further leading of the Jour-
nal?
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, reported back amendments ot the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1101) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
isabella orange.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. JR. No. 2771) for the re-
lief of Isabella Orange; which was r'ead a first :
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Private Laud Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
naval appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report ;
the amendments of the Senate, and will indi-
cate whether concurrence or non-concurrenee
is recommended by the Committee ou Appro-
priations.
The Clerk read the thirteenth amendment
of the Senate, as follows;
In lines one hundred and twenty-one, one hun-
dred and twenty-two, ono hundred and twentv-
threc, and ono hundred and twenty-four, pnfte 6,
striko out these words ; " Provided, Til at the median- ;
ics aud laborers shall bo employed on tho selection
of the heads of the several mechanical departments-
in tho several navy-yards, without the interference
of any naval otlioer: And."
The committee recommended concurrence.
Mr. BROOKS. I should like the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Hale] to give some explana-
tion in regard to this amendment.
Mr. HALE. I will explain the effect not
only of the thirteenth, but of the fourteenth
and fifteenth amendments, which arc con-
nected with it, so that the whole effect of
the proposed Senate amendment may clearly
appear, in the House bill the provision stood
thus:
Provided, That tho mechanics arid laborers shall
be employed on tho selection of the heads ol tho sev-
eral mechanical departments in the several navy-
yards, without tho interference of any naval otlicer :
And provided Jurther, That laborers shall be em-
ployed in tho sovorat navy-yards by the proper
otlieors in charge without dictation Irom political
committees, and without regard to thoir political
sentiments.
Now the Senate, as a matter of good taste,
while conforming to tho idea, makes a change
in the language and leaves it in this way:
Provided, That laborors shall be employed in tho
several navy-yards by the propor officers in charge,
with reference to skill and etlioency, and without
regard to other considerations.
Mr. LYNCII. Which my colleague very
well knows does not mean anything.
Mr. HALE. I do not, know if anything we
have done in this regard would operate prac-
tically; but as a matter,of good taste 1 like
the language used by the Senate better than
the language of tlie House. I do not suppose
that we can infuse a great deal of life into the
operation of this thing, any way. It is simply
a matter of taste, and gentlemen will see that
the Senate expresses it more briefly and more
in accordance with the dignity of legislation.
Mr. BROOKS. I would pref'ei bad taste
with good sense, to tlie opposite of that,.
The object, I suppose, is to prevent the em-
ployment of men as laborers in the navy-
yards solely for political purposes.
The thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth
amendments of the Senate were concurred in.
The Clerk read the twenty-first amendment
of tlie Senate, as follows:
On phkc 17, line four hundred and six, strike
out the words " and forty-seven thousand and six
hundred" aritl insert the word "thousand;" so
til at it will re.id :
Bureau of Provisions ,ind Clothing:
For piovisioiis for the otliecis, seamen, and ma-
rines, $1,500,000.
The committer recommend non-concur-
rence.
Mr. HOLM AN. This is a very large amount
by which the Senate proposes to reduce this
appropriation, and 1 should like to hear some
explanation of it,
Mr. HALE. When the bill was being pre-
pared by the Committee on Appropriations,
the estimates of this bureau weie gone over
very carefully, and the amount reported to the
House was got by cutting down the estimates
between $200,000 and $800,000. We did not
consider it prudent to cut them down further,
but if the Senate committee can show that the
appropriation can be cut down further, without
