1604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
the Senator from Ohio know that at the time
the Secretary of the Treasury detailed an Army
officer for this business he violated the law ?
He had no right to detail him, and the officer
had no right to respond to the order, more
than the Senator from Ohio had.
. Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator did
not understand me as saying that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury could detail an Army or
a Navy officer. I said under the previous law
an Army or Navy surgeon could be detailed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can that be done bylaw
now?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not by the Secretary of.
the Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. By anybody?
Mr. MORTON. I thought the duty was
performed by a clerk in the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I know all about this service. I have ex-
amined it thoroughly. It was first performed
by a elerk in the Treasury Department. The
Senator from Indiana that far is correct. But
afterward the Secretary detailed a surgeon 'of
the Army to-perform the duty, and two years
ago a surgeon of the Army was performing
the duty. Two or three years ago I had
occasion to investigate the whole thing for my
own satisfaction and for my own information,
and I think I understand this service as well
as any gentleman on this floor. I examined
it most thoroughly, and examined it for the
purpose of ascertaining what the law was and
by what authority a surgeon of the Army was
detailed in the Treasury Department.
After that the Secretary of the Treasury
recommended to the Congress of the United
States that authority of law be given him that
he might continue this Army officer in charge
of the marine hospitals. Congress refused to
give him that authority ; but Congress did in
lieu of that provide that he might appoint at
a certain salary a head of that division, depart-
ment, bureau, or whatever you may call it.
That is the history of this service.
Now let us go a little further. Some Sena-
tors think it unimportant. Let us see the his-
tory of this bureau previously. I could give
items, but I will not do it. While we had a
clerk detailed there, requisitions were made
on him for medicine for difl'erent hospitals that
were perfectly absurd; but he, not being a
surg'eon or physician, knew nothing about the
requirements of hospitals and approved requi-
sitions of that kind; and at one time there
was opium enough purchased by the United
States Government for these hospitals to have
poisoned half the people of a State ; what for,
nobody could tell. That was a fact, and I
state it as a fact. The running of this bureau
was so ridiculous and absurd that it became
necessary to have a man who understood his
business there, an>d the law which has been
read _was passed for that purpose, and an
appointment was made by the Secretary under
the law.
Who was appointed? Oiie of the most sci-
entific men in the United States, a man who
had a fine practice, a man who stands high in
his profession. Why was he appointed ? Be-
cause the service was of such a character that
the Secretary of the Treasury saw that the
seamen of the United States when they were
in sickness and placed in these hospitals
should have as good care taken of them as
anybody else if we expected to have them
cured. Hence, taking the right view, he ap-
pointed a good man, one who is a benefit to
the service, a scientific man, a man who was a
professor at one time occupying one of the
principal chairs in one of the leading medical
colleges of the United States, a man who can-
not live on $2,000 a year; and I say to the
Senate that whenever you value the services
of the head of the marine hospital service of
the United States at„x>nly $2,000 a year, you
will get some quack who will amount to noth-
ing. This man cannot stay there at that sal-
ary, nor any man who stands well in his pro-
fession. I merely ask the increase because
the recommendation has been made that his
salary should be increased. The Secretary of
the Treasury has made that recommendation
twice, but it has not been done.
I am well acquainted with this surgeon ; I
have been in his office frequently, and he has
shown me the manner in which he keeps his
books, and explained the whole matter to me;
and I say to the Senate to-day that there is not
a man in the Treasury Department who has
more laborious work than this chief surgeon of
the marine hospital service. You have one
hundred and thirty-five marine hospitals in the
United States; you have all the property to
take charge of; you have to provide and pur-
chase medicines for a great number of sick
people. All these things have to be done.
You must necessarily have a man to under-
stand the business if you do justice to the
seamen and do justice to the Government of
the United States.
Now, let me read a portion, and a very
small portion of a report made to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury by this chief surgeon of
the marine hospital service, showing what has
been done in the last six months. I will only
read the close of the report, giving the number
of hospitals, the number of patients in them,
bow long they have been treated, the cost per
diem, and the expenses of the different hos-
pitals in the United States. He sums it up
thus:
"Number of patients treated in hospitals in 1871,
7.257. Number of days of hospital relief. 199,85-1.
Pereentago of deaths, three per cent. Expenditures
incurred tor care and treatment of sick and disabled
seamen, $195,109 0-1. Cost perdiem for eaoh patient,
ninety-seven cents. Diminished expenditures dur-
ing the six months ending December 31,1871, $i0,~
050 01."
In six months the report of this surgeon
shows that he had diminished the expenses
$40,000 from what they were during the corre-
sponding six months of the preceding year,
when the hospital service was managed in the
manner the gentleman refers to, when they
had a man who merely did travel around :
"Number of ports whore hospital relief was fur-
nished, 75. Nuniberof ports where hospital tax was
collected, 119."
If you can give charge to a man of that
number of hospitals, and he takes proper
charge of the furnishing of the buildings, of
the purchase of medicines, and he sees to the
number of patients to go in and the number
to go out, examines their books, makes in-
spections, employs proper surgeons, and keeps
that many going, you have had a work done
that no man can do for $2,000 a year.
Probably some persons may say that I have
more feeling about this man than I ought to
have. I will tell you the reason why that is
the case, if itbe so. I know something about
hospitals. For four years I had them with me
all the time, where thousands of people were
sick and distressed. I saw the necessity of a
good man in charge of them. I saw the ne-
cessity, time and again, of employing men
that had some respect for life, that valued a
man's life and cared what he gave him and the
kind of treatment he applied to him; and that is
the reason I have a feeling in reference to this.
Many times in the Army during the war men
were employed where you might as well have
employed poison and given it to the patient;
but when you had good surgeons that did their
duty, you preserved the lives of thousands of
men that would otherwise have gone to death ;
and so it is in this service. I speak of it as a
measure of humanity to these poor seamen
that to-day are unfortunate, and will be as long
as this Government stands, and have to be
treated and have medical aid, medical treat-
ment in New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore,
and all around the coast, and in the interior
on the Ohio and Mississippi rivers and on the
lakes. At Chicago and all the main cities on
the lakes you have got to employ proper men,
and you cannot do that unless you have a
proper man at the head of the Department
that does employ them, and knows when he
employs a scientific man, and you cannot
secure that kind of man at $2,000 a year; you
cannot at $2,000 a year keep one who is a
proper man to have charge of this number
of patients, of the disbursing of this amount
of money, and of the number of buildings and
furniture that there are in the hands of this
man.
I speak knowingly in reference to the ability
of this gentleman ; but I do not ask it on that
account particularly; I merely mention that
to show you that you do not cheat the Govern-
ment when you raise his salary, but only do
justice to the service, not particularly to the
individual, because if you do not retain him
you will have to get somebody else worthy of
the place and position, that cares for the ser-
vice, -and feels with it and administers to the
wants of these men in a proper manner.
Now, one word more. I am in favor of rais-
ing the salary of every one of these bureau offi-
cers where the salary is not now fixed ata proper
amount. I do not care whether it comes in
piecemeal or altogether; I would prefer it
altogether; but I shall vote for it whenever it
comes up, for I think it is just and right. I
think the Senator from Ohio should have put
in the head of the Agricultural Department
or bureau or agency, or whatever you may call
it. It is a bureau, call it what you please. It
is a separate, independent machine, and there-
fore it is a bureau in the strictest sense and
meaning of the word " bureau," as applicable
to an office. So it is in reference to this ser-
vice, and so it is in reference to the architect's
bureau, or whatever it is. That is the manner
in which I look upon it in order to decide
whether it is a bureau or not. In the strictest
sense these are bureaus, and the salaries of
their heads ought to be raised. If you raise
one you ought to raise the others. The archi-
tect and the supervising surgeon run side by
side; one makes buildiags and the other takes
care of them, so far as the hospitals are con-
cerned. (This view is not applicable, of course,
to post offices and others.) They both ought
to be raised.
Mr. MORTON. According to my under-
standing of the duties of this supervising sur-
geon of hospitals, it comes about as near being
a sinecure or a pleasant traveling office as
any in the Government. The duties were
formerly performed by a clerk in the Treasury
Department. I was urged two or three years
ago to vote to create this office, urged repeat-
edly, with a view of providing a place for an
excellent man, who was said to be out of a
place. I think I did not vote to create the
office.
I know I should not vote for it upon that
consideration. I think there are three hun-
dred clerks here, who are called clerks and
paid as clerks, who perform more labor and
have a great deal more responsibility than this
officer. I may remark here that there is a vast
deal of humbug about the marine hospitals.
There are at least one half too many 
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to ask the Sen-
ator one question. Would the Senator from
Indiana, if he was a seaman, which he is not
by any means, and was sick, as he sometimes
has been, like to havea clerk that knew noth-
ing about medicine more than he did himself
suggesting what remedies should be taken in
reference to his ailments, and directing the
man who should give it to him and appointing
the physician? Would he like that?
Mr. MORTON. Why, Mr. President, I am
surprised at the question of the Senator. This
supervising surgeon does not prescribe for any-
body. Each hospital has its surgeon. He
does not tell any surgeon to go to a sick marine
or sailor 
Mr. LOGAN. I do not say he prescribes;
