2500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
consummate and having proved vicious we can-
not repeal it, I have assigned one very cogent
reason why it should be voted down, or, to
use his sententious phrase, why we should
kill it. That is the point at which, in my poor
way, I am aiming.
Now, I say that we have gone far enough,
in my belief quite far enough, in legislation
which looks like favoritism to the judges ; and
in their behalf, as one interested in the pres-
ervation of the judiciary and in the public
respect paid to it, I think it is time to call a
halt. When some other judge becomes dis-
abled as Judge Watrous did, let us legislate
as we did in his behalf; to that no objection
can be made ; and let us apply the remedy to
the cases as they arise in place of adopting
one general remedy so full, as I might say it
is now almost admitted this is, of questionable
consequences and doubtful considerations.
I beg pardon, Mr. President, for occupying
so much time.
Mr. CARPENTER addressed the Senate
in remarks which will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President, I
hope we may have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) The first question is on the amend-
ment of the Committee on the Judiciary
which was under consideration at the time
the Senator from Delaware offered his amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understood that the
Senator from Delaware offered an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ There was
an amendment under consideration at that
time, and his amendment was not in order.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the amend-
ment of the committee?
The Chief Clerk. The pending amend-
ment is in lines five and six, to strike out the
words "satisfactory proof shall be laid before
him" and to insert " he shall be satisfied."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] to in-
sert after the words " United States," in the
fifth line, the words "who hag held his com-
mission at least ten years."
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the yeas
and nays upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. We have just adopted
an amendment which dispenses with all proof;
no proof is to be made; but simply the satis-
faction of the Executive is required. Now,
this is to introduce a ten years' security at
least. I am for that.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SCOTT. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from New Jersey, Mr.
Stockton. If he were present he would
vote for the amendment, and I should vote
agai nst it.
Mr. CARPENTER, (after first voting in the
negative.) I beg pardon of the Chair and the
Senate. I forgot entirely that I was paired on
this subject with the Senator from Delaware,
Mr. Bayard. I ask leave, therefore, to with-
draw my vote.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being made, the vote will be withdrawn.
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays
15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Boreman, Bucking-
ham, Ca.lriwell, Casserly, Clayton, Cole, Crinkling,
Cooper, Corbett, Cragin. Davis of West Virginia,
Edmunds, troldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Nor-
wood, Pratt, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Windoin, and
Wright—27.
KAYS — Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Fenton,
Howe, Kellogg, Logan. Morrill of Vermont, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart.
Thuraan, and Trumbull—15.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow, Carpenter, Davis of Kentucky, Ferry of
Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Freling-
huysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Lewis, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pool,
Rice, Robertson, Schurz, Scott, SpraKue, Stevenson,
Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Vickers, West, and Wil-
son—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING .OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONKLING. When the proper time
comes I ask for the yeas and nays on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say a word
before the question of concurrence is put.
The Senate has adopted an amendment by
which it has provided that a judge must be in
office ten years before he can be permitted to
resign and receive his salary. I do not see
the propriety of that if the bill goes upon the
ground that it is the public service that is to
be provided for. Suppose a man has served
but one year, or two years, or three years, and
then becomes disqualified, what are you to
do? Take any of your judicial districts in
the United States. Take the State of Maine,
the first State where we generally begin with
the States. A judge has been in office two
years. He becomes disqualified. If he had
been in office ten years he could be permitted
to resign ; bat after being in but two years, by
some misfortune or other he is disabled from
holding court. Then he must remain the
judge of that district for eight years more.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can he not resign?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He can; but he will
not resign, probably.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because he may be a
man who has no other means of living, and
he was put into office under your Constitution
during good behavior. He has committed no
act for which you can impeach him, and you
cannot get him out of office.
Mr. CAMERON. Cannot you remove him
by "address?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; you cannot remove
him by "address" under the Constitution of
the United States; that is not permitted; and I
ask the Senator from Pennsylvania if he would
"address" a man out of office because he is
stricken down by sickness and unable to hold
court? Would that be a reason for "address-
ing" him out?
Mr. CAMERON. I say to-day that I would
treat a judge just as I would treat any other
man in the civil service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The difficulty is, the
Constitution says that judges shall be appointed
during good behavior, and of course you can-
not make the misfortune of a man a cause for
removal. There must be some cause to im-
peach him or address him out; but then the
Constitution docs not provide for addressing a
judge out of office. It can only be done by
impeachment, and that implies that there must
be some delinquency.
Mr. CAMERON. I think the great error
was in making this provision for them at all.
We ought to have no pensions except for the
men who risk their lives in the defense of the
country. I would have no more of this legis-
lation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
amendment that was agreed to in Commit-
tee of the Whole, by striking out "ten" and
inserting " five."
Mr. CONKLING. Is that in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order to move to concur with an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, if the amendment
should be concurred in, in case a judge has
been in office five years he may be retired.
That would meet the objection that a man
would be simply appointed and then be per-
mitted to retire at once on his pay, which can
only go upon the assumption that the Presi-
dent of the United States would conspire with
an individual to commit what I should regard
as a fraud on the public. I do not believe my-
self that the President would nominate or the
"Senate confirm men who were incapable of
acting as judges, with a view of giving them
pay after they should be retired under the
provisions of this bill. But if there were any
such apprehension the term of five years would,
I think, be a sufficient answer to it. I will
therefore move to strike out " ten" and insert
" five."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the first amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole will be regarded as
concurred in; and the Senator from Illinois
now moves to concur in the other amendment
with an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What the Senator from
Illinois has said about what the President
would or would not do must depend, if he will
allow me to remind him of it, largely upon his
success and miue in getting the civil service
established. If the President is left as he is
now to the tender mercy of the pre-sure of the
Senator from Illinois and myself and other
ardent and enthusiastic individuals, (other
ardent friends of the Administration, to bor-
row a phrase of his own, I believe,) when there
is a good fellow in Yermont or Illinois who has
got a little dyspeptic and wants to travel abroad
and make himself comfortable at the Govern-
ment expense, the Senator from Illinois atid I
will leave the President without any peace until
at last, as other good men mentioned in Scrip-
ture have been over-persuaded, we have per-
suaded him by constant dinning into accepting
the resignation of this gentleman and giving
him his pay.
I tell the Senator from Illinois that we can-
not go on when we leave the discretion about
putting people in and out of office to the
President of the United States—who has ardent
friends, as he always will have, whoever may
be the President—with any safety ; not because
the President would be base or corrupt, but
because the President is human, and yields to
the entreaty of men of influence and of friend-
ship and of power, just as every man will when
you expose him to it, more or less. So that
will not do. You have got to put it upon a
broader principle than that; and that is, when
any man who is a judge chooses to go out of
office, believicg himself to be justified in
going out and taking his full pay, he will go,
and that will be the end of it.
But the argument of the Senator from Illi-
nois defeats itself upon the ground of its being
for the public service. He says what we are
to do if a man has been in one, two, or five
years and cannot go on with his duties? You
cannot get him out, and he persists in staying.
What are you to do if a Senator does the same
thing, who is in for six years? Does any man
say that a Senator who is incapable of attend-
ing here and performing his duties, and knows
he has got to stay at home and not attend at all
for six years, is going to hang on to his office
and draw his pay? No, sir. Any man who
is fit to be a Senator will, when he finds him-
self in that attitude, resign, as many have.
And any man who is fit to be a judge who
finds himself in that attitude, that he is per-
manently disabled from performing the duties
of the civil function to which he has been
called, will not shield himself under the Con-
stitution and say, "You cannot get me out,
and therefore I will neither perform the duty
nor give up the office." You must not pre-
sume that a judge would do such a thing; and
if he did, as you say, he is not the class of
person to whom you should pay a pension, or
to whom you should give increased compen-
sation.
Mr. CARPENTER. And because he is not
such a judge as you ought to have, you ought
to discourage his retirement!
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly would not
encourage any man to retire under those cir-
cumstances by paying him a premium. I
would as soon, if I lived in Wisconsin and
