108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds bad this
bill under consideration and reported it unani-
mously to the House, and it was sent to the
Committee on Appropriations for considera-
tion and examination. We are informed that
the situation of the building at St. Louis is so
exceedingly bad that the judges of the courts
say that they can scarcely transact their busi-
ness either with safety or with comfort. The
Committee on Appropriations believe, as did
the Committee ou Appropiiations of last year,
that it is very important to secure the title to
the property now witliin the reach of the Gov-
ernment, and therefore we ought not to wait
for the regular bill.
No objection being made, the bill was
received.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to purchase, at a
private sale, or by condemnation in pursu-
ance of the statutes of the State of Missouri,
a suitable lot iu the city of St. Louis, for the
purpose of erecting thereon a building, to l>8
used for the purposes of a custom-house, post
office, United States court, and other Federal
oftices ; and appropriates the sum of $250,000,
or so much thereof as may be found necessary,
for the purchase off-aid lot; and that the sum
of £300,000, heretofore appropriated by an act
entitled^ An act making appropiiations for
stimhy civil expenses of the Government for
1 he year ending June .° 0, I871, and for other
purposes," and extended by an act entitled
44An act making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the impropriations for the civil
service of the year ending June ftO, 1871, and
for additional appropiiations for the service
of the year ending Juno U0, 1872, and for
other purpOFcV approved April 20, 1871,
.shall be applied toward the erection of the
building above mentioned ; and that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall cause proper plans
and estimates to be made, so that no expend-
iture shall bo made or authorized for the con-
struction of said building until a valid titlo to j
the land for the site of said budding shall be 1
vested in the United States, and until the State 1
of Missouri shall also duly releases and relin- I
quish to the United States the light to tax or ;
in any way assess said site, or the property of i
the United States that may bo thereon, during j
the time that the United States bhnll be or '
remain the owner thereof; provided that no '
expenditure shall be made or authorized for 1
the full completion of said building exceeding
$2,000,000; and that all acts or parts of acts
conflicting with tiie pro\isions of this act, are
hereby repealed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 will not dis-
cuss this bill, but merely call attention to a
communication from the Secretary of tho
Treasury upon the subject.
The letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
i3 as follows:
Tre \suby Department,
Oi-ticf, of i iie Srukktary, December 13, 1871.
Sift: In icpJy to your communication of tho 13th ;
instant,inolnHing n, copyof a bill introduced by Hon. !
Mr. Wells, of Missouri, making provision tor tho
purchase oi grounds and tho erection of public 1
buildings in tho city of St. Louis, I have the honor :
to transmit heicwith tho report of the supervising !
architect, which contains till tho information that j
thfi Dcjnirtinent i.« ut pi ofent able to furnish.
lna bill inclosed in your letter i.s also herewith :
returned.
Vciy lespeelfullv, ;
GEO. S. B0UTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. OnoRGB A. Ualsky,
Jlcui'j oj tteprcnentolivcs, Washington, I). C.
Treasury Department,
oftk s or Supervising Architect,
December 13, 1871.
Sir: In accordance with your instructions I have
examined the bill appropriating money for the
puicha&e of a suitable site and erecting a budding
thereon, in the city of St. Louis, to be used for the
furpofees of a custom-hoine, post office, and other
scleral offices," tho same being this day transmitted
by the chairman of the Committee oa Publio Build-
ings and Grounds for your opinion.
I have had the honor heretofore to call your atten-
tion to the pressing necessities for a new building in
that city, and take the liberty of quoting th ft follow-
ing paragraph from my report of March 20,1869, on
that subject:
" I have tho honor to report that the building
referred to (the present one) is one of the most in-
convenient and unsuitable for Government uses of
any now in the possession of this Department. The
defects are radical, and no expenditure of money
would evormakeit suitable; neither can it be en-
larged, the entire lot being occupied, save a nar-
row alley on oue side, which is even now entirely
insufficient to light thut side of the building. The
rooms are as a consequence almost if not entirely
worthless. The building has been modified and
rearranged soveral time?, and it is not believed that
any changes which could be made would improve it
or relieve its present crowded condition. The office
of the Assistant Treasurer is in the basement, which
is dark, damp, and every way unsuitable for the pur-
pose for whieh it is used. It is, in fact, little better
than a cellar. The stamp and money-order depart-
ment of tho post offiee is in the same story, the
reraainderof which, together with theeellar, is occu-
pied for the storage of spirits and other inflammable
substances, so that the building and its contents are
constantly exposed to imminent danger. Though
the building is nominally fire-proof, it is in reality
of a highly combustible nature, the wbole of the
partitions above the basement story being of lath
and plaster, and tho roof of timber covered with tin,
while tho main stairway affords ample facilities for
tho communication of fire between the different
stories.
"The building is at present occupied by the
Assistant Treasurer United States, post office, cus-
toms department, pension agent. United States
courts, and officers of the judiciary, the supervisor
of steamboats, and the land office. The records of
the land office are also stored iu the upper story.
It is very desirable that the officers of internal rev-
enue iu St. Louis, with the valuable records of their
officos, should be provided for in a fire-proof struc-
ture, but it has been found impracticable to do so
in the crowded condition of the present building."
I do not think that it will bo possible to state too
strongly the unsuitable character of the building, or
the discomfort and inconvenience it entails on tho
officers of tho Government, and tho public. I am of
thoopiuion that tho Government will require in St.
Louis a building of sufficient sizo to occupy an entiro
umall block, or one half of the larger blocks in that
city. It appears to me that tho provision in the bill
authorizing tho Government to condemn, if neces-
sary, the property requirod, is a verj^ desirablo and
proper provision, and that it will obviate many diffi-
culties.
As regards tho appropriation, tho sum specified
h, in my opinion, too small rather than too largo,
but will undoubtedly besuflicicnt to erecta building
suitablo for the immediate necessities of the Gov em-
inent, which should bo arranged so as to admit of
extension in the future without injuring its archi-
tectural effect. This, of course, must bo provided
fur in the design as well as in the selection of the
lot. The $JO0,0(K) already appropriated will bo suffi-
cient to meet all expenditures that should be made
during the current lisealyear.
Very respectfully, A. B. MULLETT,
$ux>ervisina Architect.
Hon. Gbotujk S. Boutwkll,
tiecrtlary of the Treasury.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to move
two amendments to the bill: to strike out the
words 4k fo that, M and insert tbe word 44 but"
before the words 44 no expenditure shall be
made or authorized for the construction of
said building until a valid title to the land for
the site of said building shall be vested in the
United States, and until the State of Missouri ;w
and also after those words insert ik shall cede
its jurisdiction over said title and,"
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed j
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRANSPORTATION OF MERCHANDISE.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on Com-
merce a bill (II. 11. No. 1332) to amend the
thirty-second section of an act entitled "An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved July 14, 1870; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
^ The bill, which was read, provides that sec-
tion thirty-two of an act entitled " An act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
approved July 14, 1870, shall be amended to
read as follows:
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted,^ That merehan-
disc transported under the provisions of this act
shall be conveyed in cars, vessels, or vehicles securely
fastened with locks or seals, under the exclusive
control of the officers of customs, and inspectors
shall bo stationed at proper points along the desig-
nated routes, or upon any cur, vessel, vehicle, or
train, at the discretion of theSecretary of the Treas-
ury, and at the expense of the said companies respect-
ively ; and such merchandise shall not be unladen
or transhipped between the ports of first arrival
and final destination, unless authorized by tho regu-
lations of the Secretary of tho Treasury, or with his
consent first obtained, but in no case shall there be
permitted any breaking of the original packages of
such merchandise.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. X will state to the
House what is in substance contained in a let-
ter of the Secretary of the Treasury, which I
have not now in my hands, as to the change
that this bill makes in the existing law, and
the reason for it. Under the existing law pro-
viding for the shipment of merchandise from
the port of arrival to interior ports, it is im-
possible to transfergoods in transitu from ona
railroad to another of a different gauge, or to
pass them from a railroad across a ferry, or
out of a river into one of its tributaries where
a boat of a lighter draught must be employed.
The necessity for this change in the law is,
therefore, absolutely self evident. The need
for making the change now is of course sug-
gested by what I have stated. The bill in its
amended form will not permit the breaking of
original packages, and the whole matter will
be regulated by rules to be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury. I move the pre-
vious question.
_ Mr. BROOKS, of New York. As this is a
bill affecting my constituents, I should like to
hear it again read.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. _ Before it is read
let me add, for the information of the gentle-
man from New York, that it makes no change
in the existing law except by the addition of a
line or two at the end of the section. It pro-
vides that "such merchandise shall not be
unladen or transhipped between the ports of
first arrival and final destination." That is the
law now. The additional legislation is con-
tained in the clause which follows: "unless
authorized by the regulations of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or with his consent first
obtained."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Has the biU
been considered by the Committee on Com-
merce ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It has, and is
unanimously recommended by that committee.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Iwouldlika
to hear the bill again read.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I wish to ask tho
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarqer] one
question. I was not paying attention wheu the
bill was read, and I would like to know whether
it provides for a case of this kind: on the Mis-
sissippi river boats often get ice-bound—at
Cairo, for instance. I wish to know whether
the bill allows a transfer in such a case to be
made from a boat which is detained by ice or
other causes to a railroad train, so that the
goods may be sent forward without delay to
their point of destination.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I answer tha
gentleman by saying that, as I understand, it
does; and I will ask the Clerk to read the bill
again.
The Clerk again read the bill.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It will be ob-
served that the bill permits any regulation of
the Secretary of the Treasury to meet the
object stated by the gentleman.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. One more
question: has this bill been submitted to the
Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It was drawn by
the Secretary of the'Treasuiy, except the words
providing that original packages shall not be
broken. Those words have been added by
