1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3897
injury to the public service, I shall be very
glad.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the amendment of the
Senate makes so large a reduction as to be, in
the judgment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, imprudent, the .,House ought to know
their reasons for arriving at the conclusion.
Mr. HALE. I hardly believe that the com-
mittee of the Senate, which does not originate
these appropriations, has looked into the mat-
ter as carefully as has been done by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House, where
the whole responsibility lies. I can only re-
peat what I have said already, that the House
committee went over the estimates carefully
and cut them down to the extent they thought
they would bear reduction. We did not think
it prudent to cut them down fuither.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman thinks
that this should go to a conference committee,
I will not object.
Mr. HALE. I may also state that in the
consideration of the bill before the House,
before it went to the Senate, we added an
extra ration which was not estimated for.
My impression is that that would cover an
amount of more than fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. ARCHER. That was to give each
sailor and seaman the same outfit as was
given in the Army, allowing each one about
sixty dollars.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the twenty-fourth amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
After line five hundred and four, page 21, add the
following: '
For the purchase of a license to use in all the
works of the United States Gurrnau and Siegfried's
process of tempering steel, for tiie term ol their
patents, 410,000.
The committee recommend concurrence,
with the following amendment:
At the end of said amendment add the following :
And ior the purchase of the right tu manufacture
and use on Government vessels the Emery and
Cheney pa,tent elastic chain stopper and surge re-
liever, $12,000.
Mr. STORM. I desire to know something
about these patents, and whether they do not
belong to men employed by the Navy Depart-
ment?
Mr. HALE. Not at all. I would say that
the Government is paying a royalty, and this
is recommended by tins Department as a more
economical mode of securing the use of these
patents.
Mr. STORM. What is the royalty?
Mr. COGHLAN. Two hundred and fifty
dollars for each, and it is proposed to allow
the Government to buy the right.
Mr. STOKM. And with regard to the other
amendment proposed by the committee?
Mr. HALE. This is a similar case. Both
of these articles are largely used in the Navy.
The amendment, with the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Appropriations,
was concurred in.
The twenty-fifth amendment was read as
follows :
Under the head of "Naval Academy" strike out
the words "clerk to commandant of midshipmen
and."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to ask my colleague
if that would not cut off a clerk?
Mr. HALE. That is ail.
Mr. LYNCH. I hope that in every instance
where there are reductions the House will
concur with the Senate, for to my certain
knowledge there are in the navy-yards a
great many sinecure clerks employed, not
because the Secretary of the Navy desires
to have them employed, but because they
are pressed upon him by members of Con-
gress. 1 know that in some of the navy-
yaids there are many sinecures, and many are
included m this bill which ought not to be.
I Called my colleague's attention to this fea-
ture of (he bill at the time it was reported.
If 1 had been here when tke bill was before
the* House I should have tried to have some
clerkships stricken out. I hope that wherever
the Senate have made reductiqns of force ia
any of the navy-yards the House will concur
in the reduction. There is already iu this bill
more than twenty-five thousand dollars appro-
priated for sinecure clerks at navy-yards that
the Secretary of the Navy does not desire to
employ, and would not but for the pressure
brought to bear on him by members of Con-
gress.
Mr. HALE. I would simply say that I
should be very glad if this can be done, but
the Senate struck out this provision and sent
over no papers, and we have no information
on the subject. We therefore recommend
concurrence because no reason has been given
by the Senate for striking out.
Mr. LYNCH. I know nothing about this
particular clerkship, but I do know that some
of the clerkships provided for here are sine-
cures.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Commander
Worden, whose eyes were nearly destroyed iu
that famous fight in Hampton Roads, came
before the committee and showed the neces-
sity of having this clerk. The committee
were satisfied that in his case it was fully
necessary.
Mr. LYNCH. That may be so in this case,
but 1 desire to say that in every instance where
a chief accountant and receiver are employed
they have no duties to perform, and the receiver
has simply to receive his pay. The Secretary
of the Navy told me that he would nothave
appointed them but for the pressure brought
to bear on him by members of Congress. I
say that all these sinecure officers ought to be
stricken from the bill.
Mr. HALE. I hope the vote will now be
taken.
The question was put; and the amendment
of the Senate was non-coiieurred in.
The Clerk read the thirty-first amendment,
as follows:
In section two, lines twenty and twenty-one, strike
out the words "all net proceeds of." and insert in
lieu thereof " the total amount received 011;" so that
it shall read : " and the Secietary of the Navy shall,
at the opening of each session of Congress, make a
full leport to Congress of his acts under the author-
ity given by this section, which report shall contain
a statement of all vessels and materials sold, the
parties bujing the same, and the amount realized
therelrom, together with such other facts as may bo
necessary to a fall understanding of his acts; and
the total amount, received on sueh sales shall be
covered into the United Stales Treasury."
The Committee 011 Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 hope if that amendment
is not to be concurred in some reason will be
given for it. It seems to be a clear proposi-
tion that the total amount received shall be
covered into the Treasury.
Mr. HALE. 1 think 1 can explain it to the
gentleman so that he will-seevery clearly that
the amendment ought not to be concurred iu.
These private sales are so regulated as that a
full report is made to the Department as to
what was the value of the property sold, but in
every in'stanee where a private sale has taken
place the expenses have been paid out of the
money received as the Department goes along ;
otherwise the Secretary would have 110 fund
to pay the expenses of these sales, and would
have to make a regular estimate ill advance of
what it would cost. The provision is so guarded
that the whole net amount is to go into the
Treasury, and the reports will show the total
amount to Congress and the country.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me still that
this amendment ought to be consideied as pre-
venting an appiopriation of money here by the
Department of the Government without any
authority of Congress to the amount of the
sum expended in making the sale. I see no
reason why estimates cannot be made for all
these expenses just as well as for the other
expenses of the Government. 1 his question
lias been before Congress this session, and il
has created more bitter feeling than almost any
other. I ask that the portion of this section
affected by this amendment be now read, so
that we may know just exactly the connection.
The Clerk read the portion of the section
referred to; the part to be stricken out is in-
dicated by being in brackets, and the part to
be inserted being in italics:
And the Seoretaryof the Navy shall, at the open-
ing of each session of Congress, make a, full report
to Congress of his acts under the authority given by
this section, which report shall contain a statement
ot all vessels and materials sold, the parties buying
the same, and tho araounfc realized theretrom,
together with such other facts as may be necessary
to a full understanding of his acts; and (31) [all net
proceeds of ] the total amount received on such sales
shall bo covered into the United States Treasury.
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 do not propose to be
captious over this matter, but i do desire that
the question may be understood. For that
purpose I ask that the first part of this section
may be read.
The Clerk read-as follows:
Src. 2. That the Secretary of the Navy be, and is
horeby, authorized and directed to sell, at public
sale, such vessels and materials of tho United States
Navy as in his judgment cannot bo advantageously
used, repaired, or fitted out: Provided, That bofoie
any such sale shall be made, public notice shall be
given by advertisement in some leading newspaper
or nowspapers in at least four of the principalities
of tho united States, which advertisement shu.ll
state the number of vessels and tho amount of mate-
rials proposed to ) o «old, with a description thereof
so far as tho same shall bo practicable, together with
the Citne and place when and where such vessels aud
materials can be seen and examined.
Mr. HOLMAN. The power here is con-
ferred upon the Secretary of the Navy to
make these sales and to pay the uet proceeds
into the Treasury. The Senate propose to
amend so as to require him to pay the gross
proceeds into the Treasury. The question
before the House is whether the net proceeds
or the gross proceeds shall be paid into the
Treasury. If we require him to-pay only the
net proceeds, what power has Congress to
control the expenditure of the money thus
received? I still insist that when any prop-
erty is sold the total proceeds shall be eovcred
into the Treasury; and if money is to be ex-
pended it shall be appropriated according to
the Constitution, and that any other course is
in violation of the spirit of the Constitution.
Mr. HALE. I see the point which the gen-
tleman has in his mind, JJut the Secretary is
so hedged in and carefully guarded thatnothing
improper can be done.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate ; and it was con-
curred in.
The fifteenth amendment of the Senate was
in the following clauRe :
Tkat laborers shall be employed in the several
navy-yards by the proper oiheers in charge without
dictation from political committees, and without
regard to their political sentiments.
The amendment w&s to strike out all after
the words '"proper officers in charge," and 10
insert in lieu thereof the words "with refer-
ence to skill and efficiency, and without regard
to other considerations.''
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence, with an amendment adding
the following:
To enable the Secretary of tho Navy to carry on
his experiments toward converting heavy smooth-
bore guns into rilled guns, with a view to obtain a
combination gun poshe.^tng the qualities ot both
smooth-bore and  ifl< , $40,000 ; and ior enabUng tho
Senrfttary of the Navy to secure effective means tor
projecting, guiding, and operating toipcdoes at long
distances iroin the ship or shore, &>130,0U0, no uioncj
to be paid except for means found to be succe&dul
on trial.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and the amendment, as amended,
concurred in.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the various
votes upon the amendments of the Senate;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OUDKK OF liUSlNlSSJi
Mr. DAWES. 1 move that the rules be
