1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2501
wished to succeed ray friend in the office of
Senator which he so well fills, offer him
$5,000 a year to resign, as I would pay a judge
for retiring from an office that he ought to
retire from for the public interests, in order to
induce him to it.
The judge in the case that my honorable
friend from Illinois supposed has not lost his
property, as he says he may need the office,
by being a judge. A judgeship is not a specu-
lative office ; a judgeship is not a place where
a man is liable to lose what he has because he
is a judge; and, therefore, if after this short
time he finds himself unable to perform its
duties, and is poor, he will not be any poorer
than he was when he took the office; he will
be just as well off as he was before; and if he
was in any other business, as at the bar, if you
please, and got so sick that he could not be a
judge, he would have got so sick that he could
not be a lawyer, and therefore he could not
return to his profession in either case.
No, Mr. President, the very illustration my
friend has put, as it appears to me, shows the
utter fallacy of this kind of contrivance to buy
men to get out of the places the Constitution
says you cannot get them out of without their
consent. That is the whole of it; and I be-
lieve it is wrong in principle entirely.
Mr. CONKLiNG. I wish to answer one
question put by the Senator from Illinois. He
asked once or twice wnat will you do if a man
13 appointed and two years afterward he be-
comes disabled and will not go out? Well.
Mr. President, when we come across a man
(using the phrase of the Senator from Wis-
consin) dishonored and dishonest enough to
do such a thing as that—I believe we have had
no such one in our history yet—we will do just
what we always would have done from the
foundation of the Government to this day;
just as we did in the better case in Texas,
that of Judge Watrous. We will legislate when
such an extraordinary occurrence happens, if
it ever does, in accordance with the require-
ments of the occasion, in place of guesting
beforehand about what might possibly happen,
and provide for that, and then along with it pro-
vide for a hundred other cases that ought not
to be provided for. That is the way I should
do in the case the Senator puts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, to strike out 11 ten" and insert "five"
in the amendment adopted as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CAMERON. I have paired on this
question with the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Ferry.]
Mr. SCOTT. I am paired with the Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton.] If he
were present he would vote against this
amendment, and I should vote for it.
The result was then announced—yeas 19,
nays 22; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Colo, Cooper, Davis of
West Virginia, Fenton, Hill, Logan. Morrill of
Maine Morrill of Vermont, Osborn. Pomeroy, Kam-
sey, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart, Thurman, Trum-
bull, West, and Wmdom 19. _
^AYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Blair, Boreman,
Caldwell, Casserly. Chandler, Clayton, Conkling,
Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of .Michigan, Goldthwaito,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamiin, Harlan, Hltcneoek,
Johnson, Kelly, Norwood, Pratt, and saulsbury—'Jl.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cragin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, irelmg-
huysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pool,
Kice, Robertson, Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Sprague,
Stevenson. Stockton, Sumner,Tipton, Vickers, \V ll-
son, and Wright—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. The amendment just agreed
to, in my judgment, changes the whole char-
acter of this bill. I should have voted for the
passage of the bill as it was reported by the
committee, because I would be willing to fur-
nish the machinery by which a judge disabled
could be allowed to retire from that service
which he could no longer perform, and with-
out the sacrifice of his salary, to the end that
some man might be put in his place who could
discharge the duties of the office, and so earn
his salary ; but I have no idea of voting for a
pension bill, and especially for a pension bill
to an officer who has only rendered ten years'
service. This is no longer a bill to provide
for the public service, which I regarded to be
the object of the original bill; but it is a bill to
grant a pension to an officer who has rendered
service for a very limited number of years. I
shall therefore vote against the bill as itstands.
Mr. SCOTT. On the final passage of this
bill I am paired with the Senator from New
Jersey, Mr. Stockton, who, if present, would
vote against the bill, while I should vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Caldwell, Hill, Morrill
of Maine, Osborn, Pomeroy, Kamsey, Sawyer, Sher-
man. Tliurtnan, and Trumbull—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Boreman,
Casserly, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Cragin,
Davis of West Virginia, Edmuuds, Fenton, Ferry
of Michigan, (Joldthwaue, Hamilton 01 Texas, Ham-
lin, XIarlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Kelly,
Logan, Norwood, Patterson, Pratt, Saulsbury, and
Windom—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Corbett, Davis
of Kentucky, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Fre-
linghuysen, Gilbert, Haimltonof Maryland,Kellogg.
Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pool,
Rice, Robertson, Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton,
Vickers, West, Wilson, and Wright—3-i.
So the bill was rejected.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HITCHCOCKsubmiited au amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 165-1) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies m the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government tor the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and for former years, and
for other purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
TAX TITLES IN INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to
proceed with the consideration of House bill
No. 106.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 106)
for the relief of purchasers of lands sold tor
direct taxen in the insurrectionary States.
The first section provides that no owner, his
heirs or assigns, of any land sold _ for taxes
under the provisions of the act entitled "An
act for the collection of direct taxes in the in-
surrectionary districts within the United States,
and for other purposes," approved June 7,
1802, and of the acts amendatory thereof, shall
be permitted to recover the same m any action
or proceeding against the purchaser at such
sale, his heirs or assigns, without showing in
addition to other necessary facts that all taxes,
costs, and penalties due npon the land at the
time of the sale have been paid by him or them,
or bringing into court and depositing with the
clerk, lor the use of the United States, the
amount with interest of the taxes and penal-
ties due to the United States ou account of the
land vvhen sold, together with all the costs and
expenses of the sale, which sum, in case of the
recovery of the laud by such owner, his heirs
or assigns, shall be paid by the clerk into the
Treasury of the United States.
The second section provides that iu all cases
where the owner of any land thus sold for
taxes, his heirs or assigns, shall recover the
same from the purchaser, his heirs or assigns,
without collusion on his or their part, by the
judgment of any court of competent jurisdic-
tion, by reason of a failure, without his or their
fault or neglect, of the title of the purchaser
derived from the tax sale, the Secretary of the
Treasury, on the payment into the Treasury,
by the clerk, of the money deposited with him,
and on being satisfied that any purchaser, his
heirs or assigns, without his or their collusion,
has been evicted from or turned out of posses-
sion of any such land by the judgment of any
court of competent jurisdiction, in the manner
before mentioned, is authorized, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to repay to the person or persons
entitled thereto a sum of money equal to that
originally paid by the purchaser of the land
so recovered, if the same has been paid into
the Treasury.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with au amendment: in section two,
lines four and five, to strike out the words
"court of competent juiisdiction" and insert
" United States court;" and in lines twelve
and thirteen, to strike out " court of compe-
tent jurisdiction " and insert " United States
court."
Mr. JOHNSTON. I think the bill is better
in the original form than as it is proposed to
be amended. The words in the bill are " court
of competent jurisdiction." The committee
propose to strike them out and substitute
•' United States court." I think we had
better leave the bill as the House passed it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That matter was fully
discussed in the Committee on the Judiciary,
and we had the same thing up a year ago when
the House passed the bill as it is now and the
Senate refused to agree to it, and we had a
committee of conference upon it, and I am
very free to say that 1 would never consent
myself that on a judgment of the State courts
in the insurrectionary States moneys should
be taken out of the T reasury, or on the judg-
ment of the State courts anywhere. 1 think
it is far enough to go to say that when our own
courts decide that the title has failed, the party
may be permitted to recover his money out of
the Treasury. To open the Treasury of the
United States to the decisions of the State
courts I do not think would be proper, and I
would not vote myself for the bill as it passed
the House of Representatives. Unless it be
amended so that it will require a judgment of
the United States courts upon the title, I do
not think the bill ought to pass.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the amendment
of the committee will not be concurred in.
The first effect of the amendment is this, that
wherever the property is of less value than
$500 the man would lose it and^could not get
his money back at all. because if the property
is worth less than $500 no Federal court has
original jurisdiction of it. So that when a man
has bought property from the United States,
which the United States holds by a void tax
sale, and has paid the United States for itand
the money has gone into the Treasury, and the
title of the United Stales turnsout to be utterly
worthless, good for nothing, and it has got the
man's money for nothing, because he is a poor
man and his property is worth less than 5500,
he cannot be refunded at all one cent ot the
money that he has paid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me inquire of the
Senatbr from Ohio if it requires Jj>600 to give
a United States court jurisdiction of a question
an sin" under a law ot the United States?
Mr.°THURMAN. It does where it is real
estate. It has to be averred in every declara-
tion in ejectment in the United States courts,
and it has to be proved, too, that the property
is of the value of $500 ; so that the first effect
of this amendment is to bear right down upon
the men who need the benefit of this act more
than anybody else, poor men, men whose prop-
erty is not worth $500. But that is not all.
