1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1605
I say he directs the physician that does pre-
scribe for the sick man.
Mr. MORTON. Oh, no.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don, for he does. I know all about it. He
employs the physician; he employs every
physician in these hospitals. My statement
was, would you like a clerk who knew nothing
about medicine to suggest the physician who
should prescribe for you ? The Secretary
appoints of course, but he appoints on the
recommendation of this surgeon, and has ap-
pointed every man on his recommendation.
Mr. MORTON. I will say that I would
much sooner vote to abolish the office than to
increase the salary. I remember one argu-
ment that was used in favor of creating this
office, that it was necessary to have some one
to go around to the hospitals to prevent their
drawing greater supplies than they ought to,
and there were some abuses alleged to exist
of that kind which would be prevented by a
visiting officer; and I think that his principal
duty is in traveling about pleasantly, having
scarcely anything to do where he goes, and
getting his expenses paid for him.
I was about to remark tliat there are more
than twice the number of these hospitals to-day
that there ought to be. I happened to hear
that question canvassed some two or three
years ago, and it was then alleged that at least
two thirds of them ought to be abolished, and
now I hold in my hand the report of this officer
for the last year, and I think that more than
half the hospitals put down for the month of
June, 1871, and for the corresponding month
of 1870, (and as that would be a sickly season,
perhaps it would fairly represent the whole
year,) had not a single patient in them. Others,
again, had five, and nine, and another, one.
Here is one in Boston that had sixty-eight, and
there are some others in Massachusetts that
had not a patient in them.
Mr. LOGAN. That is not the fault of this
surgeon. These hospitals were erected by
Congress and provided for by Congress, with-
out having a surgeon to recommend, but if the
Senator will talk with the Secretary of the
Treasury, lie will find that this very supervis-
ing surgeon has recommended not only a
different arrangement from this, but the abo-
lition of many hospitals. In fact he recom-
mends pavilion hospitals and changing the
whole system in order to save, probably, mil-
lions of dollars to the Government for build-
ings. It is true that many of these hospitals
have no patients and have not had ; some of
them never did have a patient in them; but
the property is in the charge of this man until
something is done with it by the Govern-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. The report gives the num-
ber, rarely above a dozen, in any hospital; in
a great many none at all; others have one ;
and the duties cannot be very laborious of
supervising these hospitals.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will look at
the whole number of patients he will find that
they amounted last year to seventy-two hun-
dred and fifty-seven.
Mr. MORTON. That is the whole number
throughout the year; but I find, taking any
single month, the highest number given was
less than a thousand scattered through all the
different hospitals.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly they are scattered.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to proceed? I do not "want to occupy the
attention of the Senate but a very short time.
The whole amount of money disbursed by
this officer, so loaded down by responsibility,
last year was $192,000. 1 think I might
safely say that there are three or four hundred
clerks getting $1,400, $1,600, and $1,800 a
year here in Washington whose responsibili-
ties are ten times greater in every sense.
Mr. LOGAN. It is not the responsibility
of disbursing money; it is the responsibility
of life. The disbursing of money has nothing
to do with it. Ho disbursed that amount; but
the Senator will see by looking at the report
that in disbursing that money he saved over
forty thousand dollars in six months. The
Senator will find that $40,000 was saved from
the expenditures of the previous six months
with the same number of patients by reducing
the price per day of patients and by changing
the surgeons in the different hospitals. That
much money was saved to this Government by
this officer in six months on the mere question
as to whether you will treat sick people with a
physician or with a clerk.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to make a state-
ment in relation to the report of this officer.
It is certainly calculated to mislead the Senate.
When I heard the Senator from Indiana speak
of Massachusetts, and refer to eight or nine
hospitals in Massachusetts, I knew at once
there was some error in it, because my knowl-
edge made me acquainted with the fact that
there was but one marine hospital in Massa-
chusetts. When I took up this document and
referred to it, I found there were some twelve
or fifteen marine hospitals put down in the
State of Maine. There are no such thing, and
I do not imagine that the gentleman who made
this report meant to convey that idea, though
certainly the Senator from Indiana was enti-
tled to draw precisely that inference from what
was said. Now, I desire to say that there is
one marine hospital in Maine; there is one
marine hospital in Massachusetts; and there
is but one in each of those States.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will allow me
a moment, I think I can explain that so that
he can understand it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think I understand all
about it, and I got up for the very purpose of
explaining it to the Senate. That was the very
object of my getting on my feet. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, there is one marine hospital in
Maine. In Bangor, the place where I reside,
I find here a report "in hospital, June 30."
There is no hospital there. Now; what is the
practical method of treating and taking care
of your infirm seamen, or those who, in the
language of the law, are entitled to hospital
supplies? I will take this very case. I
reside one hundred and thirty miles from the
hospital in Maine. There were two sailors, it
seems, there at some period of time who fell
into such a condition that they wanted relief,
and the collector of that port provided that
relief for them; he provided for-quarters for'
them. To-morrow two other sailors will want
relief, and he will relieve them. They are not
chronic cases; they are cases where but a little
medical treatment and a little supply is wanted,
and he furnishes the supplies temporarily, if
they were chronic cases, he would send them
to Portland. That is precisely what this long
list of hospitals means. It does not mean
hospital buildings, but it means that sailors
are receiving hospital supplies at these various
ports; and that is all it means.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not know that any per-
son misunderstood the report. I was going to
say this: I know how it is in my own State ;
we have a hospital at Galena, and one at Chi-
cago, and at Cairo we have a marine hospital;
but in regard to many of these sick persons,
the supervising surgeon employs certain per-
sons to take care of them at so much a day,
and furnish medicines, &c. So it is, I sup-
pose, in Bangor. In reference to the collect-
ors, they are instructed by the supervising
surgeon, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to furnish supplies to certain
perspns, and board, and so on, and the ac-
counts are audited by this surgeon; and that
is what they call a hospital.
Mr. HAMLIN. Precisely.
Mr. LOGAN. They are hospitals, not hos-
pital buildings. There is a very great differ-
ence between a hopital building and a hospital.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not know what con-
stitutes a hospital in the Senators view.
Mr. LOGAN. A hospital may be out in
the open air; it may be under a tent; it may
be in a barn; it may be anywhere. It only
means a place where you take care of sick";
that is all the word "hospital" means. It
does not mean a house. A hospital is just as
much a hospital out in the open air as any-
where, if you can take care of the sick there.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I suppose by that all
of God's broad domain is a hospital, [laugh-
ter ;] and that being the case, the Government
need not hereafter have any marine hospitals
in New York or any other large port.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will allow
me, if all of God's people are sick at the same
time and cared for, then all of God's domain
is a hospital. That is all there is to that.
Mr. HAMLIN. I rose for the pui-pose of
explaining an error which I think the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Mortox] almost necessa-
rily fell into in reading this report, that there
was established at each of the ports of entry
and delivery in the State of Maine a hospital,
by which I mean a hospital building; but all
there is in it is simply this, that at those points
the sailors are provided for.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I think
this matter has been debated long enough to
enable every Senator to make up his mind
upon it. I therefore move that the amend-
ment to the amendment lie on the table.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion for a moment to enable me
to make a statement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pohe-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
moves that the amendment to the amendment
lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Indi-
ana appeals to me to withdraw the motion,
and I will do so for the present.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Maine
says that I fell into an error in giving the
number of hospitals. If it is an error, the
error is upon the part of this officer whose
salary it is sought to raise, because he begins
his report thus: "Location of hospitals."
That is the head of the column. Then he
goes on to give in Massachusetts some twelve.
He gives in Maine some twelve; and the
Senator from Maine says there but two in.the
State.
Mr. HAMLIN. But one.
Mr. MORTON. But one in the State. And
he gives one in my State, and I think, so far
as I know, at the place where that hospital is
put down there has been none for five years.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the amendment to the
amendment lie on the table.
The question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays. That will save the necessity of a count.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to> inquire if my
amendment is an amendment to an amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understands.
Mr. LOGAN. Then the motion of the Sen-
ator is to lay my proposition on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio now moves to lay the Senator's
amendment to the amendment on the table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Chandler, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hitchcock, Kelly, Morton, I>oin®i,py, Saulsbury.
Scott, Sherman. Stockton, and Viokers—lo.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Caldwell, Cameron, Car-
penter, Clayton, Cooklinff, Cooper, Corbcti, La-
muncte, denton, Perry of Michigan, 1< ianagan, Har-
lan, Hill, Kellogg,Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Usborn, Kice. Sawyer, Scliurz, Spencer, Sprague,
Stevenson. Tipton, West Wmdom, and Wright—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Amthony, 13ayarat
