1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
4298
was a larger proportion of the estimate than
was granted in many other instances. The
engineer department thought they could get
along very well this year with that amount,
and the Senate committee unanimously con-
curred with, the House committee in recom-
mending that $50,000 be allowed. I hope the
increase will not be voted, and that the report
of the committee will be sustained.
Mr. PRATT. Is it in order for mc to sub-
mit a single remark more?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unani-
mous consent, not otherwise.
Mr. PRATT. I put this solely upon the
ground that the State of Indiana has never
been the beneficiary of the General Govern-
ment except as to a single harbor upon Lake
Michigan, where the appropriations for more
than a quarter of a century do not amount to
$150,000. This is the only aid she has asked
in behalf of her great river.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. PRATT. I call for a division.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator,
as the Senate is thin now, as it was when the
vote was taken on my amendment, that he
had better defer it until the Senate is fuller.
Then the vote can be taken on the two, aud
if we hitch teams we can probably cany both
measures.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ Does the
Senator from Indiana insist on dividing the
Senate at this time ?
Mr. PRATT. No, sir, not now; but when
the Senate is fuller I shall ask for another vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is not agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move to amend the bill
on page 11, line two hundred and fifty-seven,
by striking out" ten" and inserting " twenty
so that the clause will read:
For the improvement of the Delaware river
between Trenton and Bordentown, New Jersey,
$20,000.
If the Senate will give me their attention
for a single moment, 1 am sure they will not
fail to concur in the action which they took last
year on this subject. The Senate more than a
year ago, after having sent a United States
engineer to make a survey of this point, and
after that engineer had reported that $20,000
was necessarry to remove a very serious ob-
struction to the navigation of the river, voted
that $20,000 with a great unanimity. That
appropriation was stricken out in the confer-
ence committee, and the result was that we
have not received one single dollar for that
improvement. Now the House sends us this
bill containing an appropriation of $10,000.
The engineer reported that $20,000 was neces-
sary to do one year's work. The Senate said
that sum was necessary and voted it. The
House struck it out in conference, and now
in the following year comes and offers us
$10,000. ♦
Every one knows that when a United States
engineer states what is necessary to do a cer-
tain piece of work, the only question left is,
not can we do it cheaper, but how important
is the work? Shall we spend that money upon
it? Is it worth while undertaking it? But,
sir, to undertake a work of this sort without
the proper appropriation, is simply a waste of
money. You had better not appropriate any-
thing than $10,000, for it is simply a waste of
that amount, and we shall have to come back
and ask again. Colonel Kurtz, a very distin-
guished engineer officer, in his report to the
Secretary of War, says, page 708:
" The eity of Trenton, at the head of the tide-
water of the Delaware, is specially interested in
this improvement. This city is situated in a very
fertile district of country, and by means of its turn-
pikes, railroads, and canals, gathers in largo quan-
tities of grain, coal, and iron from the surrounding
regions. Its manufactures are varied and extensive,
the yearly products being of the value of $12,000,000
or §13,000,000. Iron, including hardware, stoves,
&e„ amounts* to $2,200,000 annually; dry goods,
$2,000,000; potteries, 8690,000; stone and marble,
$400,000; bricks. $340,000; boots, shoes, harness,
soap, candles, &c., over $2,000,000.
" The desired improvement of the river would
open its channel for the transportation of these and
other products of industry, and would add another
and cheap means of transit for the distribution of
these staples of life to their markets of consump-
tion."
He then goes on to give a detailed account
of the work, and says :
" In conclusion, the improvement of the e&8t
channel, at Periwig Island, is recommended as most
advisable, at an estimated cost of $75,000, and of
this amount tbe sum of $20,000 is asked for the ser-
vioe of the fiscal year ending June JO, 1872."
That sum was granted by the Senate, was
struck out in conference, and we have never
had one single cent. I ask the chairmau of
the committee whether it is wise to make so
small an appropriation as this. I do not blame
the eommittee for accepting the suggestion of
the House, because they had no other informa-
tion. Probably their attention has not been
called to this report. When this matter was
np before, more than afyear ago, I said to the
Senate:
" I offer an amendmentto eom« in after the thirty-
fifth line of the first section, on page 2 :
" For the improvement of the Delaware river above
Bordentown and between Bordontown and Trenton,
New Jersey, $20,000."
I then referred to the report of Colonel
Kurtz, and stated to the Senate at that time
the importance of this work, concluding as
follows:
" Permit me, Mr. President, to say one other word.
I desire to make no allusion to sums granted to
other States, for they may need much larger sums
tha.n we need ; but from the foundation oi the G-ov-
ernmentto the present day I am informed that the
whole sum that the United States has ever spent tor
a river or a harbor in New Jersey is $38,000, and we
have, as you are aware, one of the largest sea-coasts
for the areaof our State of any State in this Union,
with some of the finest and most beautiful rivers
running into it."
It was upon this application, upon this state-
ment of facts, more than a year ago, that you
did grant $20,000 for this improvement. Now,
I ask if that appeal can be resisted ? I ask
what reason the committee can give when this
matter is now, for the first time during this
session, called to their attention for resisting
this appropriation? Is it said that if the re-
ports of ihe engineers were followed, this would
be a bill appropriating $19,000,000 where
we are now only appropriating $5,000,000?
That does not answer my proposition, for the
engineer made this report two years ago. The
appropriation was agreed to by the Senate a
year ago, and you are simply asked, inasmuch
as it was struck out in the conference commit-
tee lastyear, now, when your attention is called
to it, not to let the appropriation be reduced
to a sum totally inadequate to commence this
work with. I sincerely hope the amendment
will prevail.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from New Jersey,
who is irresistible in his appeals, both on ac-
count of their logicand their oratory, succeeded
in getting an appropriation of $20,000 a year
or two ago for this purpose ; but now he ism the
same dilemma with the Senator from Indiana:
there is no estimate whatever even for an ap-
propriation of $10,000 in the book of esti-
mates. We have a corps of mostexcellent aud
skillful engineers who make their estimates
upon these improvements, and, as stated by
the Senator from Michigan, and I have no doubt
truthfully, they have estimated for improve-
ments amounting to $19,000,000, of which only
$5,000,000 are included in this bill; but even
in their estimates for $19,000,000 they have
not included this improvement, aud I judge,
therefore, it was not regarded by the officers
of the Government having the matter iu charge
as very essential at this time.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not know what the
Senator from California means by saying that
there is no estimate for this.
Mr. COLE. In the book of estimates on
which these bills are made up.
■ Mr. STOCKTON. Who makes up that book
of estimates?
Mr. COLE, It is made ia the Depart-
ments.
Mr. STOCKTON. Jf this is not included,
the reason is manifest. It is for,the same
reason that the House have sent us an appro-
priation of $10,000, It is -because tbis thing
was done two years ago, and was recommended
two years ago, and the Department did not
consider it necessary to recommend it again.
Let me read from the report of this officer to
the Secretary of War, which was sent .to the
Senate:
"The river is navigable for twelve feet of water at
low tide, up as far as the root of Newbold's Island,
(a little below Bordentown,) where in passing from
twelve feet in the south channel to twelve feet in
the north channel a ridge must be crossed on which
there are but five feet at low water. From this point
six l'eet of water ean .be had at low water up to the
Trenton bridge, except at one position, namely,
Periwig Island, three miles below the bridge, where
a sho.al about eight hundred yards in length must be
passed over, having only three feet of water on it.
This shoal is the only serious obstacle to the navi-
gation of the Delaware river in the region in Ques-
tion. There were formerly two channels over it—sn,e
by the west side of Periwig Island, the-other on the
east side.
" The former channel now affords hardly two feet
of water, and is too narrow tor use. The latter,
which has been in use for thirty years or more, is
deeper and has more width, but is curved rather
sharply in its down-stream portion.''
• *««*«••••
"The commerce of the river requires a channel-way
of two hundred feet wide. Much of it is conducted
in tows of canal-boats, which have a breast of three
or more boats, and these need room to pass each
other iu the channel. It is proposed, then, to ex-
cavate a cut through the shoal so as to affoid a depth
of six feet, with a width of two hundred feet at low
water."
Now comes the estimate:
This cut will require the removal of one hundred and
forty thousand cubic yards of gravel, bowlders,
<fec.. estimated to cost fifty cents per cubic yard,
or $70,000
Below Newbold's Island a cut two hundred
feet wide, seven hundred feet long, and one
foot deep, is needed, five thousand cubic
yards, at forty cents per yard  2.000
Add for supervision, surveys, and office ex-
penses   3,000
Total $75,000
Then he adds in conclusion that $20,000
ought to be appropriated for that year. So I
insist upon it that the only reason why this
was not included in the estimates was that it
had already been done, aud therefore was not
deemed necessary. It was not unfinished
business; it was finished business of the
Department.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I trust this
modest request of the State of New Jersey
will be complied with. My colleague and my-
self have looked over tbis bill, and all that we
ask, although there is much more that we
require, is an increase of $10,000. This is to
perfect the navigation between the capital of
the State of New Jersey and that great com-
mercial metropolis, Philadelphia. Pennsyl-
vania is interested in it; all the people along
the Delaware are interested in it; and I think
the Senate ought to concede this moderate
request. We look at the appropriations that
are made for the western States, hundreds of
thousands of dollars to improve their waters,
and we have no jealousy. We rejoice to see
them prosper, and recognize the fact that as
a new country they probably need developing
more than the older States, and I trust, inas-
much as the report of the engineer shows that
$20,000 is necessary for this work, the Senate
will not put us off with half the sum, and so
really destroy this most essential and important
improvement.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is true the engineers
have requested but half of $20,000 this year.
This work is dredging, and $10,000 will do a
good deal of dredging. The committee of
the other House gave very careful considera-
tion to all these matters, and consulted with
the engineers as to the smallest amount the
different works could get along with, and the
engineers finally decided that they could get
along this year with $10,000 for this work.
The eommittee of the Senate concurred witk
