7.10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
tim<\ The commencement of the legal pro-
ceedings is the finding of th  bill of indict-
ment, and if it 1m found within five years the
man may be an ested any time within ten years
if he can '>e found.
Mr. COX. I am not convinced by the argu-
ment of ihe gentleman. The indictment m*j
be found at any time, and the man may be
absent.
Mr. POLAND. I have no objection to the
amendment being offered.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment offered by Mr. Cox was
agreed to.
The amendment reported by the committee,
to strike out ''four years'' and insert "five
year"," whs then agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossi d and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WITNKSSKS IN ICXTltAPITIO.M CASK!?.
Mr. POLAND, from the fame committee,
reported a bill (LI. K. No. 1331) rel.iting to
witnesses for respondents in extradition cases,
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be pngro«sed und rend :t third time.
'1 he bill was read, i' provides that when-
ever any person shall be apprehended and
brought, before any judge or commissioner
upon a. chat go of crime committed within the
jurisdiction of a foieign (ioi eminent, and such
poison shall prove by affidavit, or otherwise,
to the satisfaction ot such judge or commis-
sioner, that the testimony of any witnesses
within the jurisdiction of such judge or corn-
mi fci'itier is material to his defense before
such judge or commissioner, and that he is
('dually unable to p;iy the fees of such wit-
nesses. such judge or commissioner shall duly
cer ity 'o the marshal of the district the names
and io-idi'nftes of such witnesses, and the
legal foes due to each for travel and attend-
ance, and also the name of the officer sum-
moning said witnesses, and his legal fees there-
for, and said sums shall be allowed to the mar-
shal on settlement of his accounts at the
Treasury, and the marshal shall then pay the
amount to the persons entitled thereto.
Mr. POLAND. I do not desire to take up
any time in explaining this bill unless some
gentleman desires it.
The bill was ordered lo be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERPETUATION Of TICSTXMOSY.
Mr. POLAND also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it, do pass, the bill (ti. it. No. i!8G)
to perpetuate testimony in the courts of the
"United Stales.
fhe bill was read.
The first section provides that any person
who is a party to a suit pending in any court
of the United States, or who has any interest
in any matter which is or may be the subject
of a suit in auy court of the United States,
may cause the testimony of any witness, mate-
rial to 11ii;i in the prosecution or defense of
such suit, to be taken conditionally and to be
perpetuated,
second section provides that upon pro-
ducing to any justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States, circuit or district judge
thereof, register in bankruptcy, or to auy com-
missioner appointed by the circuit courts of
the United States to take acknowledgments
of bail and affidavits, due proof by affidavit,
first, that the applicant is a party to a suit
actually pending in sotne court of the United
States, or that such applicant has an interest
in some matter which is or may be the subject
of suit in such court; and, secondly, that the
testimony of any witness within the district
where the officer to whom such application is
made resides, is material and necessary to the
prosecution or defense of such suit; and,
thirdly, if such suit be not actually com-
menced, that the party having an interest ad-
verse to the applicant is of full age, with the
name and residence of such party, such officer
shall appoint a place within the district where
such witness resides, at a time not less than
ten days from the date of such order, for the
examination of such witness.
The third section provides that upon the ap-
plication of the party desiring such examina-
tion, such officer shall issue a summons to the
witness designated in the original affidavit,
x-equiring him to appear and testify at the time
and place appointed, which summons shall be
served by, first, showing to the witness the
original summons, under the hand of the judge
or officer issuing the same; secondly, deliver-
ing to such witness a copy of said summons;
and thirdly, paying or tendering to such wit-
ness the same foes and mileage as are allowed
to witnesses in suits pending in the district
courts of the United States.
Section four provides that after satisfactory
evidence by affidavit shall be given to such
officer that a copy of the order directing such
examination, and of the affidavits upon which
such order was issued, have, been duly and
personally served upon the party to such suit,
if one be pending, or on the persons named
in the original affidavit as having an interest
adverse to the applicant, if no suit be pend-
ing, at least, ten days before the time therein
appointed for such examination if such party
or persons reside in the district, in illicit such
examination is appointed to take place, and at.
least thirty days before such time if said party
or persons, or any of them, reside without said
district, he shall procecd, ou the day appoint-
ed, and on such other days to which the matter
shall be from time to lime adjourned, or may
be necessary, to take the deposition of such
witness conditionally.
It is provided by the fifth section that the
officer taking such deposition shall insert
therein every answer or declaration of the
witness examined which either party shall
require to be included therein. The deposi-
tion, when completed, shall be carefully read
to and subscribed by the witness; shall be
certified by the officer taking the same ; :,nd
within thirty days thereafter shall be filed iu
the office of the clerk of the district in which
such suit is pending; or if no suit be pending,
then of sucli district as the officer granting the
order for such examination shall appoint, and
which district shall be specified in such order.
There shall bo filed with the said deposition
the original order for the examination ox the
witness, and the affidavits on which the same
was founded, and those proving the service of
such order.
The sixth section provides that the original
affidavits tiled with such deposition, or a certi-
fied copy thereof, shall be presumptive evidence
of the facts therein contained to show a com-
pliance with the provisions of this act.
Section seven provides that if any person
shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time
and place mentioned in the summons issued
in accordance with this act, or if upon his
appearance be shall refuse to testify, he shall
be liable to the same penalties as would be
incurred for a like offen-e on the trial of a
suit, in the district court, of the United States,
which penalties shall be enforced by the dis-
trict court of the district in which such wit
ness shall reside. If such examination shall
continue more than one day, such witness
shall be entitled to receive $1 50 for each
additional dav.
It is provided in section eight that in case
a trial fhill be bad in any court <.f the United
States between the persons named in tho ori-
ginal affidavits as paries, or named thei-rin
as having an interest which may be the sub-
ject of a suit, or between any parties claim-
ing under such persons, or ei her of them, by-
title arising subsequent to the sorviee of the
order for such examination as hereinbefore
provided, upon due proof of the death or
insanity of the witness examined pursuant, to
the foregoing provisions, or of the inability
of the party to produce such witness in court,
the deposition of sucn witness, or a certified
copy tnereof, may be given in evidence by
either party.
Section nine provides that the deposition
so taken and read in evidence shall have the
same effect, and no other, as the oral testi-
mony of the witness would have if given on
such trial; and every objection to the compe-
tency or credibility of such witness, or to the
x-elevancy of any question put lo him, or of
any answer given by him, may be made in the
S'-tme manner as if such witness were person-
ally examined on such trial.
Jt is provided in section ten that any ofBcer
authorized to take the examination of a wit-
ness. according to the provisions of this act,
to v.bom application may be made for that
purpose, may order such examination to bo
liad before any other officer to whom such
application might have been originally made,
re.-.iditig in the same district with the witness
to be examined, and such officer shall proceed
in the premises in the same manner and with
the like power as if the order for examination
had been made by him.
Section eleven provides that depositions
which have been lawfully taken in auy suit
pending in any court of the UnitedStates mar,
in the discretion of the court, be received iu
any subsequent suits between the same parties
or those claiming under them, where the same
subject-matter is in controversy.
Section twelve provides that where the wit-
nesses, whose testimony issouglit to be perpet-
uated, are outof the jurisdiction of the United
States, it shall be lawtul for any circuit or ctis-
trict court,of the United States, uponapplication
and notice as hereinbefore prescribed, to grant
a commission to some officer in the civil or
diplomatic service of the UnitedStates abroad
to take the testimony of such witnesses upon
direct and cross-interrogatories attached to
such commission, for the same purposes and
to be preserved and used in like manner and
with the same effect as the testimony herein-
before authorized to be taken within the United
States.
Mr. POLAND. This, also, is a bill which
was passed by the House in the last Congress
and was favorably reported by the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate, but failed there for.
want of time. It is to provide a mode of per-
petuating testimony. It is a little singular that,
uivlcr the statutes of the United States, the only
mode, of perpetuating the testimony of wit-
nesses is by a proceeding in chancery, which
all lawyers understand is a somewhat awkward
and expensive pi oceeditig to take the testimony
of witnesses.
I may say that this bill was mainly prepared
by Mr. Ferriss, of New York, who was a mem
ber of the last, Congress, and is founded prin-
cipally upou the provisions cf the statutes of
the State of New York. The provisions of
the statutes of the different States are sub-
stantially the same in relation to the mode of
perpetuating testimony ; and there is nothing
iu th^s bill except what is found in most of the
State statutes authorizing the perpetuation of
testimony.
Mr. ELDIUDGn. The suggestion occurred
to my mind, upon hearing the bill read, that
there sliould be a limitation, that this testi-
mony should not be used against a parson who
