3398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the special order.
Mr. BINGAM. I hope not. We have a
special order for the morning hour of to day.
Mr. COBUEN. When the proposition was
made to have the daily sessions of the House
commence at eleven o'clock it was understood
that it was to enable us to have a morning lxour
each day.
Mr. DAWES. The House has assigned most
Of the evenings of this week and next week for
morning hour business. And debate on the
tariff bill has also been limited to Thursday
of this week. Now it is apparent that if we
are to have any consideration of the merits of
the tariff bill we must go into Committee of the
Whole immediately.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the special order
for the morning hour of to day will not be
overslaughed in this way.
Mr. DAWES. The House will recollect
that when the vote was taken yesterday, term-
inating all debate on the tariff bill on Thursday
next, 1 gave notice that I would be compelled
to move to go into Committee of the Whole
immediately after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. BEXTJLT. Pending the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole, 1 move that de-
bate upon the pending section be extended for
lialf an hour.
The question was taken on the motion to
extend the time for debate ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 47, noes 7-1.
Befoie the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BEATTY called for the yeas anil nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
The SPEAKER. The call for yeas and
nays takes precedence of the call for tellers.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, there
being but nine in the affirmative; not one filth
of the last vole.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let us have tellers.
Tellers were not ordered, there being six-
teen in the atlinuative; not one fifth of a
quorum.
Accordingly motion to extend time for
"debate was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
suspend the rules and go into Committee of
the Whole; and being taken, upon a division
there were—ayes 84, noes 30.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BINGHAM called for tellers.
Tellers were oideted; and Mr. dawes and
Mr. Bixgiiam were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 80, noes 42.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the resolving of the House into
Committee of the Whole,
united states coast survey.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, by unanimous consent reported back,
with a recommendation that the same do pass,
the following concurrent resolution ot the
Senate :
Resolved by I he tienutc, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That thcro be printed thirty-live
hundred extia copies ot tho repoit of the Superin-
tendent ot the United States Coast Survey fur 1871,
of which fittcen hundred shall be for the use ol the
House of Representatives, one thousand tor the use
of tho Senate, and one thousand tor the use ot the
Superintendent,
Mr. BEATTY. Has the gentleman fiom
Georgia, [Mr. Prick,] my colleague on the
committee, the floor?
The SPEAKER. Only by uuauimous con-
sent.
Mr. BEATTY. Has lie not the right to
report this resolution?
The SPEAKER. The House is really in
Committee of the Whole, but if there be no
objection the Chair will entertain this resolu-
tion.
There being no objection, the resolution
was considered, and agreed to.
geological survey of territories.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to
report also from the Committee on Printing
the following resolution:
Unsolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring,) That there bo printed and
bound, with maps and other illustrations, fifteen
thousand copies of Professor Ilayden's annual
report of the United States geological survey of the
Territories for 1871, of which nine thousand copies
shall bo for tho use of the House of ltnpresontativos,
three thousand for tho use of tho Senato, fifteen
hundred for the use of tho Secretary of tho Interior,
and fifteen hundrod for distribution by tho Smith-
sonian Institution.
Mr. BROOKS. Can the committee tell
what is to be the cost of this publication ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] object to the recep-
tion of. the resolution?
Mr. BROOKS. • I do, unless I can have a
satisfactory answer to that question?
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution will
not be received.
international penitentiary congress.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senato concurring,) That there be printed live thou-
sand extra copios of the preliminary report of the
commissioner of the United Slates to tho interna-
tional penitentiary congress of London, with accom-
panying documents; one thousand copies to bo for
tho use of tho Sonate. two thousand for tho use of
the Houso, and two thousand for tho State Depart-
ment.
tiiomas li. wallace.
On motion of Mr. COMINGO, by unani-
mous consent, tho bill (S. No. 5G9) for the
relief of Thomas B. Wallace, of Lexingtou,
in the State of Missouri, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims, not
to be brought, back on a motion to rcconsider.
administration of justice.
On motion of Mr. BIJTLER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, the bill (S. No.
473) to further the administration of justice
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, not to be brought
back on a motion to reconsider.
tariff and tax hill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call fur the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. Th-e regular order is to
go into Committee of the Whole, the House
having agreed to a motion for (hat purpose.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Scwihld in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. II.
No. '£',22) to reduce duties on imports, and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other pui poses.
Mr. BROOKS. I believe, Mr. Chairman,
that an amendment of mine is pending.
The ClIAIltMAN. The Clerk informs the
Chair that the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] was
voted down.
Mr. BROOKS. There was no quorum vot-
ing, and the committee rose without "deciding
the question.
Mr. DAWES. The Journal settles the
question.
The CHAIRMAN. The recollection of the
Chair agrees with that of the gentleman from
New York; but the Journal shows that the
amendment was voted down.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish the Journal would
be more careful in its record.
Mr. BEATTY. I move to amend the
pending section by inserting after the word
"animals," in line fourteen, tho following:
Provided, That on all wools of the first class, de-
fined by law, and known a? clothing wools, the value
whereof at the last port or placo whence exported to
the United States, excluding charges in such port,
shall be thirty-two cents or less per pound, the duty
shall be ten cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
eleven per cent, od valorem; And provided further.
That on all wools of the same class, the value whereof
at the last poit oi place whence exported to the Uni-
ted States, excluding chargosin such port, shall ex-
ceed thirty-two cents por pound, tho duty snail bo
twelve cents per pound and ten por cent, advulorem.
The question being taken on agreeing to
the amendment, there were—ayes 24, noes
55; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beatty and
Mr. Starkweather, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 36, noes 87.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. VOORHEES. I desire to say that on
all questions touching the tariff I am paired
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr.
Mercuu. This will account for my not voting.
Mr. DUKE. ' I am paired with the gentle-
man from New Jersey, Mr. Halsey.
Mr. BEATTY. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "animals," in line four-
teen of the second scction, the following :
Provided, That all wools of thefirst class, defined
by law, and known as olothing wools, shall be
oxcoptod from tho provisions of this act, and thoro
shall be paid thoreon tho duty imposed by existing
law.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 10, noes 80; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN appointed Mr. BiSATTYand
Mr. Kii.hnreii tellers.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 33, noes 88.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BEATTY. I submit the following amend-
ment :
Provided, That on all wools of tho first class, de-
fined by law and known as clothing wools, there
shall be levied, collectod, and paid ninfity-mne per
oent. of tho duty now imposod by law.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 32, noes 100.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BEATTY. "I move the following amend-
ment :
' Insert after the word " animals," second section,
lino fourteen, tlio following:
Provided, That on all wools of tho first class, de-
fined by law and known as clothing wools, there
shall bo levied, collected, and paid ninety-eight per
cent, of tho duty now imposed by law.
Mr. FAliNSWORTII. 1 move to amend the
amendment by striking out the word " eight,"
so us to leave it " ninety."
Mr. BINGHAM. That is what it is now.
The amendment to "the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then
rejected.
Mr. BEATTY. I move the following amend-
ment :
Provided, That on all wools of the first class, de-
fined by law, and known as clothing wools, there
shall lie levied, collected, and paid ninety-seven and
one half per cent.of theduty now imposed by law.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 17, noes 105.
Su the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BEATTY. 1 move the committee do
now rise.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 2, noes 101.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. BEATTY. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Provided, 'That on all wools of tho third class,
defined by law and known as carpet wools, thero
shall be levied, collected, and paid double tho rato
of duty now imposed by law.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 1, noes 93 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN appointed Mr. Beatty
and Mr. King tellers.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 10, noes 90; no quorum voting.
Mr. SAUGENT. Is a further count insisted
on under the circumstances?
Mr. BEATTY. It is.
Mr. SARGENT. Then it is only for the
purpose of delay.
Mr. BEATTY. I have not been allowed
to debate thesertpropositions. and I object to
debate on the part of other gentlemen.
