658
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Ho. of Reps.
The District of Columbia—Mr. Ghipman.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
MISCELLANEOUS RUBBISH DISPOSED OF.
Leaving the F street improvement I cannot
follow the gentleman in the next two or three
pages of his flights of fancy. His description
of the board "filling streets to the depth of
thirty feet; " "burying houses to their roofs
" rendering worthless squares upon squares
of dwellings and stores; " cutting down into
the "bowels of the earth;" leaving houses
" perched upon pinnacles; " " converting the
mountainous country of Georgetown into a
prairie," all of which " is a mere dead waste,
a piece of heartless and blind cruelty "—I say
I cannot follow him, for he must know that it
is outside the record, and with ihe exception
of individual instances of grading up Qr cut-
ting down, where the evidence shows it was
justified, there is absolutely no testimony from
which to draw the appalling picture. Then
follows another picture, equally fanciful, in
which it is attempted to show that the voters
were brought up to the polls " in squads like
a herd of hogs;" "threatened with punish-
ment if they did not vote as they were or-
dered ;" paid "twenty-five cents each if they
did as they were told ; " that this " suffrage
was a lie," a "cheat," a "game," a "fraud,"
a "method for ruining the white man and
seizing his property;" and all this tirade is
based upon nn extract taken from the testi-
mony of Mr. P. EL. Rhinehart, (page 274 of
the record,) and what is that testimony? Let
any one read it as the gentleman quotes it, and
see if it justifies any such attack upon the
privileges accorded to our voters. The testi-
mony was drawn out by the gentleman himself
upon his own examination of the witness, and
if my colleague had been disposed to look in
- any fairness upon this investigation, or to en-
deavor to develop the truth, he never would
have quoted this testimony to sustain his fear
ful indictment. The witness is questioned as
follows:
" Question. Youhadno safe information yourself?
' Answer. No, air.
" Question. Do you know whether any intimida-
tion or threats were used to compel voters to vote
one way or the other ?
" Ansioer. To my own personal knowledge, I do
n(lf-
^ Question. You did not hear or seo any yourself ?
" Answer. I do not think that I remember seeing
or hearing anything of it; I heard a itood deal of
general talk and charges.
" Question. You did not hear threats to remove
voters l'rom work?
"Antrwer. I have no personal knowledge of it.
Question. Did you see voters march up to the
polls m bodies?
" Answer. That has been a custom in this city since
Mr. Bowen's campaign. On the Republican side
we wouid have our meetings in each precinct the
evening prior to the eleotion, and iu some instances
we would go to tho polls in bodies, and sleep there
till moriuug, to await the opening of the polls ; be-
causo it would sometimes take a man two hours
before he could got at the window to deposit bis
vote.
" Question. Were the voters taken under some
leader 1
"Answer. Only the ordinary officers of the asso-
ciation.
" Question. Were they given ballots by the asso-
ciation?
"Answer. We had our tickets all ready, and dis-
tributed them.
"Question. Were these leaders contractors under
the city government ?
"Answer. I do not know; I was not acquainted
with men who were contractors under the late Wash-
ington corporation. We have had but one election
since this new government has been put in opera-
tion; that was the last election. I did not take a
very active part in the last campaign.
"Question. Do you knowwbetherofficers under the
eity government acted as leaders of these organized
bodies of voters, taking them up to the polls and
seeing that they voted?
"Answer. Yes, sir ; I think they did.
Question. Did they do that generally?
Answer. I do not know that every officer did it;
I know that there were some officers who werenot
at the polls that I visited: but a number of the
subordinates did take an active part in the election.
" Question. Were the leaders generally either con-
tractors or officers under the government?
" Ansxoer. I do not know that I can say that that
was generally the oase; to a great extent, however,
it was." (Page 274.)
I submit that when a witness answers that
he "knows nothing of his own knowledge,"
"has no safe information upon which to base
an opinion," and "doesnot remember thathe
saw or heard anything of intimidation or
threats," no just judge would press him far-
ther, or would quote him afterward in any
g&ssip which he might narrate under the press-
ing inquiries to which the witness was sub-
jected by the gentleman.
My colleague also cites page 468 to prove
this charge, and upon examining it I find that
it is the testimony of Mr. Ruffin, who was dis-
charged by the Board of Public Works for
doing the very things which so arouse the ire
of my colleague, and in reading the testimony
of this witness I find his answer to the ques-
tion "whether he knew of money being used
to carry the election," as follows:
" Nothing more than that I saw a man that morn-
ing on the road who said that Mr. Lewis was stand-
ing in his yard handing out tickets, and twenty-five
cents with each ticket."
What is to be thought of a person who
reviews a record and attempts to place before
the House of Representatives an appalling
picture of heartless cruelty, vandalism, and
fraudulent management of elections based
upon such utter lack of evidence as is here
disclosed 'I
Now I suppose that the gentleman has pro-
duced all he was able to find in the record to
sustain this charge of fraudulent voting, and
we see what it is. The committee will remem-
ber, and any one who will take the trouble
to read the voluminous record in this case will
discover, that from the very first to the close
of the testimony a strong effort was made to
show that the election was carried by intim-
idation, threats, and by fraud. Witnesses,
enemies of the Board of Public Works, dis-
appointed persons, hangers on, such as are to
be found in all cities, were raked together,
and 1 challenge my colleague or any one to
find in the whole record any evidence going
nearer to sustain the charge than that which I
have noticed, and which my colleague quoted.
Witness after witness called by the memorial-
ists testified directly the opposite to this.
If I could hope to summarize the record on
all points in any reasonable space, I would be
glad here to show just how the election was
conducted and the character of the voters.
The contemptuous manner in which he alludes
to the laboring men of the District, the super-
cilious air which he assumes toward all who
sympathized with the new government, illy
becomes a man who is performing the very
responsible office of enlightening Congress as
to the results of an investigation placed in his
hands.
It ought to be sufficient to stamp his speech
as totally untrustworthy as a review of the case
to expose this vain attempt to establish fraud
in the elections and such a frightfully demoral-
ized condition of things in this District by such
totally incompetent evidence as that alluded to.
The gentleman would not have his reputa-
tion injured upon such proofs; he would not
even have the hardihood to ask a jury to con-
vict a man of petit larceny on such broken
shreds of gossip and negative evidence. Is
my colleague's reputation any dearer to him
than the reputation of the officers implicated
by his speech? Has he a right to defame
the whole community, and speak of voters as
"herds of hogs," upon such shallow founda-
tion ?
PAVEMENTS.
Following my colleague's speech in its order,
I am brought next to what he terms the prin-
cipal cause of expenses iu these so-called im-
provements for which the people were earnestly
invited to vote last November, namely, "the
repairing of the old cobble-stone streets.'' He
says:
"Doubtless all who hear me will be surprised to
learn that every pavement being put down in the
city of Washington, except a few blocks of Seneca
stone and Belgian blocks respectively, is either of
wood or concrete. Further, every species of wooden
and concrete pavement has been tried or is in pro-
cess of being tried. Somefifteen differentpatents all
come in for their share of the public money and their
grabatthe public treasure. Old worthless styles and
new untested ones were alike favored."
In support of this count in his indictment
my colleague cites page 208 of the record.
Turning to that page I bnd that it is the testi-
mony of Thornton Smith. My colleague here,
as elsewhere, utterly ignores the evidence in
the case and seizes upon scraps of the record
to sustain what I think the most glaring mis-
representations with regard to what has really
been done here in the District. I shall not
assail the character of this witness in order to
break the effect of his testimony in this con-
nection, but I invite any member of the House
to read the testimony of this witness and com-
pare his reckless statements with the facts as
developed upon this subject of pavements from
other and better sources, and see whether the
conclusions arrived at by the gentleman are at
all sustained.
I suppose, without going carefully over the
record and estimating the number of pages
devoted to this subject of pavement, that there
are certainly not far from fifty, and some of
the testimony embracing that of the highest
scientific character; and how any gentleman
of the reputation which my colleague enjoys
can lay that all aside and plant himself is his
wild statement upon the evidence of Thornton
Smith is beyond my comprehension, except
my theory of his speech be true, that he has
made it for other localities than this, and
does not really hope to have it affect the minds
of Congress.
The gentleman's witness, upon whose testi-
mony he relies for his broad assertions, esti-
mates the cost of the concrete pavement
being laid in this city at seventy-five cents per
square yard. We are paying $3 20 per square
yard for this pavement, including two feet of
grading, which must be done at the contract-
or's expense. If it be true that it can be laid
for seventy-five cents, then the criticisms upon
that pavement are just, so far as the price is
concerned, and our board should call a halt
before laying another yard. As this question
of pavements i3 a very important one, and it
seems to be in the view of my colleague the
principal cause _ of expense in the city, and
hence the_ principal question involved in the
investigation, I feel called upon to further
notice what the record shows in this regard.
Before doing so I must reproduce another
paragraph from the gentleman's speech to
show how wildly he talks about pavements :
The rotten poultice of Fifth avenue in New
York is reproduced on Pennsylvania avenue in
rt ashington ; wooden abominations that are proved
utter failures, and strongiy suspected of being gen-
erators of typhoid poison, compete for favor with
concrete plasters, which are full of holes at one end
of a block before they are completed at the other.
.Let the members of the House of Representatives
use their eyes as they walk through the city of
Washington along the miles of public thorough-
fares wantonly torn up, and, now being coated with
asphalt or coal-tar, and observe the
stun called a pavement, already disintegrated and
brittle, crusmng beneath the loot and almost be-
tweentbe fingers, lull of holes and so soft as to bo
easily indented by a boot heel, and determine for
themselves whether such vile abortions should have
been paid for at $3 20 a square yard. For all this
work the contracts, when made at all, (which was
not always by any means,) were totally disregarded ;
a tew inches of dry stone covered with a skin of tar
™fiS^nd ^r>ere ^cc|Ptcd and paid for by a blind and
confiding Board of Works in lieu of eight or ten
sphdconciete. Itscemedreally as though
tnese gentlemen were trying to see how reckless
they could be m wasting the money of the people
whom they were appointed to protect."
^ It would be much more agreeable to me if,
in reviewing this speech, I could feel assured
that the gentleman really believes half he says.
There would then be some zest, for the argu-
ment. As it is, I can only look through his
extravagant adjectives and unmask his mis-
