1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The District of Columbia—Mr. Chipman.
Ho. of Reps.
representations to save others frr-.in falling into
his pit-fall of prejudice. Listen to the very
calm and dispassionate description he gives
this House of wood and concrete pavement.
Concrete pavements here are " rotten poul-
tices "plasters which, are full of holes at
one end of a block before they are completed
at the. other;" "thin layers of coal-tar;"
"stuff called pavement," crushing under the
foot.; "vile abortions;" "a few inches of
stone covered with a skin of tar and sand."
Wood pavements are " wooden abomina-
tions;'' "generators of typhoid poison."
One would suppose that the honorable gen-
tleman had been pursued by some monstrum
horrendum, and was narrating his narrow
escape from the beast. Either that or else
our highways are direct roads to the bottom-
less pit, and the officers of the District fiends
Juring the people to destruction.
WOODEN PAVEMENTS.
Now, what are these "wooden abomina-
tions?" They are precisely what have been
adopted as standard pavements all over the
United States in all leading cities. Mr. Jona-
than Taylor (page 556) says he has laid in vari-
ous cities, from New Orleans to New York,
over one million dollars' worth. He says he
has known pavements in Chicago to stand ten
years. Lake street was laid over after being
down nine years. Upon the question of com-
parative cost here and elsewhere I give an ex-
tract from this witness's testimony. I quote
pag<s 557:
" Cost of Wood Pavement.
"The first pavement that I put down in Milwau-
kee was in 1^71, at $1 35 per yard; the lumber was
$7 a thousand, and coal-tar $1 a barrel, and seventy-
tive cents per cubic yard for gravel. In San Fran-
cisco we gut S2 50, iji gold. Lumber there was from
$14 to SIS a thousand; the coal-tar, I think, was $3
abairel. In Portland, Oregon, the prices were about
the same ; that ivas in 1805. The pay was in gold in
both places, and the premium on gold was about
45 at that time. At VViil'arasnort, Pennsylvania,
the price was 18 per yard: lumbercostS16a thou-
sand ; coal-tar, $4 50; gravel,$2 a ton, or tnree cubic
yard5, allscreened. Thatwas two years ago List fall.
In Philadelphia the price was $4 a yard in 1867 or
1868; lumber delivered cost about $28 25. In Eliza-
beth, Xew Jersey, the price was $4 50. In New York
city I put dowu the first for $4 a yard in 1806. The
next was $4 50, and then higher up to S5 50 Coal-
tar was generally c3 50 a barrel there; but when I
speak ot coal-tar I speak ot pitch mixed with it,
about one half pitch. It is this compound that I
mean in givme the-o prices. The lumber in Kew
Voik was from $30 to §33 a thousand; gravel about
$1 50 a, ton, which takes about a ton and a half for a
cubu' yard. Grading generally runs from fifteen up
to tnirty or forty cents a yard. InElmira, New York,
I pul down, in MoT, 15,000 yards, but did nothin? to
the grading. The price was $3 15 a yard.
"Qwnii'tn. Have you ever known of any wood
p.n ement i>ut down at the East, at any time, for less
than thiee or four doiiars per yard?
"Anxu-rr. I do not know of any. I do not know
of any put down anywhere in the East for less than
$4 to $4 50, except that piece I put down in Elmira
(or S3 15, without grading- The price must depend
upon the price of material."
Wooden pavements are no longer experi-
mental. In cities where they have been most
and longest used they are still being laid.
What shall 1 say, then, to my colleague, who
denounces the use of these pavements here as
a reckless waste ot money ? In all eastern
cities the, price has been about four dollars
per square yard, and under the old govern-
ment of Washington that was the cost. This
reckless Board of Public Works have con-
tracted foi three dollars per square yard for
untreated wood, and $3 25 for Burnetized or
prepared wood. Did not my colleague know
this, and has he not suppressed the fact?
COXCKKTK PAVEMENT.
The testimony on concrete pavement is
very full, and ot the highest authority. This
pavement is somewhat experimental as yet,
Dut the best of results have come from the
use of it. On pages 420, 427 is an official
report of Mr. Kellogg. engineer-in-chief of
public parks. New York, a gentleman of high
reputation, and certainly disinterested. He
gives the names £>t streets and drives where
it has been used satisfactorily. For pavement
eight inches thick, such as is laid here, the
cost in New York is $3 75 per square yard.
The board pay $3 20.
I invite a careful perusal of the testimony
of L. 8. Filbert, (page 558;) John O. Brans,
(page 559;) Francis Jewell, (page 562;) Sam-
uel 11. Scharf, (page 563;) C. B. Evans, (page
538;) William B. Fariseu, (page 545,) and the
report of a commission of eminent engineers
on the subjcct, (page 742.) I cannot quote
this testimony; but I assert that no one can
read it and not be astonished at the criticisms
of my colleague. The cause of the breaking
in the pavement last winter; the coat, which
ia about two dollars and seventy-five cent8 net
per square yard; the profit to the contractor; the
prices paid elsewhere; the difference between
the pavement laid here and the Fifth avenue
" plaster" referred to by the honorable gentle-
man; in short, the whole subject is fully and
fairly presented. Upon this point the majority
of the committee say :
" The uniform testimony of all competent persons
waS that no good wood or concrete pavements can
be laid for less than three dollars per square yard."
It would seem to me from the evidence that
instead of the Board of Public Works being
"blind and confiding," they have been ex-
tremely cautious to protect the interests of the
people, more so than the officers of any other
city in the Union. Three dollars and twenty
cents per square yard, including two feet of
grading, is less than the same pavement is being
laid for anywhere in the country. The pro-
vision that the contractors must keep the pave-
ment iu repair three years is a precaution
nowhere else taken, and, as the proof shows,
secures a good pavement, for all agree that if
the pavement is not well laid it will develop
the fact before that time expires. Itia known
to Congress that a concrete pavement was laid
in front of the Arlington Hotel three years ago.
and it is apparently as good to-day as it was
the first year, and no better pavement can
anywhere be found. This cost the old city
governmentfour dollars per square yard. The
Board of Public Works have contracted with
the builder of that pavement to lay the same
at $3 20. This was the Scharf pavement.
The gentleman says, "It seems as though
the board were trying to see how reckless they
could be in wasting the money of the people
whom they were appointed to protect." Does
it look like it, in view of the facts stated? Has
the gentleman forgotten that the board were
petitioned by George W. Riggs, James 0.
Kennedy, \V. W. Corcoran, A. B. Stoughton,
and J. W. Alvord to lay the Scharf pavement
on Madison place and Fifteenth street at$3 50
per square yard, and that the board contracted
to have it done for $3 20? Does this look
reckless? Does this not look like protecting
the interests of the people? This " plaster,"
"rotten poultice," " vile abortion," wasgood
enough for Mr. liiggs and Mr. Corcoran at a
greater price than the board paid. And the
petition also asks that the contract be given
to Mr. John O. Evans, the man the board
engaged to do it. (See page 603.) . Does my
colleague forget another petition, sent the
board by property-holders on F streetbetween
Nineteenth and Twentieth streets, praying
" that, a substantial concrete street pavement
be laid, believing it to be more durable and
healthful than a wood pavement?1' (Page 4-1.)
This petition is signed by witnesses of the
memorialists and by some of the largest and
best property-holders on the street. As further
approval of adopting this pavement has not the
Committee on Appropriations lor the House
recommended an appropriation of nearly two
hundred thousand dollars to help pay for these
"plasters?"* And still will my colleague insist
that the board is acting in reckless disregard
of the interests of the people ? May I not safely
leave him here to the workings of his own con-
science?
DEBT OF THE ntSTRIM1.
My colleague next takes up the subjeet of
the District debt. He says that nobody accu-
rately knows what thi3 debt is. I do not be-
lieve that my colleague does, for it is evident
that he has not examined the testimony upon
that point. The record shows this debt as
accurately at the time the showing was made
as it is possible for any government, local or
national, to show thecondition of its debt. In
treating this subject of the public debt, how-
ever, my colleague deals in what seems to me
almost unmitigated misrepresentation, and ar-
rives at the conclusion that we have a grand
total debt of the District of $13,429,377, and
he states that over nine million five hundred
thousand dollars of this has been incurred in
seven months; and he asserts that taxes of
the most onerous description must follow inev-
itably. Let me treat these two questions: first
the debt, and next the tax necessary to dis-
charge it; and, in doing so, show how wildly my
colleague groups assertions together to sustai u
his remarkable conclusion.
He says that in six months' legislation over
seventeen million dollars were appropriated,
and in support of that submits a list of appro-
priations made by the Legislature of the Dis-
trict to which I invite attention for a moment.
I shall not analyze this table throughout; but
will go into it sufficiently to show the disiogei«-
uousness of my colleague in its use. He has
no right to leave the impression upon the
minds of Congress that would follow from liis-
remarks unless it is sustained by the facts,
and that it is not so sustained needs but a
moment's examination. Take the first, second,
and eleventh items in his table of the acts of
the first regular session, making $755,000.
These were not appropriations which went to
swell the debt of the District, in any sense.
The eleventh item of $500,000 was, as its title
shows, to anticipate the revenue to be derived
from thefonr-million loan,and was to be paid
back from that loan.
The first and second items of that session,
of §255.000, were not appropriations, but were
in anticipation (as the title shows, and as the
gentleman ought to have known) of the rev-
enues to be derived from taxation, in order to
pay the expenses of carrying on the govern-
ment.
His twenty-first item, the second four-million
loan act, was notan appropriation in any sense,
but was a proposition submitted to the people
for authorizing a loan of §4,000,000 iu the
event the injunction should hold good against
the first four-million loan. It was never the
intention to use the second four millions in
any other event, and at the time the gentleman's
speech was printed in the Globe there was a law
upon the statute-books of the country, passed
by Congress, validating the first four-million
loan, and declaring the second one, which he
arrays in the estimates, as void.
His concluding item in this list of the first
regular session, of four millions " to meet one
third of the cost of improvements made under
the two four-million loan acts, to be raised by
a special tax to be levied upon the property
improved," is wholly imaginary and exists only
m the gentleman's brain. It is not an appro-
priation at all, and he knows it, and forms no
part of the District debt. The table which he
submits shows that there was no ac, of the
Legislature upon the subject, for he does not
cite it; and even if it had any foundation it
"Congress subsequently passed the miscellaneous
appropriation bill, including the item, thus vindi-
cating the Board.
