1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1607
Company that these parties boasted that they
are the owners of $100,000,000 of property,
and are "gorged and plethoric with public
bounty." I do not know of the boast referred
to, but I do know that the liabilities of that
company to its bondholders and the Govern-
ment are enormous, and probably fully equal
to the value of the railroad.
But why this bitterness of denunciation for
the advantages gained by this company by
public grants ? Every legislative step for the
benefit of the company was hailed by these
gentlemen and by San Francisco with appro-
bation, and from the time the first shovelful
of earth was moved in the presence of a vast
crowd at Sacramento to the celebration of
driving the last spike at Promontory the
enterprise was cheered on. At its inception,
and for several years, the completion of the
road was not believed possible. In the Thirty-
Seventh Congress the great obstacle to be
overcome was the incredulity of members
that the grants would build the road. That
incredulity prevailed on the Pacific. It was
hoped but not expected that the road would
be built. There were crises in its history
when defeat in the great project seemed inev-
itable. In the hands of most men there would
have been disastrous failure. It is easy now
to look at a completed work and talk about a
monopoly, a gorged corporation, &c., as I
have heard for a week past on this floor ; but
I ask, has any monopoly been created not pro-
vided for by law? Has any money been
taken from the Treasury not expressly appro-
priated? Could the work have been exe-
cuted except by a corporation? I approve
the energy that kept unfalteringly on against
obstacles of nature and financial embarrass-
ments. No greater work was ever achieved
by human enterprise than the building of the
Pacific railroad. The men who accomplished
the mission that we put in their hands are
worthy of credit for executing it, and will
have it from history, rather than contumely
and denunciation. The fact that it is to be
used by the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany is no objection to this privilege if it
is otherwise beneficial, while the expenditure
of millions in utilizing the part of the island
referred to in the bill gives us higher security
for our second mortgage.
The only doubt that has been in my mind
in this matter is whether a price for the fee
or a rental should be put on this property.
The fee of the property probably had better
remain in the Government, and therefore we
will not sell it. To set to and improve the
part of the island the use of which is allowed
will cost $3,000,000, interest on which at ten
per cent, is $300,000 per annum, in itself a
large rental, which cannot be got back in
rents by the company, for the bill excludes
such use. It can erect its depots and ware-
houses, for facilitating commerce, and its
return can only be in the increased business
of the road and consequent freights.
As a Pacific coast member, if the enterprise
is really for the benefit of our commerce, I
can see no advantage in adding burdensome
money conditions to be paid by our citizens,
that might defeat the project, and yet it may
be worth while to recommit to the committee
to further consider that matter, and I make
that suggestion to the chairman.
For military purposes, as I said in the
former part of this debate, the sixty acres
reserved to the Government are ample, even
if military science would direct the placing of
defensive works so near to the object, attack
of which is dreaded. It would be like putting
a cannon on a door-step. War vessels, to save
San Francisco, must be arrested before they
would be within range of the guns on Goat
Island. But if this is otherwise, the portion
of the island reserved is ample, and I say this
on the judgment of the highest military au-
thority.
The objection that it will injure the harbor
to build a pile-bridge from the mainland to
Goat Island is very strongly stated in the dis-
patch ; but the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey does not concur with these gentlemen,
and I think they are mistaken. The authority of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey is very
high, and he says, in his report of 1870, that
he sees no reason to apprehend injury to the
harbor by an open work across the space from
the mainland to Goat Island. But I under-
stand the leading San Francisco press and the
Chamber of Commerce are in favor of bridg-
ing the bay into San Francisco. This is the way
they propose that the grant in Mission bay
shall be utilized by the company. To bridge
half way to Goat Island cannot be a greater
injury to the harbor than to bridge all the way
to Mission bay. I do not believe either would
be an injury to the harbor ; but certainly those
who favor the bridge as an alternative project
cannot object that the half bridge will slow
the currents, and thereby form shoals at the
Golden Gate.
The sixty acres of land granted as a term-
inus, referred to in the dispatch, are on Mis-
sion bay, and not on the water-front. They are,
in fact, as I understand, several blocks from
the water-front. The bridge to which I have
referred would connect with these lands, bnt
would not free the overland commerce or the
interior wheat trade from expenses, of trans-
shipment, though it would reduce its burdens
considerably.
Up to the present time the papers of San
Francisco, except the Alta, an extract from
which has been read, so far as I have seen
them, do not share in the anxiety of the Cham-
ber of Commerce, though the blockade may
have kept back more recent expressions. In
December last the Bulletin had an article
recommending in strong terms a bridge across
the bay as a better project, but holding that
the Goat Island project was better than the
present condition of things. Such is my mem-
ory of the article. In an article a day or two
after the Alta publication, it speaks of the
objections to warehouses being built on Goat
Island as unfounded. I speak only from mem-
ory of the impression left on my mind by the
article in question. The furore raised so sud-
denly in San Francisco over this bill is, as I
have said, a surprise to me. The bill was
voted on in the last Congress, and came within
one of carrying, and I do not remember that
there was any adverse criticism in San Fran-
cisco. There certainly were no adverse reso-
lutions of the Chamber of Commerce or any
other body.
1 believe in the future of San Francisco,
and desire to labor intelligently in its behalf.
I would not by act or vote injure its prosper-
ity. If any course of mine can foster its com-
merce, give wealth and trade to its people,
and hasten its high destiny, I wish zealously
to pursue that course. And I do not ignore
its right to be consulted as to the measures
necessary to its welfare. But where its high-
est interests are at stake, and the commerce
of the whole State and country are involved,
some independence of judgment must exist
on this floor.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, it is evi-
dent from the discussion on this bill, as well
as from the remarks made to me individually
by members of the House, that there are many
who think the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany should pay some compensation for the
use of this island which is granted by this bill.
The committee have not thought, nor has the
company, that it ought to pay anything, be-
cause it is believed the Government will derive
more benefit from the use of this island than
will the railroad company. In the first place,
it would confer the most benefit upon the com-
merce of the country, which is now paying a
tax of two dollars per ton more in the harbor
of San Francisco than it pays in any other
port in this country. It is to-day paying that
tribute to individual interests in the city of
San Francisco, which individual interests have
been heard in this House through the remon-
strance sent here from the Chamber of Com-
merce.
The committee have also felt that the Gov-
ernment would derive great benefit from this
grant, inasmuch as there would be constructed
from the mainland a highway to this military
position, enabling it in case of war, if the har-
bor should be blockaded, to reach the island
from the mainland, and enabling it also to
place its arsenal, in case of war, in the shel-
tered position which would be created by the
blasting down of the island—a work which this
company would have to perform in order to
prepare the site for warehouses, docks, &c.
So confident are the committee, and so confi-
dent is the company in this position, and that
no fair commission would award that the com-
pany should pay anything in the way of rental
for the use of the island, that the company
have advised me, and I now make the propo-
sition to the House, to recommit the bill to the
committee, with liberty so-to amend it as to
provide that the President of the United States
shall appoint three commissioners, who shall
hear the proofs and allegations of all parties
interested and report what sum, if any, this
company shall pay for the rental of the island.
I submit the proposition in writing, in order
that the House may fully understand it.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, with liberty so to amend the
same as to provide that within one month from the
passage of the bill the President of theUnited States
shall appoint three commissioners, who shall be au-
thorized, at the expense of the Central Pacific Bail-
road Company, to hear the proofs and allegations
of all parties interested in the subject-matter of this
bill, and shall within three months of their appoint-
ment award such sum for the use of said one half of
said island, granted by this bill, as in their judgment
shall be deemed just and equitable, which said award
shall be paid by the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany before it shall avail itself of this grant.
Mr. WHEELER. Before moving the pre-
vious question on this question 1 wish to
say 
Mr. KERR. If the gentl&man will allow
me, I wish to make an inquiry. Will he not
withhold his motion long enough to suffer the
proceedings of the Chamber of Commerce of
San -Francisco to be read to the House ?
Mr. WHEELER. I cannot yield for that
at this point. I believe that document has
been published in the Globe.
Mr. KERR. I am not aware that it has
been.
Mr. WHEELER. It was published in the
Globe, by order of the House, on Friday last.
Mr. BANKS. I think it should be read to
the House also; and there are other docu-
ments which should also be read.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire, before moving
the previous question on the motion which has
been read by the Clerk, to reply to a remark
which fell from the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] the other day iu relation
to this bill. What I refer to was not a state-
ment supported by argument, but a simple
declaration. But we all know that the char-
acter of that gentleman in this House gives
even to bis declarations great weight. It was
to this effect, that if this grant were made it
would work the destruction of the harbor of
San Francisco. Did I rightly understand the
gentleman?
Mr. BANKS. What I said was that this
bill, if passed, would injure materially, if not
destroy the harbor of San Francisco.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire, in reply to that,
simply to plape before the House the state
ment of the Superintendent of the United
States Coast Survey in his report for 1870,
which I send to the Clerk's desk, and ask to
have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" If the open bridge should be built, X see no rea
son to apprehend that the augmentation of flow
through the main channel will at any timo be so
great as to increase sensibly the present inconven-
ience of the anchorage, either directly by causing
