1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
did not have an opportunity, by cross-examina-
tion or otherwise, to examine the witnesses.
Mr. POLAND. That is undoubtedly the
meaning of the bill. It provides, as do the
State statutes, that it may be used not only
against the parties who had notice, but if the
litigation finally turns out to be between the
parties causing the testimony to be taken, and
somebody who claims under the party who had
notice, by a title subsequent to the time of
taking the testimony, he shall not, by changing
his title over into other hands, deprive a party
of the benefit of the testimony taken.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then there should be
made some record of this testimony, especially
if it should relate to real estate, or else parties
buying in good faith would be bound by testi-
mony of which they had no knowledge, and
might be defrauded because there was no record
or means of discovering this testimony.
Mr. POLAND. If my fiiend had listened
to the reading of the entire bill, he would have
seen that there is the ordinary provision that
this testimony, withm thirty days after it is
taken, shall be filed in the office of the clerk
of the court in the district where taken, or the
district where the controversy is. I think the
bill fully meets the suggestion of the gentle-
man.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me make one fur-
ther suggestion. There is no provision in this
bill, as I understand it—and I speak with many
doubts, because it is a long bill, and although
I listened to it attentively i am not certain that
I understood is thoroughly—there is no pro-
vision requiring that this testimony shall be
filed in the couit or the office of the register
of the district where the property is situated.
It is to b<i fiM in the district court from which
the process issued, but it is not required to be
filed in the land district, or the office of the
register of the district, where the title to the
real estate to which it relates may be affected
by it.
Mr. POLAND. I ask the Clerk to read the
fifth section of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the officer taking such deposition shall insert
therein every answer or declaration of the witness
examined which either party shall require to bo
included therein. The deposition, when completed,
shall bo carefully read to and subscribed by the wit-
ness; shall he certitied by the officer taking the same;
and within thirty days thereafter shall bo filed in the
office of the clerk ot the district in which such suit
is pending; or if no suit be pending, then of such
district as the officer granting the order for .-.uch
examination shall appoint, mid which district shall
be specified in such order. Thero shall be filed with
the said deposition the original order for the exam-
ination of the witness, and tho affidavits on which
the same was founded, and those proving the service
of such order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poi.axd] will perceive that the real
estate to be affected by this testimony may be
in one district and the testimony and order
filed in another, so that if a party purchasing
real estate were to examine the records ot the
office in the district where the property is situ-
ated he might be unable to find thetestimony
affecting his rights, because it was in another
district than that in which the land is situated.
Suits are not in all cases confined to the locus
of tho land, but they may be in some other
district court. Therefore the rights of parties
may be affected without any means whatever
of finding out the proceedings that have been
had against the property that they are pur-
chasing. It seems to me, too, that parties
ought not to be affected in that way; that, we
ought not to add another provision by which
parties must have a further abstract, must not
only search the titles that have accrued, that
are in existence, but they must search the pro-
ceedings of courts and examine the testimony
of witnesses to ascertain whether the property
they are purchasing is affected by it or not.
I think that that provision of the bill ought
not to be adopted. In the view which I take,
it seems to me that innocent parties may be
injuriously affected by such proceedings.
Mr. POLAND. There would be very little
use in having a statute to perpetuate testimony
if one of the parties to the controversy could
immediately transfer his interest into the hands
of other parties who would not be affected
by it. I have no objection to an amendment
(if my friend from Wisconsin desires to move
such an amendment) providing that, if the con-
troversy be in relation to the title to laud a
copy of the evidence shall be deposited in the
clerk's office of the district where the land is
situated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think such an amend-
ment would improve the bill. I suggest that
it read in this form : provided that the testi-
mony, where it affects real estate, shall bo
filed in the clerk's office of the county where
the real estate is situated.
Mr. POLAND. I think we ought, not to
require this evidence to be deposited in the
office of the county clerk. This bill is de-
signed to authorize the taking of testimony to
be used in the courts of the United States. I
propose that such testimony where it affects
laud be filed in the clerk's office of the dis-
trict where the same is situated. The amend-
ment in the form suggested by the gentleman
from Wisconsin would be incongruous.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I propose to provide that
where the testimony affects real estate a copy
of it shall be tiled m the clerk's office of the
county where the real estate is situated.
Mr. POTTER. It ought to be filed in the
office of the United States district court for
the district in which the property is situated.
In investigating titles we do not, so far as I
am aware, search for liens under the laws of
the United States in any county clerk's office ;
but we search in the office ot the district court
of the United Slates for the district in winch
the land is situate. As this is a proceeding
under Fedeiul law to affect land within the
district, it seems to me sufficient to provide
that a copy ot the testimony sha!l_ be deposited
in the office of the clerk ot the district.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
amendment as it has been taken down.
The Clerk read as follows;
Provided, That there shallbe acopy of tho evidenoe
deposited in the clerk's oflice of thedistrict in which
the land is situated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. "In the clerk's office of
the county" is what I suggest; and I would
add further, that a minute thereof be made in
the index relating to land titles.
The SPEAKER. The amendment had
better be reduced to writing by the gentleman
who desires to offer it. Amendments of this
character should always be in writing.
Mr. POLAND. I do not, think that any
amendment ought to be adopted requiring this
evidence to be filed in any State court office
or in any county clerk's office. I think it
right, enough that a copy should be filed in the
office of the clerk of the district court for the
district where the land is situated.
Mr. LAMISON. I suggest that the testi-
mony should be filed in the office of the
recorder of deeds.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Vermont that, in considera-
tion of the territorial extent of some ot the
districts of the United States, the piovision he
suggests would be almost worthless. Some
of the districts are five hundred miles in ex-
tent; and if this evidence is to be filed only in
the office of the district court, a man rn>;.'ht be
required to travel five hundred miles to find
out matters affecting his title. 1 tirnk that the
suggestion made by the gentleman Irom Wis-
consin is very prODer.
Mr. POLAND. I would like to bear the
amendment as reduced to writing.
j The Clerk read as follows:
jj Provider!, That if the controversy bo in rela tion to
I the title to land, there shall he :l copy of the evi-
dence deposited in the recorder ot deeds ofheeof toe
M counts* in which the land is situated, anu a minute
i thereof be maio in the index of titles to real e.sta o.
li Mr. POTTER. I hope that amendment in
form will not prevail, and for this reason: in
the investigation of titles you search the office
of the register of deeds, or whatever else his
name may be, who is the officer of the State
having charge ot'this registering for the county,
in respect of incumbrances and Siate liens
affecting the property in question, but you also
search the office of the clerk of the United
States court for the district in which the prop-
erty is situated for judgment and other lieus
which the Federal law may create against the
same properly, and by eveiy analogy this tes-
timony, in order to give proper uoticc to tho
purchasers of the property afi'ected by it, should
he filed where the Federal liens are kept; that
is, in the office of the clerk of the'United States
district court of the district where this testi-
mony is taken. It would be wholly anomalous
to take notice of Federal proceeding and put
it in the hands of State authority. It would
lead to confusion instead of convenience.
Mr. ELDltlDGB. The gentleman misap-
prehends vety much, I think, the effect of the
amendment I piopose. The only objection
that can be made to it is that it would put t.>
too much trouble persons seeking to perpetu-
ate testimony. Here it is to be plsieed side
by side with the real estate to be affected, and
the parties seeking to perpetuate a lawsuit
against real estate ought to be put to the trouble
to put it vvheie it can be seou by every person
who is to be affected. It is to be placed aide
by side in the index so it may be •• e,en at a
glance. It can do no harm, liven if we do
search the records of the district court, as sug-
gested, v:e may not search them in all eases,
and it is more convenient, to find it placed side
by side in the recorder's office where the deeds
are recorded, so that any party searching the
records may see it at a glance and be referred
to the testimony affecting the title.
Mr. POLAND. I have no objection to this
amendment being voted on, but I do not con-
sider it is an amendment that ought to he
ma'le; and if this amendment does not pre-
vail, I will myself offer an amendment requir-
ing that copies shall be filed in the office ot
the clerk of tlr; district in which the land ia
situated.
Mr. POTTER. United States district court.
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir; that is, if this be
voted down. Before calling tho previous ques-
tion I will move ;m amendment as a substi-
tute to the amendment of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, as follows :
And if tho controversy bo in relation to the title
to rea,l estate, a copy ot said testimony shall no hied
m the oflice ot tho clerk of tbo distriot whoro encti
lands are situated.
I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question first recurredoti Mr. Poland s
amendment to the amendment.
The HouoO divided; and there were—ayes
61, noes 23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was ttion
adopted.
The bill, as amended, was_ ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
vrt.ventkim OF 8mcgomn«.
Mr. POLAND also, from the same commit-
tee. reported back Uouse bill No. 187, to
amend mi act entitled *'An act to present
smuggling, and for other purposes," approved
July 18, 3806, wi h an amendment.
Tli'- bill, which was read, provides that the
seventh section of tho act entitled u An act to
further prevent smuggling, and for other pur-
poses,'' approved July IB, 18G6, is amended
