1608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
vessels to part their chains, or indirectly by scouring
away the present patohes of excellent holding
ground. That the structure will close to future use
a navigable avenue, is an objection that must be
weighed by the commercial public in the balance
with the immediate advantages of the railway ex-
tension, and as far as I can see, this is the only ques-
tion that need be entertained, since no serious
disturbance of the physical order, affecting other
portions of the bay, can be predicted."
Mr. WHEELER. Now, Mr. Speaker, I do
not desire to enter upon a discussion of the
merits of this bill further at this time. Of
course that can be done when the bill is re-
ported back. I now call the previous ques-
tion on the motion to recommit.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wheeler] to allow me to say
a word on the subject of the report which has
been read. I will not occupy three minutes.
Mr. WHEELER. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for that purpose, but I cannot yield
further.
Mr. BANKS. The  eport which has been
read from one of the officers of the Coast Sur-
vey is from a person who was there one month
only to study this question of the effect of
these structures upon the harbor of San Fran-
cisco. I take no risk in saying (and I make
no imputation upon the judgment or capacity
of that, officer when I say it) that such a time
is wholly insufficient to give him opportunity
or capacity for determining the question with
even approximate correctness; and in oppo-
sition to what he says, there is a distinct dec-
laration of Professor Davidson, who has been
upon that coast for twenty-two years, and who
has given his time to the study of the character
of the currents in that bay. He states distinctly
that in his judgment these structures will not
only impair but will tend to destroy the com-
mercial capacity of the harbor of San Fran-
cisco. Two other officers of the CoastSurvey,
each of them holding a position equal in rank
to that of the writer of the dispatch which has
been read, take the same ground as Professor
Davidson. I undertake to say that it is im-
possible to convince any man who gives proper
attention to this subject that the structures
which are contemplated, together with those
which it is sure will follow them, will not
injure or destroy the harbor of San Francisco.
In the face of these numerous dispatches
received from the Chamber of Commerce and
from other portions of the people of San
Francisco, condemning the bill on this ground
and denouncing it as a great public wrong to
the Pacific coast generally, as well as to the
city of San Francisco, we cannot for a moment
entertain the idea that the project will not
prove prejudicial.
Mr. WHEELER. Although I do not think
debate upon this point material at this stage,
1 will simply say, in reply to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] that I am in
the habit of relying upon statements of tho
Superintendent of the Coast Survey rather
than upon those of his subordinates.
Mr. BANKS. I have a letter from the
Superintendent himself, in which he reaffirms
what I have stated.
Mr. WHEELER. I have caused to be read
an extract from his report.
Mr. BANKS. 1 have a letter from him sus-
taining me in what I say.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wheeler] demands the previous
question, as the Chair understands.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman from
New York to allow a dispatch to be read
which has not been printed at all.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York yield?
Mr._ WHEELER, I do _ not see that it is
material to continue this discussion further.
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman will allow
this dispatch to be read, he will see that it is
material.
Mr. WHEELER. It may be material when
we come to discuss the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from New York as declining to-
yield.
Mr. BANKS. I do not so understand.
Mr. WHEELER. I must decline to yield.
If I yield to my friend from Massachusetts, I
must yield to my friends on the other side.
Mr. BANKS. Then let us vote down the
previous question.
Mr. KERR. I do not wish to discuss this
question at all; but I ask to have read the
proceedings which I hold in my hand.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes 62, noes 73.
Mr. BANKS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
disabilities of z. b. vance.
The SPEAKER. Before the vote is taken
by yeas and nays on the motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] the Chair
desires to call the attention of the House to a
matter of some importance. Members are
aware that during the last few weeks amnesty
bills have been allowed to be filed at the Clerk's
desk for passage by general consent, without
the reading of the names. This has been done
under the implied obligation that there should
not be inserted in any bill the name of any
person against whose relief the House had
distinctly jroted. On the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Acker] the
House refused to pass a general amnesty bill;
and it likewise refused on the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
This House has on two occasions passed an
amnesty bill excepting from its provisions
those who, while members of Congress, with-
drew therefrom and aided the rebellion, and
also officers of the Army or Navy of the Uni-
ted Slates who, being above the age of twenty-
one years, left said Army or Navy and aided
the rebellion. The Chair has understood, and
he supposed every gentleman in the House
understood, that the liberty to put in names
of persons to be relieved of political disabili-
ties was confined within the conditions twice
affirmed by a vote of the House. The Chair,
therefore, regrets to. find (and he is glad he
does not know who put the names in, or even
frofli which side of the House they came)
that on yesterday some gentleman put in the
names of more than one person falling within
the classes named, and particularly the name
of Mr. Z. B. Vance, of North Carolina, the
question of whose relief has been a matter
of very considerable discussion, elsewhere.
The Chair regrets this as in violation of the
good faith of the House, and he believes the
gentleman who did it must have done it igno-
rantly or thoughtlessly.
Mr. SHOBER. I do not know by whose
authority the name referred to was inserted in
the bill; but the gentleman in question does
not come within the category to which the
Speaker refers.
The SPEAKER. Has he not been a mem-
ber of Congress?
Mr. SHOBER. He was a member of Con-
gress, but he did not resign his seat to take
part in the secession movement.
The SPEAKER. That is not the point.
The question is whether while he was a mem-
ber of Congress he withdrew therefrom and
aided the rebellion.
Mr. SHOBER. He did not withdraw until
on the 4th of March, 1861, his term expired,
and he was a candidate for reelection at the
time North Carolina seceded from the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was misin-
formed, then, as to the precise facts of the
case. The disposition of the House has been
and is most generous, and the Chair has been
extremely anxious that this might not be
abused.
Mr. SHOBER. I presume some one of
my colleagues inserted the name of Governor
Vance in the bill in the spirit which the Chair
seems to intimate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is entirely un-
informed what gentleman put it in.
Mr. KILLINGER. Would it be in order to
make a motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hope
that the gentleman who put the name in would
ask unanimous consent to withdraw it.
Mr. KILLINGER. If that be not done, I
hope I may be permitted to make a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
in consenting to this general "shuffle," (for
that is the proper word,) I considered it in-
cluded everything and every one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot see
how the gentleman could have so understood
it, when the House twice this session has voted
not to include tho names embraced in those
two classes.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The House
is more charitable at one time than another.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, am I mistaken
in thinking that the House has directed the
Committee oil the Judiciary to prepare and
bring in a general amnesty bill, including the
names of all those making application for
amnesty, without distinction or exception?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken
in thinking the House has ever passed an am-
nesty bill without the exceptions indicated.
The House has distinctly refused upon a yea
and nay vote to do so.
Mr. POTTER. True, sir, but subsequent
to such refusal the House directed the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to bring in a bill which
would embody amnesty to every gentleman,
without exception, who had made application
to Congress for it.
The SPEAKER. Mon constat that the
House would pass such a bill. The gentleman
will observe that the House has not committed
itself at all on that point.
Mr. POTTER. No; but the House having
directed the Committee on the Judiciary to
prepare a bill including the names of all who
had made application to Congress for amnesty,
there was no longer any reason for any gen-
tleman on the floor to refrain from adding any
man's name who had applied for amnesty to
any of those special bills ^hich the House
passed without reading.
The SPEAKER. But it does not follow the
House will pass a bill embracing the two classes
indicated. The House has twice refused on a
yea and nay vote to pass a general amnesty
bill.
Mr. POTTER. True; but the House hav-
ing subsequently directed the Judiciary Com-
mittee to bring in such a bill I am at a loss to
see how any gentleman could suppose the
intention of the House was not to include in
these bills so hastily passed any of these
persons.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
infer, from the instructions of the House to
the committee to bring in such bill, that the
House would pass it.
Mr. POTTER. But Mr. Speaker, I should
say that when the House directs a bill to be
brought in without distinction, it was fair to
infer that the House does not intend longer to
insist on the distinctions it had theretofore
made.
The SPEAKER. That is a large inference
not warranted by anything which the House
has done.
Mr. POTTER. If I were to exercise my
own judgment, I should conceive the infer-
ence fully warranted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think this Con-
gress has granted relief in cases like that of
Mr. Vance, of North Carolina. I believe Con-
gress has already relieved from political dis-
abilities several men who were members of
Congress.
The SPEAKER. All the Chair desires is
to call the attention of the House to the sub-
ject of the general privilege of putting in
names without having them read. It was hi3
