4296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jime 6,
to 16; and as I had some doubt about it, and
as there was nothing like a decided vote, I
thought the Chair could submit the question
to the Senate, if he did not choose to decide it
himself, whether it should be received under
the rule or not. He has a right to submit
that question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
supposes any Senator can submit a proposi-
tion, and then a point of order can be raised
on it, and the Chair has a right to submit the
point of order to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Originally the
proviso was in the bill when the question of
order was raised, and the Chair, as I think
very properly, decided that it was obnoxious
to the point raised, that it was out of order,
and so it went o-ut of the bill. It must be
regarded as entirely disconnected with the
bill. The Senator from Kansas now being
out of the chair, some change seeming to have
come over the spirit of his dream, proposes
this now as an original proposition. So it
must be regarded now as if it had never been
in the bill. The Senate haviugon a vote ruled
it out of order, I ask the Chair to enforce that
decision of the Senate against this proposition.
It is not in order, and cannot be in order,
except by going back aud reversing the decis-
ion of the Senate.
Mr. POMEiiOY. I will state that, techni-
cally speaking, I thought perhaps the decision
of the Chair was wrong, because we held, on a
previous occasion, that while this rule did
apply to the bill it did not apply to any amend-
ment that was put upon the bill before the
adoption of the rule. As to this bill, we
adopted the rule this morning, after we had
proceeded to the consideration of the bill.
We held on a previous occasion that, an amend-
ment which was pending moved by the com-
mittee or any person, pending at the time
the rulo was adopted, was excepted out of the
operation of the rule. That was the decision
in the ease of the Morrill amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was so because it.
was specifically stated and so reserved.
Mr. POMEROY. It occurred to me that
that might still be the ruling of the Senate on
this question, as this amendment was (vending
when we adopted the rale. It is a question
whether it should be considered an amend-
ment obnoxious to the provisions of the rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, i desire to make
one suggestion. All the reasoning for the
appeal from the ruling of the Chair on the
former occasion ceases in the present instance.
The Senator from New York, who argued it
so astutely and ably, put it upon the ground
entirely that it was not within the rulo, that
to-day when this bill came up it was not with-
in the rule of the Senate applicable to general
appropriation bills, and it was conceded oil
both sides that if it were so this proposition
was clearly out of order. Now, it is offered
at a time when it was agreed at the time we
proceeded to consider tins bill that the rule
should apply to this particular biil, so that as
we approach it now under the consideration
of the Senate the point made by the Senator
from New York has no force, aud the rule of
the Senate ought to be enforced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
submits to the Senate the question whether
the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
shall be received in order.
The question was decided in the negative.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the Senate take
a recess from half past four until half past
seven o'clock with a view of taking up this
evening bills reported from the Commiltee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And nothing else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
portion 6f the motion is in order and must be
decided without debate; the other portion is
not.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will be granted this indulgence.
He has been asking it a long time, and he may
not be here long with us. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves that the Senate
take a recess from half past four until half past
seven o'clock to day, and that the evening be
devoted to bills from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have two bills that I
wish to follow this with, which are very import-
ant. I had hoped we should have this even-
ing for the consideration of bills from the
Committee on Commerce. I shall ask that we
take no recess until w« pass the bill now
pending.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be understood that
the reports of the Comnfiittee on Military
Affairs are to be proceeded with until they are
concluded, and after that there will be time
for other business.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is one bill from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
that I should like to call up and have passed.
It is to refr-r a case to the Court of Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are about adozen
bills from the Committee on the Judiciary
really of public importance, and I hope the
Senate will unanimously consent that imme-
diately before my friend from Massachusetts
takes up his bills we may pass them ; or, if
not, immediately afterward, one or'the other.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe a motion to
take a recess is not debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not;
but, this is more than that.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Is a motion that the
Senate will take a recess at some future hour
debatable ?
lhe PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to take a recess is not debatable ; but the mo-
tion to take a recess and that the evening be
devoted t-o a particular class of business is
debatable. Indeed, such a motion cannot be
received unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. THURMAN. I am willing to take a
recess, but 1 am not willing that the rest of
the motion shall prevail.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object
to the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio ask that the motion be
divided?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; I want the
steamboat bill taken up.
Mr. CHANDLER. So do I want that
taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion ia on the motion to take a recess from
half past four to half past seven.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks unanimous con-
sent that the evening be devoted to bills from
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for one hour.
Mr. ITIURMAN. I ain perfectly willing
to give that after we get thro'ngh with the
steamboat bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask half an hour for the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which hour?
Mr. IHURMAN, I shall be willing to do
that as soon as the steamboat bill is disposed
of, either by being passed or referred to
another committee of conference.
Mr, CHANDLER. Either ; but we want
action. Has the vote been taken on the river
and harbor bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
been.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call lor the regular
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending
question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The river
and harbor bill is before the Senate, and open
to amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill
on the first page at the end of the seventh line,
by inserting the words which are omitted by
mere clerical mistake, I suppose : " for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1873."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I now renew the amendment
on page 8, in lineoiie hundred and sixty-eight,
increasing the appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Wabash river from $50,000 to
$100,000, and I desire the attention of the
Senate to my statement as there are many
Senators here who were not here at the lime
this bill was in the Committee of Whole.
I stated then, and I now repeat, that this is
the first appropriation ever asked for for the
improvement of this great river, the largest
tributary which the Ohio receives from the
north—a river five hundred miles in length
and three hundred and fifty miles of which
would be navigable from the city of La Fayette
to its mouth by the expenditure of a fraction
over three hundred thousand dollars, according
to the estimate of the board of engineers. The
river so far has been improved purely by pri-
vate enterprise. Twenty-five or thirty years
ago a company, receiving its charter from the
two States of Indiana and Illinois, expended
$90,000 in building a dam and a steamboat
lock at Grand Rapids, about ninety-five miles
above its mouth.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What aid did it get ?
Mr. PRATT. Not any aid ut all from the
General Government nor from the States; as
far as I know it was purely a private enterprise.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For profit.
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir; but the profits
received were so little that the dam now is in
a decayed condition and liable to go out at
any time with the first freshet. The lock is
a wooden one, aud ready to tumble in. Grand
rapids, at which this dam is built, is an ob-
struction which interrupts the navigation for
a stretch of two hundred and fifty miles of
that river above these rapids. It consists of
a fall of nine feet in the space of some seven
hundred feet of river. The board of engineers
recommend an appropriation of $175,000 to
beexpeoded upon that river this year, $135,000
of which to be expended at this point, where
the principal obstruction exists.
I Uia $50,000 will go but a little way toward
rebuilding that dam and lock. There are
steamboats of lightdraught which at the present
time are navigating the river above the rapids,
but they cannot pass this steamboat lock. The
river below that is navigable nearly the entire
season, and requires but little improvement to
make it entirely navigable. There are some
twelve different points, Major Weitzel states, at
which this money will be expended, and when
expended it makes this noble river navigable
for two thirds of the year. Between La Fayette
and the moath of the river there is a popula-
tion of three hundred and fifty-seven thousand
souls living upon its banks in the counties
bordering on the river, eleven of them on the
Indiana side and nine on the Illinois side. In
order to give the Senate some idea of the
growth and the prosperity of that great valley,
I may mention that the population during the
last decade has increased forty per cent.
Twenty-five years ago, when this dam was
first built, two hundred and thirty steamboats
passed through the lock in one year, and the
commerce ot' the river at that time amounted
to between four and five million dollars.
Such has been the increase in the population
and in the wealth of that fruitful and beautiful
valley that it is estimated by competent, judi-
cious men, that if these obstructions were re-
moved, this small sum of less than a third of a
million dollars expended, the commerce upon
that river would amount to twenty-five or thirty
million dollars a year. There is no valley of the
same extent in the West of equal fertility and
beauty. As I stated when I was up previously,
before the war the produce dealers-at New
