1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The District of Columbia—Mr. Chipman.
Ho. o? Reps.
ticularly to the Governor of the District. The
Governor, acting in the discretion which the
Legislature gave him in the negotiation of the
loan, sold the bonds in New York city to the
First National Bank at ninety-four cents on
the dollar. He made no negotiation beyond
that, and had no connection whatever, as the
testimony shows, and as I believe the gentle-
man admits, with the transaction beyond that.
But my colleague follows the bonds from the
First National Bank into the hands of the syn-
dicate which undertook their negotiation in
Europe. He says that the First National
Bank cleared $100,000 by their sale, and that
the syndicate, represented by Messrs. Selig-
man & Co., of New York, realized a profit of
$426,920, making a profit of over half a mil-
lion dollars, according to his statement.
If we were not already prepared for almost
any distorted view of the case which might be
presented by thegentleman, this would seem in-
deed remarkable when the truth is fully stated.
Of all the remarkable injustice of the speech
this is really the most cruel, and shows the
least candor and fairness of any portion. When
Governor Cooke went to New York to nego-
tiate this loan it was predicted by the injunction-
ists (I mean that class of men who were op-
posing the District government) that the loan
could not be negotiated at all at any fair figure.
Efforts were made to discredit the District, and
prevent the negotiation of the loan entirely.
Papers were sent to New York containing the
grossest misrepresentations with regard to the
condition of our affairs; they were also sent
to Europe. I have already quoted from the
record tbe testimony showing something of the
difficulty which he encountered, and present-
ing the advantages derived by the new gov-
ernment from the management, which I regard
as eminently wise, and which has reflected
great credit upon the government, but which
my colleague seems to look upon as little less
than a fraud. The Governor says, (page 192 :)
" Some of the opponents of the loan did not eon-
fine their efforts to defeat it within tho District, but
extended them to several of the leading money
markets of the world, and thus attempted to injure
the credit of the District."
Turn now to the evidence of Mr. Seligman,
the agent of the syndicate. See what con-
nection Governor Cooke had with him. Page
407 he says:
" By Mr. Eldbkdge:
"Question. What was this transaction between
you and Governor Cooke?
"Answer. We had no transactions with Governor
Cooke whatever. . . , . ,
" Question. What was the transaction m which
you became interested in these securities ?
"Anwoer. Weboughtof the First National Bank
of New York $1,500,000 of the District bonds at
96? and accrued interest, with the privilege of tak-
ing the other $2,500,000, making $4,000,000 grand
total up to the 1st of April. That is the bargain
we made withtbe First National Bank.
"ByMr.CREBs: , _
" Question. You had nothing to do with (jorernor
Cooke ?
"Answer. Nothing whatever.
" Question. With whom did you make your nego-
tiation ?
''Answer, The president of the First National
Bank. ,
*• Question. Did that in any way depend upon any
bargain that they had made with the Governor ot
this District?
"Answer. Not that X am aware of.
The whole of bis testimony is instructive,
and shows that while there was apparently
considerable profit in tbe negotiation of these
bond??, there was great risk in agreeing to take
so much of an entirely new loan unknown to
the market, and where the greater portion of
it was to be delivered at the discretion of the
holders of the bonds, and^ might be affected at
any time by difficulties with Europe or
wise, in which case the purchasers would be
bound to take them whether they incurred
loss or not. Mr. Seligman shows (page 508)
how great was the expense of advertising^ in
Europe, and says that the cost of advertising
thiB loan in Germany was 150,000 florins and
in Paris T5,000 francs. All this matter of
expense and risk my colleague overlooks en-
tirely, and foots up the total profits without
any deductions whatever.
In the course of his remarks he says that
the advertising of the loan in Europe is a false-
hood and misrepresentation throughout.
The evidence of Mr. Seligman, Governor
Cooke, &nd two others upon this subject shows
that the transaction so far as the District
government was concerned was confined to
the First National Bank of New York, and
that the Governor had nothing whatever to do
with any subsequent negotiation and knew
nothing of it. My colleague does not quote
the testimony, but relies upon the Galignani
newspaper, which was not brought before tbe
committee, and cannot therefore be treated
as evidence. Mr. Seligman did translate for
the committee an advertisement, and upon
this subject he was questioned; and since my
colleague has spade such a parade of this mat-
ter, I must quote from the testimony again,
(page 409:)
"By Mr. Chipman:
" Question. That language, 'authorized by act of
Congress, February 21, 1872,' does not relate to the
act under which the District government was au-
thorized— that Congress authorized the District gov-
ernment, which subsequently authorized the loan?
" Answer. That is the way I look upon it.
" Question. Were you deceived in the purchase of
these bonds by any statement that Congress had
authorized these bonds?
" Anmcer, Not at all.
" Question. Did you ever authorize any oneto state
that Congress bad authorized these bonds?
** Answer. No, sir. It was necessary to show some
authority whereby the District was authorized to
make this loan. That was the meaning of the lan-
guage, I suppose.
" Question. Have you ever heard that any of the
purchasers were deceived by the use of that lan-
guage?
" Ansicer. None have been that I am aware of.
" Question. Have you had any complaints from the-
purchasers that they have beendeceived by the lan-
guage ?
" Answer. Not at all.
" Question. Will you glance over this bond and see
whether that is the bond?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. X see in this the following language j
'This bond is issued in pnrsuanceof the act ot Con-
gress of the United States entitled "An act to pro-
vide a government lor the District of Columbia,
approved February 21,1871, and of an act of the Le-
gislative Assembly of the District of Columbia, enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for improve-
ments and repairs in the District of Columbia, and
providing for the payment thereof,approved Jnly
10,1871. and " An act relative to the interest on the
loan or bonds authorized to be issued by the District
of Columbia," approved December 16, 1S<1.
you believe, or did your house on seeing this bond,
that the United States had guarantied its pay-
** Answer. Oh, no. Xf the tmitod States had guar-
antied it. we should have had adherent price.
" Question. Would the language have been ait-
ferent if you had that guarantee ?
" Answer. I think so, by all means.
After all, the only question that, is pertinent
is whether Governor Cooke made a good sale
of the bonds in New York, tjpon this sub-
ject I will quote from Mr. Seligman again,
(page 410:)
" By Mr. Chipmax: . . , ,
" Qucstwn. I want to ask your opinion as a banker,
as to whether G-overnor Cooke, in negotiating this
loan in New York city at 94 net, made a good or a
bad bargain in that particular for the District;
in other words, was it a good negotiation or a oacl
0B" Answer. I should think it a very good one under
the circumstances.
"Question. Why?
" Anmer. Because there are so many American
securities now offered, particularly m J<ew lork,
that a bond of this kind at 94, a new bond. I snouid
think it. a very hitch price lor it, ana it was so con-
sidered at the titne. * • t
"Question. Do you know any other municipal
bonds, of other cities in the bnited States, now
quoted in Sew York as high as94?
" Answer. Yes, sir; several ot them, while there
are a good many that are a great deal leys.
Let rae also quote from the testimony of
Mr. Riggs, an eminent banker oftfais city,
and a gentleman who has no very kind feeling
toward the District government, and would
not be apt to misstate a fact in its interest,
(page 691:).
"Question. J>o you know the price at which the
bonds of this city are said to have been disposed of
by Governor Cooke?
"Answer. I do not; I have forgotten.
" By Mr. Chandleb:
" Question. The price was 9tt to 96J. What is your
opinion as to that price 1
" Answer. My opinion is what I told Governor
Cooke, that I thought it was very high.
" By Mr. Chipman :
" Question. You thought that a good sale ?
"Answer. Yes; I thought, and still think so.
"Question. What was it as compared with the val-
uation of indebtedness certificates of the eld gov-
ernment?
"Answer. Within my recollection the rate _ at
which the debt of the city has been sold has varied
from above par to 50 and 60. Of late years it was
much higher. The six per cent, bonds were sold for
82 and 83. These are six per cent, in gold. I mean to
say that the bonds of the present city government
sold higher than the old city debt."
I quote also from the testimony of Dr.
Blake, (page 694,) who is also a gentleman of
large experience in banking, and president of
one of the leading banks of the city, and a man
not likely to misstate facts in the interest of
the District government:
"Question. Do you consider the sale of the $4.(XX),-
000 bonds at 94 as a good sale ?
"Answer. I rely entirely on Mr. Biggs's opinion.
"Question. You think that his opinion in that
respect can be relied upon?
"Answer. I should regard it as a good sale from
what Mr. Biggs stated. I have heard him 9ay so
frequently betore."
how the four-million loan' was oahmed.
In connection with this discussion of tho
loan my colleague says:
"It may create suprise that the $4,000,000 loan,
when submitted to the people, was approved with
such remarkable unanimity; but this surprise will
be lessened when the methods taken to make it
popular are considered. In the first place, every
appliance at the command of the Board of Works
was used to force voters to sustain it. The poor
were threatened and cajoled; they were prom-
ised work if they supported it, and menaced with
starvation if they opposed it. Thousands of men
were placed on the pay-rolls just before election
day; voters were imported from neighbgring States,
and the blacks were organized into gangs, so much
so that men of property gave up the contest in
despair and allowed it to go by default."
Now, I pronounce this paragraph one tissue
of misrepresentation, and I challenge the gen-
tleman to point out in the record any testi-
mony to sustain him.
It would be very difficult for me to go over
the hundreds of pages of testimony and show
the negative, but his statement can be shown
to be utterly untrue. This statement of my
colleague rests precisely upon that class of
testimony which he quoted in the earlier part
of his speech on the same subject, and where
he relied upon a witness who said at the out-
set that he had no safe information upon
which to base an opinion, and who said that
he knew nothing of his own personal knowl-
edge. Not a single witness stated anything
from which an inference could be drawn that
he was promised work if he supported the
loan or menaced with starvation if he opposed
it. Not a single witness has testified that
voters were imported from neighboring^ eities.
The utmost that appears anywhere in the
record upon which to base so vile a calumny
was the statement of two or three witnesses
that laborers came to the District of Colum-
bia about the time of the election to secure
work; witness knew of no instance where a
foreign laborer had voted, and thinks the
blacks were not organized into gangs for the
purpose of voting : and the only thing irom
which this could be inferred is the fact ap-
pearing in the record that the political clubs
of the city maintained their organizations and
met as usual on the morning of the election,
and generally went to the polls in a body. In
no single instance was a man shown to have
been kept from the polls who desired t6 vote,
and in no single instance was a fiian shown to
have been coerced by physical or moral force
