1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2505
of their forests. In southern France many-
regions have beeome barren wastes of stone
from the same cause; and the vine and olive
have suffered severely from the denuding of
the mountain sides. In Germany, in latter
years, the peasants who inhabit the district
lying between the Spree and the Oder, com-
plain that the extensive clearing off of forests
has caused a most seiious diminution of yield
in the clover crop. Boussingault, in his Rural
Economy, having devoted much careful atten-
tion to this subject, says:
" In my judgment it is settled that very large
clearings must diminish the annual fall of rain in a
country."
Monestier Savignat, in his Etude Sur les
Eaux, testifies as follows:
" Forests on the one hand diminish evaporation ;
on the other the act of the atmosphere has refriger-
ating causes. It is established in wooded countries
that it rains oftener, and that the Quantity of rain
being equal they are more humid."
At Heilsbronn, on the Neckar, near which
I passed some months a student in my earlier
life, I witnessed the truth of what Hummel,
in his Physical Geography, states:
"The influence of forests upon springs is strik-
ingly shown by an instance at Heilsbronn. The
woods on the hill surrounding that town are cut
every twentieth year. The springs then yield less
water, some of them none at all; but as the young
growth of trees shoots up again they flow more and
more freely, and at length bubble up again in all
their original abundance."
A French authority, Cantegril, says of a cer-
tain French commune, that its people had
been long noted for their opposition to forest
laws. The woods in that commune had been
ruined by spoliation, and the soil was nearly
bare. The result -was that the manufactories
from which a large share of the people received
their support were almost deprived of water at
certain seasons, while at others the violence of
the floods was such that they were obliged to
stop their machinery for sometime. At length,
in 1870, the municipal authorities succeeded in
enlightening the people as to their real inter-
ests, protected by greater vigilance and re-
newed by fresh replantation, the forests have
been steadily improving; and in direct propor-
tion to this restoration of the woods the man-
ufactories have been restored to their former
advantages. There are no sudden floods, no
long droughts. The fulleries are no longer
compelled to suspend work in the summer
season.
M. Becqueral, in a recent admirable_ mag-
azine article respecting forests and their cli-
matic influence, says:
"Forests also contribute to the formation of
springs, not only by reason of the humidity which
they produce and the obstacles which they oppose
to the evaporation of the water which foils on the
surface, but farther because of the roots .of the trees,
which by dividing the soil, render it more pervious
and thus facilitate infiltration. A great number ot
illustrative examples have been cited, but we shall
here adduce only a few which may be regarded as
among the most remarkable.
"Btrabo informs us that it was necessary to take
great precautions to prevent the country of Jiabj-
Ionia from being submerged. The Euphrates, which
begins to swell, he tells us, at the close ot sruing,
when the snows melt on the mountains of Armeni a,
overflows at the beginning of summer, and would
necessarily form vast accumulations oi water on tlie
cultivated lands were not the superflux turned asidfe
bv means of trenches and canals. Ibis state oi
things exists no longer. M. Oppert, who some 5-ear 
ago traveled through 'u
volume of water conveyed by the Luphi ates i- much
less than in past ages, that inundations no longer
occur, that the canals are dry, the marshes exhausted
by the great heats ot summer, and that the country
has ceased to be insalubrious, This refi<oi the
-waters can only be attributed, as he lound means to
satisfy himself, to the clearing away ot the wrests
on the mountains of Armenia. .
"The effects in question, though denied by somo,
are not the less incontestible, as is shown by exam-
ples which I proceed to report, and which rest upon
observations worthy of entire confidence
" Do gaussure ( Voyage dans les Alpe% t. n, ch. U>)
long ago pointed out the diminution of water m the
lakes of Switzerland, especially in Lakes Morat,
\'eufchatel and Bienne, jis a, consequence of the
clearing away ot the forests. Choiseu Gouflier was
not able to distinguish m the Troad the river Sca-
miinder, which was still navigable in the time of
Pliny. Its bed is now entirely dry; but the cedars
also which covered Mount Ida, whence it took its
source, as well as the fsimois, exist no longer.
''M. Boussingault,{Annale8de Chimie etde Physique,
t. xiv, p. 113,) who studied this subject duiing his
sojourn in Bolivia, selected as the subject of his ob-
servations the lakes situated in the plains or on
different steps of the mountains. The valley of
Aragua, province of Venezuela, situated at a short
distance from the coast, has a very favorable climate,
and is of great fertility. It is closed in on every side,
the rivers which traveise it having no issue toward
the ocean; by their union they form tho lake of
Tacarigua or Valenciana, which, at the time when
Humboldt saw it, had been undergoing for somo
thirty years a gradual defecation, tho cause of
which was unknown. Oviedo, the historian of Ven-
ezuela in the sixteenth century, relates that the city
ot Nueva Valencia was founded in 1505, at the dis-
tance of halt' a league from the lake of Tacarigua,
from which, when Humboldt was there in 1800, it
wasdistant twenty-seven hundred toises, (three and
a third miles,) a proof of the retreat of tho waters
confirmed by a number of facts. According to the
celebrated traveler just named, the diminution of
the waters was directly attributable to the cieaung
awav of numerous forests. .
" In 1822 M. Boussingault learned of the inhabit-
ants that the waters of the lake had exhibited a
very sensible elevation; lands which wore beiore
cultivated were then submerged. It is to be noted
that for the term of twenty-two years previous the
valley had been the theater of bloody contests dur-
ing the war of independence; tho population hnd
been decimated, the lands had remained untitled,
and the forests, which grow with prodigious rapid-
ity under the tropics, had eventually occupied a
great part of the country. We see hero the mud-
enceof woods on the quantity of water which flows
or settles in a country, since lakes which had been
exhausted by the removal of forests were again'
replenished by their restoration."
Speaking of a French city and canton, the
same writer remarks:
" The Romans were able to bring to Orleans the
waters of the fountain of Etuvee, which at tho pres-
ent time is entirely dried up. Extensive excava-
tions, made within a few years, have brought to
light the foundations of Roman constructions where
no source of water any longer ex^ts; a stream,
moreover, to the cast of Orleans, which contributed
to the defense of the city during the siege in 1128,
and which was considerable enough to turn^imlls,
has completely disappeared. Now, on that side ot
Orleans there were great forests, winch have been
cleared away. In conseuuence of these clearings the
wells of the city have continued to yield less and
jess water, so that the municipal admiui&tration has
been obliged, within a few years, to incur an ex-
pense of 300,000 francs ($60,000) m order to bring
potable water troin the source ot the Loiret.
"In the canton of Chatillon-sur-Lomg there is a
commune called Sainte-G-enevieve-des-Dois, which
would appear to have been once a tract ot iorest,
but which presents to-day only s-raall groves scat-
tered hero and there. A stream formerly flowed at
the foot of the town where at present exists only
its dried bed, never containing water cxcept m
winter."
Say? Mr. W. W. Johnson, in an article
published in the Smithsonian report of 1870
respecting the ''distribution of iorest trees
in Montana, Idaho, and Washington" Terri-
tories :
" Living, as I have for several summers, under
canvas, and nay business calling my attention to the
clouds and the trees, my expeiioooe there corrobo-
rates my observation in Walla-Walla, as showing
that the showers of summer are of much more fre-
quent occurrence along: the mountain sides, and are
alwavs of longer duration among the limbered peaks
and "foot-hills, than in the lower and treeless por-
tions of the country.'1
A letter of William C. Bryant, the well-
known author and journalist, contains the
following pertinent remarks:
"It is a common observation that our summers
are becoming dryer, and our streams smaller, take
the Cuyahoga as an illustration. Jilty years ago.
lar<*e barges loaded with goods wont up and down
I hat river. Now, in the ordinary stase of the water,
a canoe or skiff can hardly pass aown the stream.
Many a boat of fifty tons harden has been built and
loaded in the Tuscarawas, at Iscw I ortage, and
sailed to New Orleans without breaking bulk. iNow.
the river hardly affords a supply ot water at J,cw
Porrige for the canal. The same may be said ot
other streams. They are drying up. And from the
same cause—the destruction of our lorests our sum-
mers are growing dryer, a.nd our winters colder.
It needs only to suggest the familiar fact
that the navigation of the Ohio, the Missis-
sippi, the Tennessee, the Cumberland, and a
multitude of smaller livers that might be
named, has been met by constantly increasing
obstructions, and the volume of water has
continually decreased ever since the t,flick tor-
ests which once lined their banks have been
sweot away. And, as confirmatory of the gen-
eraf observation, it may be remarked that the
river Volga, in Russia, has within the present
century seemed to be drying up, so that the
people who inhabit its banks, and the Govern-
ment, have become anxious _ respecting the
future of this long navigable river.
Another important effect of forests is to
diminish the frequency and the violence of
river floods and freshets ; and this action of
woods is not less important to public wealth
than in securing the permanence of natural
fountains, or attracting a natural and copious
rain-fall. The principle involved in prevent-
ing inundations, or diminishing their ravages,
is a simple one. Any cause which absorbs
largely of waler precipitated upon the earth's
surface in sudden and heavy rains must check
the formation of torrents and diminish the
rise of rivers. This is done in the case of the
thick growths of trees by arresting a largo
share of the fall, which would otherwise form
surface water, absorbing it in leaves, branches,
trunks, and roots, ana slowly transmitting^ it
to the surrounding soil. The surface ot a
forest can never pour forth such deluges of
water as flow from uncovered soil. Vegetable
mold (known as humux) is capable of absorb-
ing almost twice its own weight of water, and
the soil in a forest of deciduous trees is com-
posed of this hmnus to the depth of several
inches, frequently several feet.
In exact, accordance with these scientific
principles, we find the experience of countries
where inundations are the most frequent and
destructive. The Hbone in France is subject
to frequent and violent overflows; and these
have much increased since the cutting down of
the timber which once lined its banks through
the greater part of its course. The same^ is
true of the Ardkche, in the valley ol which
excessive quantities of rain have fallen for
many years. Jn 1827 there fell in one day
thirty-one inches of water In 1857 the inun-
dations in the south of France were so destruc-
tive as to be forever memorable. The original
forests in which the valley of the Ardfcche
formerly abounded have been rapidly ^ disap-
pearing for years ; and the terrific v plenc®
of the inundations which have since iaid it
waste is ascribed by French scientists to that
cause mainly. One third ot the area it waiers
had already, in 18I'.i, become absolutely barren
because of clearing; and new torrents were
continually forming to cover vast areas of
heretofore fertile lands with their (Mira in the
form of sand and gravel. In May, 1856, most
of the river basins of France were inundated
to an extraordinary height. A million acres
in the Loire valley were laid under water, and
nearly the same amount in the valley ot the
Rhone; and the amount of pecuniary damage
inflicted was almost incalculable. These inun-
dations destroy harvests, extensive enough to
become objects of national interest, besides
sweeping away farm buildings and human
habitations, and even destroying life.
The sammer floods in the United States,
although never yet so widely destructive as
those on the continent of Europe, havebecome
of late years alarmingly frequent. In the
cleared portions of Maryland and Virginia,
where the physical con forma,'ion of the coun-
try along the streams and rivers^ is favorable
to the intensity of rapidly dashing torrents,
these inundations have often proved exten-
sively destructive. If the pecuniary damages
resulting from river inundations in America, do
not compare in magnitude to those inflicted m
France, it, is owing partly to the fact that we
have not stripped the borders of our stieams
of foliage to so wide an extent, and partly
because their banks are not so thickly stuuded
with towns and costly improvements, whose
value can be reckoned by millions. ^
Without stopuing to discuss the acazcwi-
edo-ed fact that" in many, if not m all cases,
the destruction of woods has been followed
by a diminution in the annual quantity oi ram
and dew, I wish to call attention to tho
beneficent effect of forests in the diffusion
of miasuia. Becquerel, in his work on Oil-
mate, says that humid air charged with mias-
