2506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
matic vapors is deprived of them in passing
through the forests. The foliage of trees
exerts a chfemicai influence upon the atmos-
phere. The vast swamps of Virginia and the
Carolinas, so long as the native woods re-
main, are salubrious; but when denuded of
trees they become deadly and unwholesome.
Lieutenant Maury went so far as to state that
a thicket of sunflowers with tht-ir dense foli-
age planted between the Washington Observa-
tory and the marshy banks of the Potomac
had the effect of warding off the intermittent
fever, to which the officers of the Observatory
used to be subject. Mr. Marsh, in his Man
and Natuie, says that .sunflower plantations
have been made in the noxious Italian
marshes with favoiable results to the health
of the neighborhood.
But besides these considerations affecting
the navigation of rivers, the climate, the rain-
fall, and consequent fertility of the soil, and
the health of I he community, there is a ques-
tion of immediate practical lmporrance which
appeals directly to the American mind. We
are threatened with a want of a sulficieutquan-
tity of timber to meet the actual necessities of
life. Twenty million people are living in
dwellings chiefly constructed of wood ; their
barns and out-building aic of wood ; the fen-
cing of their farms, more expensive than their
other improvements, is of wood ; and all these
are perishable with time. Moreover our sixty
thousand miles of railroad consume annually
immense quantities of timber. Twenty-one
thousand six hundred cords of wood are daily
consumed in running railway trains three hun-
dred and twenty_thousand miles each twenty-
four hours. Sixty thousand miles of road re-
quire twenty-five hundied ties to the mile ; and
as they must be replaced every live years an
annual consumption of thirty million tie.? is
required. We will soon construct each year
ten thousand miles of new road, requiring
twenty-five million more ties, and when we
add to all these sources of forest destruction
the wood requited in the fencing of these rail-
roads, the half million telegraph poles which
each year will be required, and the vast amount
of the destruction of forest by flood and fire,
we must be absolutely startled with the con-
viction that whole provinces of woods which
have required a hundred years to grow are each
year being swept away, while nothing is being
done by either public authority or private zeal
to supply the place of that which is destroyed,
or piotect in any measure that which exists.
Unl'uituualely it is much easier to measure
the extent of the evil than to devise and apply
the remedy. One thing we know as certain,
that the lirot step toward any improvement is
the diliusion ol thorough public information
as to the faels and the causes of the fatal de-
cline irt the forest area, upon the preservation
of which so much national wealth and indi-
vidual happiness depends. Legislation can
do little thai, is ellVcUtal to arrest the progress
ol the evil, except where the State continues
proprietor ol extensive forests. Every pro-
prietor will, as a general rule, fell his wood
lands unless a stronger motive of self-interest
impels him to preserve them. The right to do
what uveiy man will with his own is regarded as
the most, sacred among civil rights; and every
step toward abridging it is regarded with the
utmost jealousy. Jiven among a people so
little averse to be governed as the French,
law has been found partially inadequate to
prevent the destruction of pi ivate forests. Yet
for the purpose of showing how deeply the
Governments and people of other lands have
been exercised by this question, and thereby
afford an argument and incentive to ourselves,
I propose to again call attention to some of
the many and divers efforts that have been
made in other lands to preserve existing and
promote the cultivation of new timber.
The laws of nearly all Kuropean Govern-
ments are aimed at securing the permanence
of the forest. Spain is said to be the only
one among them which has not made stat-
utory provision for the preservation and res-
toration of the woods. In some countries the
Government has made extensive plantations,
and individuals in nearly all have engaged in
sylviculture on a large scale, France has of
late years set herself to work with energy to
prevent the complete depopulation with which
some of her districts, formerly the most fer-
tile, are threatened by alternate droughts and
inundations to which they are subject since
the felling of the trees. In 1750 the area of
the forests of France was estimated by Mira-
beau at forty-two million acres. In 1860,
according to a Government return, they were
reduced to nineteen million seven hundred aud
sixty-nine thousand acres. In 1859, warned
by the tremendous and destructive inunda-
tions of the years immediately preceding, the
French Government passed a law regulating
the clearing of woodland and organizing a
police for its protee:ion. In 1860 provision
was made by staiute for promoting the restor-
ation of private woods. These laws interfere
materially with the right of private domain,
but were passed with almost entire unanimity,
being grounded upon a deep-seated popular
conviction that the protection and extension
"of forests is essential to cheek the violence
and prevent the recurrence of inundations.
The law of the 28th July, 18(30, appropriated
10,000,000 francs to be expended m executing
or aiding the replanting of woods. It has been
computed that this would secure the creation
of new forests to the extent of about two hun-
dred and fifty thousand acres.
Russia, which has always been reckoned a
country of forests, is beginning to suffer from
want of wood. Germany is in this respect in
far better condition than the rest of conti-
nental Europe; and this is largely owing to
the widespread and intelligent study of the
subject, of sylviculture, and the practical action
on the part of individuals aud Government in
the right direction. Germany has more books
on the subject, of forest preservation and culti-
vation than all other nations combined.
In England ail the physical conditions are
favorable to the preservation of forests, and
the tenure of land operates in the same direc-
tion. The preservation throughout the king-
dom of noble parks aud extensive forests in
the midst of a thickly settled and highly culti-
vated country is powerfully aided by the pecu-
liar climate of Great Britain, whose moisture,
equability, and freedom from extremes are
lavorable in the highest degree to forest cul-
ture and preservation. In England, far more
than in any other country, sylviculture is pur-
sued by private enterprise, though the evils
of denudations so lamentably felt on the conti-
tinent could never visit England with the same
force, owing to its insular position. Yet no
one can affirm with confidence how far the
moist climate of Great Britain, so notable a
characteristic in all ages of its history, and
so beneficial to mental and physical vigor,
lmiy be due to the handing down from gen-
eration to generation of those wide reaches of
natural timber which diversify its surface.
Yet, notwithstanding the immense natural
advantages for the preservation of woods in
England, we find them supplemented and re-
enforced, almost from the earliest times, by
stringent statutory provisions. The "statutes
of waste" prohibiting tlie felling of timber,
run back to the thirteenth century. The early
kings of England assumed the right of creating
royal forests over whatever lands they thought
fit, though without depriving the subjects in
possession of their property m the lands them-
selves. The early " forest laws" were in fact
such arbitrary laws as the king chose to pre
scribe, or as his "justice of eyre" (created
re'gn of Henry II) chose to lay down,
vv ithin a royal forest a man might not (and
indeed may not now) cut any " vert " even on
his own land, without license of the Grown.
By "vert" was understood not only trees of
all kinds, whether timber or not, but also hol-
lies, underwood, bushes, thorns, gorse, and in
short everything which could afford cover for
the deer or other game. The penalty for cut-
ting "vert" in a royal forest, even on a man's
own land, was that the land was seized into
the hands of the king until its owner should
pay a fine at the pleasure of the Crown and
the forest judge.
In the tune of Charles I the forest laws
were severely enforced for the sake of enacting
fines. In the reign of William of Orange the
waste of timber which had continued on a great
scale through the civil wars was somewhat
checked. During the reign of Henry VIII a
statute had been passed entitled " The bill for
the preservation of woods," (35 Henry VIII,
chapter 17,) by which very stringent provisions
supported by pecuniary penalties were made,
compelling owners of woo,Is to preserve and
fence certain proportions of their timber, and
even of their underwood, instead of cutting it all
down; and also for preventing the woods being
eonv ;rted into tillage. This was made perpetual
by the statute, 13 Elizabeth, chapter 25. During
the eighteenth century but, little was done to-
ward the preservation of timber save to enforce
the ancient laws, and little more appears to have
been needed in a country where most of the
forests were held by a tenure about equally
divided between the Crown and large pro-
prietors.
By the statute, 57 George III, chapter 61,
(in 1817,) the old offices of wardens and jus-
tices in eyre of his Majesty's forests were
abolished ; aud by a consolidation act passed
in the year 1829 relating to the royal woods
and forests, it was provided that a court of
verderers should be held every forty days, and
power was given them to levy fines of twenty
pounds for encroachments upon any forest.
Much evidence of the forestal rights of the
Crown, &c., will be found detailed at great
length in a report of the select, committee of
the House of Commons on royal forests in
1818-19.
In 18-51 an act came into operation consti-
tuting a board of commissioners of woods, for-
ests, and land reserves, which board made its
twentieth annual report to Parliament in 1871.
The two commissioners of woods and forests
receive a salary of £1,200 each. Their duties,
however, are limited to the cire and manage-
ment of the royal forests and lands, and the
superintendence of receipts and disbursements
connected therewith. Besides Windsor park
there are ten more or less extensive forests,
the title to which is vested in the Crown, but
which are by custom open to the people as
public parks.
Whatever may have been the prompting
motive of English statesmen, I have referred
at some length to her laws upon the subject,
because they show the solicitude which has
been felt, and because we know how beneficial
have been the results.
Indeed, we may deduce from England's
example the wisdom, were it possiole in
republican America, of preserving for public
Ujses large tracts of the public domain iu
national forests, and the saving them from
that total destruction through private cupidity
which otherwise awaits them.
The European laws which I have enumer-
ated I do not present as examples to be fol-
lowed, but as sources whence we may derive
an intelligent opinion as to what legislation at
the hands of the Govermentand local govern-
ments may be necessary in the future.
I now submit this measure to the considera-
tion of this House, and solicit the honest views
of members, expressing myself ready to ac-
cede to any amendments that may be conceived
in a proper spirit.
Mr. SAltGENT. I move to amend the bill
by adding to section eleven the proviso which
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That this act shall not apply to mineral
