1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the gentleman be allowed three minutes.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
personal explanation.
Mr. LEACH. Upon coming into this Hall
this morning, after the House had met, I was
informed by my colleagues that some excite-
ment had grown out of the announcement of
the fact that the name of Governor Z. B.
Vance, of North Carolina, appeared among
the names presented on yesterday for incor-
poration in a bill for the removal of disabili-
ties. And it was stated by yourself, Mr.
Speaker, as I understand, that you were sorry
the member who presented that name was not
present to avow it and ask to have it with-
drawn. Sir, I presented that name, and I did
so in view of what I thought to be the duty
that devolved upon me as a member of this
House.
It is a fact known I suppose to the whole
House that Governor Vance is not one of
those excluded by any law that has passed
Congress, or by any rule or vote of this House.
He was a member of Congress with me before
the war, and we remained here acting and
voting as Union men until the expiration of
our term and the inauguration of the late
lamented President Lincoln.
This House has by three fourths or four
fifths majority passed not less than four or five
bills removing the disabilities of Governor
Vance. More than that, sir, his relief is
recommended by ex-Governor Holden, of
North Carolina, and also, I have understood,
by the present Governor, Governor Caldwell;
and I believe all five of the Republican judges
of the supreme court of my State. In addi-
tion to that, the Legislature of North Carolina,
embracing one hundred and seventy members,
and containing a very large Republican minor-
ity, passed, with but nine or ten dissenting
votes, a resolution which was sent to this Con-
gress asking for the removal of the disabilities
of Governor Vance.
These, sir, are facts which stand upon rec-
ord; and I take occasion to say now and here
that those who know me know I am incapable
of any conduct incompatible with the charac-
ter of a gentleman or of taking any improper
advantage in any matter of this kind.
Now, sir, as this House had passed several
bills for the removal of the disabilities of Gov-
ernor Vance, and as he was. not embraced in
the classes which have been excluded in the
general bills, I had a right to present his name
in the manner I did as that of a warm personal
friend and a generous-hearted man; and in so
doing I was representing the people of my
State. I know that I was representing nine-
teen twentieths of more than two hundred and
twenty thousand voters of North Carolina of
both parties and both races. I know, sir,
that Governor Vance, with whom I am well
acquainted, would be the last man in the world
to have his name standing in a bill as an
obstacle to the removal of the disabilities of
anybody else.
In the simplicity of my nature, in the hon-
esty of my heart, with a sincere purpose to do
what I thought right, and what 1 thought jus-
tified by the bills which this House passed
last spring and again last winter, and I believe
again this spring by four fifths majority for the
removal of Governor Vance's disabilities, I
introduced his name in' the bill presented yes-
terday ; and in doing so I do not understand
that 1 have committed any unpardonable sin.
If I had supposed it to be in conflict with any
understanding agreed upon in this House, I
certainly would not have done so. I would
not upon any consideration have introduced
the name of any man whom I understood to
be embraced in the excluded classes.
Feeling that in making this statement I have
discharged my duty in this regard, and regret-
ting that I was not present when the question
was brought up, I thank the House for indulg-
ing me in this explanation.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no doubt that the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Leach]
acted in the utmost good faith; but in order
that the sense of the House may be taken on
this question, I enter a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill (H. R. No. 1935)
was passed.
The SPEAKER. One remark made by the
gentleman from North Carolina might imply
that he had misunderstood what the Chair
said. The Chair endeavored carefully to ex-
clude all possible idea that any gentleman had
inserted this name with any intention of will-
fully evading the will of the House on this
question. The Chair had no conception that
any gentleman had introduced the bill from
any improper motive whatever.
Mr. LEACH. I did not mean to imply
that the Speaker had made such an imputa-
tion. I have very great respect for the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair endeavored
very carefully to exclude any such inference.
The motion to reconsider will be entered.
central pacific kailroad.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts' [Mr. Hoar] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] yields to me that
I may enter a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill (H. R. No. 1553) relating to
the Central Pacific Railroad Company was
this morning recommitted.
correction oe the journal.
Mr. ADAMS. I notice that in the proceed-
ings of the House yesterday, as reported in
the Globe of this morning, my name is re-
corded in the negative upon the motion of the
gentleman from West Virginia [Mr. Hereford]
to suspend the rules in order to adopt his res-
olution declaring that " it would be contrary
to the Constitution and a tyrannical usurpa-
tion of power for Congress to force mixed
schools upon the States." In point of fact I
was not in the House when the vote was taken
upon that question ; and if I had been present
I would have voted in the affirmative. I find
from examination of the Journal of the House,
kept by the clerks, that the same error seems
to have been made by them. I ask unani-
mous consent that the Journal be corrected in
that regard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and the correction of the Journal will
accordingly be made. The Globe reporters
will take notice and make their own correc-
tions.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts yields to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wheeler] to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the Central
Pacific railroad bill was recommitted with in-
structions. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] rose almostat the same time to move
to reconsider and lay upon the table.
Mr. HOAR. I do not yield for any other
purpose than to- enter a motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts yields to the gentleman from
New Sforlc to enter a motion to reconsider.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rose as soon as possible
to move to reconsider and lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table, and I believe it has
been almost the universal practice to enter-
tain such a motion on the part of the majority.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana claims that he rose to move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table, and the
Chair recognizes the fact that the rules of the
House allow the majority to govern in such
cases. The gentleman from Indiana can there-
fore raise the question whether or not the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts shall proceed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do raise the question.
Mr. HOAR. I suppose the Pennsylvania
election case of Cessna vs. Meyers will be dis-
posed of without debate, and, if the gentleman
will jjermit, I hope it will be disposed of before
he raises his question.
The SPEAKER. The point at issue is
whether the motion to reconsider and lay upon
the. table shall be entertained. The Chair
recognizes the fact that the gentleman from
Massachusetts was recognized in advance of
the gentleman who now makes the motion to
lay upon the table, but at the same time the
rules of the House prescribe a way of proceed-
ing. It is not for the Chair to interrupt the
will of the majority.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do insist on my right to
make a motion to lay upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wheeler,]
who has charge of the bill, desires at some
opportune moment, later in the session, to test
the sense of the House on the amendment
with which the bill was recommitted to his
committee, and for that purpose he entertains
a motion to reconsider to be called up at some
time when the business and leisure of the
House will allow.
Mr. HOLMAN. The motion the gentle
man from New York sought to enter, was
made long after I had made the motion to
reconsider and lay upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will ob-
serve that the motion which the gentleman
from New York enters might be entered at
anytime during the day, or it might be entered
to-morrow, for it is merely a motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. HOLMAN. I sought to anticipate that
motion according to the uniform practice of
the majority in this House.
The SPEAKER The Chair understands
that, and if the gentleman insists on his mo-
tion, to the exclusion of the gentleman from
New York, he has the right to do so. When-
ever the gentleman from New York calls up
the motion to reconsider it will be in order
then to move to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on my motion to
lay upon the table now as a duty 1 owe to the
majority of the ITouse who recommitted that
bill, and who intended it should be recom-
mitted to that committee.
The SPEAKER. If the House refuse to
consider the Pennsylvania contested-election
case called up by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, the Chair will then entertain the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana to
reconsider and lay upon the table.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to inquire whether, if
that contested-election case can be disposed
of in two minutes, we had not better dispose
of i t at once ?
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent, for afterward the gentleman
would have no right to enter his motion to
reconsider and lay upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope unanimous consent
will be given, so that I may make my motion
to reconsider and lay upon the table after that
contested-election case has been disposed of.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to this
question being raised by the gentleman from
Indiana after the election case has been dis-
posed of?
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
election case cessna vs. meyers.
Mr. HOAR. I ask that the resolution
reported by the Committee of Elections be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Benjamin 1<\ Meyers is entitled to
retain tlio seat which he now holds from the sixteenth
congressional district of Pennsylvania.
Mr. KILLINGER. Let me make an inquiry
before the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
