1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4299
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; one bill at a time.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is the steamboat
bili, which t desire to get up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This can be passed in a
minute.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
Mr. STOCKTON. I agree to what the Sen-
ator proposes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that House bill
No. 2110 be taken up, and then I will inform-
ally lay it aside.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to laying any-
thing aside, informally.
Mr. FENi'ON. What is the next business
in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Chair has recognized
the Senator from New Jersey. He is entitled
to have a vote on his motion. That is the first
thing in order.
Mr. STOCKTON. I did not understand
that the Senator from Michigan wanted to call
up a bill which would lead to debate.
Mr. FENTON. What is the next business
in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
business in order will be whateverany Senator
may move who shall get the floor.
Mr. FENTON. What is the first in order
on the Calendar apart from any motion?
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I thought
I had unanimous consent to bring up Senate
bill No. 999.
Mr. FENTON. I do not object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey moves to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 999, to author-
ize inquiries into the causes of steam-boiler
explosions.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to authorize
the President of the United States to cause
such experiments to be made and such inform-
ation to be collected as in his opinion may be
useful and important to guard against the
bursting of steam-boilers; and requests him
to communicate the same to Congress; and
appropriates the sum of $100,000 for the pur-
poses of this act.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see the necessity
for such a large appropriation for inquiries to
be made by a gentleman selected for the pur-
pose. Perhaps the Senator can give a reason.
Mr. STOCKTON. lean give every reason,
but I may occupy time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is time enough.
Mr. S TOCKTON. Some time ago, in the
fall of last year, after the bursting of the W est-
field, many distinguished engineers got to-
gether, and I myself obtained permission from
General Grant, then at Long Branch, that they
might use the Government property at Sandy
Hook, being the only place convenient to a
great city where they could try experiments of
this nature. They came to the conclusion that
since the report of Professor Bache, which was
made on the recommendation of Geueral Jack-
son by the Franklin Institute, there had b'een
nothing of any importance that did any good
towards the discovery of what caused steam-
boiler explosions. After thirty years and more
we are in the state of ignorance that we were
then. Twelve or fourteen treatises have been
written, every one of them differing from every
Other. They determined that the only way
was to try experiments upon real boilers. They
got an appropriation of $10,000 from one com-
pany in my own State. They got boilers that
are worth $10,000, seven of them ; I think five
are there still.
In the presence of one hundred engineers,
with engineers of the Navy Department, engin-
eers of the Army, and scientific men from
all over the country present, they burst three
boilers. They ascertained one thing: that
they could find why those boilers burst and
that they did not know now. They exploded
not only the boilers, but they exploded every
theory that has ever been tried before, and no
step can be made in advance, as they report,
and as engineers of the Navy report, untifthey
go to work and burst boilers. This company
has given these seven boilers out of their own
means, some twenty thousand dollars, already.
The engineers of the Navy and others, Pro-
fessor Henry, of the Smithsonian Institution,
and the Secretary of the Treasury have recom-
mended this appropriation. Judge Bradley,
of the Supreme Court, called the attention
of the Secretary to the matter in a long letter,
in which the case is much better stated than
I can state it, and certain marked passages of
which I send to the Clerk and ask him to read.
I would not allude to it but that this letter was
attached to the bill and sent with it to the
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN.^ I do not care about its
being read for my information. This struck
me as a large sum for such a purpose; but, if
the committee have carefully examined the
matter, I would rather take their opinion than
my own.
Mr. CONKTjTNG. Let us hear the letter
and see what it is.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Washington, April 15,1872.
Sir: For the purpose of promoting the object of
a large number of engineers and others interested
in steam transportation, who desire that Congress
should authorize experiments to be made to ascer-
tain, with greater certainty, the cause of explosions
and the best means of preventing them. and at the
instance of persons speaking in their behalf, I have
taken the liberty of addressing you the following
letter. I hope that the intrinsic importance of the
subject will be my excuse tor troubling you with its
perusal.
After the lapse of more than fifty years, the sub-
ject of explosions of steam-boilers has lost none of
its interest or importance. They recur as frequently
as ever, and are attended with frightful results to
persons and property. Legislation has hitherto
wholly failed to corrcct the evil. The cause of this
failure has been the ignorance which has existed
(and which still exists) with regaid to the precise
causcs by which explosions are produced. The want
of proper experiments on real boilers has left the
matter open to speculation ; and the result is a wide
diversity of opinion among even skillful engineers,
as to the true causes ot these disasters. With such a
diversity of opinion, it is impossible to procure ver-
dicts against those who are really guilty of negli-
gence. In nearly all cases that have occurred since
the passage of the first law in 1838, the guilty party
has been shielded by the uncertainty and doubt that
has prevailed as to the causes ot the explosion.
The notion has become prevalent that these acci-
dents (as they are called) are the result of .some
mysterious cause—the production of an unknown
gas, the combination of electrical and chemical
torces, against which no foresight can guard. Such
notions have a tendency to stop inquiry, as well as
to relax the attention and watchfulness of engineers
in charge, A series of experiments, conducted on a
proper scale, and in a proper method, would un-
doubtedly tend to dispel such illusions, and to re-
veal the exact causes of explosion, against which it
is necessary to guard. And whatever diversity of
opinion exists among engineers as to these causcs,
it is believed that they are quite unanimous as to
the necessity of direct proof by experiments on act-
ual boilers, on the following points: first, the com-
parative strength of old and new boilers, of boilers
differently constructed, and of boilers constructed of
different kinds of iron; and secondly, the methods
of relieving them of too great pressure.
But the experiments that arc requisite for attain-
ing these ends require too great an outlay of money
to be maintained at private expense. They need
and should have the support of the Government,
especially as the Government attempts (very prop-
erly) to regulate the subject.
Experiments on the causes of boiler explosions
were made about thirty-five years ago by the Frank-
lin Institute of Philadelphia, and a report was made
to the Secretary of the Treasury, who had furnished
the funds. These experiments were made by a very
able board, of which Professor A. I). Bache was
chairman. The results obtained, and the deductions
from them, constitute nearly all that is now known
on the subject of explosions, and of the means of
preventing them. This report has been published
all over Europe, and lorms the standard of refer-
ence. (See report E, Document 162, first session
Twenty-Fourth Congress.) But these experiments
were made upon model boilers of small dimensions,
for the purpose of obtaining theoretical resulta as
to the behavior of the structure under certain pre-
conceived conditions. The trial of real boilers and
the careful examination of boilers actually burst,
and especially the reconstruction and testing of them
under various conditions, was not attempted.
^Chere have been as yet. in no country, any serious
attempts made by trials and experiments on steam-
boilers of the size and kind generally used to
find the laws governing explosion?, or to find the
means of preventing them. From their dangerous
nature, such experiments cannot be made upon boil-
ers in use; and the examination of thuftebrta of an
explosion generally adds nothing to our knowledge.
Ihe necessity of such experiments has been acknowl-
edged m all countries where steam is employed; but
the expense and difficulty of making them on actual
boilers have prevented their being made. From a
few experiments made at Sandy Hook in .November
last, upon boilers of different ages, in the preseuco
of a large number of engineers, it became perfectly
apparent that much is yet to be learned on the en-
tire subject, and that intelligent and efficient legis-
lation cannot be devised in reference to it until the
investigation is prosecuted much further than it lias
yet been. The probability is very great that, con-
trary to opinions frequently advanced, there are no
forces acting in the explosion of steam-boilcis but
such as can be controlled, and that in every instance,
by proper experimental inquiry, the true cause can
be ascertained.
The principal objects of a proper system of ex-
periments would be the following:
1. To detect the faults in the ordinary construc-
tion of boilers.
2. To adopt more perfect means of preventing
dangerous pressure.
3. To acquire such certainty as to the true causes
of disasters by explosions that the penal lawa on
the subject may be strictly and intelligently en-
forced, and that thereby owners, constructors, and
those haviug charge of boilers may be more careful
and diligent in the performance of their duties to
the public.
In view of these considerations, it seems to me
that Congress would do very wisely to authorize the
Government to have a systemof experiments made,
under the charge of a board of skillful engineers,for
the purpose of ascertaining those results, which the
increased facilities of the engineering art would now
render attainable.
I have tlic honor to forward with this a copy of
the repoi t made by Chief Engineer Isherwood and
others of the experiments made at Sandy Hook in
November last, to which allusion has been made.
A more full report by Professor Thurston, illustrated
by drawings, has been published in the Franklin
Institute Journal. * * * * * *
Kespectfully, your obedient servant,
JOS. P. BKADLEY.
Hon. George S. Boutwell,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CONKLfNG. What is the occasion
of so large an expenditure of money? I wish
the Senator from New Jersey would state.
Doubtless he understands.
Mr. STOCKTON. Tho occasion for money
is that they want to burst actual boilers. It
costs a great deal of money. The larger num-
ber of boilers you have to burst, the more in-
formation you get. Does the Senator know
that the frequency of the bursting of boilers
is about one every three days? The explo-
sions doing damage about equal on an average
to that done by the bursting of the Westfield's
boilers occur about one in five years for the
last fifty years. Engineers generally differ as
to the causes of those explosions, but as a
body they now unite in opinion as to the
necessity of direct experiment on boilers, and
they think that they can ascertain precisely
the causes of explosions by continuing these
experiments.
Why, Mr. President, this appropriation is
trifling for such a purpose. Let me call your
attention to what happened in the time of
General Jackson. I hold m my hand a little
book entitled " Report of the Committee of
the Franklin Institute of the State of Penn-
sylvania," which had great celebrity at that
time. They started to make their own experi-
ments, they claimed no aid from Government,
just as this was done, by private companies.
The Government did not wait for them to ask
for it ;
"The committee, whose report of experiments,
made by the request of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury of the United States, is presented in the follow-
ing pagt's. was appointed on the 10th of June, 1&30,
for the purposes expressed in the following resolu-
tion of the board ot managers of the Franklin Insti-
tute of the State of Pennsylvania for the promotion
of the mechanic arts.
" Rvxolved, That a committee of seventeen members
be appointed to examine into the causes of the ex-
plosions of the boilers used on board of steamboats,
and to devise the most effectual means of preventing
the accidents, or of diminishing the extent of their
injurious effects.
"The committee consisted of the following-named
members of the Institute: Alexander B. Bache,
chairman, Bobert Hare, M. 1)., S. V. Merrick, W.
II. Keating. Isaiah Lukens. James 5. Rush, James
Bonaldson, Frederick Graff, li. M. Patterson, M- I).T
J.K. Mitchell, M.D., Benjamin Reeves, George Fox,
Thomas P. Jones, M. D.. W. K. Johnfon, JML. W.
Baldwin, James P. Espy, George Merrick."
