1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
up a large standing army at an enormous
expense to the Government, thus holding as
it were at the cannon's mouth this persua-
sive policy initiated and inaugurated by this
Administration. We desire to know whether
we are to make war, or whether we are to feed
instead of lighting ttie Indians. We want to
know whether it. is the intention to endeavor
to domesticate, civilize, and Christianize these
barbarians and savages, or whether the old
policy is to be continued, of their annihilation
and obliteration. In my judgment, the time
has arrived when it, is necessary for the policy
of the Government to be permanently estab-
lished as to what is the true course to pursue
in reference to the Indian tribes, and 1 want
the gentleman from California to tell us if the
new policy lias been successful, and what is
now necessary to be done in order to carry out
that policy. •
Mr. SARGENT. The policy to which the
gentleman alludes is not strictly a new one; it
was not adopted for the first time last year,
but it was inaugurated in the first year of this
Admtnistiation. Last year I took some pains
to elaborate the details of this system, and to
explain a-! crrtfully as I then could the man-
ner m which it operated, so far as it had been
tiied. The Commit ee on Appropriations last
year, and also the House, upon the suggestions
that we made, extended the policy to ether
tiibes. There is a lact that perhaps need not
be stated upon ihis tloor, or officially to arrest
the intention of the gentleman and that is that
where four or live years ago, and from that
time back, for a dozen years, nearly every mail
that, came Irom the West brought us news ot
Indian massacres, as, lor in&tance, that ill
Minnesota; of depredations upon the prop-
erty of citizens; ot wrongs inflicted upon the
Indians themselve-i; and tiequently along the
whole Indian boider. During the latt two or
three yjars these accounts have been extremely
rare; I mny say that during ihe last jear, with
the excepiion of Arizona, no such occurrences
have taken place at ail, or if there have been
any instances, they could be traced t.o the per-
sonal bo.-tility of some Indian toward some
white man, or some act of aggression on the
part ot some white man toward bome Indian.
As a general rule, these aggressions ou the
piu t of the Indians and ou the part of white
men have ceased.
It has been found that the policy of feeding
the Indians was cheaper than the policy of
fighting them; that furthermore it was more
humane ; that if we desired to prevent the
extinction of these Indian tribes by oppres-
sions at the hands of the American people, or
by carelessness on the part of the Government,
it was necessary to give them homes upon the
more undesirable lands to which they had
been driven by the progress of civilization and
by our tides of population rolling westward,
where they might be enabled to subsist, that
they might not be by extremity forced to com-
mit theft, and consequently to engage in deeds
which ultimately would lead to murder and
bloodshed. J took some pams to explain this
matter last year, for it was necessary even then
to explain it, though this policy was working
well.
There is another feature upon which I might
enlarge if I was willing to take up the time of
this committee; and that is, that the various
religious denominations are taking hold ot this
matter with good i'aitli and hearty zeal, and
are seconding this plau of the Administration
to civilize the Indian tribes. They no; merely
select and i ecom mend persons upon whom they
can rely lor special agents, but they establish,
at their own cost and at very considerable
expense, schools and churches, and pay their
o n agents to be about the schools and to
superintend the business of educating and civ-
ilizing these Indians, to see that the agents of
the Government and others are not cheating
them. The Episcopul church is engaged in
this good work. The Society of Fneuas, both
the Orthodox and the Hicksites, if I may be
allowed to refer to those distinctions, are also
carrying on the work of this reform. The
Methodists are engaged in it, as they have been
for years; the Baptists are largely engaged in
it; and I might mention other denominations
that are working heartily to carry out this plan
to a suceess'ul result. There seems t.o be a
public sentiment growing up in the West m
favor of this policy toward the Indians, because
it, is found to promote the peace of the set-
tlers. However, it is not necessary to enlarge
upon that matter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. 1 withdraw the amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I renew it for the pur-
pose of making an inquiry. I would like to
know of the gentleman irom Calilornia [Mr.
SabgentJ what amount is appropriated in this
bill. 1 see no amount is stated in the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. By an oversight of the
clerk the amount is not put in the bill; it is,
in round numbers, $5,500,000.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How does that corre-
spond with the amount of the annual appro-
priaiion bill of last year lor thiJ. purpose?
Mr. SARGENT. The appi'opi iation for
Indian puiposes last )ear was considerably m
exce-ts of that; but for the specific purpose nf
this lull the appropriation last year was a little
over four minion nine hundred and ninety
thousand dollars. The increase is due to one
or two items to which 1 havo already referred :
for instance, the attempt to bring the Apaches,
who heretofore have been implacable, under
this system, to feed them and induce thein to
s ay upon reservations, instead of preying upon
the white*. The Territory of Arizona toryears
past lias been a perlect hell to the white man.
We aie endt-avoiing lo induce the Apaches t<>
remain at peace ; and the prospect is excellent
that they may, provided we use' the tuums that
have quelled "red devils" elsewhere.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman speaks
of a "perlect tied." It is the first time 1 have
heard of perfection in that place ; but 1 sup-
pose the gentleman'b liiloimatiou o:i that sub-
ject is perfectly lel.able. [Laughter. J
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman will find
he will have to get considerable information
from mo on many points ; and he is welcome
to it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire whether
the statement of the aggregate amount of the
appropriations contained in the bill was omit-
ted intentionally?
Mr. SARGENT. It was accidentally omit-
ted by the clerk, and was not discovered by
me until too late to have the omission rectilied
in the printed bill. The omission was not
intended to cover up anything.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It appears from the
admission of the gentleman that the amount
here appropriated is largely in excess of the
annual appropriation bill for this puipose, as
passed heretolore. JN'ow, t wish to inquire of
the gentleman whether his peace policy is in-
tended and expected to be more expensive
than the war policy; in other words, is it
going to cost, more Lo feed these Indians than
ithas heretofore cost to fight them? is there
not about as much fighting going on uo.v with
the Indians as there has been? Have we not
about as large an army to keen them in sub-
jection as we had before we commenced the
policy of feeding themV I would like to know,
further, whether the present policy seeks only
to keep the Indians in order, or whether it
also seeks to prevent the white men from
robbing or otherwise maltreating the Indians?
Mr. S'ARGEN f. I wili endeavor to answer
the gentleman's questions. For the purpose
of fighting the Indians very much larger appro-
priations would be required than tho^o which
we now propose. Under the war policy vol-
unteers have iiequeuHy been lequued to be
called out from the Stales and Teiritorie
involving an enormous expense 1 he Army is
smaller than it h-is been et any time during
the last ten years, as I suppose the gentleman
must be well 'aware. There has not been as
much lighting going on during the last year
and under the present system as there has
been heretofore. In fact, there has been no
lighting, unless the operations of Stonoman
and Crook in Arizona may be considered of
that character, some Indians there having
been chased up. The peace system is far less
expensive than the war policy. This bill pro-
poses to appropriate about five and a half mil-
lion dollars. Under a war policy the expense
would be somewhere between forty and sixty
millions; and it is very doubtlul whether it
could bo brought within that limit.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. CONNER. I renew the amendment.
I simply wish to call the attention of the
House to a fact which I referred to in the dis-
cussion last year during the pendency of a
similar bill. This so-called *'peaee policy"
which has been inaugurated by the Adminis-
tration and forced upon the country is not
a peace policy in fac. It is a policy which
enables and invites ihe Indian tiibes quaitred
upon the reservations adjacent to my diMrct,
the district of one of my colleagues, and many
other disincta, all along the fiontier, IrOiu the
lakes to the Rio Grande, to raid upon our set-
tlements. pillage our plantations, drive off our
horses, murder our men, and carry away our
women and children into captiviiy. Wiihiu
seventy five miles of the town wheie I reside
we have almost every month a visitation of
these hostile Indians from Fort, Sill, where
there is a regiment of United States troops
quartered, for what purpose 1 cannot te'l, un-
less it is to see that the ludi.ins on thai, reser-
vation draw their supplies wiih pioiupt.nesr, and
regularity. W'e send our eit..Z'-us over there,
and they ideuti y the i-tolen properly accord-
ing to all the rule-, ot evidence. Our hor.-es are
found iheie m charge of the Indians, wlviliat'e
stolen them. We idenlily them ; but in s eps
one of your broad brimmed commissiouoi sand
requires us to ransom or buy our own property.
Since this policy was inaugurated a unmoor
of 1 itilo children and women have been cap-
tured by the Indians and carried to thai reser-
vation. Their friends and relations followed
them of course, and when the Indians brought
them into military or Indian licadquaittrs
what do you suppose occuricd? '1 here on the
flagstaff lioated the banner oi the Republic;
there were your regular troops, proper,y oGt-
cered, prepared, ready, and anxious to vindi-
cate the power and honor of their Government;
there, too, were the captive mother and chit
dren, and there also were the friends le.idv to
carry them back, not to their fonner home,
because that had been burned, dcstioyeil, and
pillaged by the Indians who had cap'ured
them, but to the white settlements, where thev
would not be subjected to those lioirihlc and
revolting atrocities which I will not mention.
Now, sir, theie is an actual pcune nut/
drawn from imagination. But it, does not slop
there. There is yet anolner scene in this
bloody peace drama. It is this: t lie in cuds
and relations are compelled to ransom the
captives—one hundred or two humhed dol-
lars for a child. The Indian goes unpun-
ished, receives a rewatd for his services, in the
shape of new and fresh supplies, stradd a
stolen horse, and returns to Texas to reenaet
his bloody but peaceful war dance, i say ilx;
Indian is rewarded lor these a.rocites l>y tins
policy, and speaks in great praise of the " big
chief at Washington," whom he regards as his
fiieud for protecting htm m his bClionK'o of
theft and murder. As a consequence the In-
dians have of late directed their energies and
Im: nod their efl'orts in the direction ot stealing
children instead of horses, because a child "ill
command 3100 when a horse will oaly eom-
:.;asd twenty five dollars.
liy ibis morning's mail I received a letter
from one of my old frontier constituents, and
