4300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
All men of great scientific celebrity.
"Immediately after their appointment, the com-
mittee addressed a circular letter to persons whom
they supposed would be able to give information in
regard totho explosions of steam-boilers which had
occurred in our country or abroad, and of which no
accounts had been previously published. They took
also other means to inform themselves on the sub-
ject referred to them.
"'JClie information derived from replies to the cir-
cular has already been made public.
" While the committee were engaged in the in-
quiries neccssary to onable them to report to the
managers of the Franklin Institute, a letter was
received by that body from the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States"—
Mr. Ingham I think was Secretary of the
Treasury at the time—
*'informing them that funds had been plaoed
by tho House of Representatives, at the disposal of
the Department, for inquiries in regard to the ex-
plosions of steam-boilers, and inviting experiments
on the subject by the institute, at tho expense of
the Treasury Department."
Mr. President, millions of dollars and many
lives would be saved in our Government ves-
sels by ascertaining this fact. I have seen my-
self letters from different parts of the world ;
one from Alsace, in France, to the gentlemen
who have made these experiments; the whole
scientific world has been aroused by the report
already made by these gentlemen, who are
among the most distinguished engineers. When
you talk about steamboat bills, let me remind
you that, here is a bill directed to an effort to
secure life, to prevent this terrible destruction
of life that has taken place in our country.
Can you do anything whatever so good as m
the first place, if'you can, to enable men to as
certain the eausos of t,ho bursting of boilers?
The engineers absolutely do not know at this
moment whether they ought to enlarge their
safety-valves or not. A very distinguished
engineer told me tho other day tliut lie was
rather inclined to think that.these experiments
showed that they ought to enlarge the safely-
valves. "Why do you not doit," 1 asked.
The reply was, '' 1 am afraid to do it; it might.,
Oil the other hand, it tho theory is wrong, be
the cause of explosion."
I cannot explain more fully without taking
much more time on this Huhjeet, I think Sen-
ators must agree that this is a very important
bill.
Mr. OONKLING, 1 agree entirely with the
Senator from New Jersey in all that he has
said. Tho point of my inquiry was to bring
out the fact that this money was to be ex-
pended, in part at least, in paying for the
boilers which must be destroyed in prosecut-
ing the inquiry. 1 did that because 1 heard a
Senator near me say $100,000 could not be
necessary, because this inquiry could be made
by a few persons, I think he said in the em-
ploy of the Government already, his idea
seemiug to be that, this was to be compensa-
tion to those who are engaged in the inquiry.
Mr. STOCKTON. Let me say to the Sen-
ator that there is no personal object in this.
The Government select their own men, and
there is no man who will be selected except
for his ability in this matter, and it will be a
matter of bouor, not of money.
Mr. CONK. LING. I am aware of that; and
I say I asked my question iu order to relieve
an impression which was not my impression
at all, which seemed to prevail with other
Senators, that this money was to be largely,
if not wholly devoted to paying for the ser-
vices of those who might bo engaged in pros-
ecuting the inquiry, and 1 wanted to bring out
the fact, which the Senator has stated very
clearly, that the great demand for money was
to pay for the iron and the boilers which might
be destroyed in prosecuting the inquiry. I
asked my question of him entirely in the in-
terest of the bill, and of the object which the
bill has in view.
Mr. STOCKTON. I understand the Sen-
ator now, and X thank him.
The bill was reported to the Sen-ate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third rime, and passed.
DISTRICT STMSBT RAILROADS.
Mr. SAWYER.. I move that the Senate
proceed to theeonsideration of the bill (H. K,.
No. 2247) giving the approval and sanction of
Congress to the termini and route of the Ana-
costia and Potomac river railroad, and to reg-
ulate its construction and operation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
taken up. I do think we ought to have some
other business besides railroads. The morn-
ing hour was consumed, and it seems impos-
sible to get attention to anything but railroad
bills.
Mr. STEWART. There was objection made
on the miscellaneous appropriation bill to re-
lieving some parties who are building a street
railroad in this city. Here is a bill that came
from the House for another road, and if that
can be taken up, and the ameudment put on
this bill, and thus avoid the necessity of a strug-
gle for a modification of the rule as to the
appropriation bills, it ought to be done. The
Committee on Appropriations have reported on
that appropriation bill an ameudment prohib-
iting the building of any street railroads here,
which is very proper. We want to prohibit
them except by consent of Congress; but
Congress ought to give its consent in some
dhses. It is important this legislation should
be had at this session. Xt will require but a
moment when it, is taken up and understood.
Mr. CHANDLER. X desire to move to
take up House bill No. known as the
steamboat bill.
Mr. SAWYEIi. I believe there is a motion
pending.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to lay that
motion on the table for the purpose of making
this.
Mr. SAWYER. This bill has been reported
for some six or seven weeks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to lay the motion
ou the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Xthas been decided forty
times that a motion to proceed to the cotisid
eraiion of a bill is one of the direct motions
that cannot be laid on the table or amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
could not make the point of order. The motion
to take up one bill cannot be superseded by
another motion or by laying it on the table.
The question is on the motion of tho Senator
from South Carolina.
Mr. OONKLING. I wish to say a word on
this motion. I am not very fond of taking up
railroad bills, as they are called, generally;
but 1 think at some time this railroad bill de-
serves a t>u,rt of the atieution of the Senate.
The object of taking it up is to avoid a con-
troversy on the sundry civil appropiiation
bill upou a question of order touching a street
railroad here. I know that on the motion
to take it up it is not in order to refer to the
merits of the bill; but I make the remark I
am going to make to direct attention to the
identity of this bill, to point out what it does.
The amendments relate to a railroad which
has been laid on I street and other streets in
connection with it, in which our attention is
called to the fact that citizens here have already
invested somesixly thousand dollars under a
misapprehension of the right of the govern-
ment of the District, it is said, they supposing
that the word " commercial " would extend
to a street railroad, and the local government
having extended to these people a franchise
under that view. The government of the
District acting under their charter allowed
these persons to go on and lay down a rail-
road ; and my attention has been called by
numerous citizens within the last forty-eight
hours to the fact that about sixty thousand
dollars have been expeuded already iu lay-
ing down the track, which it is said they are
laying where they have no right, because
the government of the District had no power
to authorize them to do it. Now, they simply
want something which shall indicate to them
where they may lay tlieir road in the city
of Washington. Therefore I beg Senators will
not suppose that we are taking up a railroad
bill in the sense -of bills making grants to some
railroad company or relating to a steam rail-
road at all. It simply relates to a local mat-
ter of convenience, and involves the ques-
tion whether certain streets and squares are
to be intruded upon and disfigured by a rail-
road, or whether it is to be put in a proper
place.
As I do not happen to be one of those who
have any pecuniary interest in this, of course
I have no inotiye in the world except to call
attention to it; but various gentlemen here
whom I know and who are entitled to consid-
eration have asked me to bring it to the notice
of the Senate. I think it should be taken up ;
it seems to me there should be no controversy
about it; and it can be disposed of in a very
few minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS, The Senator from New
York has made such a somewhat extraordinary
argument iu favor of takiug up this bill that
perhaps it ought not to go without a little ■
explanation, although X think he has trenched
on the merits of the question. X speak not
that I have any pecuniary interest in this
except as one of the tax-payers of this town.
The easeisthis : the organic act authorizing this
extraordinary contrivance, called the govern-
ment of the District of Columbia, declares in
express terms that the Legislative Assembly
shall not have the power to grant exclusive
privileges to any corporation whatever. It also
declares that it may, nevertheless, subject to
that provision, grant acts of incorporation for
religious, charitable, manufacturing, and I
think industrial instead of commercial pur-
poses.
Mr. CONICLING. No; "commercial."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Possibly "commercial,"
but no matter. But whatever they do t.hey
shall giant no exclusiye privileges. I think
this corporation, if there be one, could have
consulted no lawyer, going from the high-
est-priced ones down to the lowest-priced
ones, who would not have told them that the
right to lay down a track in a street and take
tolls in their cars, and exclude people who
did not pay tolls, was an exclusive privilege.
That, I think, nobody can deny.
They have gone on and -done this thing
under an act of the Legislative Assembly with-
out waiting to consult Congress, without wait-
ing to consult anything except their selfish
interests to get in advance of other people,
and to make money by carrying passen-
gers. That is a perfectly lawful enterprise
if they do it according to law ; but I do not
know whether they are in the right streets or
not, and I do not care now. That is a ques-
tion to be considered when the bill comes up.
But to say that they have any special equity
to have their bill considered now because they,
in the innocence of their hearts, have been
acting under a misappreheusion, is overstat-
ing the case.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to correct an error?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. The bill which I have
moved to take up is not the bill about which
ihe Senator is talking at all. It is the bill in-
corporating the Anacostia and Potomac Kail-
road Company, on the south side of the town,
with which his remarks have nothing to do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
they have or not, and I do not care. X am
calling the attention of the Senate to what I
consider to have been a somewhat one-sided,
unintentionally one-sided statement of the Sen-
ator from New York about a street railroad
which he is pressing here upon the appropri-
ation bill, to which he referred, for considera-
tion. That is all. I have asked two or three
times, and I am asking again, in order that we
may know what we are talking about, that this
bill maybe reported on the question ot taking
