064
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2*7,
Ho. of Beps.
The District of Columbia—Mr. Ohipman.
42d Cong 2d Sess.
street road for years. "What has been its condition
for many year* past?
"Annoer. It is the worst road in the world. It is
a lisht soil and cuts down to the hub. While it was
a turnpike I had to lend my horses frequently to
dr<itr out teams from the mud.
"Question. What was the width of it?
"Aimcer. Not more than fifteen or twenty feet,
and cut down to the hub. The carriage-ways were
so narrow that there was great danger in crossing
the ravines; every ravine was a trap. They had to
be very cautious in driving, especially in the night.
"Question. State your opinion as to the repairs
that have been made in the road, whether the char-
acter of the road as a highway and. the amount of
travel over it justified it.
"inraer. My eon, Montgomery, spent $1,000, and
I spent as much to g-et a road. We made the road
for ourselves because this direct city road wasso bad
annul. I would have been willing to pay on the
turnpike, but.it was at times impassable. We made
a new one. I gave the road off from my land and
then paid for making it.
'"Question. I wish to know whether or not you
think tho necessities of the people required the ex-
penditures that the District authorities have made?
"Answer. I do ; I thiuk it is the most valuable
improvement they have made.
"Question. You think it wise and judicious to put
the road in as complete repair as it is now in ?
"Anbiocr. I do."
The true test of all these improvements is
their utility and desirableness, and if witnesses
of the character of this one can be relied upon
the Board of Public Works may well rest their
case here.
The objection to this road on account of its
cost is also exploded by the testimony. Doubt-
less a cheaper road could have been made that
would have supplied immediate wants, but a
highway like this one could bettor be improved
for all time, and true economy justified it. It
is the principal pleasure drive to the country;
it is the thoroughfare for supplies to the city;
it is the main artery out of and into the city,
and valuable suburban improvements skirt its
borders. I will not weary the argument by
quoting testimony, but will cite a few pages
which sustain the outlay made, (pages 88, 621,
G22, G44, and 740.)
1 have thus, Mr. Speaker, followed the speech
of my colleague in all its deviousness, and have
only to notice his conclusions. He says:
"If i< tho duty of Congress, after having investi-
gated tho case and found it so blaok," * * *
' "to pass souio law to restrain tho powers of
ihis hoard. Not aday should bo allowed to pass ere
:i Mop is pirt to tho outrages under which this city
groans'. Tho case is flagrant. Xho work performed,
taken all m all, tho entire outlay of millions oi dol-
lar-;, h:i.-4 resulted in   positive injury instead of a
benefit. Hero and there a few thousands may have
been well laid out, although that is even doubtful,
white .i - a whole it is fur more injurious than bene-
ficial. The city to-day looks as if a Vandal army
hail occupied it, and it will be years before the traces,
arc removed. The citizens have suffered greatly,
and will yot suffer more."
[ am not surprised at any conclusion short
of condemning the board to be drawn and
quartered to which my colleague may come
after tracing the methods by which he reasons.
He starts out by christening his speech "frauds
of the District," and it bristles throughout with
insinuations of fraud and corruption, and yet
tho coutii-el for the memorialists disclaimed
that there was even an allegation of fraud and
corruption, and submitted to the committee
that it, was "a fraud to represent that the in-
vesiigalion has failed because the memorialists
have not, proved what they never alleged." A
soiry spectacle is it my colleague presents to
this ILouse in going further than the memo-
rialists themselves, and insinuating corruption
which they not only admit was not proved, but
which they assert they never alleged. The
majority of the committee found distinctly
thai no fraud or corruption was shown, and
my colleague failed to get his associate in the
minority report [Mr. Crebs] to even insinuate
fraud.
The outrages under which the city of Wash-
ington groans are the outrages existing in the
minds of a class of men who are chronic fault-
finders and professional grumblers. They are
denouncing the Board of Public Works as ruin-
ing them, and yet in the last year their real
estate has advanced under the ippulgg of im-
provements and the new order of government
more than in any three years previously. The
great body of our people repudiate all such
opinions as u>y colleague expresses. They
have no such forebodings; they have faith in
the hpnesty, integrity, apd capacity of our offi-
cers; they breathe a fresher atmesphere and
have caught a new inspiration under the "new
departure" of the nation's capital- No man
who says the improvements in this District are
more injurious than beneficial can find many
to believe hirn. The vast amount of informa-
tion which the District investigation let into
Congress only tended to qontract and narrow
the judgment of my colleague, as the light
poured upon the eye contracts the pupil; but
the result was otherwise with members gene-
rally, for in noye^r within my recollection has
Congress treated the District with greater lib-
erality or confidence. With tbe awful load
piled on to this investigation, enough to dis-
gust Congress with the whole District without
stopping to inquire whether the bundle con-
tained truth or falsehood, we have gone stead-
ily on, winning the respe.ct and good wishes
of thousands throughout the whole country.
We hear of the new Washington wherever we
go, and the whole people are awakening to a
new interest in their seat of Government.
The "thousand citizens," who have memo
rialized Congress and found one champion, it
is hoped will cease their obstruction and oppo-
sition. They have fought hard and pushed
the warfare to the last resort; they have failed
miserably at every step. By examination of
the tax-books four hundred and thirty-six of
them are found to own no real estate in the
District and pay no taxes whatever, (page591.)
It is found that the memorialists pay four and
five eighths per cent, of the taxes of the Dis-
trict and own four per cent, of the property,
(page 597.) They have proved themselves to
be a powerful minority, for they have kept tho
District of Columbia in hot water for a year
and have occupied a committee in Congress
nearly an entire session. In looking back
over this eventful period it is a source of deep
regret to me that our citizens did not present
au unbroken front in asking legislation for the
District. Our harbor needs improvement;
our public schools demand and are entitled to
a liberal endowment by Congress. We must
and can enforce upon Congress the duty of
sharing the cost of making Washington the
finest city in the world by paying an amount
in proportion to the Government property in
the District; indeed, there is much to be done
which can only be accomplished by establish-
ing cordial relations between the local and
national governments. But these things can
never be while this sensless feud is kept Up
among ourselves. We have one common in-
terest, and it is closely linked to the national
Government. Congress has given its verdict
uponthc indictment presented to it, and the
District should now show its appreciation of
this reciprocal good feeling, as I think I can
assure the House it will.
* We lean upon the General Government be-
cause we know this is the capital of the whole
people of thisU-nion, and that sooner or later
the whole people will take a national pride
in it. Sooner or later a public sentiment will
grow up throughout the country which will
demand of Congress the expenditure of money
to beautify and adorn this capital. Sooner
or later Congress must complete the Washing-
ton monument, must complete the beautiful
parks and avenues of the city, must add art
treasures, must establish a national university,
must make our schools models; indeed, must
make this the people's city instead of leav-
ing it to be scrambled and quarreled over by
local politicians and made a plaything by dis-
appointed men who would regard it as a rural
city and use it for personal gain.
What this capital is and ought to be is so
well portrayed by Mr. Francis P. Blair in
his testimony that I must quote it here, (pages
740 and 741 :)
"By Mr. Chipman:
" Question. I would like to have your views in
regard to the obligation that the General Govern-
ment owes to this District to make it a proper resi-
dence and place for the capital of the nation.
"Answer. The Father of his Country laid out the
city for the nation: he never believed that a com-
mercial people would live here. He judged wisely
that these broad avenues were necessary for the
capital of a great people like ours; he laid them
outso that they can be parked andthe health of the
city secured. They are laid out so that the air can
pass through the elty in every direction. These
broad streets are parks themselves; and this will be
the most beautiful eity the earth has ever seen.
" Question. You know something of the traditions
and the history of the location of the capital here.
Oan you state what was the purpose of the founders ?
" Answer. It was designed that it should he the
most beautiful city of the greatest continent of the
earth; and it ought to have the assistance of tho
whole nation.
" Question. You regard it, and the founders of the
city regarded it, as a matter in which the whole
nation has an interest?
"Answer. Yes, sir; for such a nation as ours. It
looks back to the Old World and sees all those great
cities of the past built on the sand; but this city is
built on an elevation. Paris is on a little stream,
the Seine, not much broader than our canal; but
here is the broad Potomac; and all these hills about
the city ore connected with the mountains, so that
here is to be a city right at the falls of the Potomac
which has the mountain air. Near my house you
can see the Blue Ridge in Virginia, and Sugar Loaf
mountain in Maryland. This region is elevated and
healthy, above tide-water. At the District line it is
five hundred feet above the ocean. It will not sink
here like cities covered with the deserts of sand in
the Old World.
" Question. I want you to give us the traditions
upon that subject for the use of the committee, and
for other persons in Congress who think that the
national Government has no obligations in this par-
ticular.
" Answer. I think the founders of the city enter-
tained no such opinion. Congress has never acted
upon that idea. Congress is the founder of this city,
and made it what it is. It is the nation's city, and
its very construction shows that it is made for a great
people."
These broad, statesmanlike views must
commend themselves to all thoughtful Con-
gressmen, and I hope to see them practically
carried out in the next twenty-five years.
The people of the District are doing their
part. The officers controlling the affairs of
the District in trust for the nation I believe to
be inspired with some such national pride as
I hope to see kindled in Congress ; they are
earnest, honest, faithful, intelligent men.
Their interests are locked up in the develop-
ment of the capital; they have every motive
to act with prudence and above all with fidel-
ity, for the eyes of the nation are constantly
upon them. They have gone unscathed
through one of the severest ordeals to which
any government was ever subjected. Mr.
Blair but expresses the general judgment
(page 739) when he says:
"I believe the plans generally adopted by the
city government the best ever suggested. They do
honor to the taste and genius of those who designed
them."
I am proud,^ sir, of the small part I have
taken in starting our beautiful city upon a
new career of greatness. I am proud to have
contributed somewhat to the overthrow of
that spirit here which would forever keep the
city in a slough of despond; and more than
all am I proud that when this work was
brought before this House for approval or
condemnation the American people, through
their Representatives, pronounced the plaudit,
Well done, faithful servants!" I believe,
sir, with these assurances, and this conscious-
ness of duties honestly performed, I may
leave my colleague and his speech to the
judgment of the House.
