1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
mission, or is it a humbugging commission,
that means to put them off with a lot of
wampum beta around their waist, contrary
to all decency and contrary to the old estab-
lished usage of the Government?
Here, too, is an item "for pay of carpenter,
farmer, blacksmith, miller, and engineer,
§5,200." I think a blacksmith may be neces-
sary. I do not know but what these Indians do
shoe their mustangs. I am not sure about that;
the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Conner] can
doubtless enlighten us on that point. But,
certainly, if they do, we should pay for it.
Their horses must use up their feet, if not their
shoes, in chasing our people from place to
place. When these Indians go oui upon their
midnight raids, certainly their mustangs ought
to be in the best possible condition in order
to carry them safely back from these raids to
their mountain fastnesses. [Laughter.] But
what is the use of a millerV What on earth
have they to grind? Who ever heard of an
Apache Indian raising anything on the face
of the earth which can be turned to any such
use?
Now, I speak with the utmost earnestness
in this matter. I know thy value of an Indi-
an's life. I know how sacred it has always
been with us, and how careful we have always
beqn to supply them with all arms of the very
best quality. I know that we have sought to
give them Remington rifles and improved
breech-loaders, and all the best guns which
we have invented, in order that we might have
the satisfaction of having a good squaie fight
with them. True, the Indians have disap-
pointed us very often, and very disgustingly.
They do not always stand to fight. They will
get behind rocks, and they will make raids at
liiglit, and they lull away sometimes when wo
are after them ; but I still think it remains our
duty to give them the best implements in our
power, in order that we may have the satisfac-
tion, if we do conquer them, of doing it in a
fair and open field.
But here is a worse clause even than that:
Tor first of three installments for purchase of
seed an4 agricultural implements for such Indians
as shall continue to farm, (say one hundred souls,)
$2,500.
Now, Mr, Chairman, I insist that (here is
something wrong here. I have devoted some
attention to farming; I even wrote a book on
the subject, and it is my experience, founded
upon several years of most careful and severe
investigation of the subject, that "souls" do
not farm. [Laughter.] I never knew a soul
to farm. I do not believe even an act of Con-
gress can make a soul farm ; and then, why
should we give those souls $2,GOO worth of
seeds? Why, that would supply seeds to ten
thousand souls. I do not believe all the'seeds
from the Agricultural Department—and I have
been very liberal in supplying all my constitu-
ents with abundance—cost S2,500. But these
souls, if they do farm, are certainly a very
expensive sort of farmers, and the first, duty
to them, it seems to me, is to teach them to
farm a little better.
Mr. PO ITER. How many acre3 of seed
are planted in your district?
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I do not know how
many acres a soul takes to farm.
Mr. WOOD. My colleague [Mr. Potter]
wanted to know how many acres were planted
in your district.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I think "five acres
more than enough." [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Roosevelt] is very amusing, but
the matters to which he objects are not pecu-
liar to this bill, as he supposes, but are simply
those which have been in practice from about
1790. From that year down to nearly the
present lime the Government of the United
States has made treaties with different tribes
of Indians, treating them as independent
nations. In those treaties we have provided
that certain annuities in money should be
paid; that certain agricultuial implements!
should be given them ; that seeds should be
provided them, and that clothing should be
distributed to them.
The House has thought for a number of
years past that this policy has led to a great
many abuses, and although we wero not able
to break up this system, so far as it relates to
the treaties which have already been made,
Congress has insisted that no further treaties
ought to be made with Indian tribes, involving
some of the absurdities to which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Uooskvui.t] has alluded,
and some of which he exaggerates. Conse-
quently, in the last Congress, alter a contest
running through four sessions, commenced at
first by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] then chairman of the- Commit-
tee on Appropriations, wo succeeded in pro-
viding by general stitutc that there should
be no more treaties made wiih Indian tribes;
that they should be treated with only by means
of legislation, that contracts only, to bo ap-
proved by Congress, should be recognized as
the method ot dealing with Indian tribes.
Consequently, you will find in this bill, with ref-
erence to all new emwgeneies that mise
in Indian affairs, or whore more Indians are
brought within the control of the Government,
and induced to remain peacefully upon reser-
vations, there are none of these provisions
that clothing or anything of the kind should
be distributed fo them. There is simply a
provision that, for the purpose of ministering
to tlieir wants, a certain amount of money
shall be expended in the discretion of the
Secretary of the Interior. The necessity for
that I do not think it worth while to argue.
The appropriation for clothing, to which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Roost:-
vei.t] refers, is in accordance with treaties
made in 1807. One of the last treaties made
with the Indians under the authority of the
Government, made under Andrew .Johnson,
President of the United States of America,
provides for distributing each year as follows:
" "For each raalo porson over fourteen yean of age,
a suit of good substantia! woolen clothing, consist-
ing ofcoat, pantaloons, flannelshirt, hat, and a pair
of home-mado woolen socks: for each female over
twelvo yours of age, a flannel skirt, or tlio goods
necessary to make it, a pair ot woolen hose^uud
twelvo yards of calico, and twelve yards of 'do-
mestic.' "
Of course that excludes silk, or any article
of ordinary refinement. I did doubt the pro-
priety, and so insisted in the House, during
several sessions, of making these specific ap-
propriations of articles to be delivered under
treaties with Indian tribes, and I exposed that
as one of the abuses under treaties, because
the Indians thcms.elves, if they are wild and
roaming, do not appreciate many of these
articles, and therefore it was a wast of money.
I have been iuformed by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs that these specific articles are
not given to them, but, with the consent of the
Indians, something more useful to them, such
as blankets, or articles of food, are given to
them in exchange for these aitides. But that
whole system is now broken up.
So far as the gentleman refers to this bill,
I will say that we are bound by treaties which
Congress has recognized at the present time.
The committee was tied up by the articles m
those treaties. Weweic unable to stiike out
those items in reference to clothing, or those
articles in reference to agricultural imple-
ments, &c., because Congress has expressly
declared, by treaties ratified in solemn form
by the Senate of the United^ States, that they
would give these specific articles for a certain
time. Now, I propose to offer as an amend-
ment to this bill a second^ section, to which I
trust no gentleman will object. If is designed
to get rid of the mischiefs connected with these
diminishing Indian tribes. One tribe which I
have in my notes numbers only sixteen, though
formerly it numbered about sixteen hundred.
I propose to move the following as an addi-
tional section:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
the Interior is hereby authorised and required to
prepare and submit to Congress a plan for equitably
extinguishing as far as possible tho separate cUiima
upon the Government of the United States for annu-
ities and allowances of diminishing Indian tribes,
and also for providing on a uniform basis tor all
Indians who are collected .at the same agency.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. I wish to inquire whether
the gentleman from California, as chairman
of the committee, knows anything about the
number of these Indians?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly. To what tribe
does the gentleman refer?
Mr. EL0R1DGE. Well, I would ask whether
(he Crows, for instance, are as numerous as
represented in the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. Whatisthenumbersfated?
There are two hands of Crows. The moun-
tain Crows in Montana number twenty-seven
hundred. As to the river Crows, I will give
the gentleman the number in a moment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I find on the twenty-
second page of the bill the following among
the appropriations for the Crows:
For fourth of thirty installments, to supply ma'to
per.-ons, six hundred in number, over tourtccn years
of age. with a suit of good substantial woolen cloth-
ing, consistingot coat, hat, pantaloons, ilannel shirt,
and woolen socks, a.i per ninth article treaty of May
7, IStiS,
Now, 1 would like to know what a wild
Indian can do with all these things, and also
whether the gentleman knows that there is
any such number as this clause provides for.
'The next clause reads as follows:
For fourth of thirty installments, to supply each
toinaic,seven hundred in number, over twelvo years
of axe, with a, Ilannel shirt, or tho goods necessary to
mako the same, a, pair of woolen liose, twelvo yards
of calico, and twelve yaids of cotton domestic, ;r- per
s.unc article, $S,'t00.
Does the treaty require that these articles
shall be furnished for this number of Indians
whether they arc there or not?
Mr. SARGENT. It does exactly that.
Air. ELDRIDG'E. 'Then, in all (he cases
specified in this bill, whether tho number of
Indians named be there or not, articles hate
to bo supplied for that number.
Mr. SARGENT. That is just what the trea-
ties provide. It' is otie of the faults of tho
treaty system which 1 have pointed out; and
we have succeeded in procuring legislation to
prevent the, making of any more such treaties.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. Then I find tdso this
item: "for pay of a physician, $1,400."
Mr. SARGENT. i'hat is the amount fixed
by the treaty.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It must be a splendid
physician to whom such a salary is paid. Thii
settlement, as I understand, is two hundred
and fifty miles from any white habitation^
Mr. SARGENT- That may be; bat it is
the provision of tho treaty that this appropria-
tion shall be made, and there is a man there
filling the position. I presume he is a good
man.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is oil the
amendment offered by tna gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent.]
Mr. SARGENT. I wilhdraw it.
Mr. N1ULACK. I renew it. Mr. Chaiiman,
some complaint has-been made to me pri-
vately that the minority of the Commut'-e on
Appropriations have not adopted some policy
which would provoke more discussion upon
this bill than has yet been hud. I think it
would have been better, peihaps, as a matter
of policy, if the gentleman having e'muge of
the bill had not, m view of the sentiment of
the House, asked to limit general debate to
five minutes, flu acted, however, upon the
assumption that the House was generally in
tho possession of the information eontaim d iti
his speeo.h upon the Indian bill, cleli.ereu a
year ago during a former CongreSi. Jjut. .Mr.
Chaiiman, theie are now In-re comparatively
few who ware here then and gave attention to
what lbs gentleman said upon that occasion.
