1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2509
upon lumber is the cause, or one of the very
great causes, for the rapid destruction of tim-
ber in the United States. And I will also call
the attention of the House to the fact that
there is no sort of reason why either protec-
tionists or free traders or anybody else under
the sun should favor a tariff upon lumber,
except the man who happens to own timber
lands. Your tariff upon lumber simply requires
the man who does not own timber lands to pay
a bounty to the one who does. The result is,
as we see it in the West, that capitalists mo-
nopolize the timber lands of the country. They
purchase them in very large quantities, and
your high tariff upon lumber enables them to
obtain a high price for the timber upon those
lands. They, therefore, go to work in the
most rapid manner to cut off all the timber
and sell it, deriving therefrom the benefits
they receive from your tariff, and leaving the
land timberless and worthless.
Lumber is something that every man must
have. The more boards the farmer puts upon
his farm the more value does his farm have.
He must have lumber for fencing. Every man
must have it for building; it is used in almost
every conceivable kind of manufacture. You
might as well put a tariff upon hard money as
to put a tariff upon lumber ; as well put a
tariff upon the atmosphere as a tariff upon
wood; as well put a tariff upon clear spring
water as a tariff upon pine boards. There is
no sense in it. It develops no industry; it
develops no skiQed labor, nothing of the sort.
It protects nobody; it simply pays a premium
to the man who owns the timber; nothing
else under the sun. And I desire here, upon
this bill—for it is an appropriate place, even
before we take up for discussion the subject
of the tariff—to call t-he attention of the House
and the attention of the country to this subject
of the tariff upon wood.
I know of no reason why the people of
Rock county, Wisconsin, should pay a bounty
to the people of northern Wisconsin for boards.
I know of no reason why the people of south-
ern Michigan, where they do not have lum-
ber, should pay a bounty to the people of
northern Michigan where there are pine for-
ests. Nor do I know any reason why the man
who lives upon the prairies of Illinois should
pay abounty to the man who lives upon the head
waters of the Wisconsin or Mississippi rivers,
or over upon Saginaw bay, or anywhere else,
and who happens to own timber lands. God
plants the timber upon one piece of land, and
make3 the prairie by the side of it, and He
intends that the man upon the prairie shall
have the benefit of the timber that grows upon
the land by the side of that prairie.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman, as
his language would seem to intimate, mean
that God does all this, or is it the result of
man's disposition of God's creations, whereby
the timber is permitted to grow in one locality,
while year by year it is swept away from other
localities?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not propose
to enter into a Bible argument here. I am
very orthodox. I am very sorry that my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] is heterodox
upon this subject. I believe God created all
things. fisheries.
Mr. BANKS. I now call for the special
order.
The SPEAKER. The special order is the
bill (H. R, No. 488) reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to carry into effect
the provisions of the treaty between the Uni-
ted Stales and Great Britain, signed in the
city of Washington, the 8th day of May, 1871,
relating to the fisheries.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until this
day four weeks, under the same conditions
that it now stands before the House.
Mr. COX. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] to the fact that the Parliament of
Great Britain has given full publicity to all
these matters.
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish to enter into
any debate of the question now.
Mr. COX. The gentleman will compel me
to bring in a resolution calling for certain
documents.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to that,
but it does not belong to this subject. I call
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX. I would like to know why we,
in this House, cannot debate this question of
so much importance, when the English Parlia-
ment and the world can debate it. It concerns
our honor as a nation.
Mr. BANKS. The postponement is neces-
sary, because other orders which have been
fixed, to the exclusion of all other business,
would take precedence of this question if we
should undertake to enter upon it.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Why not fix three
weeks hence instead of four ?
Mr. BANKS. Four weeks make just a
month.
The motion of Mr. Banks was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TARIFF AND TAX BILL.
Mr. BE ATTY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House five thousand extra copies of the House bill
to reduce duties on impoits and internal taxes, and
for other purposes, of which five Hundred copies
shall be printed in bill form.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military academy bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that the House now take up the
Military Academy appropriation bill, and con-
sider it in the House as in Committee of the
Whole under the five minutes rule, and that all
general debate be limited to fifteen minutes.
I think it can be finished before the regular
order fixed for two o'clock comes up.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the order proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will be made.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The House proceeded to consider the bill
(H. R. No. 1661) making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1873.
The SPEAKER. Who has charge of this
bill?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, as no
partisan discussion, and probably no general
discussion whatever will arise upon this bill. I
had purposed on the suggestion of members of
the committee I represent here, if time bad not
been so valuable and business so pressing, to
submit in the presentation of the bill a few
remarks in regard to the history, origin, and
necessity of the Military Academy at West
Point.
It has been well remarked that it is the fate
of all institutions established and fostered by
the Government to undergo, from time to time,
probingand investigation. Nothingestablished
by the legislators of one day is exempt from
inquiry and examination of those who come
after them ; and often the very right to exist is
challenged of institutions that had their origin
in the absolute necessities of our existence.
Of these the Military Academy at West Point
is one. And although it has had the support
and advocacy of the greatest men our coun-
try has produced, in the hurry and preoccu-
pation of our every day life the chief reasons
for its existence are often forgotten or over-
looked, and in these Halls efforts bave been
made at different times for its entire abolition.
Indeed, it is well known that in many por-
tions of the country and among many classes
of our people there is a lurking want of eon-
fidencein ournational educational institutions,
a suspicion that they are nurseries of aristoc-
racy ; that they are kept up for the benefit of
the wealthy classes ; that they are, in fact, but
excrescences which have grown upon the body-
politic, and which have no justification in the
exigencies of the country. If this is so, they
ought in a time like this to be lopped off. If
this is not so, this public sentiment should as
far as possible be corrected.
Sir, this institution came into existence from
the very necessities of our position as a nation.
In the very commencement of our revolution-
ary struggle the deficiency in the military
education of our people was so apparent as to
attract immediately the attention of patriots
and men of intelligence throughout the col-
onies. This deficiency was indeed so great
that military adventurers from Europe who
had had any opportunities of military culture
and training in their own country were wel-
comed with open arms, and found no difficulty
in obtaining commissions in the continental
army, and this in many cases where the officers
receiving commissions were almost wholly des-
titute of any knowledge of the language of the
soldiers they were to command.
In September, 1776, a committee appointed
by the continental Congress to repair to head-
quarters and inquire into the state of the army
were so strongly impressed with the great evils
resulting from a want of military education in
the officers thereof, that they reported in favor
of a military academy as one of the necessities
of the situation, and as early as the 1st day of
October, 1776, Congress resolved—
" That a committee of five be appointed to prepare
and bring in a plan of a military academy."
This committee, consisting of Mr. Hooper,
Mr. Lynch, Mr. Wythe, Mr. Williams, and
Mr. John Adams was appointed. But I am
not aware that they ever reported on the mat-
ter submitted to them ; and it does not ap-
pear that effective measures for this purpose
were adopted until after the close of the war
of independence. And although this defi-
ciency of military education in the officers
of the continental army was felt to be one of
the greatest obstacles to success in that import-
ant siruggle, it is not a matter of wonder that
amid their pressing exigencies and with their
limited resources they were notable to accom-
plish what was an object of deep solicitude to
many of the first men of the colonies.
Immediately after the close of the revolu-
tionary war the matter was again urged by-
Hamilton, Colonel Timothy Pickering, the
Quartermaster General of the Army, and
others; and in 1790, General Knox, then Sec-
retary of War, in his report pressed it with
great earnestness and force.
The establishment of a military academy*
was a favorite object of Washington. In his
message in December, 1793, he brought it
to the attention of Congress; and again, in
December, 1796, he urges that "the desira-
bleness of this institution had constantly in
creased with every new view he had taken of
the subject," and he presented with, great
force an argument in ia\or of its establish-
ment in a Government like ours. He said :
" However pacific the geneiai policy of a.nation
maybe, it ought never to be without an aiitjuate
stock ot military knowledge for emergencies, llie
first would impair the energy of its character, and
both would tuzatd its gaiety, or expose it to greater
eviis when war could not bo avoided. Beside*, that,
! war might not uitea depend upon its own choice.
I In proportion as the observance oi pacific maxiins
1 might exempt a- nation ftom the necessity of prao-
