1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8405
modify it, so as to make it conform with the
other amendments which have been adopted
by the committee.
The question was put upon Mr. Dawes's sub-
stitute, and there were—ayes 110, noes 50.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for tellers.
I desire to ask a question. If this substitute
is adopted will not the amendments heretofore
adopted fall, excepting those which the gen-
tleman has ingrafted in his substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. That will depend upon
whether the substitute of the gentleman from
Kentucky, as amended, shall be adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I withdraw
the call for tellers.
Mr. Dawes's substitute was agreed to. '
The question recurred upon agreeing to Mr.
Beck's substitute as amended.
Mr. BUllCHARD. Will the Chairman state
what the proposition before the House is?
The CHAIRMAN. It is whether the com-
mittee will substitute for the original text of
the bill the substitute of the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. COX. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 36, noes 110.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to amend
the substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. It is only amendable
by addition.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. And the way I pro-
pose to amend it is by addition.
The CHAIRMAN. It is amendable in that
way.
Mr. KERR. I would inquire of the Chair
in the hearing of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether his substi
tute just adopted embraces all the action of
the Committee of the Whole to this time?
Mr. DAWES. I am not able to answer
positively. The substitute was made when
the bill was last up, and the steel proposition
adopted to-day is not in it.
Mr. KERR. Is that left out in your sub-
stitute ?
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to put it in.
Mr. KERR. Then put it in.
Mr. DAWES. I will add to my substitute
the following:
On all steel and sill manufactured of steel of which
steel is the component paitof chief value : Provided,
That the duty upon cotton machinery shall not be
less than the duty imposed on the material of which
such machinery is constructed; and all wire rope
and wire strand made of irOH wire, either bright,
coppered, galvanized. or coated with other metals,
shall pay the same rate of duty that id now levied
on the iron wire of which said rope or strand is
made; and ait wire rope and wire strand made of
steel wire, either brisht, coppered, galvanized, or
coated with other metals, shall pay the same rate
of duty lll.it is now levied on thesteel wire of which
said rope or strand is made.
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire, now, if it
may not be understood by the Co.mmittee of
the Whole that this substitute does in effect
embrace everything that has been done by the
Committee of the Whole?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And nothing else.
Mr. DAWES. I do not make that state-
ment, because the substitute was made when
the bill was last betore the Committee of the
Whole. It can be read at the Clerk's desk,
and then the gentleman can determine for
himself.
Mr. KERR. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and
to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
that each of those gentlemen withdraw his
substitute entirely, and the action of the
House will stand as it is.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection.
Mr. CONGER. I object to that.
Mr. BECK. Have I the right to withdraw
my substitute now?
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Wheeler.) The
Chair thinks the substitute can be withdrawn
only bv unanimous consent.
Mr. LYNCH. I object.
Mr. DAWES. As there is objection to the
withdrawal of the substitute, I will modify it,
as suggested by several gentlemen, so as to
make it correspond with the action of the com-
mittee to-day.
■ The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Wheeler.) The
present occupant of the chair was not in the
Hall when either the substitute of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] or the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] was submitted. He will therefore
request the regular chairman of the Commit-
tee of the Whole [Mr. Scopibld] to resume
the chair.
Mr. SCOFIELD accordingly resumed the
chair and said : The pending question is upon
the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] as amended by the
Committee of the Whole on motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
That substitute, as amended, is still open to
amendment by way of addition, and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has
moved to amend it by the addition of what
has been read by the Clerk. The question is
upon the amendment to the amended substi
tute.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move further to
amend by inserting after the word " sized,"
and before the word "paper," the words
"and other printing;" so that it will read,
" on all sized and other printing-paper."
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Farnsworth ; and it
was not agreed to, upon a division—ayes 45,
noes 87.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
substitute, as amended.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the com-
mittee now rise.
Mr. DAWES. Let us get through with this
section.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not see that we are
getting on at all. I make the motion in good
faith.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the com-
mittee will rise so that we may ascertain what
has been done.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Scofieid.) The
Chair will state the condition of the business
before the committee. The second section of
this bili is under consideration, and many
amendments have been made to it. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] moved to
strike out all of the second section as amended
and to substitute therefor certain paragraphs
which have been reported. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moved to
amend the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts by substituting certain
other paragraphs in lieu of those proposed by
the gentleman from Kentucky. The motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts has been
agreed to by the Committee of the Whole, so
that the substitute of the gentleman from
Kentucky has been amended as proposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts. The
amended substitute has been still further
amended on motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. If the motion that the com-
mittee rise be withdrawn, the question will
be upon the amended substitute in place of
the second section, as amended, of the origiual
bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I will withdraw my mo-
tion until that question can be taken.
Mr. KERR. I wish to make an inquiry of
Chair in the hearing of the gentleman from
.Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] Does the sub-
stitute as it now stands embrace all the action
of the Committee of the Whole to-day upon
the second section of the bill?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to debate.
Mr. BURCHARD. I will answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] by saying that the amended substitute
does not embrace all the action of the Com-
mittee of the Whole to day.
Mr. BECK. Is the substitute still open to
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Itis notopen to amend-
ment by way of striking out any portion of
it; but it is open to amendment by way of
adding anything that is germane thereto.
Mr. BECK. 1 desire to move to amend it
so as to make it conform exactly to the action
of the Committee of the Whole to day on the
second section of the bill, and as no one caa
tell what that action has been until he can see-
the record in the Globe of our proceedings,
I will move that the committee now rise, im
order that before anything further is done we
may ascertain what has been the action of the
committee to-day.
Mr. SARGENT. Let me inquire of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] if his
object will not be accomplished by our voting
down the substitute as amended and leaving
this second section to stand as amended to-day
by the Committee of the Whole?
Mr. BECK. That is what I want.
Mr. SARGENT. Then let us vote down
the substitute.
Mr. BECK. # That will suit me, and I there-
fore withdraw the motion that the committee
rise, in order that that may be done.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. FARNSWORTH
renewed the motion that the committee rise.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 72, noes 82.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BROOKS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Randall and
Mr. Da<ves were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 70, noes 70.
So the motion that the committee rise was
not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the substitute
a-s amended.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to further
amend the substitute by inserting after the
words, "on all sized paper," the following
proviso :
Provided, That no greater duty than twenty per
cent, ad valorem shall be levied or collected upon
any printing paper.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
that the text of thesubstitutc has been adopted
by a vote of the Committee of the Whole, and
connot be changed, and therefore the proposed
amendment is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. The amendment proposed
is to add to the.text of the substitute.
The amendment moved by Mr. Farnsworth
was not agreed to ; upou a division—ayes 45,
noes 78.
The question recurred on the substitute for
the second section as amended.
Mr. FARNS WORI'H. I offer the following
amendment to the substitute, so as to make it
conform to the action of the Committee of the.
Whole:
Provided further. That no duty shall bo levied or
eollccted upon lumber and timber imported to be
used in building ships or for fences.
Mr. PETERS. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is in conflict with the
text of the substitute already adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairman cannot
rule that the amendment is out of order, it
is admissible as a qualification of the provis-
ions of the text.
Mr. KERR. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the committee will
rise.
Mr. RANDALL. Why did you not want
us to rise before ?
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sf.'0-
fi eld reported that, pursuant to the order of
the House, the Committee of the Whole on,
