2510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
ticing the rales of military art, ought to be its care
in preserving and transmitting, by proper establish-
ments, the knowledge of that art. Whatever argu-
ment may be drawn from particular examples,
superficially viewed, a thorough examination of the
subject will evince that the art of war is extensive
and complicated; that it demands much previous
study; and the possession of it in its most improved
and perfect state is always of great moment to the
security of a nation. This, therefore, ought to be a
serious care of every Government, and for this pur-
pose an academy where a regular course of instruc-
tion is given is an obvious expedient, which different
nations have successfully employed."
Colonel Henry Knox, afterward the distin-
guished general and statesman, seems to have
been one of the very earliest of our revolu-
tionary leaders who gave an intelligent con-
sideration to this subject, for we find that on
the 27th of September, 1776, he furnished the
committee first named with "hints for the
improvement of the artillery of the United
States," in which he urges that—
"As officers can never act with confidence until
they are masters of their profession, an academy
established on a liberal plan would be of the ut-
most service to the continent, whoro the whole the-
ory and practice of gunnery should be taught, to bo
nearly on the plan as that at Woolwich, a placo to
which our enemies are indebted for the superiority
of thoir artillery."
When the subject of a military academy
was first discussed in the Cabinet of Wash-
ington on the preparation of the message of
December, 1793, Hamilton, Knox, and Ran-
dolph heartily approved it. To Jefferson's
objection that it was not authorized by the
Constitution, Washington replied that he would
not recommend anything prohibited by the
Constitution, but if it was doubtful, lie was so
impressed with the necessity of the measure
that he would refer it to Congress and let them
decide for themselves whether the Constitution
authorized it or not.
Jefferson afterward changed his views as to
the constitutional power to establish such an
institution, and became its zealous advocate;
and indeed it was under his administration that
the Military Academy was first- established by
the act of Match lt>, 1802, although acts m
1704 and 1798, during the administrations of
Washington and Adams, providing for the
appointment, and instruction of cadets in the
engineer and artillery corps, were measures
tending in that direction.
Mr. Madison, another strict constructionist
of the Constitution, strongly urged the estab-
lishment of other military academics in addi-
tion to that, at West Point, and m his message
of December, 1810, pursuing the same train of
thought, and argument presented by Washing-
ton in 1798, he urges that—
" The means by which wars, as well for defense as
offense, are now carried on render these schools ot
the more scientific operations ail indispensable part
of every adequate system. Even among nations
whose large standing armies and frequent wars
afford every other opportunity of instruction, these
establishments are found to be indispensable for the
due attainment of military science, which requires a
regular course of study and experiment.
"In a country happily without the other oppor-
tunities, seminaries where the elementary principles
of the ai t of war can bo taught without actual war,
and without the expense of extensive and standing
armies, have the precious advantage of uniting an
essential preparation against oxternal dangers, with
a scrupulous regard to internal safety. In no other
way, probably, oim a provision of equal efficiency for
the public defense be made at so little expense, or
more consistently with the public liberty."
The act of April 2W, 1812, greatly extended
the scope and usefulness of this institution,
and ptovided, for the first time, for the erec-
tion of suitable buildings, the "Academy"
up to that time, which did not consist of build-
ings but of an engineer corps, with officers,
cadets, and teachers, being quartered in the old
revolutionary barracks at West Point.
It was not, however, until 1817, after Major
Thayer assumed command as Superintendent,
that the institution was thoroughly organized
upon an efficient and satisfactory basis, and
entered successfully upon its career of great
usefulness to the country. Audit is conceded,
I believe, that to tins excellent officer the coun-
try is indebted for much of the usefulness and
efficiency of the institution.
Wecan, perhaps, form some faint conception
of the difficulties from a want of pecuniary re-
sources and otherwise that our forefathers had
to contend with, from the fact that it was thus
over foity years from the first efforts in 1776
to establish this institution before it finally
assumed a form and organization of real use-
fulness to the country ; and this, too, notwith-
standing it was a subject of deep solicitude and
attention to all the great statesmen of the
country from Washington to Monroe. In this
connection I ought not to omit the name of
Mr. McHenry, of Maryland, the War Secre-
tary of the elder Adams, to whose able report
on the subject, in 1800, we are probably in-
debted, in part at least, for the early action of
Congress actually establishing the Academy.
Multiplied instances might be given of in-
valuable services rendered to the country by
the recipients of the advantages of this Acad-
emy, in the field, in our fortifications, in map-
ping our country and our sea-coast and lake
harbors, in building railroads, and in many
other ways. I will not detain the House with
an attempted enumeration, but think it not in-
appropriate to give the extraordinary compli-
ment paid in an official document by General
Winfield Scott, as competent a judge in regard
to these matters, perhaps, as any one our
country has produced. He
"I give it as my fixed opinion, that but for our
graduated cadets the warbetween the UmtedStates
and Mexico might and probably would have lasted
some four or five years with, within its first half, more
defeats than victories falling to our share ; whereas
in less than two camp aigns we conquered a great
country and a peace without the loss of a single
battle or skirmish."
The Military Academy is a portion of that
establishment which is maintained for the de-
fense of the country. The officers and the
cadets—the cadets themselves, from the time
they are received there, being officers in the
Army of the United States—are liable to mil-
itary duty, and are trained for that purpose;
and although after a certain period from the
time that their education is completed in he
Academy they are permitted to resign and
go back to civil life, yet even that is not an
objection to the expenditure for this purpose,
for those who have received this education go
back among the people through the various
States of this Union, and are valuable and
accomplished citizens in the various depart-
ments of life. They have conferred great
benefits on the country in connection with our
fortifications, in surveying and mapping our
harbors along our sea-coast and our lakes, and
in a thousand other ways.
In going back into civil life after a certain
period of service, these young men do no in-
jury to the country. Indeed, this was regarded
by the great men who advocated the institution
as one of its chief recommendations. In com-
mingling with our citizens in their ordinary
pursuits they imbibe the spirit and love ot'
liberty of the citizen, and while with their
education and acquirements they are valuable
ciiizens in times of peace, they are in fact,
without cost to the Government, and without
in any way menacing our liberties, one of the
most valuable of our preparations for war.
For scattered as they are through every por-
tion of the country they can in tune of danger
soon marshal our citizen soldiery into warlike
and efficient columns, who with all their spirit
and courage would, without this assistance, be
at the nieicy of a thoroughly drilled and well-
organized army.
The objection that this institution is main-
tained for the benefit of the wealthy classes of
the country is not well founded. Au investiga-
tion was made some years ago for a period con-
sisting of a considerable number of years, and
itwas ascertained that of the graduates during
that period only one in eighteen could have
received more than a common-school education
without the opportunities afforded by this
institution. The constitutional objection is, I
believe, no longer urged, for this is undoubt-
edly one of the most important preparations
we can make for the common defense of the
country.
I will now ask the attention of the House for
a moment to the question, '• Does it pay is
the money we put into this institution a good
investment, ? which is an all-important ques-
tion in regard to everything of this kind. What,
then, have been the expenditures for this in-
stitution since it was first established down to
the present time? In looking into this ques-
tion, Mr. Speaker, I have been satisfied that
there has been no branch of the public service
that has cost us so little in proportion to the
advantages it has returned to the country.
Why, sir, the loss of a single battle or of a
single skirmish would have been a calamity
to us which would not have been compensated
by the return of all the money which this
institution has cost.
The expenditures of the Military Academy,
from its organization in 1802 until 1803, inclu-
sive, a period of sixty-two years, for the pur-
chase of land, for the erection of buildings ;
for the purchase of philosophical and chemical
apparatus, books, roads, wharfs, water and
gas works; for the pay and subsistence of offi-
cers, superintendents, teachers, and cadets,
and all other expenses of every character in
keeping up the institution, for this-period of
sixty-two years, amounted to but $7,183 285 ;
and up to this time, although the pay of
officers and cadets has been considerably in-
creased from the organization of the institution
down to the present period, the expenditures
will hardly reach the sum of $>10,000,000.
If the time allotted to me now had not- been
so brief, I proposed making a few re-marks in
regard to the management and the discipline
of the institution. One or two words as to
that, and I have done. No institution estab-
lished by man is perfect, and it cannotbc con-
tended that this is perfect. Unfortunately, in
some respects the discipliue thereof has been
relaxed. This has grown out of facts and cir-
cumstances over which, perhaps, the superin-
tendent and officers of that institution have
had no control.
To the extent to which an institution of this
kind is important to the country should be the
vigilance of the guardians of the people over
it, to weed out abuses, to give it vigor and
efficiency, and to see that it is made as neaily
perfect as possible. In addition to the boards
of examiners there have been various commis-
sions appointed to examine into the manage-
ment of the Military Academy, one of the most
important of which was that appointed in 1860,
made up of members of the Senate and of the
House and distinguished military officers.
Of this commission the most distinguished
and perhaps important members were Jeffer-
son Davis of the Senate and Henry Winter
Davis of the House. They sat for seven weeks
at West Point making a thorough examinaiiou
of the institution, and finally made a very
lengthy and exhaustive report to Congress in
regard to it, in which, I believe, they recom-
mended a thorough reorganization; but the
war immediately supervened and the whole
tiling fell to the ground, and whether the rec-
ommendations of that commission will be
made available to the country is yet to be
determined It has never, I believe, been in
any way acted on by Congress.
I beg leave to add, Mr. Speaker, that it is
one of the highest duties of Congress to give
proper attention to these national educational
institutions of the country, and to see that their
discipline and the system of education do not
relax and deteriorate, and to make them as far
as possible, for the purpose for which they are
established, perfect institutions equal to any on
earth. The honor, the safety, the very exist-
ence of the country may at sometime depend
on this.
^ I now ask that the first reading of the bill be
dispensed with.
No objection was made, and the Clerk pro-
