718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
I tbink, therefore, it would have been better
for him to have prefaced the consideration of
this bill by a repetition, to some extent, of the
remarks which he made a year ago when we
had under consideration the Indian appro-
priation bill.
But, for the information of my friends around
me who seem to expect something from us of
the minority in regard to this measure, 1 will
repeat what the gentleman from California has
already said in substance, that this bill, with
perhaps some very slight exceptions, only car-
ries out existing laws and treaties. Where
we have gone beyond what was required by
treaties and existing laws it has been on the
Urgent recommendation of the Secretary of
the Interior, or of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, whose communications were made to
this House. If there be any fault on this bill
it is not the fault of the Committee on Appro-
priations, but the treaties under which we have
been compelled to appropriate money, and the
laws heretofore enacted by Congress. If we
attempt to carry them out at all in spirit we
should not do much less, certainly, than we
have done in reporting this bill.
1 know, Mr. Chairman, the whole Indian
system is vulnerable from any point you see
proper to attack it; but we cannot in honor
and conscience get rid of it without at the
same lira" sabMituting something else instead
of it. It is not the province of the Commit-
tee oil Appropriations to attempt to influence
legislation on tliat question. That belongs to
another commiitee of this House, the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to the House gen-
erally, and to both Houses of Congress, and
embraces no pait of the duly of the committee
which has reported this bill. The amount we
aie compelled to appropriate is very large, I
concede, considering the number of Indians
now actually remaining as acharge on the Gov-
ernment; hut under ihe treaties, as has been
remarked by the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sahgext,] ceitain things ate required to
be dune with cut tain Indian tubes, without
reference 10 ihe number of' each tiibe, and
though in many cases they have diminished
since the treaty lias been made, it being a
treaty with the tribe, we have to perform the
stipulations with the remnant of the tribe
remaining, just as on the day when the treaty
was s'gued, and when the tiibe was more
numei ous. That is one ot' the abuses we ought
to get lid of in some way, yet which we are
unable to get rid of until these treaties be
swept away and something else provided m
their place.
1 hope, Mr. Chairman, my time will be
extended for a few moments in view of my
position on the commiitee, and as I do not
wish to trouble the committee at another time.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be done if
there be no ubjec ion.
Theie was no objection.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, the policy
of this Government is not, wholly a peace or
a war policy, it is one which I realize as
much as any member of the House, and I hope,
sir, altera lew j ears' more experience on this
question, it will result, m more delinite, more
uniform, more humane, and. at the same lime,
a more successful policy, if we are ever to
have it, in reference to the Indian tribes.
One policy of the Government, or rather one
biauchot this policy, is one m which I heartily
concur, and, inasmuch as what the Govern-
ment i-s doing looks in that direction, I am
disposed to look at the poltcy as much more
fair than before, and that is through the instru-
mentality of these peace commissioners to
localize these Indian tribes and settle them on
reservations. Whenever that is once accom-
plished with any Indian tiibe, so far as our
experience has gone, we never have any great
trouble with thetn afterward. They either
diminish in number, and are thus practically
exterminated, or else they are so absorbed by
the surrounding population and the progress
of civilization and immigration that we have
no trouble with them like we have with those
roving bands of Indians.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say,
under cover of this formal amendment, that I
concur with all my colleague on the committee
has just said in regard to the work done on this
bill. Gentlemen who have not gone into the
details of this subject can hardly appreciate
the vast and complicate mass of matter that
the last eighty years of Indian relations have
left us as a legacy. We have had treaties in all
forms and obligations of almost every descrip-
tion imposed by these treaties. We have debts,
funded and unfunded, in all conceivable forms;
situations of peace, and situations of war:
Indians, half-civilized, aspiring to education
and Christianity; and, on the other hand,
Indians, wild and red with war and barbarism.
I congratulate the House and the country, and
more particularly the Committee on Appro-
priations, that we have among us a man who
knows so thoroughly the past and present of
our Indian affairs as the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Sakgkkt,] who has charge of this
bill. He has prepaied it, as I know, with
great ability and faithfulness. He has led the
committee during the investigation, pointing
out at every step the changes recommended,
cutting down mercilessly, whenever, in his
judgment, it could be properly done, appro-
priating generously and boldly wherever in
his judgment that appropriation would better
our relations with the Indians and make the
passage of that sad race down to the oblivion
to which a large portion of them seein to be so
certainly fending, as gentle and ok merciful as
possible, and to aid in the elevation of that por-
tion of them which are willing to be civilized.
Mr. NIBLACK.. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a remark?
Mr. GA KF1ELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to say that the pre-
vious Committee on Appropriations were also
greatly indebted to the gentleman from Cali
foriiia [Mr. Sahge.n't] for his labors, and the
fidelity with which he entered into this ques-
tion of the management of our Indian affairs;
and that they were likewise greatly aided by
the cooperation and assistance of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Bkck.,] who is now
no longer a member of that committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Iwould do injus-
tice to my own feelings if I did not express
my thanks to the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] for the magnanimous remarks he
has made on this Indian bill. Rising above
any partisan feeling, and appreciating as he
does the difficulty of the subject, he has stated
what the House has heard in regard to our
Indian policy. Iwould consider it unmanly on
my part in this discussion to make any parti-
san use of the Indian policy of the present
Administration as against the Indian policies
of former times. It would be a disgrace to us
if we did not learn something from the expe-
rience of past years. I rejoice that the coun-
try is learning, and I think all parlies are see-
ing that the policy which has recently been
adopted on the subject of Indian affairs is the
wisest, and in the long run will be the cheap-
est- one.
We have many treatiesthat willsoon expire;
and I am glad to see that Congress has come
to the conclusion that we will make no more
treaties with the Indians. It may have been
a wise course in former times to make treaties
with great tiibes, which numbered hundreds
ofthousandsof warriors; but it would be absurd
now to make treaties with a tribe of Indians
inhabiting but a few wigwams. It would be
absurd for the Government of the United States
to sit down as one nation and treat with a few
wild Indians as another. These Indians are
now the wards of the nation. I am surprised
alwhatthegentlemanfrom Californiahas stated
as to the present number of the Indians. From
all I can ascertain,.there are probably less than
one hundred and fifty thousand Indians now
existing within the entire range of the territories
of the United States.
Mr. SARGENT. Outside of Alaska.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Outside of
Alaska, being a smaller number than that of
the population which many of us represent in
one congressional district.
But this great and singular legacy of duty
and of obligation has been handed down to us
from the past, and we must treat the case a3
the facts require. Year by year I hope these
apprnpiiations will decrease. Year bv year
the Indian will pass out of the purview of legis-
lation and by and by this kind of appropri-
ation will be known only among the antiquities
of our legislative history. And, sir, it is not
improbable that the race of red men for whom
this legislation is asked will, before many gen-
erations, be remembered only as a strange,
weird, dream-like specter, which had once
passed before the eyes of men, but had de-
parted forever. However that may be, wise
statesmanship and Christianity alike demand
that the present humane policy toward the
Indians be vigorously supported. 1 hope the
House will support this bill, following the lead
of the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sab-
gent,] inwhose knowledge of the subject, and
in whose desire to do what is wise mid just,
we have every reason to place the fullest, con-
fidence.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to say, speaking on
behalf of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
that in view of the fact, that so many treaties
have been made with these tribes—treaties
which have been partly carried out—it has
become absolutely necessary that there should
be some general law under which the affairs
of these tribes can be conducted, and the
whole system placed in the hands and under
the care of the Government, so that, we may
get rid of the multiplicity of difficulties which
year after year have surrounded this ques-
tion. The Committee on Indian Affairs will
faithfully consider that, subject, and try to
bring before the House some plan, before
the expiration of this Congress, by which the
Government, may take hold of the question
and act wisely and justly by the Indians.
The amendment was withdrawn.
The Clerk read as follows :
Apaches :
For this amount, to subsist and properly care for
the Apache Indians in Arizona and New Mexico,
who havo been or may be collected on reservations
in New Mexico and Arizona, $250,000.
51KSSAGB FUOM TIIH SiSNATK.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair, a message
was received from the Senate by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, informing the House that the
Senate bad passed, without amendment, a bill
(H. K. No. 1186) in relation to the embassy
from Japan.
The message also informed the House that
the Senate had passed the bill (II. It. No.
625) making appropriations to supply a defi-
ciency in the appropriations for salaries and
contingent expenses of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the current lis 'al year, and the bill
(H. R. No. 383) to authorize ihe construction
of a bridge across the Missouri river at or near
St. Joseph, Missouri, severally with amend-
ments, in which he was duected to ask the
concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House:
A bill (S. No. 392) to set apart a certain tract
of land lying near the headwaters of Yellow-
stone river as a public park; and
A bill (S. No. 423) for the relief of Julia
A. Smith.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I move to
