666
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Sekate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Thurman.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Constitution. It is an independent provision,
standing in the ninth section of the Consti-
tution, and as obligatory upon the President
as it is upon Congress, and in case of immi-
nent danger, when Congress is not in session,
I want to know why the President may not, in
executing the laws and performing his duty
with the Army and Navy, if the case calls for
it, suspend the writ.
Mr. THURMAN. I am sorry I cannot
turn to the debate of last year, because my
friend then agreed with me entirely that it is
a legislative power. He now says it is not in
the legislative article. It is in the legislative
article.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is not.
Mr. THURMAN. What! Not in the
legislative article? It is in section nine of
the first article of the Constitution, which
relates to legislative powers:
"All legislative powers herein granted shall be
rested in a Congress of the United States, which
shall consist of a Senate and Houso of Represent-
atives."
That is the first section of the first article.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me help my friend
with a suggestion. After passing on, it then
comes to section eight, which sums up specific-
ally the powers of Congress. "The Congress
shall have power," first, second, third, and so
on. Then comes the concluding and sweeping
section :
" To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers."
That ends that subject. Then comes this
miscellaneous section nine, which embraces
matters not put under the power of Congress
specifically and not so classed.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, upon my word, I
shall expect after awhile that my friend will
deny that there is such a thing as the Consti-
tution itself. This eighth section contains the
powers affirmatively granted to Congress.
Then comes section nine, containing prohibi-
tions upon the powers of Congress, all relat-
ing to Congress. Then comes section ten,
which imposes limitations upon the States ;
and then comes article two, which relates to
the executive department of the Government.
Then after that comes article three, which
relates to the judicial department. Does not
the Senator know very well that the first article
of the Constitution refers to the Legislature,
the second to the Executive, and the third to
the judiciary ? This is the first time I ever
heard that denied.
And now where is the power to suspend the
writ found? It is not in the executive article
of the Constitution; it is nowhere conferred
in express terms upon the Executive; it is
not conferred upon the courts; and when a
power exists under the Government, and is not
conferred upon either the executive or the
judicial department, it follows as a necessary
consequence that it must belong to the law-
making department. My friend from Wiscon-
sin agreed with me entirely in this proposition
at the last session. The difference between
him and me was this: while he then admitted
that the President has not the authority, with-
out an act of Congress, to suspend the writ,
he contended that Congress could confer upon
him the power to suspend it. While he ad-
mitted that merely as President he had no
such power, he insisted that Congress could
clothe him with the power, and that to do so
would be an exercise of the power of suspen-
sion by Congress.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to correct him by the record? This de-
bate took place on the 13th of April, 1871,
and, interrupting the Senator from Ohio, I
said—I read now from the Globe:
" I agree with him that where any power is con-
ferred upon the Government generally, its execu-
tion calls for legislation on the part of Congress,
and Congress, under the last clause of the legisla-
tive article, is authorized to pass all laws necessary
and proper to carry into execution the powers
conferred upon the Government. If the power
is conferred upon the Government to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus, and is not in the Consti-
tution located in either of the departments. I want
to ask my friend what is the objection to Congress
legislating on that subjeot and providing that the
President, in certain events and contingencies to
happen in the future, may suspend the writ ?"
That is what I said.
Mr. THURMAN. That is just what I said
was your position.
Mr. CARPENTER. In other words, I stated
the proposition then as now.
Mr. THURMAN. That is precisely what I
said was the Senator's position. He argued
then that Congress could clothe the President
with this power, not that the President pos-
sessed it under the Constitution. I denied
that Congress could clothe him with it by sur-
rendering to him the discretion, the judgment
which the Constitution requires that Congress
itself shall exercise. There is exactly the
difference between us. But the Senator never
dreamed then that the President, without an
act of Congress, could have the right to sus-
pend the writ. However, I need not argue
that point. The doctrine to which a majority
of the Senate are committed is, not that the
President, exvirtute officii, has the power, but
that it may be delegated to him by Congress.
This is the doctrine that I have to combat, and
I do once more protest against it as utterly
destructive of the most sacred safeguard of
liberty in the land.
Now, as to the distinction which my-friend
from Wisconsin sees between this country and
England, Parliament is omnipotent, and it
is very true that the right to the writ of habeas
corpus depends upon an act of Parliament, but
our Constitution is stronger than that. Our
forefathers considered this privilege of such
importance to the citizen that they secured
it by the fundamental law of the land, the
Constitution of the country itself. It became,
therefore, a constitutional right in this coun-
try ; whereas in England it is simply depend-
ent upon the will of Parliament. Here it is a
constitutional right, so sacred that only in
time of rebellion or in time of invasion, and
not simply rebellion or simply invasion, but
when the public safety also concurs in requir-
ing its suspension, can it be suspended at all.
See how stringent this language is:
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion the publio safety may require it."
We may be at war with a foreign Power, but
that gives no right to suspend it unless this
country is invaded. If we were at war with
all Europe to-day, and our soil was not in-
vaded, there would be no constitutional right
to suspend this writ because of such war; so
sacred is it, and so sacredly was it guarded by
our forefathers in the Constitution they made
for us. And yet this writ, which in time of
war with one of the greatest Powers in the
world cannot be suspended by Congress itself
unless the very soil of the Republic is trodden
by the foot of an invading foe, has become of
so little moment that you seek to clothe one
man in the White House with power to sus-
pend it over the whole Republic, to take it
away from forty million people whenever in
his judgment (whether that judgment is pro-
duced by good or bad motives) he sees fit to
say that a case has arisen for taking it away.
I said before on the original bill, and I
repeat it, there are but two sovereigns in all
Europe who possess the power with which
you have clothed the President of the United
States by this act, the Czar of Russia and tire
Sultan of Turkey. In no other countries in
Europe does the monarch possess the power
with which this act clothes the President of
the United States, and which you now pro-
pose to extend until after the next presidential
election; for that is the long and the short of
it. You propose to pub into the hands of a
man confessedly a candidate for that office,
known to be a candidate, who will be a can-
didate at the election as everybody knows, a
power that but two monarchs in all Europe
possess. No, sir, hide it as you may, conceal
it as you may, it will not do for the party who
talk about being the friends of liberty to set
an example of despotism like this, and then
claim to be the protectors of the rights of
American citizens. So much for'that.
Now, I have a word or two to say upon the
theme of my friend, the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Morton.] It is an old. theme with him.
The speech thathe has made to-night has been
made by him many a time, and oft, in ourhear-
ing ; so that the only novelty there wasin this,
its latest repetition, was in the superior ability
and audacity with which it was delivered. I
do not know that it is right to predicate novelty
of that, for the Senator is always able, and it
is very seldom that he is not audacious. I think
it was Danton who recommended audacity in
that.famous saying," I'audace, encore V audace,
tonjours Vaudace;'" and the maxiui seems
to have been adopted by the Senator from In-
diana. Now for the speech. Certainly tlie
greater part of it had nothing to do with this
bill. But the Senator would lug it in, irrele-
vant as it was. For instance, what has it to
do with this measure, whether the Democratic
party, before the war, were in the right or
were in the wrong ; whether they encouraged
or discouraged secession? What has that to
do with this bill? Plainly nothing at. all ; and
yet the Senator spent much time in repeating
the old and thousand times refuted charge
that the Democratic party of the North en-
couraged the secession of the South. How
did he prove it? I put to him the question,
" Can you name to me a single Democratic
statesman in the North who ever advocated
the doctrine of secession;" and what did he
answer? He named James Buchanan, who
constantly from first to last, from the time he
came into public life down to the day of his
death, denied the right of a State to secede.
How did the Senator get rid of that? He
said that although James Buchanan may have
denied the right of a State to secede, he de-
clared that you had no right to coerce a State,
and that that was equivalent to acknowledging
the right to secede. I submit to my friend
from Indiana that that was not a perfectly
candid statement. It was unjust to a man
who is now in his grave, unable to defend
himself, and although I never was a very great
admirer of his, I feel bound, in justice to him,
to say that rtever was a man's position more
incorrectly stated—the error consisting in the
fact that the Senator omitted the material
part of his (Buchanan's) posilion and the
material doctrine for which he contended.
What was it that Buchanan said? That you
had no right to coerce a State as a State. J'o
be sure he did say that; but did he say that
you had no right to put down a rebellion, that
you had no right to put down an insurrection ?
No, sir ; he maintained that you had a right
to put it down, and he called upon Congiess,
before secession had gone too far, to clothe
him with power to put it down, and a Repub-
lican Congress refused to give him the power.
A Republican Congress sat here until the 4th
of March, 1861, and saw State after Slate
secede, and never voted a dollar or raised a
man to put down the rebellion which they saw
was then gathering head every day.
Mr. CONKLING. Why does the Senator
say it was a Republican Congress?
Mr. THURMAN. After the southern. Sen-
ators and Representatives left their seats you
