3408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (,H. R. No. 2822) to re-
duce duties on imports, and to reduce internal
faxes, and for other purposes, and had conic
to uo resolution thereon.
LEAVJS OP ABSENCK.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Hazelton of Wisconsin, Mr.
Lansing, and Mr. Sessions for one day; to
Mr. McClelland fortwo days; to Mr. McKin-
ney indefinitely, on account of sickness in his
family ; and to Mr. Potter for two weeks, on
account of business iu the court of appeals of
the State of New York.
john a. parker.
On motion of Mr. HOLM AN, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of Claims was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition and papers of John A. Parker ; and
the same were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
land bills.
Mr. KETCHAM asked unanimous consent
that bills of the following tides be taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, not to be brought back on a
motion to reconsider:
A bill (S. No. 0X7) iu relation to the Dakota
Southern railroad;
A bill (S. No. 754) granting the right of
way through the public lands for the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph in Florida;
A bill (S. No. 801) granting the right of
way to the Mobile and Alabama Grand Trunk
Railroad Company through and over land
owned by the United States ;
A bill (S. No. 877) to creatc an additional
land district in the State of Kansas;
A bill (S. No. W8t) granting the right of
way through the public lands to the Denver
and Rio Grande Railway Company;
A bill (S. No. 918) to change the direction
of the road authorized by the act approved
•June 3, 185G, from Ontonagon, in the Suite
of Michigan, to the Wisconsin State line, and
for other purposes ; and
A bill (8. No. 908) relating to the creation
of new land districts.
Mr. STOltM. I object.
pr1csidential election in louisiana.
Mr. SHELDON. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (S. No. 58) to jueseribe the time
for holding the election for electors of Pres-
ident and Vice President in the State of
Louisiana, be taken from the Speaker's table
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. RANDALL and others objected.
Mr. BINGHAM, f move that the House
take a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.,
this evening having been assigned to business
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 call for the regular
oider.
Mr. BINGIIAM. That is the regular order.
The motion of Mr. Bingham was agreed to ;
and accordingly (at five o'clock p. m ) the
House took alecess till half past seven o'clock
p. m.
ifiVKNIXG SESSION.
Agreeably to order, the House reassembled
at half past seven o'clock p. m.
CORRECTION1.
Mr. WALDRON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
correct the record of the proceedings of Tues-
day last, as published in the Globe of the day
following. I notice that my name appears
among the nays on a proposition to reduce
certain tariff duties. 1 gave no such vote. J
was not in the city during that day, having
been called home to attend the funeral of a
relative.
ABRAHAM P. El'RE.
On motion of Mr. DONNAN, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Military Affairs
was discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. R. No, 1233) for the relief of
Abraham P. Eyre, of Philadelphia; and the
same was referred to the Committee of Claims.
N. AND M. A. FOUQUET.
On motion of Mr. DONNAN, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Military Affairs
was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of the heirs of Nicholas
and Maik Antoine Fouquet; and the sapio
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
CLAIM OF C, W. DISNNISON.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War in relation to the claim
of C. W. Dennison for compensation for ser-
vices rendered the United States in England ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
pkake's patent fusk.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to a bill (II. R. No.
880) authorizing the Secretary of War to pur-
chase Drake's patent fuse ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
NINTH CKNSUS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, recommending the
publication of twelve thousand additional
copies of the report of the ninth census;
which was referred to the Committee on
Piinting.
ATOIIISON, TOPEIvA AND SANTA FK.
Mr. TWICITELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2772) to extend
the time for the completion of ihe Atchison,
Topeka, and Santa F6 railroad, and to secure
1 atid8 to actual settlers ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to bo
printed.
KEILEF FROM CHAH0K OF DKSRKTION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, iu relation to a bill (II. R.
No. H1C) authorizing certain soldiers and
sailors to be relieved from the charge of de-
sertion; which was referred to the Committee
on Military AO'airs, and ordered to be printed.
8URVKYOR GENERAL OP NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in compliance with
the act of July 22, 180 J, transmitting a report
of the surveyor'general of New Mexico on the
private laud claims in said Territory; which
was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
EXT It A MEDICAL OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War in relation to a bill (H. R.
No. 2700) for the relief of the State of Ken-
tucky and other States for extra medical officers
furnished during the late war; which was re-
feired to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
CONTESTED ELECTION—BOWJCX VS. LARGE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House additional evidence
in the contested election of Bowen vs. ^ De
Large; which was leferred to the Committee
of Elections.
COMMERCE WITH VICTORIA, ETC.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent,, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Iteaolved, That tho President is hereby requested.
if not incompatible with tho public interest, to
transmit to this body copics of correspondence with
tho British colonial governments ot Victoria, Aus-
tralia, and Now Zealand, relating to tho encourage-
ment of oomiocroo betwocn those colonies ami the
United States, ami also copics of correspondence
relating: to tho establishment of a naval station in
tho Pacific oeean.
IMMIGRATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous conscnt,
laid before tho House the following message
from tho President of the United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and Ih}uso <\f Repracntaiivca of the
United SMi'h :
In my raossago to Congress at tho beginning of
the present session, allusion was made to the hard-
ships and privations iniliotcd uponpoorimmigrants
on shipboard and upon arrival on our shores, and
a suggestion was made favoring national legislation
for tho purpose of effecting a radical euro of tho ovi).
Promise wa« made that a special message on this
subject would bo presented during tho present ses-
sion should information be received which would
warrant it. I now transmit to tho two Houses of
Congress all that has been officially reoeivod sinco
that time boaring upon tho subjoct, and recommcnd
that such legislation be had as will seeuro. first, sueh
room and accommodations on shipboard as is
necessary for hoalth and comfort, and such privacy
and protection as not to compel immigrants to bo
tho unwilling witness to so much vice and misery;
and second, legislation to protect them upon thoir
arrival at our sen-ports from the knaves who arc
over ready to despoil them of the little nil which
they are able to bring with them. Such legislation
will be in thointonjsus of humanity, ami seems to bo
fully justifiable. Tho immigrant is not a eitizon of
any State or Territory upon his arrival, but comes
hereto become a citizen of a great Republic, free to
change his rosidonee at will, to enjoy tho blessings
of a protecting Government, whpre all are equal
before the law, and to add to the national woalth by
his industry.
On his arrival ho does not know States or corpor-
ations, but confides implicitly in tho protecting arm
of the great, free country of winch ho has heard so
much before leaving his native land. It is asourco
of serious disappointment and discouragement to
those who start with moans sufficient to support
them comfortably until they onn choose a rcsidcnco
and begin employment for a comfortable support to
find themselves subject to ill treatment and every
discomfort on their passage hero, and at the end of
thoir journey seized upon by professed friendsdaim-
ing legal right to take ehargo oj thorn for their pro-
tection, who do not leave them until all their
resources am exhausted, when they are abandoned
in a strange land, surrounded by strangers, without
employment, and ignorant of the means of securing
it. Under tho present syMem this is the fate of
thousands annually, tho oxpomhos on shipboard
and the treatment on landing driving thousands to
lives of vice and shame, who, with proper humano
treatment, might become usoiul and respectable
members of society.
I do not advice national legislation in affairs that
should bo regulated by the .States; but J sue no sub-
ject more national in its charactcr than provision
tor the safety and welfare of tho thousands who leave
foreign lands to beeomo citizens of this Republic,
When their residence is chosen they may then look
to tho laws of their locality for protection and guid-
ance.
The ma?« of immigrants arriving upon our shores,
corning as they do on vessels under foreign llagf,
makes treaties with the nations lurtnshmg theso
immigrants necessary for their com p letup) otuet ion.
For more than two years efforts have been nnide on
our part to secuie Mich treaties,and there!.-, now
reasonable ground for success.
U. S, GRANT.
Execttivk Manston. May 14,1872.
Mr. BR'OOKS. I wish to say one word.
I und-orstand the document of which the
Clerk has just finished the reading to be a
message from the President of the United
States. I have only to say in regard to the
statements of that message, that so far ns tho
treatment of emigrants by the city where 1
reside is concerned the President must have
been sadly misinformed. J regret, deeply re-
gret, that a document should go foith from
our Chief Magistrate throughout the whole
world calculated to discouruge rather than
promote emigration. The exhibition of such
a lugubrious picture as is displayed in the
message is certainly calculated to discourage
emigration.
Air. BINGHAM. It must be apparent
that if the Executive had sueh informati-m iu
his possession it was his duty to c«d! the
attention of Congress to it.
Mr. BROOKS. I have myself as good
means of information as to the treatment ot
emigrants and their reception in this countiy
as the President can have, and better, too,
