.4302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
the second regimentinfantry, National Guards,
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; to the Philip
H. Sheridan Post, No. 34, Grand Army of the
Republic, of Salem, Massachusetts; to the
mayor of the city of Worcester, Massachusetts ;
to the State Fencibles, of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania! to the commissioners of the State
of New York, for erecting a monument on
the grave of Baron Steuben, in the town of
Steuben, New York ; to the trustees of River-
side cemetery, Waterbury, Connecticut; to
the Soldiers' Monument Association of Mid-
dletown, Connecticut; to the Soldiers' Monu-
ment Association of Meriden, Connecticut;
to the Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument Asso-
ciation at Lebanon, Pennsylvania; to the Post
No. 146, Grand Army of the Republic, at
Shenandoah, Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania;
to the Soldiers' Monument Association of
Kane county, Illinois.
The bill was reported-to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is that
bill for?
Mr. WILSON. It is a [louse bill granting
condemned cannon for soldiers' monuments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator understand that there is a supply of con-
demned cannon to that extent?
Mr. WILSON. Oh, yes; certainly.
Mr. NYK. I think we ought to define what
these monuments are to bo. or the country
will be full of monuments with rearing horses
enough to frighten anybody. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. The Senator mistakes this.
This is a grant of condemned cannon for our
soldiers' monuments.
Mr. Ni'K. Hut what kind of monuments
are they to be? 1 wish the bill would define
what sort they should be. How many cannon
do you condemn ?
Mr. WILSON. We allow four or six in
each case. They are building a large number
of these monumouts all over the country, and
these are merely condemned cannon. The
bill defines the number to be given to each
place.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should liko
to know something about this bill.
Mr. WILSON. If it is going to take any
time, I would rather lay the bill aside.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it is
rather a largo bill.
Mr. WILSON. If it was ten times as largo,
my opinion is that the best thing we can do
wilh these cannon is to use ttiem for this
purpose.
Mr. CONKLING. Then do not lay tho bill
aside.
Mr. WILSON. We have already granted
a great number of cannon for this purpose for
various places, and I have no doubt we shall
for a hundred more.
Mr, CONKLING. What are they granted
for ? State wbat. it is.
Mr. WILSON. It is a grant of cannon for
different soldiers' monuments throughout the
country, four or six to each place.
_ Mr. CONKLING. All that we do is to
give the cannon, and they do what they please
with them without expense to us?
Mr. WILSON. Yes. sir. We have already
granted a great many. I do not want to spend
time over this bill, as I have a great many that
1 wish to have considered, and if it is to be
debated, I will lay it aside.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not ob-
ject, but it will be seen that these cannon are
not by any means equally distributed. Here
are three places in Connecticut, and Iotily see
one in New York aud one in Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILSON. This is a bill that comes
from the House, and it gives all the condemned
cannon that the people in the different sections
have asked for.
Mr. CONKLING. We never get anything
in New York any way, and that is the reason
•we do not ask it. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
object to the bill.
The bill was passed.
W. A. HOWARD.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 2800, for the relief of W. A. Howard.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, which is a direction to the
proper accounting officer of the Treasury to
cause to be paid to the legal representative of
W. A. Howard, deceased, late of the New
York marine artillery and of the thirteenth
New York heavy artillery, the full pay and
emoluments of a colonel of artillery, from
September 21, 1801. to May 29, 1802 ; but
all pay and emoluments received by him as an
officer of the United States during that period
is to be deducted from the amount authorized
by this act
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
tho third time, and passed.
FORT WALL A-WALL A RESERVATION.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
House bill No. 270(5.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of tho Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. K. No. 2700) to amend
an act entitled " An act to provide for the dis-
position of useless military reservations,"
approved February 24, 1871. The bill directs
the Secretary of War to transfer to the custody
and control of the Secretary of the Interior,
for disposition for cash, according to the exist-
ing laws of the United States relating to the
public lands, after appraisement, to tho highest
bidder, and at not less than the appraised
value, nor at less than $1 25 per acre, the
United States military reservation at Fort
Will 1 a- Walla, in the Territory of Washington ;
but the Secretary of the Interior, whenever in
his opinion the public interest may require it,
is to cause the reservation, or part or parts of
it, to be subdivided into tracts of less than forty
acres each, or into town lota, with the neces-
sary street or streets to make the same access-
ible, and each subdivision, together with the
buildings, building materials, or other property
which may be thereon, is to lie appraised and
offered separately at public* outcry, to the
highest, bidder, but not in subdivisions of more
than forty acres each, after which any unsold
land or lot is to be subject to sale at private
entry for the appraised value at the proper
land office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
tho third time, and passed.
SKTH M. WIIITTKN.
Mr. STIiWAlvT. Now I should like to go
on with the railroad bill.
Mr. WILSON. I thoughtit was understood
that I should have half an hour or an hour
this evening.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 575.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 576) for the relief
of Seth M. Whitten, late private of the fourth
regiment Michigan infantry. The Adjutant
General of the Army is directed by the bill to
remove the charge of desertion from the name
of Seth M. Whitten, late private company K,
fourth regiment Michigan infantry, ami he
is to be allowed and paid the back pay and
bounty due him in the same manner and to
the same extent as if the charge of desertion
had uever been made.
Mr. CONKLING. Why is that? I wish
the Senator would explain it in a word.
Mr. WILSON. The facts in the case are
that this man was carried on board of a steam-
boat by officers at New Orleans, being too sick
to walk. He happened to get off the list, aud
was marked in this way, but he has certificates
showing him to be a man of the highest char-
acter and of the greatest valor.
Mr. CONKLING. Then he was not a
deserter of his own volition?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; he was only tech-
nically a deserter.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ANDREW J. JEMISON.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take, up
House bill No. 1773.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1773) for therelief
of Andrew J. Jernison. It directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment to pay to Andrew J. Jeinison, late a pri-
vate in company A, seventh regiment Kan-
sas cavalry, out of any moneys appropriated
for the payment of bounty to volunteers, the
amount of veteran bounty he would have re-
ceived if he had not been discharged for dis-
ability occasioned by a wound received during
the period of his first enlistment, but had con-
tinued to serve until the muster-out of his
regiment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MAJOR AliRAM HEELBIt.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 1820.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (11. R. No. 182!)) for the
settlement, of the account of Major Abram
Beeler, late paymaster of United States vol-
unteers. It authorizes the accounting officers
of the Treasury Department to settle the ac-
count of Major Abram Beeler, late paymaster
of United States volunteers, and credit him
with such amount and items as stand charged
against him, and which they may reasonably
believe he could have accounted for and had
credited to his account had he. not been sud-
denly killed by guerrillas, while in the dis-
charge of his duty, on the 27th of October,
1804.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CAPTAIN LYMAN I. IIISSONG.
Mr. WILSON. 1 now move to take up
Senate bill No. 1112.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 1112) for the relief
of Captain Lyman I. Ilissong, of Henry
county, Ohio. It directs the payment to Ly-
man I. Hit-song, of Ohio, of the pay of cap-
tain from the 18th of April, 1863, to the 1st
of August, 1803, while he actually served as
captain in the ninth regiment of Louisiana
mtantry volunteers (eolored) after he was by
leave mustered out of the sixty-eighth regi-
ment Ohio volunteers, and before he was
formally mustered into the Louisiana regiment.
The hill was reported to the* Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, aud passed.
SALE OF PUBLIC PROPERTY.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 02(5, to authorize the sale of cer-
tain public property at Augusta, Georgia,
which has been returned from the House of
Representatives with an amendment.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment, of the
House' of Representatives, which was to strike
out all of the bill after the enacting clause aud
to insert in lieu thereof the following :
That, the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to sell, in whole or in such
subdivisions as shall, in his opinion, secure the
greatest amount ofrnonSy, either by public auction
