1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
amend the clause last read by adding thereto
the following:
Provided. That this appropriation shall be ex-
pended only in behaif of those Indians who go and
roumiu upon said reservations and refrain from
hostility.
. That amendment is in the precise language
of an amendment which I offered to the Indian
appropriation bill last year, which was adopted
by the House, and also by the Senate, and
incorporated in the law. I offer it because we
have suffered severely on the frontier from
depredations committed by Indians who have
been living on reservations and have gone
diiectly from their reservations to commit
depredations and murders, and they have re-
turned in many cases to the reservations. I
believe it is proven beyond all question that
the Indians in Arizona who murdered young
Mr. Loiing, of Boston, a promising young
author, were Indians who had been living
on a military reservation, and started directly
from the reservation to attack the stage-coach
in which he was a passenger. They not only
killed liiin, but nearly all the other passengers
in the stage, and within a few days after ihey
had committed this outrage they returned to
the military reservation.
Now, 1 owe it to my people to say right here
that the glories set afloat during the past year,
and which seem to have been believed by many
people ill the United States, that the people
of Arizona are opposed to, or have at any time
been opposed to. a fair and honest effort to get
the Apache Indians on reservations is simply
untiue. What my people have objected to is
the fact that year after year these Indians, more
or less, have been harbored upon military res-
ervmioiis, have been allowed to go and come
at will, and have constamly committed the
most, outrageous depredations throughout, the
length and bread'h of the Territory, making
it, as my honorable friend from California has
justly said, " a very hell on earth." We do
not object, to the reservation system and to
the extension of the peace policy to that coun-
try, and 1 am glad to see such liberal appro-
priations put in this bill. It seems to me to
be the best Indian appropriation bill that we
have had, and the reason why there are more
items in it and greater expenditures must be
very clear to gentlemen who reflect on the fact
that there is here one item alone of $'230,000
to try the experiment of feeding the Apaches
in Arizona, who have expressed a willingness,
some of them, although not as many as has
been stated here, to come upon the reserva-
tions. Let the reservation system be thor-
oughly and completely tried.
1 have not the faith that some gentlemen
here seem to have, that these wild Indians,
who have been at war for centuries, are at
once going to move upon reservations and
consent to submit to the laws of the land and
become honest and peaceable Indians. I be-
lieve we are yet to have trouble with them,
and must keep a standing array oil the frontier
to control them. But as the, expenditure for
feeding the Indians will increase, if these ex-
periments are successful, so will the cost of
the army decrease for the defense of the fron-
tier, and we will save in a greater proportion.
I believe the peace policy of the President,
so called, whether his policy or not, is upon
the whole a good one. I took occasion last
winter upon the floor ot this House to say
that it was a good policy and was productive
of good results, that it was giving us agents
of greater honesty and of better devotion to
business. But gentlemen must remember, as
I have already said, that we have different
kinds of Indians to deal with. With some of
these wild tribes 011 the frontiers of Arizona,
New Mexico, and Texas a peace policy is
purely experimental. Let that experiment be
thoroughly and completely tried, and do not
let it be tried with gross and constant misrep-
resentation of the people of the frontier. If
this peace commission has failed in any one
respect, it has been in sending agents to the
frontiers whose prejudices are all in favor of
the Indians and against the white people there.
It is hard upon men, who have suffered for
years and years by the loss of their property,
the destruction of their homes, the murder of
their wives and children, to have a man come
there who has never been in an Indian country
before, and tell them that they have always been
in the wrong and the Indians have been right.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. I have but few words to
say.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I ask per-
mission to print some additional remarks upon
this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no
objeciion.
[The remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. SARGENT. I can reply, of course,
only to the remarks of the gentleman which 1
have heard. I concurred last year in the amend-
ment he then offered, and I concur this year
in the amendment he has now offered. To show
that the amendment is not at all hostile to what
is called the policy of the Government, I
desire to have read an order of the general
commanding that district, which directs that
unless the Indians remain upon the reserva-
tions and behave themselves, they are to be
treated as hostile Indians. They must remain
upon the reservations, and if found wandering
otf from them they will be deemed as hostile lo
the Government and will be treated as enemies.
The Clerk read as follows :
[General Orders, No. 3o.]
IlF.ADQCAItTKKS DEPARTMENT OF ARIZONA.
Prkscott, JJccember 2", 1871.
In accordance with the tortus of the orders of the
division commander, the time within tho limits
of which all roving bands of Apache Indians are
required to go upon their reservations is announced
and fixed aa Fobrutuy 15. 1872, on and utter which
date all Apache Indians found outside of their res-
ervations will be considered and treated as hostile.
AS.#**-* * ♦
Commanding officers of posts will cornmunicato
tho contents of this order without delay, and by
every available means, to tho Indians concerned.
GEORGE CROOK,
Lieutmant Colonel Twenty-third Injnntry,
Brevet Major General cotninna<Un,o,
Official: JOHN U. BOURKK,
Aid-dc- Camp.
Mr. SARGENT. Unquestionably it is neces-
sary where there are bands of roaming wild
Indians, if the bounty of the Government is
extended toward them on the condition that
they shall remain peaceable and not molest
our citizens, that they shall go upon reserva-
tions and remain upon the territory especially
assigned to them, and that across the lines of
that small piece of territory white men shall
not go to molest them. I think myself that
the long-suffering people of Arizona—and I
know they have been long-suffering, and im-
posed upon by these fierce, hostile Indians
down there—1 think they are unnecessarily
sensitive when the agents of the Government,
men who I believe are of high character, are
sent down there to inquire into the existing
order of things, and to ascertain why, upon the
average, one murder a day was committed in
that Territory ; to ascertain whether there are
no means of bringing that state of things to a
close, whether these Indians, Cochise and other
chiefs with their followers, can be induced
to go upon reservations and remain there on
condition that the Government would relieve
their necessities while they remained there.
They went down there ; and the citizens of
the Territory objected that it was an idle policy
to put Indians upon reservations and feed
them, because when they had been fed they
went out of the reservations to depredate,
leaving behind them only their women, chil-
dren, and old men. I believe they did not
give sufficient weight to the idea which it was
the design of the Government to convey to
them, that while relief was carried to the
Indians in one hand, there was in the other a
sword which would punish,, and punish relent-
lessly, wanton hostility committed afterward
upon our people. This is the policy which
we shall endeavor to carry out in Aiizona,
and I know it has the sanction of the gentle-
man from Arizona himself.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Let me
say a single word in this connection. The
order which has just been read, and which is
most acceptable to the people of Arizona, is a
new thing. No such order had been promul-
gated last year, and therefore it could not
have been taken into consideration in connec-
tion with what was said at that, time. It was
not made known at that time to the people by
the representative of the peace commission
in that country that such would be the fixed
policy of tho Government. I believe that
under such a policy strictly canied out on
both sides—not only on the peacs side, but
on the war side, if necessary—we may have a
better order of things in that, country. But,
sir, so far is it fro:u bring the fact that a hearty
welcome was not given to the representative
of the Government, that, as I happen to know,
he was most cordially received, and was otfi-
eialiy invited by the Governor of that Territory
to confer with him and other c'niz'iis. But
he said his business win with the Indiins, not
with the whites. He did not pursue such a
policy as was likely to conciliate the people
whom it should have been, I think, his highest
ambition to conciliate. The remarks of the
gentleman from California, who is as highly
esteemed among our people as any man can
be anywhere, will, I think, go far to show
them it was intended that the policy should
be properly carried out, whether it was in fact
or not.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Ariz .na,
[Mr. McCormick,] on which debate is ex-
hausted.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. ELD1UDGE. I move to amend by
striking out the last woid of the paragiaph last
read. I think, sir, there never was a greater
jumble in any legislation than there is upon
this Indian matter, if wc take the views of ihe
different gentlemen who have expiesfced iheir
opinions upon it. It seems to be the particu-
lar vocation, if 1 may so style it, of the gentlo-
man who has charge of this bill to make out
that the Administration is wise in its polic.v in
regard to the Indians. Yet I was struck with
the gentleman's remark, when he told us that
there was a "perfect hell1' in that Indian
country. 1 do not know when that "hell'' was
created. I do not know whether it is the re-
sult of the ancient policy in regard to Indian
affairs, or the result of the modern policy. In
the same breath, almost, the gentleman paid a
high compliment to the different churches, oil
account of the influence which they had ex-
erted upon Indian affairs. He told us of the
great work of the different religious denomina-
tions. I am not disposed at all to contest that
question, or to anta4onize any of tho views
which the gentleman expressed in regard to
the efforts of the several religious denomina-
tions named by him ; but if they have succeeded
in doing much good, if they have succeeded
in making a Christian community any whet e,
the gentleman has not told us of it. On the
contrary, they have succeeded, aecord ng to
the gentleman's statement, in making a ''per-
fect hell" somewhere.
Then, again, the gentleman tells us what
has been done in the way of humanizing, civil-
izing, and Christianizing these Indians ; and
he urges upon us a certain policy because of
what has been done in this regard: yet he
turns round, and in the next breath tells us of
the "warlike devils''in the Indian country.
Now, sir, if these are the results of the policy
which he advocates—I know he does it in good
faith and with a Christian spirit, because he has
referred to these Christian denominations as
coworkers with him—I wish to understand
precisely what his policy has accomplished. I
