1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3407
because I live on the spot where so large a
proportion of them land.
Mr. BINGHAM. Perhapsthe Chief Magis-
trate had not the benefit of the gentleman's
instruction and information. But having re-
ceived such information as be got, it was
undoubtedly his duty to bring it to the atten-
tion of Congress. That is all that he has
done, and the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] should thank him for doing it. In-
stead of discouraging immigration to the coun-
try, it will only notify all the world that those
bound for the American shores will be taken
notice of by the Chief Magistrate of the nation,
and that complaints made of their ill treatment
or anything else will be attended to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
leave to say that the State of Massachusetts,
by its legislation, has abolished all head-money
or capitation tax for the landing of emigrants
oil our shores, and that they will be there
hospitably treated, as they always have been,
and taken care of whether in sickness or in
health. And I am very glad that the Presi-
dent of the United States has directed atten-
tion, both abroad and in this country, to the
fact that hereafter the emigrant to the United
States will become the ward of the nation, and
will be taken care of by the nation, instead ol
being left to be the victim of any wrong-doing
on the part of individual States.
Themessage, with accompanyiugdocuments,
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BIRD, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found duly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same: . „
An act (H. R. No. 2018) for the relief of
Robert A. Mayo, of Richmond, Virginia;
An act (H. R. No. 207) tor the relief of
Robert L. D. Barchfield; and
An act (S. No. 845) to authorize the con-
struction of certain bridges across the Missis-
sippi river, and to establish the same as post
roads.
committee on tiib public lands.
Mr. KBTCHAM. I ask unanimous con-
sent to have several Senate bills now on the
Speaker's table referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands. The House yesterday
assigned Thursday and Friday evenings of this
week for the consideration of reports from
that committee, and I desire to have these
bills referred that they may be considered at
a meeting of the committee to-morrow morn-
ing.
The SPEAKER. The titles of the bills
which the gentleman from New York desires
to have referred to his committee will be
read.
The titles of the bills were read, as follows :
A bill (S. No. 877) to create an additional
land district in the State of Kansas ; and
A bill (S. No. 617) in relation to the Dakota
Southern Railroad Company.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before consenting that
that bill shall be referred, I ask to have it
read.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I see no objection to that.
A bill (S. No. 984) granting a right of way
through the public lauds to the Denver and
Rio Grande Railway Company.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let that bill be reported.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no objection to
that, so far as I am concerned.
A bill (S. No. 918) to change the direction
of the road authorized by the_act approved
June 3, 1856, from Ontonagon, in the State or
Michigan, to the Wisconsin State line, and for
other purposes. . „
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the reporting of
that bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the reference
of that bill.
A bill (S. No. 754) granting the right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph in Florida.
A bill (S. No. 801) granting t.he right of^
way to the Mobile and Alabama Grand Trunk'
Railroad Company through and over lands
owned by the United States.
Mr. COX. I ask for the reporting of that
bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. COX. I object to that bill.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill will retain
its place upon the Speaker's table.
The next of the bills upon the Speaker's
table was a bill (S. No. 908) relating to the
creation of new land districts.
Mr. • GRIFFITH. I would ask if the bill
in relation to the Denver and Rio Grande
railroad was objected to?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Houian] had it read, and no
objection was made.
Mr. BUTLEIt, of Massachusetts. I object
to all our tune being taken up.
Mr. POLAND. 1 desire also to object to
the Denver and Rio Grande railroad bill.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will re-
gard the objeciion as having been made at the
time, and the bill will remain upon the Speaker's
table.
The several bills to which no objection wAs
made were referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
ORDttft OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called for, this evening is devoted
to the hearing of reports from the Judiciary
Committee.
ELECTIONS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back,
with the recommendation that'it do pass, the
bill (H. R. No. 351) to prescribe the time for
holding the election for choosing electors for
President and Vice President in the State of
Louisiana for the year 1872.
The bill was read. It provides that the
electors for President and Vice President shall
be chosen by the State of Louisiana on the first
Monday of November, in the year 1872 ; pro-
vided that said State may by law provide for
the filling of any vacancy or vacancics which
may occur in its college of electors when such
college meets to give it.s electoral vote.
Mr. BINGIIAM. I have but a word to say
in relation to this bill. I explained it to the
House when it was before it some time since.
The annual election in the State of Louisiana
takes place on the first Monday of November,
being the day before the day appointed under
the general law for the choice of electors in
the several States. Now, the constitution of
the State of Louisiana does not change the time
for the general election. The^ Senate deemed
it important to pass a bill similar to ours, but
without the proviso. The Committee on the
Judiciary annexed the proviso because by some
unforeseen influence it may happen that no elec-
tion will be held on that day, and in that event
it is impossible that the people of Louisiana
should be allowed under the law to choose
electors. Gentlemen will observe that the
proviso is, if not precisely, literally in the words
of the law of 1845.
Mr. COX rose. ,
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman wishes
to object to the reporting of the bill, I will
yield to him, but retain the floor.
Mr. COX. The gentleman seems very sharp
about it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all.
Mr. COX. I do not think this is a very
heavy hill. I will not talk about it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. That is a very heavy
argument on both sides, and I am balanced
by it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRACTICE IN i'lSDBKAL COURTS.
Mr. BINGHAM also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back with an amendment,
and recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(S. No. 468) to regulate criminal practice in
the Federal courts.
The bill was read. It provides that in every
case where a demurrer is interposed to an
indictment, or to any count or counts thereof,
or to any information in any court of the Uni-
ted States, within the limits of any State, Ter-
ritory, or District, and such demurrer shall
be overruled by the court, no peremptory or
final judgment, in the cause shall be rendered
thereupon, but only a judgment of respondeat
ouster; but this act shall not have the effect
to entitle the defendant to a continuance of
the case beyond the term at which such shall
be overruled.
The committee recommended an amend-
ment, to strike out all after the words "re-
spondeat ouster."
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to strike out the
words 11 respondeat ouster," and put it into
English. This is an age of progress, and we
ought to adhere to our own language.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It seems to me to be
common English, since the gentleman from
Indiana comprehends it. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Since we have taken a
new departure, we ought to adhere to our own
language. [Laughter.] I move to strike out
"respondeat ouster," and to insert in lieu
thereof "answer over."
The question was put; and there were—ayes
twenty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to athird
reading, and was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
• PRESIDENTIAL KLBCTOKS.
Mr. BINGHAM also, froin the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, Senate bill No. 810, to
amend an act entitled " An act to establish a
uniform time for holding elections for electors
of President and Vice President in all the
States of the Union," approved January 23,
184-5
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that if
by the now existing laws of any State the
elections commencing on the Tuesday next
after the first Monday in November, 1872, for
the purpose of choosing electors of President
and Vice President in such States shall be re-
quired to be continued for more than one day,
then such elections shall be continued the
number of days required by the laws of such
States.
Mr. COX. I would like to hear some ex-
planation of this bill.
Mr. BINGIIAM. In several States of this
Union, by existing laws, the elections com-
mence on the same day far State purposes^ as
that appointed by existing law for choosing
the electors of President and Vice President
in the presidential year, and by the State laws
the election continues from day to day for
several days. This bill proposes to enable
the people in the States in which such pro-
