1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1615
probable receipts and disbursements of the
Government, showing a deficit of $10,000,000,
should be corrected, which I propose to do.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw the
point of order for the present.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose that I shall have
an opportunity to reply to the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There it is! I
must insist on my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York is aware that this bill being a special
order, debate must be confined to the measure
under consideration.
Mr. WOOD. I am aware of the rule; but
I am also aware of the practice. I know that
in Committee of the Whole upon bills of this
character we are in the habit of discussing
everything of a revenue character. Such has
been the practice of the House for the.last
thirty years to my knowledge. I will remind
the Chair that this discussion, commenced
■ by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] was continued long after we had pro-
ceeded to take up the different items of the
bill. The point was not made against him;
and I regret to find it made against myself.
However, I defer to the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
say in his own vindication that he has no dis-
position to cut short the remarks of the gentle-
man from New York; but when the point of
order is made, he must decide it in accordance
with the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] that he may
move to raise some of these items, and then
his remarks might be pertinent if he sup-
ported his amendment by showing that we
have more money in the Treasury than has
been supposed.
Mr. WOOD. Then I move to increase the
pending appropriation to $35,000.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, acting
upon what he deemed a sense of duty, and
who was probably entirely accurate from his
stand-point, presented to the House a very
remarkable statement as to the receipts and
disbursements of the Government, and after
going through details he concluded with the
most extraordinary declaration that there
would be a deficit of $10,000,000 if we were
to pay $'28,000,000 into the sinking fund.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point that the fact that we may have money
in the Treasury is no reason why we should ex-
pend it on this item. I ask that the gentle-
man's remarks be confined to his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair requests the
gentleman from New York to bear in mind
the rule, and keep as nearly within the line as
possible.
Mr. WOOD. I will not press the matter
further at this time. The gentleman from
Ohio deprives me of the opportunity of saying
what I desire to say, and therefore 1 shall wait
for a more fitting opportunity, when I shall
not be interrupted continually by these frivo-
lous and technical questions of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For manufacture of stamped envelopes and news-
paper-wrappers, $453,000: Provided, That no envel-
ope, as furnished by the Government, shall contain
any lithographing or engraving, and no printing,
except a printed request to return the letter to the
writer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I
make the point of order against that proviso
that it is new legislation, and therefore not in
order to an appropriation bill.
Mr. PALMER. The identical appropriation
was made last year in the same language.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been usual on
these appropriation bills to attach limitations
of this character.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. But you cannot
inaugurate new legislation upon this appro-
priation as to the kind of envelopes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. STRONG. I move an amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strikeout all after the word "provided," inline
forty-six, and in lieu thereof insert the following:
"That no name whatever shall be printed or lith-
ographed on any envelope furnished by the Gov-
ernment."
Mr. STRONG. Mr. Chairman, the effect
of the amendment which I offer is to stop the
Post Office Department furnishing what are
called '' special request'' envelopes. Itis well
known that the Department at the present
time, through the various post offices in the
country, receives orders for printing upon en-
velopes a request that the letter, if not called
for within ten days, shall be returned by the
postmaster to the writer, stating in full his
address, &c.; that those orders are transmitted
by postmasters to Washington, and sets of
books are kept especially for them ia the Post
Office Department. The entry of such orders
requires the employment of several additional
clerks and creates considerable of a bill of ex-
pense. After being duly recorded, they are
transmitted to New York, where the envelopes
are manufactured. From thence immense
quantities of envelopes, with the requisite
printed matter thereon, are sent all over the
country without charge for transportation.
The amendment I offer cuts off the business
of furnishing special-request envelopes, but it
does not-prevent the Department from furnish-
ing envelopes with the printed request thereon,
the name to whom return is to be made being
omitted. This would leave it for parties to
stamp their own names on the envelopes or
to employ printers to print them thereon, if
they should deem it best so to do. Should
this system be adopted, stamped envelopes
would always be furnished postmasters with-
out the necessity of special orders, and the
Government would thereby be saved great
expense.
Sir, there is just cause of complaint against
the present system. It is truly and forcibly
urged by the stationers, printers, and envel-
ope manufacturers of the country that Gov-
ernment departs from its legitimate functions
when it embarks in this business of furnishing
special-request envelopes. They claim the
legitimate business of the Post Office Depart-
ment is to furnish mail facilities to the people
and not to help parties advertise their business
by gratuitously printing their special requests
upon envelopes. They allege that the Post
Office Department in this way breaks down
and destroys the business of envelope manu-
facture, and that it enters into unfair and un-
just competition with the printers and sta-
tioners of the country. I learn from the sta-
tistics which I hold in my hand that the Post
Office Department during the year 1871 sold
stamped envelopes and wrappers to the extent
of one hundred and four millions, the average
weight of which was fifteen pounds per thou-
sand or seven hundred and eighty tons, or two
and a half tons per day.
Now, then, this great business of furnishing
these stamped envelopes to the country by the
Post Office Department loads down our mails
to the extent of two and a half tons per day.
The Post Office Department has repeatedly
and properly called the attention of Congress
to the importance of relieving our overbur-
dened mails from a large amount of matter
now .transmitted through them to the people
of the country. It is proposed to do this by
abolishing the franking privilege, and I agree
with the Postmaster General that it ought to
be abolished. But should the mails be light-
ened by abolishing the franking privilege sim-
ply for the purpose of loading them down again
with special-request envelopes?
' For one, sir, I do not believe it right for
Government to use the mails for breaking
down any legitimate business. That, however,
is the certain result in this case. Look for a
moment at the injustice of this special-order
envelope business.—-The-Post-Office Depart-
ment receives these orders, executes them at
the expense of the people, and carries the
envelopes thus printed upon all over the coun-
try free from transportation charges. How can
envelope manufacturers and printers compete
with the Government in the sale of envelopes?
They cannot send them all over the country
free of charge. Transportation costs them
money. Shall Government be allowed, at the
expense of the people, to destroy trade by
such competition as this? It seems to me that
every reasonable man must acknowledge the
injustice of this whole business. All that the
trade asks is fair play, and it is entitled to that.
I trust that the statistics which I hold in my
hand, and the petitions which have been re-
ceived in great numbers against the contin-
uance of the system of furnishing these special-
request stamped envelopes, may receive the
favorable consideration of the House.
The ordinary three-centstamped envelope weighs,
per 1,000, seven and a half pounds; weight of wood
cases and iron straps for same, per 1,000, estimated
at, seven and a half pounds; making total weight
of each 1,000, if two thirds were boxed and one third
in packages, average, say, fifteen pounds.
Cost of transportation of 1,000 envelopes, weight
fifteen pounds, at 16 cents per pound, $2 40.
Cost of transportation of 1,000 envelopes, weight
fifteen pounds, at §1 25 per pound, $18 75.
The PostOffice Department sold in 1871 of stamped
envelopes and wrappers 104,000,000, the average
weight of which was fifteen pounds per 1,000, or 780
tons, or 2i tons per diem.
The estimated cost of transporting the above
104,000,000 envelopes, if at $2 40 per 1,000, was (cost
of document matter) $1,249,600.
The estimated cost of transporting the above
104,000,000 envelopes, if at $18 75 per 1,000. was (cost
of letter matter) $1,950,000.
As all the above were sent as registered matter, it
cost much above the estimate.
There were sent from the New York office, on one
day,- (January 10,1872,) the following :
30 largo eases, each containing 25,000 envelopes and
over, amounting to, say  750,000
100 cases of 15,000 to 20,000 each, amounting
to, say... 1,600,000
25 cases of 2,000 to 10,000 each, amounting to,
say  50,000
469 packages, containing, say, 1,500 each  690,000
Total number of envelopes and wrappers... .3,090,000
estimated to weigh over twenty tons.
The estimated cost of transporting the above at,
say, 16 cents per pound, or $2 40 per 1,000 envelopes,
gives as the cost of the free matter for one day the
amount of over (estimated cost as document mat-
ter) $75,000.
Nearly the same amount as above was sent Jan-
uary 11,1872.
On January 15,1872, there were sent from the New
York post office the following:
40 eases of 25,000 envelopes, and over, or
say  1,000,000
465 packages of 2,000, and less, or say  690,000
27 cases (to St. Louis) of 25,000, and over,
say  600,000
Total number of envelopes  2,290,000
This is an estimated weight of over fifteen tons.
Letter-size three-cent post office stamped envel-
opes cost Department at New York S3 75 per 1,000.
Letter-size three-cent post are sold all over the
United States at $3 80 per 1,000.
Actual salaries paid superintendent and clerks
in New York and Washington engaged in keeping
stamped-envelope accounts, $26,300.
Estimated cost of blank books, &e., used on ac-
count of stamped-envelope bureau, $8,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I rise to oppose the
amendment. The whole subject of the manu-
facture of stamped envelopes with the printed
request upon them has been very thoroughly
examined by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads of the House. A number of
manufacturers and stationers appeared before
the committee, as did also the Postmaster Gen-
eral and the gentleman who has the contract
for furnishing the envelopes, and the whole
subject was very thoroughly discussed.
The petition of the envelope manufacturers,
which has been referred to by the gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. Stkojjg,] supposes that
it costs the Post Office Department to transmit
letter envelopes through the mail for distribu-
tion as much as the value of the stamps which
would have been required to send that weight
of envelopes according to the postal law. But
every man knows that the railroads would
charge not one cent less for transporting the
