1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4303
or by inviting proposals for the purchase thereof,
and in cithercase to the highest b'dder, all the lands
and tenements belonging to the United States at
Rome, New York ; Vergennes, Vermont; Fayette-
vilie. North Carolina ; Mount Vernon, Alabama,
and Chattahoochee, Florida, now or heretofore used
for arsenal purposes, and known, respectively, as
Home arsenal, Chaplain arsenal. North Carolina
arsenal, Mount Vernon arsenal, and Apalaehicola
arsenal; also the captured lands and tenements be-
longing to the United States at Shreveport, Louisi-
ana; Marshall and Jefferson, Texas; and in Marion
and Daviscounties Texas ; and a tract of one hun-
dred and sixty-eight acres of land, more or less, sit-
uated about two and one half miles from the present
United States arsenal at Augusta, Georgia, which
comprises the site of the old United States arsenal
and the adjoining land purchased by the so-called
confederate States, which foil to the United States
as captured property, and all the material and build-
ings of the powder-works erected by the so-called
confederate government thereon: Provided, That
no sale shall bo made under this act until the time,
terms, place, and mode thereof shall havebeen pub-
lished in one of the principal newspapers in the city
of Washington, in two ot the principal papers print-
ed at the capital of the State, and one paper printed
in the county in which the arsenal or lands to be sold
are situated, for the space of sixty days prior to the
sale. If no newspaper is printed in the county
where the property to be sold is situated, then the
notice shall be published in a newspaper printed in
any adjoining county.
Sec. 2. That the terms of payment for the property
above directed to be sold shall be in all cases not
less than one fourth cash, and the remainder on a
credit of one, two, and three years, with interest at
six per cent, per annum, securcd by bond and surety
from the purchaser or purchasers; and the Secre-
tary of War is empowered and required, on leceiving
the purchase-money in full, to execute all necessary
deeds of said property to the purchaser or purchasers
thereofon behalf of the United States.
Sec.3. That the proceeds ol said sales, after pay-
ing the necessary expenses thereof, shall, upon re-
ceipt of the same, be paid by the Secretary of W ar
into the Treasury.
Amend the title by striking out the words "at
Augusta, Georgia."
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs propose two or three amendments to
the amendment ot' the House. In line seven-
teen of the first section of the amendment I
move to strike out " one hundred and sixty-
eight" and insert "forty-eight," forty eight
acies being the amount of land to be sold at
that point. The remainder has been sold.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. "WILSON. In line twenty-one of the
first section I move to strike out the woid
" the " and insert " any," and in the twenty-
third line, after the word " property," I move
to insert "and which has not hitherto been
sold." A portion of it has been sold, and
this is to provide for the sale of the residue.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
of the House as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 471) t.o amend an act en-
titled "An act supplementary to an act to
provide for furnishing artificial limbs to dis-
abled soldiers," approved June 30, 1870.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider ihe amendment of the
House, which was to strike out all of the bill
after the enacting clause, and to insert iu lieu
thereof the following:
That the acts approved June 17,1870, and June
30,1S70, for supplying artificial limbs, or commuta-
tion tor the same, to officers, soldiers, and seamen,
shall apply to all officers, non-commissioned officers,
enlisted aud hired men ol the land and naval forces
of the United States, who, in the line of their duty
as such, shall have lost limbs or sustained bodily
injuries depriving them of the use of any of their
limbs, to be determined by the Surgeon General of
the Army.
Sue. 2. That the transportation allowed for hav-
ing artificial limbs fitted shall be furnished by the
Quartermaster General of the Army, the cost of
whieh shall be refunded from the appropriations
for invalid pensions.
Sec. 3. That the term of five years specified in
the first section of the act approved June 17,1870,
entitled " An aet to provide for furnishing artificial
limbs to disabled soldiers," shall be held to com-
mence in each case with thefiling of the application
under that act.
The amendment was concurred in.
KANSAS WAtt CLAIMS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
House bill No. 1063.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1063) to reim-
burse the State of Kansas for moneys expended
for the United States in enrolling, equipping,
and provisioning militia forces to aid in sup-
pressing the rebellion. It appropriates the
sum of $337,054 38 to reimburse the State
of Kansas for moneys expended, amounts as-
sumed, and disbursements made by the State
in enrolling, equipping, arming, subsisting,
transporting, and paying such troops as were
called into service by order of the Governor
of the State, upon the requisition of Major
General Curtis, in 1864, to repel the invasion
of the rebel forces of General Price, and to
carry into effect the provisions of an act
entitled "An act to reimburse the State of
Kansas for moneys expended for the United
States in enrolling, equipping, and provis-
ioning militia forces to aid in suppressing
the rebellion," approved February 2, 1871;
that sum being the amount reported due to
the State of Kansas by James A. Hardie, J.
D. Bingham, and T. H. Stanton, commis-
sioners appointed by the Secretary of War to
examine and audit the claims of the State in
pursuance of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to the third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. How much
does the bill involve?
Mr. WILSON. Three hundred and odd
thousand dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Three hun-
dred and odd thousand dollars, and I presume
not three men ia the Senate know anything
at all about it.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator desires an
explanation it is this : on the 2d of Febru-
ary, 1871, Congress passed an act to reim-
burse the State of Kansas for moneys ex-
pended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and provisioning militia forces
to aid in suppressing the rebellion. The
first section .provides for the appointment of
three officers "to examine and audit the
accounts of the State of Kansas for moneys
expended in payment of the expenses of liie
militia called into service by order of the
Governor, upon the requisition of Major Gen-
eral Curtis, in 1864, to repel the invasion
of General Price. There are five sections of
this act. In accordance with the provisions
of the act, three officers were appointed, who
made the examination and reported this sum,
which is but a portion of what was claimed by
that State. They report the items in detail,
and this bill is to carry out the provisions of
that act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that
is right.
The bill was passed.
POINT SAN JOSE RESERVATION.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 755.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 7o5) for the
relief of the former occupants of the present
military reservation at Point San Jose, in the
city and county of San Francisco.
The Committee on Military Affairs proposed
to amend the bill by inserting in line three,
after the word "heirs," the word "grantees."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines fourteen,
fifteen, and sixteen, to strike out the following
words:
Which compensation shall be the cash value of
said lands and the cash value of the improvements
thereon at the time when the military occupation
of said lands commenced.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. How will that part of
the bill read then ?
The Chief Clerk. It will read:
That the several persons, their heirs, grantees,
assigns, or legal representatives, who, whon the mil-
itary authorities of the United States took posses-
sion and entered into the occupation of the lands
above high-water mark within the present limits of
the military reservation at Point San Jose, in the
city of San Francisco, in the State of California,
were in the honujitlc possession of portions thereof,
by themselves, their tenants, or agents, shall bo
compensated by the United States for the lands, and
the improvements thereon, of which they were respec-
tively deprived when said lands and improvements
were taken possession of by the military author-
ities of the United States; and the Court of Claims
is hereby directed to ascertain and determine the
respective amounts of damage sustained and loss
incurred by thcseveral personswho were so as afore-
said in the possession of said premises, or of any por-
tion thereof, at the time the same were taken for
public use, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that bill ought
not to pass. It is in defiance of a decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States that
the land is the property of the United States,
properly reserved by the United States author-
ities in pursuance of a map filed with the
proper officer, and the Supreme Court of the
United States have upheld the right and title
of the United States. Now, why we should
pay for the value of the land as well as the
value of improvements I cannot imagine. I
ara, for one, willing to vote to pay these peo-
ple the v.vlue of the improvements they put
on the land of the United States ; but one inch
beyond that I would not be willing to go.
It was land of the United States just as
much as the land on which this Capitol stands,
and the title to it has been settled by the
highest court in the country. Now, for us to
pay the value of this land and all the improve-
ments made upon it, without limitation, \fill
be not only to reverse the decision of the
Supreme Court, but to place us in a worse
position than a trespasser; in a worse posi-
tion than we should be if we had taken violent
possession of this property without any color
of right or title. Then we should have the
benefit of the occupying claimants' law ; but
now we are compelled to pay the value of this
land assessed by the Court of Claims, far
remote from the site, and undoubtedly very
large amounts will be assessed against the
Government of the United States. If the
Senator will modify it so as to pay them for
improvements upon the land, and give the
benefit of the occupying claimants' law or the
principle that lies at the foundation of the
occupying claimants' law, I am willing to do
that. Beyond that I will not go. The bill
was up some time ago and discussed awhile,
and at the request of persons who were inter-
ested in it I looked at the papers presented.
It is a plain ease of people settling without
title upon a military reserve of the United
States, and there making improvements. The
Government of the United States took pos-
session of the land and appropriated the
improvements of these people, which I think
was wrong.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman who had
the care of this bill in the Military Committee
and made the examination I do not see in his
seat, and I think I shall have to waive the bill
at present and let it lie over to-night.
Mr. COLE. One word only. I only wish
to say that an understanding of this case re-
quires some time, and perhaps the Senator
trom Ohio will be satisfied if we can only go
into a discussion and consideration of it and
show the validity of these claims. These par-
ties went upon the land in as good faith as was
exhibited on the part of any of the settle! s in
the city ol' San Francisco. It was afteiward
taken possession of during the war by the
Government rather as a military necessity than
otherwise. The Senator from Massachusetts
