1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2511
ceeded to read the bill by paragraphs for
amendment, and read as follows:
For department of drawing: for turners' lieber-
studiorum for use of the second class, 0120; topo-
graphical models, architectural models and orna-
ments, and models of machines, for the use of the
third class, $100; colors, brushes, pencils, and papers,
for the use of instructors, ten dollars.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There is a
new word introduced into this appropriation
bill, the word '' lieberstudiorum." Now, that
is a very suspicious word, and I think it is the
first time it appears in our appropriation bills.
I think we ought to have some explanation
of' it from some of these military gentlemen,
because when political gentlemen go on the
stump they may be asked by their constituents
what "lieberstudiorum" means, and I do not
know how they would answer.
Let me say that "liebe-spiel" means flirta-
tion, while u liebe-schule" means a love-
school. What lieberstudiorum means I do not
really know.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would say to
the gentleman that the word is misspelled.
It shouldread 4"liber studiorum," whichmeans
"book of studies."
The Cleik read as follows;
For miscellaneous arid contingent expenses: for
gas, coai-oil for lighting the Academy, cadet bar-
racks, mess-hall, hospital offices, stable, and inside
walks, $4,000; water-pipes, plumbing, and repairs,
$2,000: cleaning public buildings, (not quarters,)
$5()0; brooms, brushes, paiis, tubs, and cloths, $200;
chalk, crayons, sponge, and slates for recitation-
rooms, $100; compensation of chapel organist, $200;
compensation of librarian, $120: compensation of
non-commissioned officer in charge of mechanics,
fifty dollars; compensation of soldier writing in ad-
jutant's office, fifty dollars ; pay of engineer of heat-
ing and ventilating apparatus, eadot barracks, chapel,
and philosophical academy, including the library,
81,500; pny of assistant ot same, $720; pay of five
firemen, $2,200; increase and expense of the library,
books, magazines, periodicals, and binding, $2,000.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the para-
graph:
For reimbursing ondets for losses incurred by their
efforts in extinguishing the fire in their barracks in
the year 1871, $6,818 81.
This amendment refers to the fire which
took place in the barracks of the cadets in
1871. Some fifty of them rushed from their
rooms for the purpose of extinguishing the
fire ; the most meritorious among the cadets
lost their clothing and books. I have a detailed
statement of these losses here from the Sec-
retary of War, with a letter recommending
this appropriation, and it seems to me just in
every respect that those who lost by seeking
to save the property of the Government should
be reimbursed. I would ask that the letter of
the Secretary be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
WAit Department,
Washington" City, March 1,1872.
Dear Sik: In reply to your inquiry of the 28th
ultimo, whether the Department had the data
or estimates of the amount of losses incurred by
certain cadets of the Military Academy by a tire in
their barracks, (1871.) X have the honor to inclose
a copy of the estimates of the loss of each cadet,
carefully prepared, and also c-opy of a letter to the
House of Representatives, of date December 22,
1871, recommending anappropriation tor their reim-
bursement. I-,.* +
Very respectfully, your obedient  «™^APt
Sect etary of War.
Hon. It. J. Haldeman, M. C.
Mr. MARSHALL. The attention of the
Committee on Appropriations was called by
the Secretary of War to this matter after the
bill had been prepared, and tue committee
appioved of'the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move the previous
question on the engrossment and third read-
ing of the bill.
The urevious question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question, whether there is any appro-
priation in this bill for a German professor ?
Mr. MARSHALL. There is none, I be-
lieve.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That provision
has not become a law yet. It passed the House,
but has not been acted on by the Senate.
Mr. L. MYERS. Is there any objection to
placing it in this appropriation bill?
Mr. MARSHALL. It is not the law. The
Senate never passed the House resolution.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be kid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest ni black vs. walls.
The SPEAKER laid before the House addi-
tional testimony in the contested-election case
of Niblackus. Walls, from the State of Florida ;
■which was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
washington city savings bank.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the treasurer of the
Washington City Savings Bank, in compliance
with the charter of said bank, transmitting
their sixth annual statement; which was re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for two days.
Mr. McKINNEY, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence for ten days, on
account of sickness in his family.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, asked and obtained
unanimous consent for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case
of Hannah Crawford.
Mr. MERRICK asked and obtained unani-
mous consent for the withdrawal from the files
of the House of the papers in the case of
George Calvert, reported upon adversely by
the Committee on Military Affairs, March 11,
1872, in order that the same may be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
madison library, iowa.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
Printing, by unanimous consent, reported back
the memorial of Hon. Daniel P. Miller, pray-
ing the passage of a joint resolulion for the
relief of the Madison Library Association of
Fort Madison, Lee county, Iowa, and moved
that the committee be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. NIBLACK. Would it be in order now
to move to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the fortification
appropriation bill?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The Clerk
will read from the order of business in relation
to a bill reported by the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr.'willard] from the select Commit-
tee on the Reorganization of the Civil Service
of the United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A bill (H. R. 787) to preserve theindependcnce of
the several departments of the Government. Pend-
ing the question on its engrossment the morning
hour expired. February21,itsfurthcrconsideration
postponed until Wednesday, March 20, alter the
moining hour. Special order for that and% the next
day, and main question to be ordered at four P. M*.
on the latter day, March 20. Postponed until Wed-
nesday, April 17, next, at two o'olock p. in., to be
considered under the same conditions as those here-
tofore ordered."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If an arrange-
ment could be made by which the fortification
appropriation bill could be considered and
passed by the House to-day without prejudice
to other interests, the Committee on Appro-
priations would be very glad to clear the decks
for the tariff bill when it comes up. \Ye have
but two or three more bills to bring before the
House, and that one could be got through in
an hour or an hour and a half.
Mi*. HOLMAN. I hope that will be agreed
to, after the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Willard] shall have concluded the remarks
he desires to submit to-day.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Willard] yield to me to in-
troduce a bill for reference?
Mr. WILLARD. I will do so, if it shall
take no time.
collection of internal revenue.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (EI. R. No. 2327) to reduce the
forco required for the collection of internal
revenue and to diminish the expense of such
collection; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
civil service.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the bill (LI. R. No. 787)
to preserve the independence of the several
departments of the Government, upon which
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Willard]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask the Clerk to read a
paper I send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Executive Order.—The advisory board of the civil
scrvice having completed the grouping contem-
plated by the rules already adopted, have recom-
mended certain provisions for carrying the rules
into effect.
The recommendations, as herewith published, are
approved, and the provisions will be enforced as
rapidly as the proper arrangements can be made,
and the thirteenth of the rules adopted on the
19th day ot December last is amended to read as
published herewith.
The utmost fidelity and diligence will be expected
of all officers in every branch of the public service-
Political assessments, as they axe called, have been
forbidden within the various Departments; and
while the right of all persons in ollicial position to
take part m politics is acknowledged, and the elect-
ive franchise is rccogmzcd as a high trust, to bo
discharged by all entitled to its exercise, whetherin
the employment of the Government or in private
life, honesty and efficiency, not political activity,
will determine the tenure of office.
U. S. GRANT.
By the President:
HAMILTON PISH,
Secretary of State.
Washington, April lb* 1S72.
Mr. WILLARD. I have caused this execu-
tive order to be read, because it seems to me
that it is a very fitting introduction to some
discussion of this question of civil service
reform.
Mr. Speaker, we are all reformers—profess-
edly so at least. We are all in favor of civil
service reform—of some sort. Republicans
and Democrats; all shades of Republic-
ans and all shades of Democrats are opposed
to corruption—in the abstract. We make
public proclamation of this in speeches here,
upon the slump, upon the platform, and
through all our newspapers. Messages of
Presidents and reports of the heads of Depart-
ments press the subject upon our attention.
Not unfrequent developments of the improper
use of official positions and information seem
to demand some action calculated to secure
more honesty, honor and efficiency in places
of trust, responsibility, and power, and all
resolve that we will at once set about the work.
But, from the very beginning we encounter
apparently almost insurmountable obstacles.
We agree substantially as to the end which we
ought to reach ; we differ with a difference as
wide as that which separates the poles as to
the means to reach that end. No man will
say that he is not in favor of a rigorously honest
administration of public affairs. Tweed used
to say that when he was stealing millions
annually. It costs nothing to be honest and
noble and good—011 paper; and that kind of
honesty and nobility and goodness has there-
fore become common and cheap. Are we ever
to have anything better ? Is there to be any
reform in fact? Or are we still to put agree-
