720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
■wish to know whom it has Christianized and
civilized, what paradise it has created. The
gentleman has told us of a 1' perfect hell' '—an
idea I am scarcely able to comprehend; he has
told lis of " warlike devils." Let liira tell us
something about the heaven which hh policy
has created; let him tell us of the Elysium
his policy has broughtaboul downtheie; let
him tell us of the men who havebeeu ei\ ilized,
of the men who have been reformed and Chris-
tianized and while he is telling us of the evil
results, can he charge this " perfect n^ 11" or
these "warlike devils" on any other Admin-
istration than this? I do not wish either to
advocate or vote for a bill which has for its
only result to make this "peilVct hell" or
these u warlike devils" which the gentleman
has described. 1 wish now we could understand
what he means by this sort of tiling. It'this
policy is humanizing or Christianizing these
men, then goon with it; but if not. let us
have done with it and substitute for it some
other policy which will produce neither tue
hell nor the devils which he has described.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. SARGBN I'. Mr. Chairman, the avo-
cation I am engaged in at pre.-ent is passing
the Indian apprnptiauon bill, i do that be-
cause the treaties and laws of the United States
require this bill should pass, in order to fulfill
the obligations which we as a Government have
entered into with these Indian tribes. The avo-
cation of the gentleman from Wisconsin upon
this lloor, so far as I ha\o seen, is to carp at
the Administration, it makes no difference what
the subject moy be before the House, and to
make attacks on members on this side of the
House. If he does not engage hims«lf in that
character otteller than any utho>\ then 1 will
withdraw the remark. It seems to me if Ther-
sites is represented on this lloor. it is bv the
gentleman himself.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in regard to the In-
dians of Arizona, (his policy has not been ap-
plied to all, in the lirslplace, because Congress
has not appropriated the money; and in the
second place, they are remote, and lor other
like reasons of the same kind which might be
instanced. The fame policy was inaugurated
as to tin; Sioux of Dakota, and they ha\esmee
become peaceable Indians. Five years ago
they ravaged Minnesota. Five years ago the
flames of burning dwellings went up through
Minnesota and along her borders, women were
outraged and men scalped and left upon the
iield, and a cry of horror went up from tho
whole eonntiy over the outrages committed by
these Indians. To stop scenes like those was
of coins'! a gieat credit to whoever aecom-
pli-hed it. Tlio'e scenes were put an end to
by the inauguration of the very policy to which
I have referred. Those Indians who before
■were so warlike have become peaceable ; they
are beginning to adopt, gradually, civilized
habiliments; they are beginning to cultivate
their fields.
I could take other Indians, if necessary; but
I do notwibh to occupy the time of the llouse,
and show how this Christianizing influence is
at work upon them. I might instance the Paw-
nees. J might show, so far as this policy is
concerned, that it is not exclusively the policy
of this Administration, but that heretolore it
has woiked the most beneficial results in refer-
ence to tue Creeks, the Clierokees, the Chick-
asaws, the Choctaws, and the ISeminoles. The
Seminoles themselves, who made a hell in
Florida, are now on reservations in the Indian
territory, where they are peaceable to a cer-
tain extent.^ And the Winuebagos are to-day
becoming citizens under tho humane policy
of the Government. We wish to extend this
I
oliey. While 1 do not believe there is a
leaven on earth, while 1 do not mean to paint
the Elysian fields, yet I do say we have peace
throughout the Ind.an territory exactly for
the reason that we have placed these Indian
tribes upon reservations under the humane
and Christianizing policy now being followed
by this Government. The exception i3 in
Arizona among a few Kickapoos, who wander
backward and forward between old Mexico
and Texas, and the Teton-Sioux. The Indian
department urges that an appropriation should
be made to extend the policy to them, so as
to tient them as we treat other Indians, and
see whether we cannot by these bribes, if you
choose to call tiiom such, prevent them from
murdering our people and committing other
outrages upon our frontier settlements.
Mr. Chairman, this has been the beneficial
remit of our peaceful policy toward the Indian.
I did not speak of it as one the credit of which
belonged to this Administration ; but I think
it does. I spoke of it as a policy which Con-
gress ought to foster, and which gentlemen of
liberal minds around me advocate to-day—a
policy which is advocated by gentlemen on both
sides of the House. I doubt whether a ques-
tion of this kind can be reduced to a mere
party question. It is one of humanity, in which
all sides and all parties are interested. I
believe the great problem presented to the
American people is, whether the Indian shall
be swept off' the face of the continent, or
whether the enlightenment of this day, under
the benign influence of this great country, shall
be extended to these Indians, in order that
they may become civilized and peaceable cit-
izens. 1 believe that this is the problem before
us, and that it is higher than party, higher
than Administrations, and that it is the duty
of every liberal-minded man—1 will not say
of every Christian man—to give his aid and
countenance to a work like that.
Mr. ELD1I.IDGF. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I renew
it. I desire to expres-,my surprise at the system
of logic which obtains in this House lifer sev-
enty years of experience in the management
of Indian matters. No m.ui, it occurs to me,
who has ever resided any length of time upon
our borders, can arrive at any other conclusion
than that we must change the character of tho
American people betore we call have perma-
nent peace with the Indian tribes. Sir, to my
judgment it is not tins policy or that policy
that is concerned here, but it is the aggression
of a superior race against an inferior; and just
so long as the American pi ople are pioneers,
just so long as they are an emigrating people,
just so long as they aie tiespassin^ upou the
homes and the cabins and the lodges and
the lauds of the red man, just so long we shall
have trouble with them, i'ou may temporize
here and there for a time. Progress in settle-
ment muy assume a direction southwest or
west or northwest, aud wherever the tide of
emigration is not flowing, there, sir, you may
have peace with the Indians. But just so long
as there is invasion upon the one side and
retrocession upon the other, hitter.less and
animosity, crimination and recrimination are
! the inevitable results.
i We have, in our discussion of Indian mat-
l tersheio, frequently cited the experience of
] other races and other peoples. We have been
I told that the Hudson Bay Company, who have
had dealings with tho Indian tribes for two
! centuries, have scarcely ever had an Indian
war in their territory. And why has this been
the case? It is not because itscourseof policy
is so much superior to ours, but it is because
it does not encourage emigration ;.it is because
all through its wide domains ill North Amer-
ica it excludes emigration. It. is not the pur-
pose of that company to take from the Indian
his lands, but simply to trade with liira, aud to
bring among the Indians the products of civil-
ization. But let progress of settlement take
place in the British American provinces as in
i our midst; take off the ban of the Hudson
I Bay Company, which has constantly discour-
i aged emigration and civilization; take from
them their exeiusiveness, and open up that
| country to settlement as we do ours, and allow
i British subjects to run riot over the whole
domain of the Indians, and you will see war,
and murder, and assassination, and all the
crimes andatrocities of savage life perpetrated
there as frequently as you see them perpe-
trated on American soil.
We are a progressive people in regard to
settlement. We are overrunning the entire
West. Andwherever we make these encroach-
ments we have the consequent and inevitable
troubles. It is the experience of mankind
that wherever the superior race encroaches
upon the inferior there is trouble, there is war,
there is suffering, there is bloodshed, with all
the concomitants of that condition of affairs.
And, sir, there cau be 110 policy in Indian
matters but a temporizing policy unless you
build a Chinese wall along our frontiers, and
shut out American settlers from the broad
plains of the West. lrou may expend your
millions; you may buy up an Indian tribe here
to-day, and another one there to-morrow, and
you may have to buy the same tribes the day
following. And why? Because they are like
all other nations of the world—notwithstand-
ing that they are savages they feel that the
soil on which they were reared is their home ;
they feel that where they were born and where
the bones of their ancestors lie, that is their
country. And I have never yet found an In-
dian tribe so degraded but it possessed more
or less of that common element of humanity
which we call patriotism.
Mr. SARGENT. What is your remedy ?
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. My
remedy is, as I said before, in the first place to
temporize as for as possible; but with that
temporizing I would add too elements, which
I am sorry to say our Indian policy has never
embraced. 1 would insist, so far as the Ameri-
can Government is concerned, in the first
place, on tho enforcement of absolute justice
to the Indian tribes, and in the second place,
after Iliad established justice, I would enforce
it against the Indian and the white man alike.
I tell you, rir, as 1 said to the House at the last
session, there is but one element that will con-
trol the savage, bo he an American Indian, an
African lloltentot, or au Asiatic Mongolian;
and that is, first, to he right with him, ami
secondly, make him fear you. Any other plan
than that will result as it has done tor a century
past, in absolute failure. Wo mav buy, as I
said, a tribe in the Northwest, and then buy a
tribe in the Southwest, aud keeptliem at peace
lor two or tiiree months, but the very first
wave of immigration that dashes upon their
shores breeds the same trouble, the same dii'l-
cuhy, the same murders and assassinations
that we have had repeated for two centuries in
America.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman tell
me whether he would stop immigration or first
extinguish the Indian?
Mr. GAKFIELDE, of Washington. No,
sir; I would do neither; but I would, in the
first place, be absolutely true to every promise
the Government makes to the Indians, and,
in the second place, I would make tho Indian
adhere to his part of the contract.
Mr. SAKGENT. The gentleman does not
say anything practical. My question is whether
he would stop immigration or sweep the Indians
out of the way?
Mr. GARFTELDE, of Washington. I say
emphatically, neither; but if you want my
idea of what our Indian policy should be, 1
would say that we should be just ; aud then,
instead ot giviug us six millions a year to keep
peace, I would spend that six millions in power
that would compel peace, and it would not be
two years, if that policy were adopted by tile
country, before you would have peace upon
our borders; but we have never, in the first
place, been just to the Indian, and wo have
never, in the second place, being just, forced
him to abide by ihat justice.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GAHFIBLDE, of Washington. I with-
draw the amendment.
