668
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Thurman.
42d Cong. ... 2d Sess.
well-matured but, in my humble judgment,
somewhat, erroneous production, the address
delivered by John Quincy Adams before the
New York Historical Society, he, in the most
distinct language that man could use, acknowl-
edged the right of secession. And what said
Mr. Lincoln on this subject? I read from his
celebrated speech, delivered in the House of
.Representatives January 12, 1848, and which,
as revised by bis own hand, you will find in
the Appendix to the Congressional Globe,
Thwtieth Congress, first session, volume nine-
teen, pages 93, 94, 95. I read from page 95:
"Any people anywhere, being inclined and having
the power, have the right to rise up and shake off
the existing government and form a new one that
suits them better. This is a most valuable, a most
sacred right—a right whioh we hope and believe is
to liberate the world. Nor is this right confined to
cases in which the whole people of an existing gov-
ernment may choose to exercise it. Any portion of
such people that can may revolutionize and make their
own o/ so much of the territory as they inhabit. More
than this, a majority of any portion of such people
may revolutionize, putting down a minority inter-
mingled with or near about them, who may oppose
their movements. Such minority was precisely the
case of the Tories of our own Revolution."
Now, I call upon the Senator from Indiana
to mention a word ever spoken, or line ever
written, by a northern Democrat t.hat was cal-
culated to give a hundredth part as much en-
couragement to the secessionists of the South
as were the utterances of Mr. Lincoln that I
have just read. Mark it, Mr. President, Mr.
Lincoln's remarks were not confined to the
case of Texas, which he discussed, or to any
particular time or revolution. In what he
said he laid down rules that he considered
applicable to all times, all countries, and all
circumstances. And by these rules he said,
in effect, to the southern people, in 1860 and
and 1801, ''If you are inclined and have the
power, you have Ait right to rise up and shake
off the existing Government and form a new
one that suits you better. This is a most val-
uable, a most sacred right. Any portion of
you lias this right, and, if there is a minority
among you who cling to the Union, you have
a right to put those unionists down." This
was what Mr. Lincoln said in substance to
the southern people, and when he became
President-elect of the United States these
opinions of his were circulated everywhere
in the South as proof that secession would
not be resisted by the North.
Next, sir, let us turn to what was said by
your predecessor in the chair you occupy—the
late President of the Senate and so-called act-
ing Vice President of the United States.
On February 23, 1855, Mr. Wade made a
memorable speech in the Senate, in which he
said:
" There are some Senators who profess a great
regard lor the rights of the States. I am one of
those who have quite as much regard for the rights
of the States as some who make louder professions
on the subject than I do. I am one of those who,
not only when an election is pending, but at all
times, believe in the wisdom, the constitutionality,
and the propriety of the Virginia resolutions of
17ys and 1799. I ground myself on those resolutions,
and, standing upon them, I denounce this bill as a
violation, not only of the spirit of those resolutions,
but as on attempt to trample upon the rights of the
States and deprive them of the power to protect
their own citizens from aggression and abuse. Do
gentlemen suppose that tho States, now awakened
to a keen sense of their rights and the danger of con-
solidation, will ev er submit to such a bill as this? I
tell you nay."—31 Congressional Globe. 213.
And again :
Who is to be the judge in the last resort of the
violation of the Constitution of the United States
by the enactment of a law? Who is the final
arbiter ? The General Government or the States in
their sovereignty? Why, sir, to yield that point is
to yield up all the rights of the States to protect
their own citizens, and to consolidate this Govern-
ment into a miserable despotism."—Idem, 214.
And again:
"I stated that this bill was intended to promote
and help the execution of the fugitive bill. The
Senator does not deny it. I said there were States
in this Union whose highest tribunals had adjudged
that bill to be unconstitutional, and that I was one
of those who believed it unconstitutional; that my
State believed it unconstitutional; and that under
the old resolutions of 1798 and 1799 a State must not
only be the fudge of that, but of the remedy in such a
case."—Idem, 215.
And again:
"I am no advocate for nullification; hut in the
nature of things, according to the true interpreta-
tion of our institutions, a State in the last resort,
crowded to the wall by the General Government
seeking by the strong arm of its power to take away
the rights of the State, is to judge of whether she
shall stand on her reserved rights. I differ with the
Senator from Illinois on the question whether this
be constitutional; but now I ask who is to be and
who ought to be the arbiter between the General
Government and a State ? Ho who contends that
the Federal Government in the last resort, under
complaints like these, is to determine in her courts
such questions is an enemy to that freedom which
was guarantied to us by the Constitution of the
United States as interpreted by the greatest states-
men who ever adorned the annals of this coun-
try."—Idem, 222.
Now, Mr. President, what secessionist ever
went further than did Mr. Wade in the remarks
I have quoted? Not one, sir. No, not one.
But Mr. Wade did not stop here. On
December 4, 1856, he delivered an elaborate
speech, from which I read as follows:
** Butsouthern gentlemen stand here, and in almost
all their speeches speak of the dissolution of the
Union as an element of every argument, as though
it were a peculiar condescension on their part that
they permitted the Union to stand at all. If they
do not feel interested in upholding this Union; if it
really trenches on their rights; it it endangers their
institutions to such an extent that they cannot feel
secure under it; if their interests are violently as-
sailed by means of this Union, I am not one of those
who expect that they will long continue under it; I
am not one of those who would ask them to con-
tinue in such a Union. It would be doing violence
to the platform of the party to which I belong. We
have adopted the old Declaration of Independence
as the basis of our political movements, which
declares that any people, when their Government
ceases to protect their rights, when it is so subverted
from the true purposes of government as to oppress
them, have the right to recur to fundamental prin-
ciples, and, if need be, to destroy the government
under which they live, and to erect on its ruins
another more conducive to their welfare. I hold
that they have this right. I will not blame any peo-
ple for exercising it whenever they think the contin-
gency has come. I certainly shall be the advocate
of that same doctrine whenever I find that the prin-
ciples of this Government have become so oppres-
sive to the section to which I belong that a free
people ought not longer to endure it. You will not
then find me backward in being the advocate of dis-
union ; but that contingency never having come, I
have never yet opened my mouth in opposition to
the Union; I have never entertained a thought dis-
loyal to the Union. But I say, for Heaven's sake,
act, not talk. I am tired of this eteraal din of
dissolution of the Union,' which is brought up on
all occasions, and thrust into our faces, as though
we of the North had some peculiar reason for main-
taining the Union that the southern States had not.
I hope the Union will continue forever. I believe
it may continue forever. I see nothing at present
which I think should dissolve it; but if other gen-
tlemen see it, I say again that they have the same
interest in maintaining this Union, in my judgment,
that we of the North have. If they think they have
not, be it so. You, cannot forcibly hold men in this
LTtxon; for the attempt to do so, it seems to me, would
subvert the first principles of the Government under
watch we live. —Congressional Globe, third session
lfotrty-fourth Congress, page 25.
Now, what has the Senator from Indiana to
say to that? He was eloquent in his denun-
ciation of Mr. Buchanan tor maintaining that
there is 110 constitutional right to coerce a
State as a State, and for warning Congress of
the consequences of tlie attempt to do so.
What has he to say to Mr. Wade, who went
much further, and said that—
" Tou cannot forcibly hold men in this Union; for
the attempt to do so, it seems to me, would subvert
the first principles of the Government under which
we live?
So much for Lincoln and Wade. Now let
us turn to General Scott, a steadfast opponent
of the Democratic party, and a man whose
patriotism I am sure no one will impeach.
What said General Scott in his celebrated let-
ter of October, 1860, to President Buchanan?
Listen to his words :
" But break this glorious Union by whatever line
or lines that political madness may contrive and
there would be no hope of reuniting the fragments
except by the laceration and despotism of the sword.
To effect such result the intestine wars of our Mex-
ican neighbors would, in comparison with ours,
sink into mere child's play. A smaller evil would be
to allow the fragments of the great Republic, to form
themselves into new confederacies, probably four.
And who has forgotten his famous saying,
"Wayward sisters, depart in peace ?"
Mr. President, in view of what I have read,
and what I might read of the sayings of
scores of prominent Republicans, it will not
do for the Senator from Indiana to talk about
northern Democrats encouraging the South to
secede. No, sir; whatever real encourage-
ment was given came not from Democrats
but from Republicans. I do not say this to
cast reproach upon any one. No doubt Mr.
Lincoln, Mr. Wade, General Scott, and scores
of other Republicans who spoke like them,
were quite sincere in what they said. But I
do affirm that the utterances Of men holding
the prominent positions they held must neces-
sarily have given far more encouragement to
the South to believe that she would be allowed
to secede in peace than anything that the
northern Democracy, in a minority and out
of power, could have said.
But, sir, there is a single consideration that
of itself is decisive of this question, and that
is, that it cannot be supposed that the Demo-
cratic party of the North was blind to or re-
gardless of its own interests. Pray, sir, which
party at the North was most interested in
keeping the South in the Union? With which
party did the South vote? Was it not the
Democratic party? In the election of 1860
did not that party lose almost every northern
State and carry every southern one? And can
it be pretended that this party, which, if the
South_ seceded, would be left in a hopeless
minority m the North, encouraged its friends,
its allies, its chief strength, to leave the Union
and leave it at the mercy of its opponents, the
Radicals ? Who can believe such a thing as
that? Why, sir, it is simply absurd. Every
instinct, every interest, every aspiration,
whether selfish or patriotic, led every north-
ern Democrat to discourage the secession of
the South. And they did discourage it by
every means within their power. All that
argument, remonstrance, expostulation, en-
treaty, addressed to both North and South,
could do, was done by them. With as earnest
and patriotic a zeal as ever filled the breast of
man they strove to allay the coming storm,
avert civil war, and preserve the union of the
States. So much for the charge of the Senator
from Indiana that the northern Democracy
encouraged the South to secede.
But the Senator, coming down to post helium
times, makes a new charge against the Demo-
cratic party. He says that the troubles at the
South have been occasioned by false advice :
that the Democrats of the North have misled
the people of the South and misled them to
their great injury; that if the southerners had
only taken bis advice all would have been
well. I will show presently what his advice
was, and I will show that they did take it,
more than they ever took mine or that of any
Democrat on this floor. They did take his
ad J10i' an<i they were Pnnisllefi for taking it;
and the man whose measures he then sup-
ported, whose measures he then recommended
Wfis dragged before the bar of
this Senate on articles of impeachment, and
but for the firmness of a few Republican Sen-
ators would have been dragged out of the
presidential chair, and that because the peo-
ple of the South did take the advice, not of
the Democrats, but of the Senator from Indi-
ana and the President whom he supported.
Now, let us see about this. He says that the
South ought to have taken the advice of the Re-
publicans and submitted to everything. Why,
they did submit more fully than any high-spir-
ited people ever before submitted. There
