2512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
able and virtqpus resolutions in our platforms
to delude and catch the votes of tie honest
and simple-minded and unsuspicious people,
while any actual reform, or even any attempted
reform, is as far away as ever?
With a view of getting some kind of an
answer to these questions, I am pressing this
bill for action at the present session of Con-
gress. Reform has rested only in the vague
generalities of resolutions and good determina-
tions long enough. It has been used as a fair
pretense quite as long as sucli a pretense can
mislead intelligent men. Those who mean
reform when they say reform, have reached a
point where they believe it" is desirable to
ascertain who is willing to act as well as to
talk in favor of it. Happily wo have a Presi-
dent—with whom more than with all others
rests for the present the power of advancing
reform—who has announced in unmistakable
language his purpose of giving a carefully
prepared scheme, which has been submitted
to his judgment, and which he has unreserv-
edly approved m its general scope, "a fair
trial."
I will not stop to consider whether his
adherence thus far to this determination has
quite equaled our expectations. If he has
come short of what we hoped, I am charitable
enough lo believe that the fault is infinitely
less his than that of the Congress which ought
to have given him an encouraging response
long before this, and of some self appointed
leaders of the Republican party who, while
eulogizing General G rant,have nearly stx-angled
the measure which he so cordially and fully
indorsed. 1 believe the President, if let alone,
will give civil service reform a fair trial; and
as I am most heartily in favor of allowing the
experiment to be tried, 1 am in favor of such
legislation as will at least prohibit members
of Congress from interfering with what is not
only the pleasure but the right of the Exec-
utive to make appointments to and removals
from the civil service in his own way.
Mr. Speaker, at the commencement of this
debate 1 shall present some general consider-
ations touching the question of civil service
reform. I am, as I have been for a long time,
satislied that the objections to the bill which I
had the honor to offer for the consideration of
the House, as well as the objections to every
measure looking to any essential modification
of the present system of making appointments
in the civil service, spring mainly from hos-
tility to any change in the present vicious
practice of allowing partisau considerations,
favoritism, and political inllueuce to control
the appointment and employment of persons
in the service of the Government. This is the
inspiration of nearly all the criticism which
those who advocate some change have to
encounter.
The late rebellion was nominally a defense
of liberty, but really a defense of slavery ; and
until this truth was recognized the issue was
not squarely made or the battles squarely
fought. When this truth was confessed—'and it
was recognized by the people long before it
was by the politicians—the battle went for-
ward to victory. Men knew what they were
lighting for, and took sides accordingly. And
in the snuggles for a reform in the civil ser-
vice the real objection has been until recently
kept our of sigh!, and the defenders of the
present methods have piofessed to have at
heart only a devotion to the Constit.ution and
the inalienable lights of the people to hold
office.
The proposed reform has, however, already
served one good purpose; it has disclosed the
real hostility to any essential improvement of ;
the civil service of the country. While the j
friends of reform were compelled to work J
through public opinion and the forms ot'legis }
lation alone, public opinion could be p-irtially |
quieted by specious constitutional objections i
and popular denunciation of aristocracies and |
monopolies; while Mr. Jenckes and bis few
coworkers in Congress were allowed to make
speeches which were seldom answered, and
to perfect bills which were always recom-
mitted or sent to the table with a contempt-
uous indifference that generally characterizes
a confident majority. Hut when the President
unmistakably announced his purpose to intro-
duce a reform far more sweeping and far-reach-
ing than Mr. Jenckes's bill contemplated, the
business began to look serious. The constitu-
tional difficulty was obviated. The President
was known to be persistent. He seldom sur-
renders a position. He asked Congress for all
the strength it could give him in the fair trial
which he announced the measure should have.
The friends of reform took new courage. In
the suddenness of this attack from an unex-
pected quarter, the opponents of any change
at once avowed the opinion that such a meas-
ure actually put in practice would accomplish
the defeat of the Republican party. This, in
other words, is an assertion that the success
of the Republican party is only to be secured
by a judicious use of' patronage. In plain lan-
guage, it means that the party is kept together
by the "cohesive force of public plunder."
We are told that the Republican party can-
not carry the elections in close States unless
the active and influential politicians can have
a share of ''the spoils" as a reward for their
activity and influence. Well, Mr. Speaker, to
those of my political associates who honestly
believe this confession—a confession as humil-
iating to the party, as discreditable to the peo-
ple, as fatal to any hope of the success of repub-
lican institutions as can well be imagined—it is
perhaps useless to address an argument, as they
doubtless believe the success of the Republican
party, even by disreputable means, would pre-
ventgreater calamities to thecountry. To those
who make this objection to the measure, but
who do not believe it, being actuated simply
by love of " the spoils," anil who can see no
good to cotne from a Republican success that
does not give active politicians access to the
Treasury of the United States, or the pockets
of the people, it would, of course, be idle to
address an argument, for they know just what
they are fighting their political battles for, and
mean to get it.
If, however, converts cannot be made here
by discussion they may be elsewhere, and a
debate cannot be fruitless of good which shall
draw the attention of intelligent people to the
real questions at issue in the discussion. Be-
lieving, as 1 do believe, that the actual peril to
the Republican party, as well as to republican
institutions, lies in a rejection, as the safety of
the party and of the country lies in the accept-
ance of this or some other kindred measure
of reform, as 1 love Republicanism in its purity
and nobility of ideas and purposes, and as I
love my country and desire that it may reach
the grand achievements in the development of
man as a rational being, which lie before it as
the brilliant possibilities of its future, I can-
not refuse to contribute my heartiest efforts in
aid of this cause.
Is reform needed?
In a general way this question is answered
in the affirmative by every one. Those who
boast that our civil service is the best in the
world admit at the same time that it can be
improved. I suspect, however, there is a rad-
ical and vital difference to be found, some-
times even among the real friends of reform,
not alone as to the reform needed, but as to
the evil which is to be remedied.
I do not rest my belief of the necessity of
some reform in the civil service alone upon
any array of defaulting and swindling officials ;
upon any parade of figures showing the grand
aggregate of the money wrongfully taken from
imiividualb under color of collections for pub-
lic use, and fraudulently and feloniously put
into private pockets; upon any list of schemes
pressed in Congress and State Legislatures
which, under pretense of the public good, pour
into the coffers of rich corporations and into
the private hoards of unscrupulous men, the
wealth wrung at last from those who can ill
afford to contribute of their scanty substance
to gild the palaces of the rich, and swell the
revenues and the power of the strong.
It is true we can multiply these statistics
almost without limit. But they are only the
surface symptoms of a disease which will ap.-
pear in one form or another until it is radi-
cally cured. They are the branches of a tree
deadly in its influences, and we can spend our
time more profitably than in lopping off its
branches by striking at its roots. There
may be corrupt and dishonest officials in any
administration of government. No test or
vigilance can give the people absolute protec-
tion against thieves in public places, any more
than laws and police can secure our property
from the vulgar thief who steals our pocket-
book or robs our dwelling. But what would
be thought of the community which should
be content with its laws against stealing, and
such execution of them as was possible through
the courts, and never teach in its schools and
its churches that such human enactments were
only in aid of the divine law of justice which
ought to be in the heart of every man? The
evil is not merely in administration. It is not
alone that here and there our method of
administering government gives us an incom-
petent or a dishonest official; it is that this sys-
tem is at war with every principle of free gov-
ernment, and if not torn up by the roots and
utterly destroyed, will destroy the Government
itself.
In the constitution of my StatS is the follow-
ing proposition:
"That frequent recurrence to fundamental prin-
ciples, and a lirtn adherence to justice, moderation,
temperance, industry, and frugality are absolutely
necessary to preserve the blessings of liberty and
keep Government free."
One of these "fundamental principles"
embodied in the same constitution is thus
expressed :
" That a Government is, or ought to be, instituted
for the common benefit, protection, and security of
the people, nation, or community, and not for the
particular emolument or advantage of any single
man, family, or set of men, who are part only,of that
community."
This admirable statement of purposes for
which government ought to exist, and for
which it only has a right to exist, will hardly
be called in question as the true fundamental
principle of our national Government. And
if Governments cannot rightfully exist for
other purposes than "the common benefit,
protection, and security of the people," can
a party honestly or rightfully seek control
of the Government for any other purpose, or,
having possession of the Government, can it
rightfully use that possession except for the
public good, "the common benefit" of the
whole people ? Government is not the posses-
sion of any man or set of men. And it is no
more the Government of a " set of men"
because that "set of men" choose to call
themselves a party, or to form a ring inside
a party and insist that the Government is the
possession of the inner ring, than it is the
possession of one man who is an hereditary
and absolute despot ; or the possession of an
aristocracy who take to themselves the profits
and the emoluments of the offices and conduct
the Government for their individual advantage ;
or the possession of a race who shall announce
that this or anyotherisa white man's Govern-
ment. I have been educated to believe that the
United States belongs to no party, to no race,
to no set of men. It is not the property of the
Republicans; it is not the property of the
Democrats ; it is the Government of the peo-
ple ; to be honestly administered by whatever
men may officially have control of it, in order
that justice may be established, domestic tran-
quillity insured, the common defense provided
for, the general welfare promoted, and the
blessings of liberty secured to ourselves and
our posterity.
It is because I believe that a vastly greater
