.4304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
having withdrawn the bill, I will uot add any-
thing farther.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
■will be passed over.
Mr. CONKLING. Before this bill is passed
over, I wish there could be some understand-
ing by which it does not go without day; and
I will give my reason.
The other day there came to my house two
persons neither of whom I had ever seen before
as I supposed; a man and his wife. The man
said, "You do not remember me?" I said "No."
He said, " I used to come to see you very
often with General Frfimont." I looked at
him closely, and then recognized the man who
had been Major Haskell, and I think from all
■ware there came out no man, with enough
of him remaining to hold his soul, more thor-
oughly shattered, more lamentably injured
than this gentleman, Major Haskell. I could
scarcely credit my eyes. He then proceeded
to tell me his story and left with me a printed
statement, not very long, giving the facts m
the case ; and, as they are stated, although I
do not pretend to take issue with my friend
from Ohio, certainly the case is one which,
whether considered as it addresses itself to
oar sense of justice or our sense of humanity,
requires consideration, which ought not to be
turned off on a mere suggestion. Certainly it
seems to me there is something due to this
claimant,. Certainly it is a case of hardship,
and a case of hardship which the law strictly
would remedy as I understand, and I believe
the Senator from Ohio does not take a differ-
ent, view.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that
these people ought to be paid the value of
their improvements which were appropriated
by the Government of tho United States, and
the bill ought to bo framed on that basis.
Mr. CONKLING. Itakeie aveof the. Senate
on this question. 1 do not wish to occupy one
moment by making an appeal for enough con-
sideration to find out how much they should
be paid, because no one can look in that man's
face who saw him before the war and not
know that he has a higher claim upon us than
a m«ro question of right, I f right is on his side,
his need is so urgent that time is important lo
him; and 1 hope the Semite will pause one
moment at least for the sake of finding out
what is due, to tho end lliat he may not go
to some postponement as fatal to him as an
ultimate denial.
Air. STEWART. The bill can be taken up
again this evening, after a few minutes, if tho
Senator from Massachusetts will let me have
u vote on the railroad bill.
Mr. WILSON. I want about ten or fifteen
minutes more.
Mr. STEWART. Shall 1 have time after-
ward ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. This bill lies aside in-
formally, I understand.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well.
NATIONAL CKMKTKRIKS.
Mr. WILSON. I move now to take up
House bill No. 1272.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. U. No. 1272) to amend
an act entitled "An act to establish and to pro-
tect national cemeteries," approved February
22, 1867. It proposes to amend section one
of an act entitled "An act to establish and to
protect national cemeteries," approved Feb-
ruary 22, 1867, so as to read:
The Secretary of War shall .cause each grave to
be marked with a small head-stone, with the name
or the soldier and tho name of bis Suite inscribed
thereon, when the same are known, in addition to
the number required to be inscribed by said section ■
and he snail, within ninety days from the parage
ot this act, advertise tor seated proposals"*)! bids tor
the making arid erection of such head-stones, which
advertisement* shall bo made for sixty days succes-
sively in at lea t twenty newspapers of general cir-
culation io the United (States, and shall call for hiiia
for the doing of said work, in whole or in part; and
upon the opening of such bids, the Secretary of
Warshall, without delay, award the contracts for
said work to the lowest responsible bidder or bid-
ders, m whole or in part; and said bidders shall
give hond to his satisfaction for the faithful com-
pletion of the work.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
HARRIET TV. POND.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 1161.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 1161) for the relief of Harriet W. Poud,
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The bill, in con-
sideration of injuries received during the war
of the rebellion, provides for the payment of
$1,000 to Mrs. Harriet W. Pond.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
DISTRICT STRNET RAILROADS.
Mr. STEWART. Now I want a vote on the
other bill.
Mr. CONKLING. With the understanding
that nothing is to supersede the bill just laid
aside informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not agree to that
understanding, if this railroad bill is to be
taken up.
Mr. Sl'EWrART. This is the regular order,
and I have a right to call for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada demands the regular order,
which is the hill (II. R. No. 2247) giving the
approval and sanction of Congress to the
termini mid route of the Anacostm and Poto-
mac river railroad, and to regulate its con-
struction and operation. The pending ques
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to offer
an amendment to that amendment. Where
it reads " along First street to Pennsylvania
avenue," I move to insert "to the north line
nf Pennsylvania avenue," instead of "to
Pennsylvania avenue."
Mr. STEWART. Very well; let that be
added.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. * I now move
to insert an additional section.
Mr. STEWART. Let that come in after
my amendment is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada as amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of'Vermont. Let itbc read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment which
was to insert after the third section of the bill,
the following:
Sno., 1. That tho sanction and approval of Con-
gress is hereby given to the construction of a street
railroad from tho northern boundary line of George-
town, through High street to Fayette street; aloug
said street to Second and Third streets, and along
said streets to High street, West street, and Beatl
street; along Montgomery, Be.ill, and West streets,
all in said Georgetown, to and over tile bridge at I'
street, in the city of Washington ; along P street to
New Jersey avuuue; aloug said avenue to First
street west; along First street to tho north lino of
Pennsylvania avenue ; also along Connecticut ave-
nue from P street to L street; along b street to
Tenth street west; along s.ud street to 1 street
north ; along said street to Sixth street west; along
said stioot to the north line ot Pennsylvania avonuo,
by the incorporators named in the act of incorpora-
tion by the Legislative Assembly of the District of
Columbia ot tne Uuiou ltailroud Company: Pro-
vided, That a majority of said incorporators shall
within twenty days from the passage of this act
organize under tile general incorporation law
approved May 5, 3870.
Sko. 5. That the sanction and approval of Congress
is hercbv given to the eonstiuction of a street rail-
road from the northern boundary of the District of
Columbia, where the sameis intersected by the road
generally known as the Seventh street road, along
and upon the said road to Boundary street, Wash-
ington city, thence wostwardly toNmth street west,
in said Washington city; thence south upon said
Ninth street to B street north; thence east along
saidB street north to Sixth street west; theuoe along
said Sixth street west to Missouri avenue; thence
along said Missouri avenue to Four-and-a-half
street west, by the incorporators named in the act
of incorporation by the Legislative Assembly of the
District of Columbia, ot the Boundary and Silver
Spring Railroad Company ; Provided, A majority of
said incorporators shall within twenty days from the
passage of this act organize under the goneral in-
corporation law, approved May  , 1870: Audvrovided
further, That the Metropolitan Kailroad Company
of Washington, District of Columbia, may use that
portion of said road lying in the eity of Washington
upon such terms as may be agreed upon.
Sue. 6. That the restrictions, limitations, and re-
quirements contained in the proviso of the first sec-
tion and in the second and third sections of this
act, shall apply to the said roads authorized by the
two preceding sections, except that the company
authorized in the filth section of this act mayehargo
a rate ot fare not exceeding five conts a passenger
for transportation from Boundary street to Rock
Creek ohurch road, ten cents to Brightwood, and
fifteen cents to the boundary of the District: Pro-
vided, That all railroads are hereby prohibited on tho
I street and K street fronts of Farragut, Seott, and
Franklin squares; and no further street railroads
shall bo laid down in the city of Washington with-
out tho consent of Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to oppose this measure, and shall not
do so; but it is a gigantic affair and incorpor-
ates more roads I think than now exists in
the city, and therefore it ought to be properly
guarded. I perceive that in this new amend-
ment as proposed, a large part of the first
section which undertook to guard the thing is
left out. After the words " along said street
to the north line of Pennsylvania avenue," as
the amendment was introduced originally, it
went on to say:
Said road to be a single or double track, laid in
the most approved manner, with fiat rail, laid upon
an evon surface with the pavement of the streets,
subject to the approval of the Secretary of tho Inte-
rior and the lioard of Public Works of the District
of Columbia, and said company shall place first-class
cars (to be drawn by horse-power) with all modern
iinpiuvenienta for the convenience and coniiort of
passengers, the rate of faro for each passenger not
to exceed five cents. The capital stock of said com-
pany may be increased to an amount not exceeding
$300,000.
Now there is no limit whatever, and all
these provisions are left out. I move to in-
sert these provisioua after the words " Penn-
sylvania avenue," in the first section.
Mr. SHERMAN. While Senators are ex-
amining the papers, I will say that I have
looked at this proposition enough to know
that what the Senator from Vermont says is
true. This is an enormous affair as now pre-
sented in manuscript at this hour of the night.
1 trust Senators will pause. This provides
for several railroads, and among others a new
one that I never heard of before, starting some-
where on Seventh street, the beginning not
very well defined, going north to the boundary
of the District; thence to Ninth street; thence
on Ninth street down across the south side of
Pennsylvania avenne by the market-house;
thence along B street to Sixth street ; thence
along the front of the new depot on B street
near the south side of Pennsylvania avenue;
thence along B street north to Sixth street
west; thence along Sixth street west to Mis-
souri avenue ; along Missouri avenue to Four-
and-a-half street, &c. That crosses Pennsyl-
vania avenue.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I have an
amendment to meet that, providing that it
shall not go beyond the north line of Pennsyl-
vania avenue. I, with the Senator from Ohio,
most decidedly object, to making a gridiron of
Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Have any
of these propositions been submitted to the
Committee on the District of Columbia?
Mr. SHERMAN. This road is about ten
miles long. It goes from Seventh street to
the northern boundary of the District ; thence
around to Ninth street; thence on Ninth street
clear down to Pennsylvania avenue, a distance
of not less than six miles, and there is no limit
as to the time when it shall be made or the
mode in which it shall be made. I trust Sen-
ators will have some respect for the rights of
the people of this District. I could not under-
stand this until I read it at the desk.
