1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing this, there will be an aggregate of $206,-
928,541 74 on hand June 30, 1873. I ask the
attention of the* committee to a table prepared
by me of the receipts and disbursements accord-
ing to these figures:
Receipts and disbursements for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1872.
Receipts.
Actual receipts from all sources, 'as per official
statement, for the eight months ended March 1,
187 2 $250,509,888 59
Balance of year at same ratio  125,254,944 29
Total receipts for present fiscal year, 375,764,832 88
[Probable increase for the next fiscal
year.]
Expenditures.
Estimated expenditures as per Sec-
retary's report to the 30th of June,
187 3 $301,705,036 99
Less deducted from river
and harbor estimates, 8,000,000 00
  293,705,030 99
Balance  82,059,795 89
In the Treasury March 1,1872, in coin
and currency 124,868,745 85
5206,928,541 74
Now, in my opinion, we can take the duty
off tea and coffee, $19,292,093 ; off salt and
coal, amounting to $1,709,845; off iron and
manufactures ofiron,amoantingto $13,766,121;
the income tax amounting to $12,000,000; in
all, $46,768,059, and still have in the Treas-
ury, after paying all necessary appropriations,
one hundred and sixty-odd million dollars.
We can thus relieve the great body of the pro-
ducing classes of the country of the heavy
burdens now imposed upon them and have
more left in the Treasury than we should have
under.a sound financial policy. Certainly
gentlemen should not be deterred by this state
of things from relieving the people of undue
imposts.
We can appropriate all required to sustain
the public credit, to pay pensions, to defray
the expenses of the Government, and liquidate
something of the public debt. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] desires to
curtail the expenses of the Government. I
am with him in this ; but let him avoid these
large subsidies and grants of money asked for.
But when he attempts to lecture the House
because, as was its right, it deducted from the
tariff the $19,000,000 collected from tea and
coffee, I say we have a right to judge what it
is proper to deduct from the tariff without
reference to any report from the Committee
of Ways and'Means. I say that we can make
this deduction and still have all the revenue
we require to conduct the Government on an
economical basis, leaving a large surplus in
the Treasury.
When the tariff is properly before the House
I shall discuss the question of reduction. 1
think I can fully sustain my vote in favor of
placing tea and coffee on the free list, not only
on a strictly revenue ground, but also as what
it is right and proper to do under the circum-
stances, and that in that reduction we do not,
as argued, necessarily justify the retention of
high protective duties on iron, steel, wool,
woolens, or other articles of popular consump-
tion. We shall have a large surplus after
losing any revenue which may be taken by
those reductions.
Mr. DAWES. I am sorry the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] took as a lecture
the remarks which I made on Friday last. If
I ever offered any remarks here in the entire
absence of any disposition to lecture anybody
for anything he had done which I thought he
ought not to have done, and of which I did
not take my full share and responsibility, it
was on that day.
I stated then that my object was to show
that if we carried out what all of us seemed to
desire, a reduction of taxation, we must re-
duce our expenditures, or at least hold them
down to where they are. As the gentleman
from New York has not controverted a single
42d Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 102.
item of expenditures enumerated by me in the
remarks 1 then made, it is not necessary for
me to reply on that point. I concluded my
remarks the other day upon items of expendi-
ture, which the gentleman does not controvert,
with this statement:
"If, therefore, we do not receive revenue from a
great and unexpected increase of imports beyond
the estimate of their increase by the Secretary of
the Treasury, or from some other now unprovided
source, and if our expenditures are not brought
down below the figures here stated, we shall be
obliged to borrow nearly eleven million dollars to
pay to the sinking fund, without one dollar going
toward the principal of the public debt."
Not one word of that statement, either in
letter or in spirit, has the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] coutioverted by what he
has said here to-day. He has given the le-
ceipts for the last six months, ending on the
1st day of January. In my remarks I said
that every gentleman would be at liberty,
according to his own sanguine expectation,
to put the increase of receipts above the fig-
ures given by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and to put it at just such figures as he pleased.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
has improved upon the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] by more than one hun-
dred million dollars, i asked the House, how-
ever, to consider whether it was exactly wise
for us to go on with extraordinary expendi-
tures with no other resource to meet them
except an unexpected increase in the public
revenues.
Now, I will take'the first six months of this
year, not of next year, but the first six months'
receipts of this year into the Treasury of the
United States, without deducting therefrom
anything that ultimately must be deducted
for all the drawbacks that come out of the
Treasury upon goods that are imported into
this country for exportation, and all that.
Take the whole of that, and multiply it by
two, and you will have about $368,000,000,
against the Secretary's estimate in his book of
$359,000,000. He estimates for $359,000,000
of revenue. Now, taking as a basis for the
year's receipts the amount actually received
into the Treasury for the first six months of
the present fiscal year, without allowing any-
thing for drawbacks and all that, and you will
have in excess of the Secretary's estimates
the difference between $359,000,000 and $368,-
000,000, or some $9,000,000. How much of
that will be taken for drawbacks, &c., I can-
not tell. Whether the receipts for the next
six months will equal those of the last six
months my distinguished friend from New
York [Mr. Wood] cannot tell.
All I desire of this House is this: if mem-
bers want, what I suppose every gentleman
here as well as every man in the country de-
sires, a reduction in internal taxes, in duties
upon imports, and in burdens of every kind,
then it will be absolutely necessary for us to
adhere to the most rigid economy m the pub-
lic expenditures. 1 tlimk the estimate of the
Secretary of the Treasury, that the receipts of
this year will exceed the receipts of last year
by $12,000,000, is too low an estimate; 1 hope
it is ; I have great expectations of benefit to be
derived from a revival of commerce, resulting
from relief from taxation. But I again repeat,
is it wise for us to go on With extraordinary
expenditures, with no hope in the world of
being able to meet them except our own ex-
pectations of an increase in the public revenue?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. One word in reply to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] I
must remind him that the official estimates of
the Secretary of the Treasury, which I have
presented him, are of a later period than the
first six months of the present fiscal year;
they come down to the first day of the present
month of March.
Mr. DAWKS. The gentleman presented
estimates of what was actually received in the
Treasury for the first six months of the pres-
ent fiscal year, and what had been reported for
the next two months thereafter, without any
allowance for drawbacks, &a. I took the
actual receipts for the first six months an?
multiplied the amount by two, and I find that
the estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury
for the year is only $9,000,000 short of twice
the amount which was brought into the Treas-
ury for those first six months.
Mr. WOOD. I would remind the gentle-
man that of this amount $146,000,000 has
been paid in coin. That coin at the minimum
premium would yield $14,000,000 to the Gov-
ernment if turned into currency.
Mr. DAWES. Then we are going into ex-
penditures trusting to the premium on gold'..
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must arrest
this discussion, as it is irrelevant to the pend-
ing amendment.
Mr. DAWB3. I think the gentleman from
New York had better adhere to economy.
Mr. WOOD. I propose to adhere to the
statement of the Secretary of the Treasury. I
withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For mail depredations and special sEgents, 8130,000.
Mr. PALMER. On behalf of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, I move to amend by
adding after the paragraph just read " and for
ten additional special agents at rates of com-
pensation now provided bylaw, $26,950."
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to hear some
explanation of this increase.
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, the reason
for this proposed amendment, which has been
authorized by the committee after a careful
examination of the facts, is that the number
of special agents is far less than the necessi-
ties of the Department require. The gentle-
man who has charge more especially of this
branch of the Department came before the
Committee on Appropriations and represented
the facts in the case. There are in all some
fifty-five special agents of the Post Office De-
partment. One of them acts as superintend-
ent of the railway transportation of the coun-
try. He has six assistants, who have an
slmount of work to perform which they cannot
perform well with the territory that is now
within their several divisions. For instance,
one man, as assistant superintendent"of trans-
portation, has charge of all the New England
States. Another has charge of the States of
New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Dela-
ware, and Maryland; another of Virginia,
West Virginia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Georgia, FioriJa, Alabama, and Missis-
sippi ; another of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
the northeastern States.
In order that there may be efficiency in the
service, the amount of territory over which
these special agents have jurisdiction mast
necessarily be limited, and for this purpose
there must be an increase of force. There are
forty-two special agents delegated to attend
to the business of depredations upon the mails.
There are gentlemen upon this floor (and one
whom I have now in my eye has been in this
business practically) who know how large a
saving to the Department there is by having
an efficient force to overlook this kind of busi-
ness. Many men holding positions as post-
masters are guilty of irregularities through
ignorance; and a proper supervision of this
branch of business by a careful special agent
may save not only the Government from loss,
but the individual officers from the inadvertent
or ignorant violation of law. It is for this
reason that the committee have approved the
employment of these ten additional special
agents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PALMER. On behalf of the commit-
tee, I move to insert as an additional para-
graph "for chief of division for the office of
mail depredations, $2,500."
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this an office now exist-
ing?
Mr. PALMER. I will explain to the gen-
