1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3409
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
marshall 0. roberts.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the same committee,
also reported back a bill (H. R. No. 1396) for
the relief of Marshall 0. Roberts, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Marshall 0.
Roberts, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $7,075,
the same being money paid by said Roberts
into the Treasury of the United States for real
estate purchased by him at Government sale,
the title to said real estate having failed.
Mr. HOAR. I raise the point of order that
this bill contains an appropriation and must
have its first consideration in the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is a special appropria-
tion of a specific fund paid into the Treasury
of the United States by the petitioner, Mar-
shall 0. Roberts, in purchase of property
sold by the United States, the title to which
has failed by judicial proceedings. The return
from the Treasury Department is that the pre-
cise amount of money provided in this bill
has been paid by the petitioner into the Treas-
ury, and it strikes me, from a sense of justice
and equity which I know has weight with my
friend from Massachusetts, it might be well
enough to waive that point of order. I respect-
fully refer it to my friend.
Mr. HO AR. I am satisfied the distinguished
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
will persuade the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar when he gets
before that committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of oider, and the bill therefore goes to
the Committee of the Whole House.
washington national monument society.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the same committee,
also reported back abill (H. R. No. 1000) to
amend an act entitled " An act to incorporate
the Washington National Monument Society,"
with amendments.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that there shall be elected annually,
on the second Tuesday of March in each year,
from members of said corporation, a board
of directors consisting of five in number, in
addition to the secretary'and the treasurer,
who shall also be directors, whose duty it shall
be to take a general supervision of all the in-
terests of the society, the work to be done,
materials furnished, &c., and all contracts for
work and materials, and approve or reject the
same, as to them may seem just and proper.
The second section provides that any per-
son who shall hereafter pay to said corpora-
tion the sum of five dollars for the purposes
named in the charter shall receive from the
secretary thereof a receipt for the same, and
shall be eligible to hold any office in said
corporation save that of president, and shall
be entitled to vote on all questions, including
the election of officers, and shall be entitled to
e"joy all the rights and privileges granted to
the original corporators of said corporation.
The following amendments were reported
by the committee:
Add as a new section the following:
oec. 3. And the said board of directors and officers
spall report annually, on or before the 1st day of
January, to Congress the whole amount of money
received for said purpose, and a full account of the
expenditure thereof.
After the word "members," in line four, section
one, insert the following: "of the Washington
■National Monument Society."
Mr. HOAR,
printed ?
I desire to know if this bill is
The SPEAKER. It is.
The amendments reported by the committee
were agreed to.
Mr. HALE. As we cannot find this bill
upon our files, I should like the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] to make some
explanation in regard to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is simply a bill to
incorporate the National Washington Monu-
ment Association, and to require them to
report annually the amounts that may be con-
tributed from time to time by the people, and
the appropriation of the same. That is about
the amount of it.
Mt\ HALE. Will the gentleman inform
the House what is the present condition of the
association which now has the Washington
monument in charge, and also whether this bill
makes any change in the law?
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill contemplates
this change : that under the authority of law
the people of the United States shall be noti-
fied of the amount of money which this cor-
poration receives and the use they make of it
in the completion of the monument. I have
not looked beyond that to inquire what change
it makes. My own impresssion is that there
is no corporation now existing.
Mr. HALE. Does the bill create a new
corporation?
_ Mr. BINGHAM. It does, and the corpora-
tion H creates I suppose will be the only
existing corporation after the bill shall hatfe
_ Mr. HALE. I understand that there is some
kind of an association now in existence.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that it is
an association which is not required to report
to anybody. This bill, as 1 have stated, re-
quires the corporation to report annually to
Congress a detailed statement of the money
they receive and the use they make of it.
Mr. HALE. In whom is the title now?
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot answer the gen-
tleman anything further about it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. If there is any gentleman on
the committee who does know something about
it 1 should like to receive some further explan-
ations.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Years
ago, as is well known, a volunteer association
of gentlemen got up a grant of land from one
of the public reservations to build a monu-
ment to Washington, and they collected money
and monumental stones from the various States
and benevolent associations and built the mon-
ument so far as we now see it. The sudden
burst of patriotism which started the matter
went out and the monument came to a stand-
still. It is now proposed to revivify the work,
but there is no organization that can carry it on.
They have therefore asked that they may be
organized under the laws of the United States,
and made responsible to Congress, being re-
quired to report to Congress, and they are
asking Congress to aid them in building the
monument.
The ground on which they put their call
for aid is that in 1799, the year of Washing-
ton's death, there was a resolution passed
through Congress to build the monument for
him, and fixing a very considerable sum of
money—I forget now exactly how much. That
money never has been appropriated; but the
resolution stands now as it stood ever since
the year of his death.
Now, this association proposes to become
incorporated, and become responsible to Con-
gress; and then, when there are responsible
hands into which to put the money, they pro-
pose to ask Congress to appropriate money
enough to finish the monument; and there
will then be an organization by which it can be
finished. That is the position of the matter.
I would ask that for the information of the
House the bill, as amended, be again reported.
The bill was again read.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
civil, bo., appropriation act of 1841.
Mr. BINGHAM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2773) to amend
section five of an act entitled " An act making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year 1841,''
approved March 3, 1841, and to authorize the
proper construction thereof; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the pro-
visions of the fifth section of the act entitled
"An act making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year 1841," approved March 3, 1841,
which established and limited the compensa-
tion of collectors of customs, shall be amend-
ed and shall be construed to apply to all sur-
veyors of customs ports performing or having
performed the duties of collector of customs,
who shall be entitled to receive the same com-
pensation as is allowed to collectors by the
said act for like serviced, provided that the
fees, commissions, and emoluments prescribed
by law and collected by them shall amount to
such maximum allowance.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I hope I may be allowed
to enter a motion to commit this bill to the
Committee of Ways and Means. It seems to
me that this is a matter of legislation which
more appropriately belongs to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentlerpan
will not press that motion when he eomes to
consider this is a question merely of construc-
tion of existing law upon which the judiciary
has already put a construction. The Treasury
Department have hitherto construed the law,
in the judgment of the'eommittee, erroneously,
and the report of the committee sustains ex-
actly the conclusions of the committee. I ask
that the report be road.
The report was read, as follows :
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referrod tile memorial of R. 11. Stephenson, sur-
veyor of the port of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying an
amendment declaratory of tho true construction of
the fifth section oi an act passed March 3, 1841, reg-
ulating the compensation ol' surveyors of customs,
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses ol tho (Jovernment
for tho year 1811," having considered the same,
report:
That tho eighth section of an act passed March 3,
1857, entitled "An act making appropriations for
certain civil expenses of tho Government for the
year ending June 30, 1858, (see 11 Statutes-at-Large,
page 22'J,) provides that section five of the act of
1841, " which established and limited the compensa-
tion of collectors of customs, shall be construed to
apply to surveyors performing or having performed
the duties of collector of the customs, who shall be
entitled to thesame compensation as is allowed to
collectors for like services in the settlement of their
accounts."
This language, plainly, would seem to apply to all
" surveyors performing, or having performed, tho
duties of collector of the customs," and to have the
force of giving to them "tho same compensation
for like services " as is allowed to collectors, and
which would seem to be manifestly just.
The construction of this section, however, and
the allowances made under it by the accounting
officers of the Treasury Department have hitherto
been limited as applicable only to the surveyors of
the principal ports of Boston, New York, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore. Charleston, Savannah and New
Orleans, under the ninth section of the customs act
of 1822.
Other surveyors, including those of the large inte-
rior ports of Cincinnati, Louisville,St. Louis,Chicago
and Detroit, have been excluded Irom its benefits by
reasonofthis construction of the law. These are
ports of extensive importation andcommerce. where
the duties and responsibilities of the customs olli-
cers are equally laborious and important. They
discharge tho duties of surveyor, collector, and of
(Government depositary for their ports respectively.
The attention of the committee has been called to
the fact that in a litigation involving, the construc-
tion of this section, in the southern district of Ohio,
in 1866, United States vs. McLean, surveyor, tho
42d Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 214.
