3410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
circuit court held that the surveyor of the port of
Cincinnati, when performing: the duties of collector
of customs, was entitled, under the la%r, to the same
compensation as provided for collectors.
It therefore seems equally important that the legal
construction of the statute should be established for
the guidance of the accounting: officers of the Treas-
ury as to do justice to the surveyors of the interior
ports mentioned. They have heretofore, in some
instances, been deprived of tho maximum compen-
sation to which they were by law entitled. The
business of other ports, it is believed, is not suffi-
cient to bring additional officers within tho purview
of the section, so that its amendment and exten-
sion will be confined to those ports montioned or to
others of the same class.
To reform, therefore, this misconstruction of the
law, to establish ;t unilorm practice in tho settle-
ment of surveyor's accouuts, and toaward justcom-
pensation to those officers, the committee report tho
following bill, and rccouiniend its passage,
Mr. HOLMAN. I would be glad to know
what effect, this bill would have on the salaries
of the surveyors of these ports. It is a ques-
tion really of salaries, and I trust the gentle-
man from Ohio will explain the provisions of
the bill and the extent to which the salaries
of these surveyors will be increased by the
operations of the bill, and also whether the
bill is retrospective as well as prospective in
its operations.
Mr. BINGHAM. I answer the gentleman
that the bill is neither more nor less than the
construction of a statute that is recited in the
report, and which is the authority for paying
surveyors of ports. The bill recites in the
body of it the words of the statute itself, and
the report notifies the House that the Treasury
Department have construed this statute hith-
erto to the exclusion of such ports as Cincin-
nati and Chicago. The bill simply provides
that the statute shall be construed as it has
already been construed by the circuit court
of the United States for the southern district
of Ohio. In further answer to the gentleman
I have this to say to him, that the bill has this
further limitation in it, to wit:
Prowled. Ttnit tho fees, commissions, and emolu-
ments prescribed by law and eollocled by them bhall
amount to such maximum allowanoo.
Mr. HOLMAN. And how much is the
maximum ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot recollect the
amount, but it is the precise amount intended
by the statute and none other. Now the sur-
veyor at the port of Cincinnati, as is well
known to the Secretary of the Treasury, comes
within the express provision of the law as an
officer discharging the duties ol collector, and
he is entitled to the pay under the judicial con-
struction which has been put upon the act by
the circuit court.
Mr. HOLMAN. But the Secretary of the
Treasury holds tiiat the surveyor of a port is
not under any circumstance entitled to the
same p:iy as a collector.
Mr. BINGHAM. I refer the gentleman to
the language of the statute:
" That, the eighth spnlion of an aft passed March
3,1857, entitled " An act making appropriations tor
certain civil expenses of tlio Government tur tho
year ending JuneoO, 1S5S, (see IX Statute.s-al-Largo,
paKe '223.) provides that section fi\ e ot the act of
1811, which established and limited the compensa-
tion of collectoisot customs shall be eonMrued to
apply to surveyors-performing or havinu performed
the duties of collector of the custom?, who shall bo
entitled to tho same compensation as is allowed to
collectors for like bervices m the settlement of their
accounts."
Mr. HOLMAN. It is very desirable that
we should know what will be the effect upon
the salaries of these surveyors.
Mr. BINGHAM. The amount is limited
to five or six thousand dollars at the highest.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is impossible, from
hearing the report read, to form an accurate
judgment of the effect of this bill upon the
salaries of this large body of officers.
Mr. BUTLEIi, of Massachusetts. It does
not affect them at all, but only provides that
when they are performing the duties of col-
lector they shall receive the salary and com-
pensation of collector.
Mr. HOLMAN. They perform the duties
of collectors in all these ports.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir,
unless the collector is absent.
Mr. HOLMAN. That would depend upon
"whether there was simply a surveyor in a port,
or a surveyor and a collector.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Those
two offices are never held by the same person.
Mr. HOLMAN. Of course I do not oppose
the passage of this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOUN K. IIANNAY.
Mr. BINGHAM also, from the same com-
mittee, reported, with a recommendation that
the same do pass, House bill No. 714, for the
relief of John K. JUarmay.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. The preamble sets forth
that John IC. Hannay, of Chicago, Illinois,
was the owner of the following described
United States Government coupon bonds,
commonly known as (ive-twenties: No. 4005!)
of the first series of bonds of 1802, dated May
1, 18G2, for $100; also, Nos. 4133, 457912, and
4-r>7(J3, (number of series unknown,) act of
180'2, for $100 each; also No, 221'29, act, of
JnneSO, 1804, for.'jjlOO; also Nos. 19703,20280,
and 20282, act of March 3, 1805, for $100,
each coupon payable lit May and November,
which said bonds were destroyed by lire in the
city of Chicago aforesaid, on tho 9ih of Octo-
ber, 1871, The bill therefore authorizes the
Seciclary of the Treasury to redeem all the
above-described bonds which he can identify
by the above description, and to issue to the
said John K. Hannay for the remaining bonds
which he cannot identify by the above descrip-
tion, certificates of their dates, amounts, and
numbers, which certificates shall be redeem-
able by the Treasury, with interest, if the
bond or bonds of the number they represent
is missing from any one alphabetical letter or
series, or does not appear at the Treasury for
three months after the corresponding num-
bered bonds of all the otheroutstanding alpha-
betical letters or series of the same date and
issue are redeemed.
Mr. IIOI/MAN. I think there are twoobjec-
tions to this bill. The first is that we have
passed a general bill on this subject, and that
bill is now before the Senate. That bill was
very carefully considered first by the Committee
of Claims of this House, and afterward by the
Committee of Ways and Means. I submit,
that if it is proper to pass any law on this sub-
ject, it should be a general bill. 1 wish to
call the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary [Mr. Bixgham] to the
fact that a general bill came from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means a short time since.
So important was it considered by the House
that they declined to pass it until it was printed
and could be properly considered. My first
objection, therefore, is that there is already
pending a general bill on this subject.
My second objection is that if there were
no general bill, this bill shows upon its face
that some of these bonds cannot be identi-
fied, or do not admit of description. It seems
to me altogether impossible that duplicate
bonds should be issued for bonds which it is
impossible to identify. Those are the two
objections I have to the passage of this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. This bill is reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary upon tes-
timony entirely satisfactory to them. I think
it is sufficiently guarded. If the gentleman
thinks he can make it better, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. These bonds cannot bs
described so as to be identified.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the attention of
the gentleman to what this bill does provide :
'Xhat tho Secretary of the Treasury bo authorized
to redeem nil tho above-described bonds which ho
can identify ky tho above description, and issuo
to tho said John IC. Hannay ior tho remaining
bonds which ho cannot identify by tho above de-
scription, certificates of thoir dates, amounts, and
numbers, which certificates shall be redeemable by
tho Treasury with interest, if the bond or bonds of
the number they represent is missing from any one
alphabetical letter or series, or does not appear at
tho Treasury for three months after the correspond-
ing numbored bonds of all tho other outstanding al-
phabetical letters or series of tho samo date and
issuo aro redeemed.
In the preamble, which is a part of this bill,
and which becomes part of it by relation, by
reason of the very words incorporated in the
text which I have just read, the bonds are
described as follows:
United States Government coupon bonds, com-
monly known ns ttve-twonties, de^ribed us follows,
to wit: No. 40CT>() of tho first series of bond." of 1S62,
dated May 1, 380J, i'or $100; also, Nos. 413<. 4.">792,
and 4C7iMl(nuinbnrof serios unknown) act ol 186J, lor
$100 each ; nlso, N<>, 22129 act of Juno 30, 18(>t, for
$100: also, Noh. 19793, 20280, and 202S2. net of March
3. 1805, for SiOO, ouch coupon pavablo in May and
November, winch siiid bunds wore destroyed by firo
in the city of Chicago aforesaid, on tho 9th of Octo-
ber, 1871.
Now, all I have to say is that if the gentle-
man thinks the general bill will cover this
case—I have no recollection of such a bill—I
have no objection to allowing this mailer to
He over tiil to-morrow. Bui I think the gen-
tleman will find, when he refers to the proof
before tho committee, that there is not the
least doubt in th<; wot Id that, the party named
in this bill was tho rightful owner of the bonds
described in the preamble, and that they did
perish in the lire at Chicago as prescribed in
tho preamble.
Mr. Pi NK15LNBUIIG. That general bill
certainly does cover just, such Cases.
Mr. BIN G II AM. If it does, I have no
objection to withdrawing this hill.
Mr. FINKI5LNBUUG. It was intended
to cover just such cases. Besides, sir, it does
not appear from this bill lhat there is to he
any bond to indemnify the Government in
case any of thebo coupon bonds should ever
turn tip.
Mr. BINGHAM. Such a bond is not neces-
sary when you consider the words at the end
of die bill. But i am willing the bill shall be
passed over until, to-morrow evening; and
meanwhile I will look into the matter. Prob-
ably tho gentleman t'rorn Indiana [Mr. Uol-
MAA'J and the gentleman from Mis> oun [Mr.
KlNtELXiJOiiO] are iii>;ht in their recollection
of the provisions of the general bill, though
I had forgotten such a bill hud been passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM, I do withdraw it.
REPEAL OF TBNURE-OF-OFFICK ACT.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
instructed by the Committee on the Judiciary
to report back, with a recommendation that it
pass, a bill which has already passed this House
four times. It is House bill No. UU8, to repeal
several acts relating to the tenure of civil
offices.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
entitled 41 An act regulating the tenure of cer-
tain civil ofticcs,'' passed March 2,1807, and an
act entitled u An act to amend nn act regulating
the tenure of certain civil offices." approved
April 5, 18G9, be repealed; piovided, that the
repeal of said acts shall not affect the suspen-
sion or designation of any civil officer hereto-
fore made by the President, except so far as to
prevent the restoration to office or pay by vir-
tue of such acts of anyperson suspended under
their provisions.
