2514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
between freedom and slavery was sharply
joined on the soil of Kansas. From that time
forward the Republican party, formed of the
better elements of the Whig party and of the
Democrats whose love of freedom overcame
their devotion to their old organization, began
its struggle against every form of corruption,
against every unwarranted use of power,
against the tyranny of party discipline and the
dictation of party leaders, and at last won
the grand triumph of 1860. And then came
the rebellion, a rebellion that could never have
been quickcned into life in a single State had
it not been thought by its chiefs that the Dem-
ocratic party at the North was so corrupted
by patronage and so demoralized by the spoils
that it would welcome Jefferson Davis or any
other usurper who would restore to its leaders
once more a share of the public plunder.
Then the Democratic party fell, and, I trust,
fell like Lucifer, never to hope again. Its
gigantic crimes against liberty would never have
been possible had it not debased itself and
debauched the people through Mr. Marcy's
infamous doctrine. So thoroughly had the
poison of that demoralizing creed gone through
its whole body and saturated its organiza-
tion, that the discipline and the regimen and
the medicines of the last eight years have
not purified its system. It still hankers for
the flesh-pots of Egypt. To flay it gets no
credit for its protestations of reform. We
smile in derision at its denunciations of cor-
ruption. We laugh at its '• passive policy,"
and call it a "possum" trick. In a Demo-
cratic newspaper, owned in part by a member
of this House, I read the other day an earnest
plea that the good men should unite against
the bad men. The writer said:
" As the Government is greater than parties, so
principles lisy higher than mon, anil whore the two
Just are not united, neither can be safely supported.
In tho existence ol' parties, also, there arc questions
which l'iao above finance, tariffs, banks, and the
public domain. These arc each and ail important
subjects, but tho vitality and punty of tho Republic
is the greatest of all, for safety rests only in pre-
serving the constitutional liborty of the people and
the rights of the States, as well as the unity and
integrity of tho Foderal Govormnont."
These are brave and true words, and with-
out questioning the honesty and good faith of
the gentleman who wrote them, 1 say to that
side of the House, the people listen to such
fair words with the utmost incredulity, and
they will not be persuaded through any pre-
tense of reform to put this Government m the
control, under whatever name, of tho party
which, by the help of a subsidized army of
placemen, brought the country to the brink
of ruin, loaded it with a mountain of debt, and
kindled the flames of a civil war that were
only extinguished by rivers of blood.
Mr. Speaker, in this hasty sketch of the
parlies of the last forty years is seen, I be-
lieve, what this pirate's motto, this "spoils "
doctrine, lias cost the country. The virtue,
the patriotism, and the honesty of the people
have rescued the Government from the men
who turned the very weapons forged in the
Constitution for the delense of liberty into
instruments of tyranny, and who through the
Federal Treasury organized their political
victories. And now remain these questions :
has the Republican party, or have the people,
still virtue and honesty and patriotism enough
to preserve the Government from similar de-
basement, to be succeeded bv similar dis-
asters'? Or is the nation still destined to be
torn and rent and agitated by political cam-
paigns, and to be alternately plundered and
wasted by whichever party comes into power,
until the people sink into sordid indifference,
caring nothing for our grand inheritance of
freedom, caring nothing for national honor,
and purchasing with bribes the safety and
immunity which can no longer be secured
through the ballot-box and the forms of gov-
ernment?
I need not say I regard these as serious
questions. . I do not believe I exaggerate their
importance, or that their importance can be
exaggerated. I know this country and this
people have wonderful vitality. We have
amazed the world with our continental growth,
with our gigantic civil war, with our stupend-
ous debt; and now we are astonishing finan-
ciers abroad, and astonishing ourselves by the
rapidity with which we are retiring and can-
celing our bonds. But no other people have
had our resources No other people have had
our room for expansion. No other people
have had our composite nationality, tusing
into one the best and most adventurous and
most hopeful elements of all the peoples of
the world. No other people have had our
free homesteads for the imllions who come
to us or are born on our shores. The ques-
tion of food, the question of crowded popula-
tions, have not troubled us. With those ques-
tions at rest, and with our large development
of various industries, our ability to pay the
laborer remunerative wages, our immense
production of food in the various forms which
can be found in an area stretching across the
continent, and through more than twenty par-
allels of latitude from the Red river in the
north to Cape Sable almost in the tropics, our
coal and iron and copper and marble and pre
cious metals, that yield their rich deposits by
the huudred millions to us annually, we have
gone along very well. The rebellion aroused
us from our easy and rather good natured in-
difference to the schemes of politicians and
maladministration in government with a rough
shock, but we are settling back again into some-
thing of the old unconcern, careless to a con-
siderable extent of abuses in administration so
long as liberty is made secure and the rights of
the emancipated black man are respected and
protected. But is it possible that thoughtful
men do not see that the problems of government
to besolved by the United States in tho future
are more difficult than any (exceptslaveryj l.hal
have been presented to us in the past? The
labor question—not portentous yet, perhaps,
although it has named the first candidate for
the presidential campaign—awaits us. The
incorporation into the body of citizens of an
emancipated and enfranchised race, although
accomplished by the Constitution and the
laws, must be far from complete while a
standing army and the suspension of the privi-
lege of the writ of habeas corpus—denounced
as the chief enemies of liberty by our fathers
in the Constitution—are still deemed necessary
to secure what the nation has guarantied ; and
while the Republican party hopes for succcss in
the coming election chiefly because the people
fear that its failure would endanger every secur-
ity for tho liberty of the black race which the
last six years have seen put into the organic
law. Our friends from the Pacific coast, while
begging for subsidies to enable commerce to
stretch out its arms and bring to our shores
tho riches of the East, yet tremble with appre-
hension lest we should so modify our natural-
ization laws as to invite the pagan millions of
Asia to become citizens of the United States.
Vast and speculative projects, in the name of
the "general welfare," daily, almost hourly,
besiege Congress for subsidies, grants of land,
acts of incorporation, recognition. Burned
cities invite and welcome military dictators.
Peoples terror-stricken by the raids of masked
midnight marauders and assassins pray for
and receive the protection of standing armies.
States plundered and despoiled by corrupt
officials, try to f^nd relief both in impeach-
ment and repudiation. The first city on the
continent is hardly yet free from the banded
robbers who with their spoils corrupted Dem-
ocrat and Republican alike, made their place
of assembling a den of thieves, bought legis-
lators as they would buy cattle in the market,
stole without concealment, and held with im-
punity one of the principal railroads of the
country, bribed judges, and made courts their
willing tools, defiled the purity of the ballot-
box until they made elections the merest sham
through which to give color to their usurpa-
tions, and by the poison of their influence and
their plunder sent their contamination far be-
yond State lines until they became national in
their gigantic crimes, and their apparent over-
throw seemed cause for national congratula-
tion. And in its ashes there yet live enough
of the wonted fires of Tammany to arouse the
alarm and excite the apprehension of honest
men both in the State and in the nation. If
the spoils of a smgle State produced a Tweed
and Hall and Barnard m that limited field of
operation, what alarming proportions of vil-
lainy might not be developed when the spoils
of four hundred millions of revenue are turned
into private and party channels, and "the
whole unbounded continent" gives scope for
the expansion of schemes of plunder? We
shall have more Tweeds until we stop sowing
the seed from which they sprung.
Can gentlemen pretend to forecast the future
and say they fear nothing from the continu-
ance of this partisan use of the spoils ? Is there
no danger that what we have characterized as
the consummation of political wickedness in a
State, may not yet appear in mightier propor-
tions on the larger stage of national affairs? I
beg those who think So to consider the great
railroad corporations that reach with their
Briarean hands into every State and to the
utmost bounds of the continent, and levy their
tribute on every industry known to our peo-
ple. The control of State Legislatures is with
them a matter of business, provided for regu-
larly in their " construction acecyuit " or mis-
cellaneous expenditures ; and only the o'ther
day we had a taste of their quality in the na-
tional Congress How long will it be before
the people may have to assert their title to the
national Government against the power of
these corporations?
What problems will be presented to us to
solve in connection with territory and peoples
just beyond our border? Canada, Mexico,
Cuba, San Domingo, even the islands of the
Pacific sea, are daily held up before us as our
future possessions j and what perils of political
legislation we may have to encounter before
annexation, and what perils of government
afterward, the clearest sagacity can only faintly
discern.
Even the very initial steps in a republican
government, an honest election and a fair count
of votes, cannot be said to be yet clearly made
secure Only the last Congress passed a law
of many sections to provide-for the purity and
freedom of elections ; and this not alone in the
South, where it may perhaps be said that we
are building republican institutions from the
foundations, but in northern cities, where re-
publican institutions have been on trial for
three quarters of a century, and the " spoils ''
doctrine had produced the culmination of vil-
lainy in repeating, stuffed ballot-boxes, and
"amended" returns. Indeed, it has been
freely charged, and is certainly believed by
many Republicans at least, that through these
frauds at the ballot-box the real will of the
majority of the voters of New York was de-
feated in 1868, and the electoral vote of the
State declared and counted for a Democrat,
when in any honest poll it would have been
Republican by a majority of many thousands.
Of the possible perils of the future I will
mention only one more.
Those who witnessed the count of votes three
years ago when the present President was
declared elected, and who did not then see
something more than a possibility that some
day, out of that apparently simple and peace-
ful process of declaring the will of the peonk;,
might burst the storm of revolution, must have
had_ a singularly cool temperament, a mo-'t
judicious and philosophic frame of mind, and
wonderful faith in the docility of parties and
of the American people. How soon the time
may come when by rejecting the vote of a
single State the result may be changed—and if
New York or Pennsylvania should happen to
