4306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
to sacrifice the rights of the poeple of the
District. I think the fair way is to send this
bill to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, let them look over the various propo-
sitions, and let them report a bill, and I for
one wili promise not to oppose it. It may be
done to-morrow or Saturday. There is plenty
of time. But for us to put together three or
four bills here in one bill now, seems to me
to be dangerous legislation.
Mr. STEWART. I will accept this prop-
osition which I will slate 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me go on. Our
knowledge of the geography here is very im-
perfect, and we should understand where all
these railroads are to run. Who would have
dreamed that a proposition here in three or
four lines authorized a railroad about ten
miles long? And yet it doee.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to make a
suggestion. Let us say that to-morrow morn-
ing at half past eleven the Committee on the
District of Columbia shall have unanimous
leave to report this bill. I am told they can
have a meeting to-morrow morning and per-
fect a proposition and bring it in. If they can
get it ready for action by that lime I have no
objection to its recommittal with the under-
standing that it shall then bo acted 011.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall object to farm-
ing out the time, and intend to make one more
appeal to the Senate to pass some bills from
the Judiciary Committee. They are not for
private purposes and they are not for rail-
roads. 1 have stated several times to the Sen-
ate that there is one bill in particular in regard
to a court ill the Indian country that I think
Congress is inexcusable lor adjourning with-
out some action upon. I have repeatedly
called attention to it. There are some other
bills: 1 hail hoped to get them up to-night,
and 1 have tried to get. the Uoor several times
to make a motion to proceed to the consider-
ation of those hills. Now I shall object to the
time being taken up by un agreement, in refer
enee to these railroads, with the hope that I
may be permitted to call up these bills. A
dozen private bills have been passed to-night.,
and here are bills that, no private parlies are
interested in, but which the public interests
require action upon, and they seem to be
measures that, we can gel, no action upon. 1
intend to move, il this bill is laid a.-ude, to
take up those bills. 1 believe the understand
ing is that this is to be recommitted. I make
the motion that this bill be recommitted to
tho Committee on the District, of Columbia,
and I will then move, if 1 eaa get the floor, to
take up bills from the Judiciary Coinmill.ee.
Mr. SAWVER. Is the motion debatable?
The PRKSJDING <JI<T<TCUR, {Mr. An-
thony iii^tlia chair.) The motion suggested
by thoSenator Irom Illinois is the motion now
pending, made by the Senator from Ohio.
It is debatable.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Illinois
has severaj times alluded to the laet, that these
are private bills, andthatheliasimportant pub-
lic bills from the Committee on the Judiciary
which demand the attention of the Senate.
Let me tell the Senator from Illinois that is
always the ease with him ; all his bills aie ot'
great importance; but let me tell him more,
that there are more people whose interests are
bou&d up in these railroad bills in this city
than there are people in the Indian country ;
that there is a larger population who are to be
accommodated by the railroad bills which he
characterizes in a contemptuous manner here
to-night than there are inhabitants in the
Indian country ; and that it is not private par-
ties who want the bills, it is the public who
want ti e privilege of having some mode ot'
access to the remote parts of this District,
und they are measures ot public importance.
the biii which I called up, aud to which the
Senator Irom Nevada has proposed the amend-
ment before the Senate, is a bill foe a railroad
through a section of this town where the poor
men have mortgaged their houses to take stock
in the road because there was no possible
mode of getting to their houses otherwise : and
yet the Senator talks about the bills being pri-
vate bills. They are no more private bills
than the bills of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The temper of the Sena-
tor from South Carolina is commendable. I
suppose the whole Senate know that he occu-
pied the morning hour with one of his railroad
bills, and these railroad bills occupy a great
portion of the time of the Senate. The bills
from the Judiciary Committee not. only affect
the Indian country—that is one bill—but there
is a bill here in regard to the punishment of
crime that ought to be passed, which affectsall
the United States. Nearly every bill, and I
think there are a dozen on the Calendar from
the Judiciary Committee, is of a general char-
acter affecting the people of tho United States.
I have no interest in them more than the Sena-
tor from South Carolina orany one else. They
are bills upon which the committee has agreed,
and they are reported to the Senate for act ion.
I shall have discharged my duty when 1 have
tried to get the attention of the Senate to them ;
but I think that I do not, discharge my duty by
silting still and allowing the whole time ofthe
Senate to be taken up by propositions to build
railroads, first one and then another, in which
the Senator from South Carolina seems to take
such a groat interest as almost to lose his
temper m regard to t hem.
Mr. 0ll.-\NDLliR obtained the floor.
Mr. SAWYER. I accept, Mr. President,
very humbly, the h'ciuro fiotn the Senator
from Illinois on temper, aud I admit that it is
entirely proper——
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator Irom Michi-
gan will allow me to make one remark, 'l'be
Senator from Illinois siiys the Senator from
South Carolina seems to be interested. 'The
bill which I asked the Senate to take up to-day
came from the Committee on the District of
Columbia, was placed in my hands by the
chairman of tho committee to try to have it
passed. There are sevcial more which came
irom the Same committee that have been wait-
ing for weeks to get, tho attention of the Sen-
ate. They have not, occupied an hour's tune
till this evening during the last six weeks.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have a bill ill which
forty million people arc interested, the steam-
boat bill, and 1 want to get, action on it to-
night. it is pending on ihe report of a con-
lerence committee. I therefore move to lay
this bill on ihe table, as it ia perfectly evident
it cannot be passed without debating it all
night; I move to lay it on the table for the
purpose ol taking up House bill No. 2116.
Mr. STEWART. 1 hope that will not be
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan moves to lay the pending
bill on the table.
Mr. TUURMAN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. We cannot take the
vote, it seems.
Mr. TUURMAN. Withdraw it a moment
until I make a remark.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly, I will do that.
Mr. TUURMAN. The Senator from Mich-
igan knows that I am as anxious as lie is that
the steamboat hill should be taken up; but,
this measure is a matter of great,interest, and
the only way to settle the street railroad ques-
tion is to have a report of the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Now, without a word more, I ask that the vote
be takeu on my motion to refer it to the Dis-
trict Committee. They can report it back
to- morrow morning. The Senate will see that
they have a fair chance. There is no doubt
about that. Just let us have a vote on that,
and then we can take up the steamboat bill.
Mr. STEWART. I am willing to do that if
the Senator will see that we have a fair chance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Michigan withdraw his motion
to lay on the table?
Mr. CHANDLER. If there can bo a vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from Nevada to receive two or three
amendments.
Let the amendments all
I have one amendment
Let all the amendments
Mr. POME ROY.
go to the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN.
to offer.
Mr. STEWART.
go the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In the last
provision in relation to the road starting from
the Boundary and Seventh street I desire to
have "Missouri" struck out and the words
"north line of Pennsylvania avenue" inserted.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is
understood that this bill will go to the com-
mittee with all amendments offered now or at
any time hereafter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If recom-
mitted, it goes with the amendments that may
be offered.
Mr. TtHJRMAN. That is my motion.
Mr. CASSERLY. As this bill and the
amendments are going to the committee, which
I think is very proper, I wish to move an
amendment to strike out all of that, language
which requires any parties provided for m the
bill to incorporate themselves under the rail-
road law of May 5, 1870. The railroad law
of May 5, 1870, is a general law for the in-
corporation of steatn railways, that provides
for running engines by steam, lor changing the
routes, for condemning property under the
laws of the District, and carrying freight and
delivering it at stations. So 1 suggest that all
that, pait directing the corporation to ho
formed under a law under which it will be
impossible for them to incorporate be stricken
out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask that
the provision which I moved as to the first
road, that " said road shall have a single or
double track in the most approved manner,"
shall be inserted in relation to the last road.
The Secretary will understand where that is to
come in, and then I ask that a separate and
independent section shall be adopted, which I
send to the desk.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill with the amendments be
recommitted to the Committee on the District
of Columbia?
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer one amendment
to he printed with the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
the mover of the proposition accepts all the
amendments winch I have proposed.
Mr. TH URMAN. I move that the bill and
all the amendments be recommitted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iunderstand
that the mover, the Senator from Nevada,
accepts every proposition I have offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. And the Secretary can
send word to the Printer to have the bill here
in the morning early.
ThePRESIUlNGOFFICER. The amend-
ments must be reduced to writing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Do Iunder-
stand the amendments I have sent to the desk
have been incorporated in the bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; they are not acted
on.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The mover
accepts them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who is the mover?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Nevada.
Air. TH URMAN. Let the amendments go
to the committee.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose I would accept
all of them, but I do not know.
Mr. TRUAIBULL. Let them all go to tha
committee.
