1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
r 23
He also presented a memorial of the Choc-
taw nation of Indians, remonstrating against
the establishment of a territorial government
over their country ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
workmen in the ITarrisburg furnace, citizens
of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against any change of the existing tariff laws
abating or abolishing duties upon such articles
as are successfully produced in this country ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of
A. Alpheora Bradley and a largo number of
others, citizens of Georgia, who ask Congress
not to lake off the duty oil rice. They repre-
sent that the rico lands require a great deal
of ditching and canal work, and the erection
of flood-gates, and that if the duty is removed
they will go to ruin. A great, deal of labor
and capital have been expended upon them
since the war, and a great deal of land recov-
ered. and they state that the repeal of the duty
will be very injurious to them. I move the
reference of the petition to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HILL presented the petition of John
Jones, Randolph H. Ramsey, and William (J,
Lauterman. praying to be relieved from all
obligations as sureties of William E. Quillian,
postmaster at Milledgeville, Georgia; winch
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. LOGrxVN presented a resolution adopted
at a meeting held at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, of
persons lately soldiers of the United States
Army, now pensioners on the United States
pension-roll, praying the enactment of a law
granting them, additional pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of late soldiers
of the United Slates Army, praying the pas-
sage of House bill No. 4o'J, entitled "A bill
to grant bounty lands to soldiers of the war of
1861 and their heirs;which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Kendall county, Illinois, praying the enact-
ment of a special aet giving a bounty to Milton
li. Brown, a soldier of the late war from that
county, who was sentenced by court-martial
and deprived of arrears and pay of bounty ;
which was referied to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affiiiis.
He also presented a petition of the officers
and members of Post Charles W. Crocker,
No. 45, of Auburn, New York, of the Grand
Army of tiie Republic, praying that an in-
crease ot pension be granted to Jerusha A.
Goodrich, widow in Colonel Luther Goodrich ;
which was relcrred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Adol
phus T. Graham, praying arrears of pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented the petition of Hiram R.
Rhea, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Stephen Hull, of Pougbkeepsie, New York,
praying an extension of his patent for an im-
provement in harvesters ; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents.
WITHDRAWAL OF P4PBHS.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move that Joseph
Clymer be permitted to withdraw from the
files all papers pertaining to his claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has there been
an adverse report?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I really do not know
whether there has been or not. I have simply
been requested to ask that this order be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the claim?
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair does
not know.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I was simply requested
to ask for the withdrawal of these papers, I
do not know who Mr. Clymer is, or anything
about his claim; but the papers are wanted for
use in another department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope, then, copies will
be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the request will be granted, copies
of the papers being left on file, unless the
Senator from Texas shall hereafter give some
reason which will dispense with the necessity
of leaving copies.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims bo dis-
charged irom the further consideration of the peti-
tion and papers of Thomas p. Mitchell, praying
compensation tor certain eotton seized and appro-
priated by tho Government in tho year 1865.
KUI'OIt'L'S OF OOMMITTKES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (II. 1
U. No. 501) authorizing the appropriation for j
the employment of surfmen at alternate life
saving stations on the New Jersey coast, for j
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, to be
expended in employing crews at, such stations,
and for such periods, and at such compen-
sation, as the Secretary of the Treasury may
deem reasonable, not to exceed forty dollars
per month for each person employed, reported
it with an amendment..
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a letter of the Secretary ot War,
inclosing a communication from the chief of !
engineers with regard to the St. Mary's falls
canal, reported a bill (S. No. 5G0) for the en-
gagement of the St. Mary's falls canal, in
tho State of Michigan ; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. 1!,. No. 1180) to extend the time for filing
claims for additional bounty under the act of
July 28. I860, reported it without amendment.
Mr. VICKKRS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill
(H. 11, No. 1074) providing for the survey of
the harbor and river at, Washington, District,
of Columbia, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia;
which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Co rnmittee en
the Judiciary, to whom was referied the bill
(S. No. 435) to authorize the President to ac-
cept the resignation of judges of any court of
the United States, reported it witli an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 86) relating to
the resignation of judges of courts of the Uni-
ted States, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
T IS 11U A N T KI > H C EXPEDITION,
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing. to whom was icferred a resolution for
printing additional copies of the report and
accompanying map of the Tehuantepec sur-
veying expedition, have directed me to report,
it back without amendment, and to ask for its
present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following concurrent
resolution:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That theie bo printed seven thousand addi-
tional copies of the report and accompanying maps
of the Tehuantepec surveying expedition, ot which
two thousand copies shaft be tor tho u--e ot the Sen-
ate, four thousand copies for the use ot the llouse,
and one thousand copies for the use ot the Secretary
of the Navy.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is the survey of the
Tehuantepec isthmus for a canal route.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it to be another big
quarto volume, costing twenty-five dollars a
volume?
Mr. ANTHONY. Oh, no ; it is merely a
report of a survey made by tho Navy Depart-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The estimated
cost of the entire printing, as added up by
the Senator from Rhode Island, is about five
thousand dollars.
The resolution was adopted.
hayden's geological survey.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives to print
extra copies of Hayden's preliminary report
of the United States geological survey, have
instructed me to report it back without, amend-
ment, and to recommend its passage. 1 ask
for its present, consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider tiie following concurrent
resolution ot the House of Representatives:
Revival by the [fousr ot' Rcprc^cnUtlivc*, (tho Sen-
ate concurring,) That t he, o tic print ed five t housand
tive hundrevl copies of Professor Hayden's prelim-
inary report to the Sooiutarv of the Interior of tho
United States pceolopaeat survey tor tho your 1870;
three chous.-nid tive hundred copies of which sha,il
be for the use of the House ot Representatives, and
fifteen hundred copies tor thouso of tho Senate, and
tivo hundred copies for distribution by tho Smith-
sonian Institution.
Mr. SHERMAN. What will that cost?
The VICE PRI5S1DENT. The estimated
cost is about, four thousand dollars.
Mr. ANTHONY. These reports, of which
I have a number, come in all together this
morning because a majority of the members
of the Committee on Printing have been absent,
for some tune. These are less than the usual
numbers that have been printed of these docu-
ments, and less than our western friends have
always insisted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
this resolution, but. 1 should like the Senator
to infoim the Senate by what authority the
enormously expensive book on the fortieth
parallel was printed and distributed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know. I have
looked over the appropriation bill, in which I
find all appropriation of ยง10,000 which I think
may be considered to authorize the War De-
partment to make that publication. 1 think
so because I tried to find authority for itsome-
where, and that was the only place 1 could
find it. The printing was not ordered by Con-
gress ; it never passed under the supervision
of the Committee on Printing, and we knew
nothing about it until we saw the book.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do think the attention
of the Printing Committee and the attention
of the country oufjht, to be called to the enorm-
ous expenditure for the public printing, done,
as it is now alleged, by the head of a Depart-
ment without any special appropriation, because
there was a book that could only reach two or
three hundred persons, and must, have cost
twenty-five dollars a volume. 1 trust, there-
fore, that, the law will be so altered that here-
after we shall have some control over the pub-
lication of such expensive volumes. 1 have
no objection to the publication of Professor
Hayden's repoit, or even of that, particular
book in ordinary foim, so that the great body
of the people may have it; but to publish a
book of that kind, which is only useful to ho
shown occasionally for the pictures m it. I
think is an uncalled for expenditure of the
public money, unless specially authorized by
law
Mr. COLE. By the legislative and execu-
tive appropriation bill which has been received
from the House of Representatives, and which
is now before the Committee on Appropria-
tions, that, abuse is likely to be corrected, as
it contains a provision requiring the different.
Departments to make estimates of the cost of
the printing required by them, and submit
them to Congress in advance, and not leave-
it to tho latitude of the Departments to print
so many as they please or such sort of books
as they may desire, without any estimate in
advance.
