2516
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
jQaJtes officials anxious rather to serve the party
than to perform their duties, and party rather
an instrumentality through which the offices
can be secured for favorites, than an agency
to crystallize into forms of government hound
political ideas and a wise political economy,
that it ought to receive no favor from Repub-
licans, who profess to be the party of reform,
progress, and pure government.
The remaining objection to divorcing offices
from politics—that the party cannot succeed
that does not subsidize its adherents—let us
now consider. This objection was once very
forcibly stated by a member of Lord Derby's
government in England, as narrated by Fronde
in the following extract from an essay on the
"reciprocal duties of State and subject." The
essayist says:
"When Lord Derby came last into office, and it
was rumored that the ground was to be cut from
under Mr. Gladstone's feet by the introduction of a
reform bill, I asked some one—I must not indicate
him more closely—why the Tories did not keep to
their own peculiar province? Authority was every-
where fal'ing to pieces; why did not they say frankly
they would try to check for instance, the dishonesty
of trade, and that if the people wanted reform bills
theymuatgo to those who believed that reform would
uo them good? My friend said that they would be
immediately thrown out. I agreed: but I said
they would return m ayearor two, with every right-
imnded Englishman at their backs. AIJ- friend was
being educated. lie said it would never do. The
Tone."had been long out of power and they wanted
patronage. There were House of Commons sup-
porters to be made poers, barristers to be made
judges, parsons to be made deans and bishops, hungry
hangeis-on to be provided for, or their services
oould not be counted on for tile future. They must
blood the noses of their hounds."
This member of Lord Derby's Government,
who evidently knew something of hunting as
well as of polities, had precisely the poor
opinion of the people that is held in this coun-
try by those who think an election cannot be
carried with honest ineu for candidates, with
an honest ballot, and for honest principles,
except the zeal ol the hounds is quickened by
the smell and taste of blood. Is this true?
Are we to conclude that the Republicans
who support General Grant are mercenary;
that unless he distributes the "spoils" to the
active politicians ihe ranks of discontent will
be increased, and his re/cleclion rendered not
only doubtful bat impossible? Who 011 this
side of the House is prepared to say this?
And yet, is not this just what every one says
who insists lliat unless the politicians can be
fed at the public soup tables the Republican
party cannot curry the elections, Ciuinut
reelect General Grant or uny other .Repub-
lican for President?
What principle holds the Republican party
together? Gentlemen tell us "the spoils."
The achievements of the party are nothing.
That it is the party that emancipated four mil-
lion slaves, is nothing. That it carried the
Government to a triumph over a rebellion the
greatest known to ancient or modern times, is
nothing. That it stood fast by the credit of the
Government when mere party men doubled,
hesitated, and questioned whether the nation
could ever pay its debt, is nothing. That after
suppressing rebellion, to the surprise of the
civilized world, it added to the amazement of
the best financiers of modern times by paying
$100,000,000 annually of its great debt, is
nothing. That while it has thus been restoring
the finances and quickening the industries of
the nation since the war it has by constitutional
amendments and by legislation made secure
what the war achieved, freedom and equal
rights to white and black alike, is nothing.
That the future of this great nation is in its
grasp, and by resolute retorm, by patient.effort,
by wise legislation, by just and impartial ad-
ministration ot the laws, it can give humanity
a chance in this wi-slern world that it has
never before had, is nothing. To these grand
achievements, to these noble trusts, to these
inestimable promises and solicitations the peo-
ple turn deaf ears, move away with indiffer-
ence from them, or repel them with contempt.
It is only as tmdw all these splendid mottoes
on our political banners, behind all these
gilded periods in our political speeches, under-
neath all these noble truths in our political
platforms they see that other sentiment, " to
the victors belong the spoils," that they kin-
dle into the enthusiasm that wins political
victories.
But this judgment of the capacity and hon-
esty of the people is not the true judgment,
and if gentlemen believe it is let them try it
in practice. Let the next Republican national
convention announce as the first article in its
creed, "to the victors belong the spoils," and
see what progress they will make in the cam-
paign. Let observations be made as to the
number of honest voters in New Hampshire,
or Connecticut, or Pennsylvania, who will
rally enthusiastically at that bugle call. Let
them read at their meetings in the several dis-
tricts as their basis of action Rev. Mr. Nasby's
platform for the next election, who thus
announces his principles:
"The post offices is at stake, the Cabinet posishuns
is at stake—m fact everything, includin my supply
of likker, is at stake, and I shell take off my cote
and go into this campane with all the vigger and
energy uv my yuthful daze."
Let them call their campaign clubs, aux iliary
branches of the great "bread-and-butter brig-
ade," of which we heard something in Pres-
ident Johnson's time. Let them organize their
army with the bu mrners and camp-followers, the
men who are after the "plums" and "moie
ties" and "commissions" and other "gen-
eral-order business," at the front—not the post
of danger, but the post of profit—and then ask
the people to fall into line and help that move-
ment on to victory. Mr. Speaker, the people
would turn from such a party movement with
infinite disgust and loathing. They would do
more; they would find some way of over-
throwing it with tremendous violence at the
polls ; and if stuffed ballot-boxes and false
counting, the natural resort of such political
villainy, were interposed to arrest the results
of the people's righteous indignation, a storm
of revolution would come like that which has
many times in the world's history swept from
office the corrupt tyrants who have endeavored
to perpetuate themselves in power.
If we needed assurance that the people can
be trusted to record a righteous judgment at
the elections without this preliminary process
of blooding the noses of our hounds, we can
iind it in the grand rally of the people of the
North to the defense of the flag fired upon at
Sumter, when Democrats and Republicans
alike gave their lives for the life of the nation.
The tide of patriotism rose high above party
bariiers and divisions, sweeping East and
West across the continent, and against its pro-
gress^ the breakwaters of party were erected
in vain.
The utter defeat of Tammany last fall fur
nislies an instance of a political revolution in
which the honest people of all parties united
to strike a fatal blow at corruption in office.
The election of mayor of Chicago after that
great city was wasted, as no other city was
ever wasted, by fire, proves how the people
in their calamities, in hours of peril, in mo-
ments of supreme anxiety, turn, irrespective
ot party, to their best men, and summon to
their aid the honest and the wise counselors
whom the mere managing and professional
politicians have no use for, and by the ma-
chinery of party generally manage to keep out
of places of power and patronage.
In truth—and it is entirely in accord with
our theory of government and the spirit of our
institutions—reform is only possible through
the agency of the people. It works through the
people upon the officers, and not through the
officers upon the people. We not only must
trust the people under republican institu-
tions ; they can be securely trusted. They
have always won the battles of reform, pre-
ceding their would-be leaders. They were
ahead of Mr. Lincoln in demanding emanci-
pation, and the crown of that achievement
belongs to him rather as the ready instrument
of the people's will, than as the daring chief
who gave a new thought and a new spirit to
the great civil war. They were far ahead
of the leaders in the long struggle between
freedom and slavery, and threw one side,
or trampled upon in their march, the half-
hearted, sometimes treacherous great men, in
whom they at times, with a mistaken faith,
confided; and all through that thirty years'
campaign place, power, patronage were against
them. _ Love of liberty, ideas, alone fought oil
their side, a long, sometimes almost hopeless
contcst; but with a vital energy and persist-
ence that led the way to victory at last. When
the issue can be fairly joined, the people are
ever on the side of liberty and justice and
truth and honesty ; and when they understand
that party ties are only the withes by which
they are bound for the sport of the Philistines,
they will "break the withes, as a thread oftow
is broken when it toucheth the fire." The peo-
ple can be trusted, and he who doubts them
libels them, attacks republican institutions,
makes an argument in favor of a government
of the few, denies the facts of our history, pro'
tests against the theory upon which alone out
liberties can be regarded as secure, and clouds
with his distrust every hope of the future of
the Republic.
While. Mr. Speaker, I am thus confident
that the people can safely be trusted, that we
do not need to buy or bribe them to elect hon-
est men to office, and that they cannot be
bought or bribed to elect dishonest men to
office, and while I must believe this or else
surrender wholly my faith in a government of
the people, I cannot disguise my concern at
the general spread of the belief among party
managers that the people are good-natured,
clever, and credulous, forgiving evil if they
only find it mixed with some good, and seldom
looking beneath the sugar-coating to discover
the ingredients of the pill they are asked to
swallow. It is sometimes too apparent that in
years of little political excitement, amid the
pursuits of their busy lives, on their farms, in
their shops, in their traffic, they give politics
over to the professional politicians, and with
some degree of indifference either refrain from
voting or vote the regular ticket.
And there is an idea, if not a popular one,
certainly a common one, that a certain amount
of corruption is necessary in politics; and out
ol this the word politician has come to be
almost a term of reproach ; yet by reason of
it people nave lust something of their sensitive-
ness to dishonesty in officials, and officials have
begun to have some disregard of if not con-
tempt, for the idea that anybody expects politics
will be honest.
One of Nast's recent and most significant
political eaitootis, whether so intended or not,
illustrates this bad reputation, both of politics
and politicians. An eminent personage, with
a face apparently saddened, yet with a mental
vision _ possibly cleared by disappointment,
admonishes his companion upon the bench, in
the language of the great cardinal, to "fling
away ambition." But what is infinitely more
striking and more melancholy,if true to tact and
history, than any warning of a shrunken and
disappointed (Jhief Justice to his portly and
hopeful associate, is the figure which stands in
the place of the presiding genius of the court,
with eyes blinded by politics, and holding scales
in an uneven balance in which political consid-
erations outweigh justice. The artist in his
inspiration has but put into his picture the
popular idea that politics and justice are not
equivalent terms; and while he might have
changed the characters of his sketch, and
others besides members of the court might have
been introduced in the foreground, he would
hardly have needed to change the figure stand-
ing on its pedestal as the ruling spirit in that
arena. Representatives, Senators, generals,
lesideuts, might, like the procession of kings
which seared the eye-bails of Macbeth) have
