4308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
on the table, and give notice that I will not
withdraw the motion on any appeal.
Mr. CONKLING. J-.pt us vote On that and
see whether we will lay it on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
ia to lay the pending bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 30, noes 9.
steamboat law.
Mr, CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
conference report on House bill No. 2116.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the report of the
committee of conference on the bill (11. R. No.
2116) to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide for the better security of life on board of
vessels propelled in whole or in part by .steam,
and for other purposes," approved February
28, 1871.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I prom-
ised on a former occasion to interpose no ob-
jection to the consideration of this bill. I con-
fess, however, my regret that it is taken up
now, atnine o'clock in the evening, in a weary
Senate. As the Senator from Michigan said,
it is an important bill, and it deserves the
sharp attention of the Senate. I wish, in the
fewest words, to dischaige my duty to this sub-
ject, but it is difficult to speak to a bill of
niuety pages which has never been read to
the Senate. I do not know how to call the at-
tention of the Senate to its provisions without
reading them or asking that they be read.
The only occasion when it was ever read—and
then it was not in its present form—was one
evening when I think not more than four or
live Senators were present. I would he glad
of any suggestion from the chairman of the
committee as to the briefest mode of getting
on. I would not occupy a moment need-
lessly.
Mr. CHANDLER. Tho beat way will be to
take the vote on the report of the conference
committee. 1 move to concur in that report.
Mr. CONKLING. But my friend does not
meet me in the spirit in whicli I address him.
1 take it ho known 1 am not engaged in child's
play; he understands that 1 feel hound to dis-
cuss this report. Thercfoie when says that
the best way is to lake a summary vote on the
report, 1 .submit to him ihat it is hardly treat-
ing the subject as J supposed he would treat
it. If my friend will make no suggitHlion
about it 1 must demand the reading of the bill
and of the report in full. If he will make any
suggestion to economize time, I will gladly
adopt it. If he simply waves me off by say-
ing " We will take a vote now," J ask to have
it read.
The I'RKSIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomk-
roy in the chair.) The Senator is entitled to
have the bill read ifhe insists upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to repeat that I
do not insist upon it if the Senator from
Michigan will indicate a bettor and shorter
way. The proceeding is abnormal and unusual
throughout. The biil has never boon read iu
the Senate. It was read in the Chamber but
once, and the present occupant of the chair
will confirm me when 1 say that only six Sen-
ators were present, as I am told. It was merely
read formally ; and when it came to be voted
upon, its manifold provisions and ameudmunts
were all voted on m block, by one vote with-
out division, in the twinkling of an eye, at the
request of a Senator, in the morning hour.
Therefore it is uot in the ordinary condition of
bills in their last stage. The Senate does uot
know, I suppose, there are not outside the
Committee on Commerce three Senators
informed of its provisions.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would suggest to my
honorable friend from New York that if he
has any objection to any particular section of
the bill, or any particular part of the report,,
he state that objection, and after stating it, let
ns have a vote on that section or that portion
of the report to which he objects, and if the
Senate concur with the Senator, very well.
Mr. CONKLING. That would _be^ agree-
able to me; but we cannot get at it in that
way; we are compelled to take one vote upon
the whole report. The rule of the Senate
does not permit ine to go over, as the Senator
suggests, and criticise the sections and take
the vote upon them separately. The form of
the proceeding does not allow it. We must
vote altogether,e  masse upon all sections and
all amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from New
York will allow me, I wish to make a sugges-
tion on this bill. I confess that I have not
read it, and I am desirous of information. I
only know that the steamboat law is so op-
pressive as to defeat the object of it 
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend state
what he refers to, as the oppressive provisions
of existing law? How and whereiu is the
present law oppressive?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not sufficiently
informed as to details, but I know by the gen-
eral concurrent testimony of persons engaged
in this business that they think it unsafe to
hold steamboat property on account of the
extreme liability imposed by the present, law.
I cannot tell as to particulars. I should like
to hear tho Senator from New York state the
objections to this bill; I intend to listen to
them and give them due weight, and to com-
pare this with the existing law as it stands,
which is so stringent,as I am told, as to have
driven all prudent men from the ownership of
steamboats on the western waters, making it
hazardous to such men to own stock in steam-
boats. Let the Senator state his objections to
this bill. If this bill is objectionable, I want
to know it.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator, when
he speaks of the danger of owning steamboat
property, does he refer to the liability of
owners for losses, and injuries to persons and
property ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I refer to the liabilities
imposed by the present steamboat law.
Mr. CONKLING. In respect to pecuniary
liabilities?
Mr. SHERMAN. Pecuniary liabilities, so
that now cases have been told to me in general
conversation where prudent men will not own
steamboat property, because the extent of lia-
bility is so great that it is not safe for any man
who has any property to hazard it in the own-
ership of steamboats. The result is that their
ownership is iu a great measure put into the
hands of persons who are not personally re-
sponsible for damages. That is the complaint
made to me by persons interested in the mat-
ter. Now, I am for stringent provisions in
favor of life, and I am for reasonable liability
on the part of steamboat owners for any dam-
ages that may occur to citizens.
What I should like from the Senator is to
take up the sections of the bill to which he
objects and tell us wherein they are deficient
in their protection of life ; wherein they are
too liberal to the owners of steamboats, audi
shall listen to him with patience, and my vote
will depend on his objections.
I only know this now, that it is the opinion
of nearly all the people in the West with
whom I have conversed, merchants as well as
steamboat owners, that the present law is to-
tally inapplicable to the business on the west-
ern waters, where, as a matter of course, there
is a different rule than would prevail either
on the lakes or ou the ocean; and I should
like to have the Senator; if he has examined
the subject, tell us wherein the law as now pro-
posed is too lax and too liberal in favor of
steamboat owners; and if I think so I will
certainly vote with him.
Mr, CORBETT. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio whether this is any more so
than it has been for the past twenty years?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told so.
Mr. CORBETT. I think not. I think the
law of 1871 is not as stringent, as amended by
the Senate, as the old law. I do not think it
makes any more liability than the former law,
except perhaps—in fact I do not know that it
does—for explosions, or anything of that kind.
It provides additional guards for the protec-
tion of life and property.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suggest to my friend
from New York that he go on and explain his
objections to this bill, and if he satisfies the
Senate that the bill ought not to pass, I shall
ask the Senate to refuse to concur' in the
report.
Mr. CONKLING. I am glad to follow the
suggestion of my honorable friend, and I ask
him but one favor in advance. I ask the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, as
I asked the Senator from Ohio, to state to the
Senate the particulars in which the present
law, the law of 1871, or any existing law,
oppresses the steamboat interest. That inform-
ation will enable me to pontine and limit my
remarks.
Mr. CHANDLER. Itoppresses the steam-
boat interest in divers ways. In the first place,
there are certain portions of commerce that
require more steam than the law of 1871 per-
mits, and we have passed two or three supple-
mentary laws authorizing two or three differ-
ent interests to change their steam pressure.
Then, again, this law compels the use of a.
large number of patent rights that are very
expensive, and, as the steamboat men claim,,
perfectly useless.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend let ine
interrupt him a moment?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. As I understand Mm,
there is nothing in the law of 1871 which, as
suggested by the Senator from Ohio, imposes
any undue liability for losses or accidents
upon steamboat owners. That seemed to be
the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio ; but
it- is not the suggestion of my friend from
Michigan, as 1 understand him.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am obliged to my
friend for calling my attention to that. Under
the law of 1871 we have delegated our powers
and have made the steamboat owners liable
for any rules or regulations which may be
made by a board of supervising inspectors.
Mr. CONKLING. That is we have required
them to observe those rules.
Mr. CHANDLER. Those rules are liable
to be changed at any time.
Mr. CONKLING. And you have required'
them to observe those rules?
Mr. CHANDLER. We have required them'
by the law of 1871 to observe those rules, and
some of those rules are very oppressive and
onerous.
Mr. CONKLING. I will trouble the Sen-
ator with only one other question, if he will"
give me his attention. Will he tell me what
appliance there is covered by a patent which
the law of 1871 obliges steamboats to carry or
wear which is not required by the bill before
us or the conference report—what one single
appliance ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, I will; and I
can tell the Senator a good many.
Mr. CONKLING. If you will tell me two
I shall be satisfied. There is one, and only
one, I think.
Mr. CHANDLER. In the first place, there
is a registering-gauge that the steamboat men
claim is not necessary, and is somewhat ex-
pensive. It is patented and the price of it
has been raised very much by the law we
passed. Another is a patent right concern
for unhitching boats so that you could do it
by the jerk of a bar. Naval officers declare
that they would rather jump overboard from
the bow of a ship than be lowered in a boat
by that patent contrivance, [laughter,] and
although it was on a great many boats there
was no evidence before the committee that it
was ever used in the world, or ever would be.
The moment the bar is sprung the sixteenth
