1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
ssir
taken each his place in the picture, and like
Wolsey, have sadly admonished his fellow to
" fling away ambition," and still the figure in
the place of justice, and which yet is not justicc,
might have remained unchanged.
But it cannot be true that this must remain
eternally the same. Political necessity cannot
forever outweigh justice and honor and truth ;
forever blind the eyes not only of those who
preside in our courts, but of those who hold
every executive and administrative office from
the highest, to the lowest, or who represent in
this capital forty millions of people. Yet the
artist has but fallen in with the somewhat gen-
eral current of thought wh> n he thus suggests
that politics is corrupt, dishonest, unjust; tor
how often we are told that the judicial ermine
should not, be dragged in its dirty waters. But
why should politics be dirty business? "What
necessity makes it disreputable? What, de-
mand is there that it should sell justice ? What
call is there upon politicians for any course
that would be dishonorable fur the highest
judge or the most honorable citizen in the
land?
It is now in the power of the Republican
party to change all this, to make a "new
departure," abandoning this Democratic doc-
trine of the spoils and returning to the prac-
tices of the fathers of the Republic. Whether
the plan adopted by the President to secure
purity in administration of public affairs, and
to make party significant of something higher
and more useful than a struggle for office and
its emoluments and plunder, is sufficient, or
whether experience and an honest purpose to
accomplish some reform shall show a better
way, remains to be seen. It is in the power
of "the President to give this measure, as he
has promised he will, "a fair trial;" to mod-
ify and improve it as the test of practice shows
will best secure the end sought; to resist every
assault upon it in the pretended iuterest of
party or of favorites; and to carry forward to
a certain success a work that, triumphant,
will give to his administration its highest
glory, and to himself a renown more to be
desired than the fame from any victory won
by armed legions. As the chosen leader of
Our armies he won a splendid name ia the vic-
toiies over treason. He can give that fame a
whiter luster if he will lead the people in their
contest with that pernicious doctiinc which
the Democratic party brought into_ politics,
which alone made rebellion possible, and
which ought to be buried in the same grave
with the treason which it helped to quicken
into its baleful life.
Mr. Speaker, we all remember the grand
and solemn words of Mr. Lincoln in that brief
but noble address at the consecration of the
national cemetery at Gettysburg. Standing
where two great armies—and, saddest ol all,
both armies composed of children ol the same
great Republic—had met and struggled for
days in the shock of murderous battle, and
where thedefiant hosts of treason were turned
back in that refluent wave which never knew
a returning flood, and looking down on the
mounds where sleep the nation's dead, how
truly he said:
" We cannot dedicate, we cannot consecrate, we
cannot hallow thi« ground. The brave men, living
and dead, who struggled here have consecrated it
far above our power to add or detract.
Arid what purer or nobler thought can we
have upon which to build the iuture of our
common country—a thought in comparison
with wtiich the strifes and contentious of party
for places and spoils seem little better than the
treason which there received its death-blow—
thau is contained in these other words of Mr.
Lincoln?
"It is for us, the living, rather to be dedicated
hero to the unfinished work that they have thus
iar so nobly curried on. It is rather for us to be
hero dedicated to the great task remaining: betore
us that from these honored dead we take mciea.sed
devotion to the cause for which thuy heie s&ve the
la^t full measure of dovoHon; that wo here biffhly
resolve that the dead shall not have died m vain;
that the nation shall, under God, have a new birth
of freedom; and that the government of the people,
by the people, and for the people, shall not perish
Irotn the earth."
In the spirit of that lofty sentiment let the
nation go forward in its work of reconstruction
and reform, resting republican government,
for its secure foundation, upon no party, upon
no man, upon no voters bought with money or
promises of office, but having for its solid
base, and its buttresses and towers of strength
and defense, and its security in the trials of
coming years, the virtue, the intelligence, and
the patriotism of the whole people.
Mr. P13HRY, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. NJBLiAOK. Mr. Speakor, 1 do not
desire to debate this question, but to make an
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Pekky,] a member of the select
committee having chargc of this subject, is
entitled to the floor. The Chair, however,
understood that some proposition was to be
made in regard to other business.
Mr. NIBLACK. I beg to inquire of the
gentleman trom Ohio, through the Chair,
whether he will not yield for a short time that
we may take up the fortification appropriation
bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Niblack] who has charge of the
fortification appropriation bill desires that
this afternoon may be devoted to the consid-
eration of that bill, the pending bill to go
over till to-morrow, when by the arrangement
it will again come up at two o'clock.
Mr. RANDALL. I am willing to consent
to that, so far as I am concerned, if it does not
give ttiis bill any privilege beyond to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. It would not do so.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. A privileged ques-
tion is to come up at one o'clock to-morrow,
and if this bill should go over until to-morrow,
either that privileged question or this bill
would have to be postponed.
The SPEAKER. The bill is entitled, under
an arrangement made by unanimous consent,
to two days—to-day and to-morrow.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as the commit-
tee reporting this bill is entitled to only two
days, it seems to me bettier that the discus-
sion of it should proceed to day without inter-
ruption.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Perry] will proceed.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Ohio
will allow me to give notice lhat on next Tues
day, after the morning hour, the Committee on
Foreign Affairs will endeavor to call up the
resolutions relating to the case of Dr. Houard.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Before I take my
seat I propose to offer House bill No. 1697 as
a substitute for the bill presented by the gen-
tleman Irom Vermont, [Mr. Willard.] I shall
in the course ot my remarks state briefly the
differences between the two propositions, and
if gentlemen choose to give any attention to
the subject, I would suggest to them to turn to
their files.
When this House was organized the subject
now under consideration was placed before
me, and it is the only subject that was placed
before me. As a new member it might have been
to my taste to confine m\ self to questions con-
cerning which any opinion which 1 might form
eouid not ba construed into a censure of the
action of this House, of which I am now for
the first time a member, or into a criticism
upon the general action of the Government to
which for the first time I now hold an official
relation. 1 do not mention this as an apology,
for I am not conscious of needing an apology ;
I state it as a fact.
in the course of my examinations upon this
theme, which was thus put before me, I found
myself letting go of opinions I had before that
time cherished, and I found myself uncon-
sciously taking hold of opinions which I had
before been unwilling to adopt. Two mouths
ago to-day I sought an occasion when no busi-
ness of the House could be interrupted hy it
to bring to the attention of such of its mem-
bers as chose to listen an outline of the eight
years' history of this effort at reform of the
civil service ; to bring before it/ in outline the
appalling mischiefs which have been thought
to threaten us, and chiefly to develop the idea
which 1 found imbedded in it from beginning
to end, that the whole balance of the Consti-
tution is being wrenched from its anchorage.
The. mischiefs in the way of uneconomical
expenditure, great as they are, are nothing
compared to the constitutional rights of which
the people are robbed by this gigantic abuse.
They are robbed in aggregate and in totality
of anything aud of everything in the way of
responsibility anywhere for appointments to
office. If you seek it of members of Congress,
it is not there; the Constitution does not give
it to them. Ifyou seek it of the Executive, it
is not there ; for it has been wrenched from
him ; and the result is that however great the
abuses may he, the people have nowhere to go,
nobody whom they can hold responsible.
1 took it upon myself to state in outline my
construction of the Federal Constitution, so
far as it authorized us to act upon this theme ;
and I arrived at the conclusion that the utmost
which Congress can do is to agree to mind its
own business and to allow the executive officers,
in whom the Constitution has placed the power
of making appointments, to exercise that power
and stand responsible to the country for its
exercise.
Jn that statement I alluded to an opinion
given by the late A'torney General, Mr. Aker-
man, and stated what I understood to be the
result of that opinion. I also took the liberty
of stating that in one particular I was not pre-
pared to agree with him. After that 1 had the
honor to receive a letter from hnn calling my
attention to the subject, and explaining that I
had misapprehended his meaning, and that, on
the particular subject in which I indicated a
difference of opinion from his there was no
such difference of opinion ; showing that_ if
there is in any sense a difference ol' opinion
between us it is not on the branch ot the sub-
ject which is now before the House, and to
which 1 need not further refer. With the per-
mission of the House I will make a part of my
remarks the letter of the late Attorney Gen-
eral, not now taking time to have it read :
Caktersville, Georgia, February 28,1872.
Dear Sir : I have read with much interest your
remarks on "civil service," reported in the Globe
ot the 18fch instant.
Permit me to correct a mistake into which yon
have fallen in regard to the opinion which, when
Attorney General, I prepaied on th.itsubject. You
understand me to hold that when the President is
the appointing power he cannot bo circumscribed
by a law requiring him to select according to the
report of an examining board, but that the other
appointing powers can be so circumscribed. No«ueh
distinction ever occurred to my mind, and i tlnnk
it has no foundation in the Constitution or in reason.
Congress can limit one of the appointing powers
designated in the Constitution as much as the others,
but can limit no one of them so as not to leave a
reasonable scope for t.hc cxerei.-e of its own judg-
ment, and will. Congress cannot require that trie
appointing power shall appoint the peison whom the
exawine&s pronounce fittest, fui tins rule would
make the examinei - in effect the appointing power;
but it can require that appointments shall bo maae
from a class ol persons lound by examiners to be
qualified. T , , •
In my official opinion I was not at liberty to dis-
cuss the subject of civil service generally, hut only
to answer tue questions put.
The civil service commission, not douutmg taut
the President, if he chooses, can confine hirnsdt m
his appointments to persons of the c1j  thus found
to be uu.<itilled, seem to have doubled whether lie
could establish a similar rule for ihe other ai>i oint-
1112; powers. I thought that the act under which the
commission was coEu^titul ed authorized hiru to e-ff po-
lish. such a rule; and I also thought that under vtie
Constitution Congress could apply such a rule to ait
the appointing powers. On this point ishould have
had «omo aithculty, if there had not been a.lons and
uniform practice, de-^-rvinj? great respect irom tiny
expositorof the Constitution. From an early period
Congress has imposed limitations on the appointing
powers. The Attorney General must be "a, meet
person learned in the law.'' Many customs ofliccr?
are appointed by the Monetary the irea>-ury on
the nomination of colic-tors. District courts appoint
