1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3413
the "bill (H. R. No. 1396) for the relief of
Marshall 0. Roberts.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Marshall 0.
Roberts, out of any money in theTreasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of $7,075,
the same being money paid by Mr. Roberts
into the Treasury for real estate purchased by
him at a Government sale, the title of the real
estate bavins: failed.
■ Mr. HALE. I raise the point of order that
this bill makes an appropriation, and must
receive its first consideration in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Cbair
sustains the point of order. The bill must go
to the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Hale] to consider that
in every instance heretofore the House has
passed these bills when recommended by the
Treasury Department.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my point of order.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
samukl b. elliott.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, with a
recommendation that it pass, a bill (H. R. No.
2775) for the relief of Samuel B. Elliott, late
acting purser of the United States vessel-of-
war the Flirt; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill directs the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to allow to Samuel B.
Elliott, late acting purser of the United States
vessel-of-war the Flirt, in the adjustment of
bis accounts, the sum of $556 53, payable out,
of any money now or hereafter to be appro-
priated for the payment of officers or seamen
of the Navy, that beingthe amount due for his
services as acting purser, after deducting the
amount paid to him as midshipman in the
Navy for the same period.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can state
in a moment what this bill is. Itwas referred
to us from tb*e Committee on Naval Affairs.
It is cnly to correct a mistake of law. I do
not think anybody will object to it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, itwas
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
,Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
* john graham.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reP°^e^w
a recommendation that it pass, a bill (H. K.
No. 2776) to provide for the adjudication of
the claim of John Graham; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
claim of John Graham for the detention oi his
three steamships in the harbor of New York
by order of the President, under provision ot
the neutrality act, be referred to the Court ot
Claims, to award him just indemnity for such
loss as he may necessarily have sustained
thereby; provided it shall appear to said court
there was no reasonable ground for the deten-
tion of said vessels. ,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
s. f. marks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also, from
the same committee, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 2777) for the relief of the sureties of S.
F. Marks, former postmaster at New Orleans ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
sureties of 8. F. Marks, formerly postmaster
at New Orleans, Louisiana, be released from
all claims on their bonds as such sureties; pro-
vided they shall respectively discharge their
aliquot proportion of the principal, without
interest, according to the number of sureties
on said bond.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope it will not be at-
tempted to pass this bill without giving the
House some explanation of the reason for it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The case
is this: Marks was before the war postmaster
at New Orleans. He was a defaulter.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 do not insist on any
explanation, as I understand from friends here
that it is all right.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise objection to the
passage of the bill without explanation.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman's objection
comes too late.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish an explanation of
the bill, first, for the reason that it comes from
a committee which does not seem naturally to
have jurisdiction over such subjects.
Mr. PETERS. That is all right—it was
referred to the committee, and they have actcd
on it.
Mr. HOLMAN. And in the next place
committees of less pretension are expected to
submit grounds for asking the passage of such
an extraordinary bill.
Mr. PETERS. It is a just bill for relief
which ought to be passed. It is to relieve a
Greeley man. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. That makes it the more
imperative. We should have some explana-
tion why this bill should pass. We ought not
to allow this bill to pass in such improper
haste and without fair consideration. We
have not been in the habit of passing bills ot
this unusual character without knowing the
exact facts in each case. There is no report
from the committee accompanying the bill,
and I trust we shall at least have some state-
ment why such an extraordinary bill should
P°Mr. HALE. I hope the gentleman will not
insist when he remembers the fate of the ob-
jection to the Marshall 0. Roberts bill. I am
told it is outside of the domain of facts, and
I trust the gentleman will let it go through.
Mr. HOLMAN. If it is outside ot the
domain of facts let us have the theory on
which it is based.
Mr. HALE I do not object to that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can
state this case in one moment. I have all
the papers, which I propose to send to the
Senate with the bill. The case is this: S. I1.
Marks was postmaster at New Orleans before
the war. He was a defaulter. Some of his
sureties have died and some are bankrupt.
One or two have some means. One of them,
Mr. Pike, was sued in 1862 on this bond, and
he heard nothing more about it until some six
months ago, when the suit was called up and
he was mulcted in the whole amount o the
bond. What we provide in the general bill
does not touch this case, but after ten years
nearly this bill provides that ne
share of that bond he shall be relieved, i hat
is all there is of it. All the rest are dead or
insolvent. We agree if he pa,ys his aliquot
proportion he shall be relieved. We do not
think it will be fair to ask him to pay the
interest during these long ten years, but that
if he will pay his proportion as a solvent man
he shall be relieved.
Mr. BINGHAM. Leaving the others where
they are ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir,
leaving the others where they arc.
Mr. SHELDON. The books of the post
office in Now Orleans were destroyed and lost
daring the war, and it is impossible to tell
whether really there is any default or not.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this relief to be given on
account of the extraordinary delay on the part
of the Government?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Without
accounting for the extraordinary delay; 1 will
say that Mr. Marks has died and his widow
cannot find his papers. If the Government
prosecuted it is more than probable they would
not find any testimony, the war having inter-
vened.
Mr. HOLMAN. These laches on the part
of the Government certainly ought to be con-
sidered. In that light this proceeding may be
justifiable, but I do not think it would be justi-
fiable on any other ground.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
the ground on which I put it. I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third 'time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the voteby which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
pknaltihs against congressmen, btc.
Mr. PETERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1028)
to amend an act entitled "An act relating to
members of Congress, heads of Departments,.
and other officers of the Government," ap-
proved June 11, 1864.
The bill was read. It extends the provisions
of an act entitled "An act relating to members
of Congress, heads of Departments, and other
officers of the Government," approved June
11, 1804, so as to apply in all respects to Dele-
gates from the Territories and the District or
Territory of Columbia.
Mr. PETERS. I will explain in a word
that, this is a bill which extends the statute
making it penal for a member of Congress to
take a pecuniary consideration for services
rendered at the Departments, so asto make it
applicable to Delegates from Territories and
the District of Columbia. .
Mr HOLMAN. So much confusion pre-
vailed in the Hall when the bill was read that
1 must ask to have it again reported.
The bill was again read.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, itwas
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. AMBLER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, it was not agreed to.
stenographers jfor circuit courts.
Mr PETERS, from the same eommittee,
reported a bill (H. R. No., 2778) to provide
stenographers for the efceait courts of the
United States, which was read a first and
second time. , . . , ,
The question was on ordering the bill to  e
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that at
