3414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
any term of the several circuit and district
courts of the United States, the court shall
have the authority to appoint a stenographer
for such term, who shall be a sworn officer of I
the court, and whose duty it shall be, under
the direction of the court, to take full notes of
all oral testimony and other proceedings in
the trial of causes during such term, and fur-
nish for the use of the court a fair, legible,
long-hand copy of so much of his notes as the
presiding judge shall direct.
In the second section the bill provides that !
the said stenographer shall receive compensa-
tion to be allowed by the court, not exceeding
eight dollars per diem while employed, and in
addition thereto six cents a mile for actual
necessary travel, and ten cents for every one
hundred words of the long-hand copy of his
notes furnished for the use of the court, to be
paid by the marshal on the certificate of the
judge presiding, to be allowed in the settle-
ment of said marshal's accounts the same as
payments to jurors.
The third section provides that said stenog-
rapher shall furnish to any party to such trial,
upon request, a copy of the evidence and other
proceedings taken by liim on such trial, or
such part thereof as may be required, on pay-
ment on behalf of such party of ten cents for
every one hundred words of the copy so fur-
nished.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the first section
be again reported.
The first, section of the bill was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to move an amend-
ment to that section.
Mr. PE 1'ERS. I did not yield the floor to
the gentleman to move an amendment; but
I am willing to hear it read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that I have
the floor. I will yield it again to the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Peters] after 1 have
offered my amendment.
Mr. PETERS. I have not surrendered the
floor. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] merely rose to ask that a portion of
the bill be read again and reported.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Peters] is recognized
as having the floor.
Mr. PETERS. I will hear the gentleman's
amendment,.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to amend by add-
ing at the end of the first section the follow-
ing words, "to be taxed against the losing
party." I hope the House will not pass
this bill without attaching this amendment
to it.
Mr. PETERS. I do not yield the floor for
that amendment.
The object of the bill is to allow a judge of
a Federal court to employ a stenographer.
Almost all the States of the Union already
have statutes upon that subject, authorizing
the employmentof stenographers in the courts,
and those members who have had experience
of the working of the system know that it
saves a great deal of money to the treasniies
of the States where it is in use. Counsel do
not occupy half the time in the examination
of witnesses which they did previous to the
employment of stenographers. It is of ines-
timable importance to the parties that the tes-
timony may be properly perpetuated, and no
advantage can be taken by counsel of each
other or of counsel by the court. I believe
nearly twenty of the States have already stat-
utes similar to the provisions of this bill. I
move the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. Who is to pay the bills of
the stenographers?
Mr. PETERS. They are to be paid out of
the 'Treasury of the United States, and money
will be saved by doing it.
Mr. BROOKS. And there will be a stenog-
rapher to every United States court in the
country.
Mr. PETERS. Only where the judge deems
it wise to employ one.
Mr. BROOKS. The judge will always deem
it wise.
Mr. PETERS. We employ them in the
courts in every State in New England, in New
York, in New Jersey, and in some of the
western States, and the universal testimony is
that it is a vast saving of money to the treasuries
of the States.
Mr. HOLMAN. Where stenographers are
employed in Indiana the cost is always taxed
against the losing party.
Mr. PETERS. That is utterly impracti-
cable. 1 insist upon the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the House should not
second the previous question, will it be in order
to move to recommit the hill ?
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman knows, of
course, what will be the answer to that ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will be in
order.
The question was put upon seconding the
previous question ; and there were—ayes 65,
noes 3- 5 no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. IPeters and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I protest against this out-
rage on my own constituents, in compelling
the poor men I represent to pay the fees in
such cases ns these.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 105, noes 17.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move to lay the bill
upon the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
18. noes 02; 110 quotum voting.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
05, noes 08
Mr. CONGER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Petehs and
Mr. IIolman weie appointed.
The House divided: and ihe tellers re-
ported—ayes 4i, noes 43.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
(at ten o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. BROOKS: The memorial of the
New York Chamber of Commerce that the
bill in relation to the tobacco bonded ware-
houses be passed.
Also, the petition of E. D. Morgan, John T.
Johnston, and others, to change the New
York custom-house from Wall street to the
Battery.
By Mr. COBURN : Petitions of soldiers and
sailors of Newburg, New York; of North
Attleborougb, Massachusetts; of Wrentham,
Massachusetts; of Cumberland, Maryland ; of
Fabins, New York ; of Penn Yan, New York ;
of Bellotia, New York; of Dresden, New
yorlt; of Tretnont, Pennsylvania; of Woleott-
ville, Connecticut, and of Chicago, Illinois,
asking for the passage of a bill to provide
industrial homes, &c., for the orphans of
soldiers and sailors who served in the Union
Army.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of Mrs.
A. A. Slack, widow of the late Daniel Slack,
of Batavia, Ohio, for certain relief.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
15. Morris, James H. Fordyce, Peter A. Htght,
and 17 others, discharged soldiers, citizens of
Greene county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
passage of a bill allowing S8 33^ per month
to every honorablv discharged soldier.
By Mr. WALDRON: The petition of H.
H. Baker, S. Fowler, and 70 others, citizens
of Amboy, Michigan, asking that Congress
preserve inviolate the guarantees of religious
liberty now contained in the Constitution of
the United States, and that it resist, all amend-
ments which would overthrow the complete
separation of church and State on which it
was established by its founders.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York: Tha
petition of Hon. Millard Fillmore and 130 cit-
izens of Buffalo, New York, for aid to the
suffering poor of Persia.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 14, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
taxus on dist1m.kd spirits.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed, as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(S. No. 881) to provide for the abatement or
repayment of taxes on distilled spirits in bond
destroyed by casualty, Mr. Sherman, Mr.
Wiught, and Mr. Bayard.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed that Sen-
ator Bayaiui of Delaware will not be here for
some days, so that some else should be sub-
stituted iu his place 011 the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. TIIURMAN. The Senator from Dela-
ware was compelled to have to consult a
physician about his eyes, and it is not prob-
able lie will be here for several davs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
appoint his colleague [Mr. Saulsbuuy] in his
place.
admissions to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent
to brine upon the floor of the Senate ex Gov-
ernor Hiland Hall, of Vermont, a very old
gentleman, who was a long time a member of
Congress and Governor of our State, a man
of high position, who has not been here tor
many years. I should be glad to have the
Senate permit Ititn to come on the floor.
The VICK PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont asks unanimous consent, tointroduee
on the floor of the Senate ex-Governor Hall,
of Vermont. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask unanimous coiihent
that Mr. A H. Rice, of Massachusetts, who
served so long as chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives, may be admitted on the floor of the
Senate.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered; and it is so
ordered.
iiouhe bills rkfhukkd.
The bill (H. R. No. 2313) to authorize the
construction of a bridge over the tide-water
of Dunstan river, iu the State of Maine, was
read twice by its title.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is a little matter, but
yet important to the parties interested, and I
hope the Senate will allow the bill to pass. It
has received 1 lie consideration of the House
committee, and passed that body unanimously.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has it been to a corn
mittee here?
Mr. IIAMLIN. No, sir. It is simply for a
bridge across a little creek that is navigable
only with boats. 'They are building a railroad
there, and all the people of the vtciuity ask
for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no doubt it is a
very proper thing, but I ask the Senator if he
thinks it is best to establish the practice of
passing bills without a reference in that way?
Is it not safer to let'er all bills? If this is
done in this case, some one else will ask for
it; the Senator will dislike to object, and I
shall dislike to object. It seems to me it is
very dangerous, particularly at this stage of
the session. A bill comes in; some Senator
asks to have it passed without a refereuce; it
