4310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
navigation. The bill before us proposes to go
inland, everywhere, and attaches itself to ferry-
boats, tugs, and the like. One of the provis-
ions by way of definition is that every craft
sha I be known as a passenger steamer if it
carries anybody for hire or reward. Thus,
this net is to be spread over all the steam craft
- which float upon our waters.
" That no owner or owners of any ship or vessel
shall be .subject or liable to answei for or make good
to any one or more person or persons any loss or
damage which may happen to any goods or mer-
chandise whatsoever, which shall be shipped, taken
in, or put on board any such ship or vessel, by
reason or by means of any firo happening to or on
board the said ship or vessel, uuless "—
Now I ask the Senate to notice this lan-
guage—
"such fire is caused by the design or ncglcct of
such owner or owners."
1 stop here a moment, Mr. President. The
law of England and of this country says qui
facil per alium facit per se. The common
law says that if your teamster, or your minor
son, or jo  r son over age, if you stood in
loco parentis, driving on the highway, collides
by n-gligencH wnh jour neighbor's carringe,
you are liable. Why? because you deputed
him to represent you in that employment, and
his negligence the law imputes to you. Here
is a provision that no habiiny shall arise
again8i steamboat, owneis *'unless such fire
is caused by ihe desigu or negligence of such
owner or owners."
The honorablo Senatorfrom New Jersey, not
now in Ins seat, [Mr. Stockton,"] succeeded
to-day in obinining the consent of the Senate
to devote $100,000 to experimenting upon the
causesand remedies of the explosion of steam-
boilers. He explained to us that the cause of
boiler explosions is np to this moment an un-
solve 1 pioblem. If this section was confined
to accidents growing out of the explosion of
steam bo.ler.i, it might summon to its aid the
difficulty of which the Senator told us in
guarding against such disunities; but observe,
Mr. President, in case of ulire," even if that
fire occur from a case of negligence never so
gross, no right of action exists, no action lies
unless it was by the desigu or act of the
44 owners." Why, sir, does anybody suppose
that the owneis of steamboats run them in
person? Does anybody suppose thai, the
owner of a steam canal boat holds the tiller
and ho run her that, she sinks with a car^o of
wheat? Does anybody suppose that lighters
or tugs, that help boats loaded with g**am
around the hatbor of New York, or bring
them from Troy and Albany toNew York, nre
managed and run in by Liieir owiiers? So of
fet ry-boais.
Air. N YM Not one.
Mr. CONKLING. Not one. Skippers on
the North river own their sloops. This bill
does not apply to them. It says it shall not
apply to hail vessels of less than so many tons.
But what steam tug, what ferry-boat, what
lighter, what craft ot any soit plying on the
North river or in the harbor ot JSew York is
managed and governed by the owners of that
cm ft iti person? None of them ; and yet I
shall show you in a moment ihat this statute of
1861 is made by the bill before us to apply to
every one of ike crafts of which 1 have been
speaking.
Mr. THEJRM AN. Do I understand the
Senator to say that the act of 1851 applies to
a canal-boat?
Mr. CONKLING. I did not say so. I say
that the act of 1851, if the bill before us be-
comes a law, will apply to every vessel em-
braced by the bill, and I shall show my friend
that although itdoes not apply to a canal-boat
plying by horse power on the Eiie canal, it
does appiy )n its consequences to every canal-
boat Mid every other boat taken iu tow by a
Steamb'-at on the Hudson rmr, for example.
My honorable friend at my right [Mr.
IJowe] asked me, asiue, if I understand that
the courts hold that under the statute of 1851
owners are not liable for the carelessness of
their agents. I understand that the courts do
so hold, and I shall speak ot one case which
presents the hardship and outrage of this doc-
trine in such a light thai no Senator can listen
to it with Approval. The second section of
this act of 1851 provides ;
"That if any shipper or shippers of platina, gold,
gold dust, silver, bullion, or other previous metals,
coins, jewelry, bills of any bank or public body,
diamonds or other precious stones, shall l<ide the
same on board of any ship or vessel without, ut the
time of such lading, giving to the m:ister, agent,
owner or owners of the shin or vessel leceiving the
same a note m writing of the true character and
value thereof, and have the same entered on the
bill of lading therefor, the master and owner or
owners of the said vessel shall not be liable, as ear-
ners thereof, iu any form or manner—"
That covers the gold sovereigns of every
immigrant who goes from the East to the
West —
"Norshall any such master or owners be liable
for any such valuable goods beyond the value and
according to the character thereof so notified and
entered."
1 read further:
"Skc. 3. And be it further enacted, That the liabil-
ity of the owner or owners ot auy ship or vessel for
any embezzlement, loss, or destruction by the mas-
ter, officers, nniruiers, passengers, or any other per-
son or persorn, of any property, goods, or merchan-
dise, shipped or putou board  f ! ucii ship or vosel,
or for any loss, dauaago, or injury by collision "—
Now I ask the altteution of the Senator from
Wisconsin—
"or for nny act, matter or thing, loss, damage, or
forfeiture, done, occasioned, or incurred, without
the privity or knowledge of such owner or owners,
shall in no cane exceed ihe amount or value of the
interest of such  wner or owners respectively in
such ship or vessel, aud hor freight thou ponding."
Why should that, be anymore than in the
case of a railroad company ? Why is it that if
a railroad company loses or bums your b ig-
gage or your freight, or breaks your limbs,
you may recover without restriction as to lia-
bility, save only that some of the S'a'es have
s.id that iu case of death there shall be a
maximum of recovery, and yet we find here a
provision that no man shall be bold responsi
ble except, for the amount that he owns in the
ve-sel? There are other provisions of like
tendency which I do not stop now to rend.
The Senator from Wisconsinasks me whether
the court held that under this provision the
carelessness of agems did not implcate the
owners. A short time ago on one of the ves-
sels covered by the act ot 1851 there shipped
a man and bus wife aud several children. Not
by an explosion of the boiler, not by thepres
eneo of anv patent appliances, but by the
grossest negligence iu the management of the
fires aud the Kaleguards against tires, the boat
bunted ami sank. This man's wife was buried
in a watery giave, and his children also, and
everything he possessed was lost, including
Ins earnings and savings in gold sovereigns,
these latter being covered specially by one
section, so that the company were not liable
for them in any event. A ca^e of negligence
was proved so clear as to satisfy jury ami by-
standers. The delense was the act ot 1851.
At nisi prius the court refused to rule that
the statute could work such wrong as to defeat
the plainulf. An appeal was taken, and there
lies before ine an opinion written by Judge
Talcoit, one of the aolest men on the Ameri-
can bench, and that opinion, is among other
things to this effect: there can be no recovery
for injury to person or baggage by tire on
steamboats without actual negligence in the
construction, or else actual negligence in the
equipment,, or else actual negligence in the
selection of the men who run the vessel.
Mr. THURMAN. What case is that?
Mr. CONKLING. I will hand it to my
friend. it establishes a rule which never
obtained at common law in favor of common
carriers of passengers or goods by steam.
Under this statute the court decided in effect
that no passenger can recover in any case of
negligence, howevergrocs, unless he cau show
actual negligence in the owners; that is, neg-
ligence iu the construction ot the vessel ori-
ginally, or else negligence in the equipment
of the vessel; that is to say, in the seicetiuu of
her tackle, apparel, and furniture; or else neg-
ligence in selecting drunken men or unskilled
men, or unlit men, to manage or navigate the
craft, if owners do these things and you cau
show it, you may recover, but not otherwise.
Such a statute is a crime against the com-
mon law, a license for recklessness, a wrong
done the community.
Think of it. There were those who stepped
on board the Westtield one bright summer
morning, and who in a moment were sent into
eternity. They are not here to be heard, nor
are the men, women, and children who go on
ferry-boats and steamboats here to be heard.
You do not meet them here; they do not
swarm iu the lobbies and talk about "tue
steamboat bill." People stepping upon a
ferry-boat or steamboat, and iindmg theiea
mau who tries experiments with his boiler,
and whose boiler has no tell-tale, no register-
ing-gauge, (which 1 am going to insist is the
omy patented contrivance iu the act of 1871
discarded by this bill,) no registei ing-gU'ige,
no tell-tale to tell how much steam as a
gas* meter tells how much g<«s has acted upon
it; such bemtf the circumstances, a fearful
Caiastiophe takes place, lives and limbs are
lost, in such a case the carelessness of the
irusted agent is the true ground of action,
but the act of 1851 prevents a recovery from
any party covered by it. Even if the machinery
was imperfect how can the passenger prove or
know it? Yet the act of 1851 puts the bur-
den of proof on the passenger. However,
the fact, you could not prove the vessel iu its
oiiginal construction was detective ; you could
not prove that iis equipment was defective;
you could not prove that it was detectively
mantled, unless you could show that the en-
gineer was an unfit person and known to be
such, because the court will charge unrormly
that if you show an engineer or a brakes-
man or switch-tender was drunk you cannot
recover even then unless you show iu some
way that he was an unlit person lor the com-
pauy to employ, and that tuey knew it, or else
th*t th'*y were guilty of negligence in their
mode of selectiug him and took no means of
precaution.
Suppose the Epsilon, whose deck became a
grave the other day, in place of being a boat
had been a locomotive engine running on a
railroad, and an explosion had taken plice,
and people had been injured, what would the
law f-ay ? 'J hat those who seek to recover
damages must prove just two things; fiist,
that they bought a ticket and sat down in the
train ; and, second, that the accident happened.
These two things being proved, the cause of
action is complete; that instant the onus is
shifted to the defendant, and he must show, in
order to defend himself, that the accident
occurred not by the negligence ot his agent,
for that would prove over again the case
against him ; he must prove that it occurred
from some cause winch no skill, care, or lore-
sight in the owner or agent could preveut.
That all the cases say.
Mr. NORWOOD. I should like to ask the
Senator from New York if he kuows in point
of fact what was the ground upon which the
recovery was had in the case of the owners of
the Westtield? I believe it is stated in the
public prints that a recovery has been had
against the owners of the Westfield.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 cannot tell ray friend,
if he wants the information for any exact use,
because 1 am not sufficiently informed about
it. 1 will tell him as far as 1 know.
Mr. NORWOOD. I just wanted it for
information to apply to the Senator's argu-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING-. I shall be happy to give
the Senator ail the information I have. Ihe
Westfield, 1 hear, under some convenient pro-
visions, will find iis best defense on the failure
or success of the execution, perhaps if one.
