726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 243) for the
apportionment of Representatives to Congress
among the several States according to the
ninth census.
CRIMINAL PRACTICE.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 468, to which I imagine there
will be no objection. It is a bill to regulate
cnminalpraeticein the Federal courts, reported
by the Judiciary Committee. I presume it will
give rise to no discussion, and will meet with
no opposition. I move that it be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 408) to regulate crim-
inal practice in the Federal courts.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with amendments. The amendments
were in lines five and six to strike out the
words "within the limits of any State, Terri-
tory, or District.1' and in lines seven, eight,
and nine to strike out the words !'no per-
emptory or final judgment in the cause shall
be rendered thereupon, but only a judgment
of respondeat ouster,'' and to insert in lieu
thereof "The judgment, thereon shall be
respondeat ouster; but this net shall not have
the effect to entule the defendant to a continu-
ance of the cause beyond the term at which
such demurrer shall be overruled;" so that
the bill will read:
Be it en acted, &c.. That in every case where a
demurrer is interposed to an indictment, or to any
count, or counts thereof, or to any information in
any court of the United Static, the judgment there-
upon shall be respondeat rbut t.tiis net shall
not have the effect to entitlo the defendant to acon-
tinus] ncc of the eauso beyond ' h'j term at which such
demurrer shall bo overruled.
Mr. WIUGIIT. 1 understand this bill was
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary,
and I should like to make an inquiry of the
chairman of the committee in regard to it. 1
have no doubt it is all right, but I should be
very glad to have him explain the reason for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The object of the bill
is simply to prevent, a final judgment being
entered up where a party demurs to an indict-
ment or some of the countsof the indictment,,
without allowing the case to go to trial. It,
was brought, to the notice of the committee
that there were eases where the court, if a
demurrer was interposed to an indictment,
entered up filial judgment without giving the
party an opportunity to plead and go to trial.
Mr. WIUGIIT. Entered up judgment
against, the defendant,?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Entered up judgment
against the defendant. That is tile whole
object of the bill.
The VIC 15 PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments reported by the committee will be re-
garded as agreed to if there be no objection,
and the bill is open to further amendment.
Mr. Ti 1URM A N. 1 will state to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that the amendments simply
strike out superfluous words. Tim effect of
the bill when amended is precisely the same
as before, except that some superfluous words
are stricken out of'the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There can be no objection
to the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill wasordeied to be engrossed ) >r a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
political disabilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the amnesty bill ia
before the Senate, being the hill (H. R. No.
380) for the removal of political and legal dis-
abilities imposed by the third section of the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Robertson,] to post-
pone the present and all other orders for the
purpose of considering another amnesty bill
received at a later day from the House of
Representatives. A division of the motion
has been demanded, and the first question
will be on the postponement.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know
of the Senator, what is the object of taking up
one bill rather than another. It seems to me
a strange proceeding, unless he has some secret
about it that I do not understand. I should
like to know what advantage can be gained
by taking up one bill rather than the other,
because if we take up the last bill that came
to us it is subject to the same amendments,
the same delay, and the same debate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will reply to the
honorable Senator's question by stating that
the bills are somewhat different. The last bill
is somewhat more liberal than the first. That
is my reason.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend from
South Carolina why he does not propose to
amend tbis bill, as we have it in hand, to make
it conform to what he wishes it to be?
Mr. ROBERTSON. The other bill is un-
amended and it suits my views better than the
first bill. However, 1 shall cheerfully acqui-
esce in the sense of the Senate. I wish to get
the sense of the Senate upon that matter, as to
which bill they prefer.
Mr. CHANDLER addressed the Senate.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix. ]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from South Carolina, to
postpone the further consideration of this bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The object of this
motion is to see which bill the Senate prefer,
whether they prefer to continue the considera
tion of and to pass House bill No. 380, which
has been under consideration, or the last bill
which came from the House. I make this
motion with the understanding that if it is
carried we shall take up the bill which last
came from the House. On this question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays have already been ordered.
ilr. ROBERTSON. Very well.
Mr. SCJMNER. Mr. President, before this
debate closes it seems to me I shall be justi-
fied in a brief reply to the most extraordinary,
almost eccentric, argument by my excellent
friend, the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mor-
hijjl. J He argued against the constitutionality
of the pending amendment; you all remember
with how much ingenuity and earnestness. I
shall not follow him in the details of that
speech. 1 shall deal with it somewhat in the
general, and part of the time I shall allow
another to speak for me.
But before 1 come upon that branch of the
case I feel that in justice to our colored fellow-
citizens I ou! ht, to see that they have a hear-
ing on this floor. Senators whom they helped
elect have shown no zeal for their rights. Sir,
they have a title tobeheard themselves. They
are able; they can speak for themselves; but
they are not here to speak. Therefore they can
only be heard through their communications.
1 have here one that I have received from a
member of the Virginia house of delegates.
It, caine to my hands yesterday, and is dated
" Richmond, January 29, 1872." I wish the
Senate would hear what this member of the Vir-
ginia hruse says on the pending amendment:
Hall of the House op Delegates,
Richmond, Virginia, January 29,1872.
Dear Sir: No doubt you are pressed almost to
death with petitions, all hoping to aid in the passage
of your "bill of justice."
I wish that I could say to you that I am an honor-
able member of this body. I cannot—only an ostra-
cised one.
I could get thousands of signatures and petitions
for the support of the supplementary civil rights
bill had I the time to go to my constituents. We
all want it to pass. We need it. Our success rests
upon the passage of it. We understand about social
equality; it is not that we want. We want our com-
mon rights, like all men.
Here in Richmond we are proscribed on all sides.
A colored Senator and myself were prevented from
going to look at a deceased Catholic bishop, while
lying in state, by a policeman, on account of our
oolor. We can rido only in certain street cars,
and they are more or less filled with whites. Wo
cannot go in a decent place at the theater. We could
not go to Theodore Thomas' concert, because there
was no separate place in the halt for "niggers."
We, the representatives, sir, of thousands, feel this
very keenly, and some of us, although in our native
State, have seen better days in Massachusetts.
We all. sir, the whole colored population of Vir-
ginia, make this appeal through you to a generous
Senate, and pray for the sake of humanity, justice,
and all that is good and great, that equal common
rights may be bestowed to a grateful and loyal peo-
ple before disabilities shall have been stricken from
those who struck at the very heartstrings of the
Government.
Yours, very respectfully, &c.,
R.G. L. PATGE, _
Member Uouie of Delegates of Virginia.
Senator Sumner.
Can any Senator listen to that appeal and
not feel that this Virginian begins to answer
the Senator from Maine ? He shows an abuse;
he testifies to grievance. Sir, that is the begin-
ning of the argument. My friend seemed
almost to ignore it. Ho could not see the
abuse; he did not recognize the grievance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
does not mean to do me any injustice, I sup-
pose, or misrepresent me.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I know he is
not given to that; but certainly he misrepre-
sents me when he says that 1 did not see the
grievance and did not recognize the difficulty
to which he refers. I certainly did see it, and
I certainly recognize it. The only differenco
between the Senator and myself, so far as the
argument is concerned, is one simply of power.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall come to that. But
first is the poiut whether the enalor recog-
nizes the grievance ; and here let me tell my
excellent friend that did he see the grievance
as this colored citizen sees it, did he feel it as
this colored citizen feels it. Sir, did he simply
see it as 1 see it, he would find power enough
in the Constitution to apply the remedy. I
know the generous heart of the Senator, and I
know that he could not hesitate did he really
see this great grievance. He does not see it
in its proportions. He does not see how in
its real character it is such that it can be dealt
with only by the national power. I drive that
home to the Senator. It is the beginning
of the argument in reply to him that the
grievance is such that it can be dealt with ade-
quately only by Congress. Any other models
inefficient, inadequate, absurd. I begin, there-
fore, by placing the Senator in that position.
Unhappily he does not see the grievance. He
has no conception of its vastness extending
everywhere, with ramifications in every State,
yet requiring one uniform remedy which, from
the nature of the case, can be supplied only by
the nation.
And now I come to the question of power;
and here I must allow a colored fellow-citizen
to be heard in reply to the Senator. I have a
letter from E. A. Fulton, of Arkansas, now
on a visit at Washington, dated January 30,
1872, as follows:
Hon. Charles Sumner, United States Senate:
Dear Sir : I am a colored mau, resident of the
State of Arkansas.
I have seen and experienced much of the disabili-
ties which rest upon my race and people from the
mere accident of color. Grateful to (Jod and the
Republicans of this country for our emancipation
and the recognition of our citizenship, I am never-
theless deeply impressed with the necessity for fur-
ther legislation in order for the perfection of our
rights as American citizens.
This colored citizen is impressed, as the Sen-
ator is not, with the necessity of further legis-
lation for the perfection of his rights as an
American citizen. He goes on:
l am also thoroughly persuaded that this needed
legislation should come from the national Con-
gress.
He begins his reply to my friend:
Local or State legislation will necessarily be par-
tial and vacillating. Besides, our experience is to
the effect that the local State governments are
unreliable for the enforcement or execution of laws
for this purpose.
In Arkansas, for example, a statute was enacted
