2518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17*
registers in bankruptcy on the nomination of the
Chief Justice; and scores of similar limitations are
to be found scattered through the statutes. The test-
oath of 1862 in effcct restricts appointments to such
persons as have never been disloyal. The princi-
ple of such restrictions would authorize Congress to
reguire the appointees to be of a sufficiency ascer-
tained by a board ot examiners. And I consid-
ered that such a rule established by the President,
by authority of Congress, was as v.ilid as if directly
established by Congress. But I never thought that
the constitutional power of Congress was limited to
a portion of the appomtinK powers. The question
that. I was answering specially referred to heads of
Departments and courts of laws, and thercforo
my answer referred to them; bat I believe thatCon-
grcss can bind the President as well as them; always,
however, under the condition that there shall be
room for the exercise of the judgment and will of
the appointing power.
My sole purpose in writing is to right myself with
you.
Very respeotfully, &c.,
Hon. A ah ox 1'. Perry.
A. T. AKERMAN.
I state the result of it as agreeing with the
opinion that I indicated that Congress cannot
limit the power of the Executive to make ap-
pointments. The Attorney General supposed
we might so legislate as to limit the appoint-
ments within a whole class. I said nothing
on that subject, and I will say nothing on it
now farther than this: thatif the civil service
commissioners intend to limit that selection
to a class of three it is entirely too narrow to
constitute a class. But my theory is that it is
a question for the Executive. If he chooses to
have a commission who shall make investiga-
tions for him and report the result, he may
limit it to one or extend it to a thousand. The
responsibility is with him, the duty is with
him, and he must be responsible to us for it
and to the country.
I forbore at thai, time, and I shall prefer to
forbear from any nice analysis or criticisms of
the methods proposed by the civil service
commission, simply because, in ray judgment,
we have nothing to do with that. It is purely
a matter for executive convenience and dis-
cretion. Acting, then, on that theory of the
Constitution, 1 have drafted a bill which i have
indicated the purpose to offer, and which {
now offer as a substitute for the bill offeied by
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Wiu.auij.j
And it differs from that substantially in two
particulars. One is, that his bill limits its
action to members of Congress alone. Mine
extends lo all Federal officers alike, to the
judiciary as well as to Congress, and to all
Federal officers whatever; and it, puts the
same prohibition upon all it puis upon any.
What, is the prohibition I propose'/ It is
not to prohibit tree communications between
members ot Congress or other Federal officers
and the Departments. It, is not to render
those communications cumbrous and clumsy
by requiring them to be in writing. It leaves
all that as free as it is to-day ; but it prohibits
the procurement and solicitation of appoint-
ments. It draws a line ot distinction where
every gentleman in this House is able to draw
it with perfect clearness, where every lawyer
iu the land draws it daily in his practice, it is
the difference between giving an honest and
impartial opinion concerning a man's rights
and of his relations, and procuring or soliciting
liim to raise litigation with his neighbor. It
loaves members of Congress on the same foot-
ing precisely in that respect as private citi-
zens, with this one exception : they have been
clothed with official power, a kind of trustee-
ship. Where gentlemen say that we are more
fit than others to select persons for offices in our
districts, it may in one sense be true. If we
can disburden ourselves of the tendency to
abuse that, power, we are the most fit; but
if the idea that our influence in procuring
appointments, in soliciting appointments, is
to fasten us upon the party and the party upon
the country, we become biased judges, unfit
trustees. Mich as would not be trusted by any
court with the administration of a tiust It'
we free ourselves from that temptation, that
bias,  e are good judges; but no man is a I
good judge iu his own case, I do not set my- |
self up above my associates on this floor. I
am conscious of au infirmity, and I should be
one of the weakest men upon this floor from
that infirmity.
I love my friends. I make an enormous
distinction between the man who is my friend
and the man who is my enemy. I pretend to
nothing else, and if this power is left in my
hands to be used for personal and party pur-
poses, I am sure that I will use it for my
friends. But, if we can use it for higher pur-
poses, as I think we ought, with benefit to
ourselves and to the party both, and to the
country still more; if we can do that, I should
like to join heartily in a manly and dignified
effort to do it.
The bill then prohibits nothing; it embar-
rasses nothing; it leaves our actions as free
as air, but it, does prohibit us from soliciting,
from procuring, from groveling to the execu-
tive power, and putting ourselves iu attitudes
to receive and to give favors. It proposes
that we shall voluntarily take the higher plat-
form of a trust, and endeavor like men to ad-
minister it, and there it proposes to stop. It
is highly respectful to Congress, for it pro-
poses to legislate as for men of character, for
public officers, and not for criminals.
I may be told that this is a shadowy dis-
tinction that can be easily transgressed. I
know it. But we are dealing here with public
officers, and it" we agree to throw off this
gigantic abuse, which has been growing up
tor forty years, 1 think we will stand to it.
But lest there might be some gentleman who
will seek an unfair advantage by violating the
agreement, a clause has been added inflicting
a penalty which probably never will be called
into action, and that is the whole of my bill.
If the Senate would join in such a bill as
that we should have ended this eight years'
theme, and have ended it to the great satis-
faction and benefit of the country. And here,
Mr. Speaker, those who wish to do something
and those who wish to do nothing separate.
Among those who wish to do something is
almost an endless variety of opinion as to what
they are disposed to do. We have propositions
to change the Constitution, by making post-
masters and other local Federal officers elect-
ive, which would be a vast change in the whole
balance and structure of the Government. For
the present my idea is to try this simple remedy
first. It wrenches nothing. It doe3 not dis-
turb the balance of the Constitution. It shakes
nothing. Let us then try this simple remedy,
and, if it works, the whole object is achieved.
If it will not work, let us then try something
else that will.
Mr. Speaker, there has been so much said
in this House about the impracticableness and
absurdity of an effort to subject candidates for
office to some kind of examination, and those
who have spoken in favor of reform have been
compelled by the situation they were placed
in so to avoid the subject, that, I desire now
for one moment to allude to it. When a Pres-
ident of the United States is elected, and
especially if there is a change of party, there
aie three thousand senatorial appointments
to be made. The rule is, that with every
change of party the whole of these three thou
sand officers shall be changed. Every week's
delay is looked upon as a cause of grievance.
That change alone compels the President to
make an average of ten appointments every
working day during the year. If he considers
them at all, if he does anything which would
be a fulfillment, of his office in regard to these
appointments, he can do nothing else. It is
substantially the abolition of the office of
President except for the purpose of making
appointments.
There are something like fifty thousand
smaller offices of a Federal character, which,
divided among the members of' the Cabinet.,
require each member of the Cabinet to make
twenty changes a day for every working day j
during the first year of the administration, j
What else can they do? But if they do this
how can they attend to the business of the
Government, which is more important than
filling offices, however important these may
be to their political friends and to those whose
fortunes are at stake? It is not that I under-
value office. The little man is as much enti-
tled to his little office as the great man to his
great office. And he ought not to be com-
pelled to go down upon his knees to a man
only one cubit higher than he is, and acknowl-
edge it to him as an obligation. If he is enti-
tled to the office, if his character and services
entitled him to it. I would be ashamed to allow
such a man, frequently among the valuable
men of the neighborhood, to crawl in the dust
to me begging for my patronage, to give him
an office which he ought to have without my
aid. It is not to take away the office from the
man who deserves it, but it is that the man
who does deserve it should have it.
Now, it seems to me inquiry should be made
by some officer, or some person, as to the fit-
ness of the applicant for an office. I appre-
hend nobody will question that. How is that
inquiry to be made? I have shown that the
President cannot make it if he does anything
else. 1 have shown that the members of the
Cabinet cannot make it if they attend to their
other business. Who then can make it ? They
say that members of Congress can make it.
The complaint is that they do not make it for
public advantage, butfortheir own advantage.
The trouble is that a man's good or ill fortune
in regard to public life is made to turn on the
whirling of the feather of some official caprice,
and not at all upon the merits of the applicant.
I say, then, that as for the division between
executive and legislative labors, it is not my
business, but it is the Executive's business to
determine how it shall be done. It is for the
exercise of the executive discretion to adopt
some method of inquiry into the character and
qualifications of the men who are applicants
for offices.
Now, a great deal has been said about the
absurdity of a scholastic examination. Let
me call the attention of the House for a mo-
ment to the scholasticism proposed by these
rules. The first rule limits appointments to
persons who have furnished satisfactory evi-
dence in regard to health, character, and age,
and who shall have passed a satisfactory ex-
amination in speaking, reading, and writing
the English language ; that means, I take it,
satisfactory with reference to the office. The
applicant for an examination for porter or
clerk would not require the same qualifica-
tions that would be satisfactory at an exam-
ination for a minister plenipotentiary or other
high officer. They must have passed an ex-
amination for the particular office for which
they apply, a satisfactory examination, and
that is all.
Now, what else is there here that, is scho-
lastic? In the third rule, which is the only
other in allusion to that subject, the only re-
quirement that is made at all is that he must
in the first place prove his character and pass
a satisfactory examination in speaking and
writing the English language. Then what else ?
Who shall have passed a public examination
to test his knowledge and ability and special
qualifications for the discharge of the duties
ot the office ; not an examination in astron-
omy and conic sections, but to test his quali-
fications for the duties of the office.
Now, when gentlemen rise hereon this floor
and tell me that is absurd, why, I bow to them
with politeness, but, I wish that they will con-
sider tin; question from me with equal polite-
ness. Are there two hundred and forty-three
men m this House or in any other House, or
in any other part of the country, or in the
whole country, who by their certificates can
make the public believe that it is absurd?
What is the use of treating a thing like that as
an absurdity, when every man knows that it
is not absurd? If they have arguments, let
