1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1823
merchants and citizens of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania. in favor of reducing the tariff to a
strictly revenue basis.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of Joseph
Nock, asking Congress to restore the sixth
section of the act of August 29, 1842, or enact
some equivalent thereto, and also to pass a
bill granting him, as partial compensation for
the use by the Government of the United
States of his patent inkstands during the last
seventeen years, and for the loss, injury, and
suffering caused him by the repeal of said
sixth section, the sum of $100,000.
Also, the remonstrance of 104 printers, type-
founders, binders, gold-beaters, and paper-
makers, against the passage of an international
copyright law.
By Mr. KERR: The petition of Bela C.
Kent, Simon Ileiley, R. P. Main, and 16
others, citizens of New Albany, Indiana, for
a uniform tax on tobacco.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of J. H. Ford
and others, for an act of Congress granting a
land warrant for one hundred and sixty acres
of land to each officer and soldier of the Gov-
ernment in the late war.
By Mr. MANSON": The petition of John
EL Fenee, John Stout, George N. Brown, M.
L. Halcom, Michael Daily, James Hollen,
George Tates, and 135 others, of Somerset,
Kentucky, all soldiers in the late war to sup-
press the rebellion, praying the speedy enact-
ment by Congress of House bill No. 452, intro-
duced by Mr. Mansojt, to grant bounty lands
to soldiers who served in said war, and to the
widows and children of such as have died.
By Mi*. McCRARY : The petition of Charles
Doerr, John Van Volkenburg, J. C. Walker,
and others, citizens of Fort Madison, Iowa,
praying the passage of a bill to provide for
bridging the Mississippi river at that place.
By Air. B. F. MEYERS: A petition of
70 citizens of Lancaster county, Pennsylva-
nia, against a protective tariff and in favor of
a tariff for revenue only, so framed as to col-
lect the needed sum with the least cost to the
people as a whole, and praying especially that
the determination of Congress to abolish du-
ties known to be for protection (so called) and
not for revenue may be shown by the imme-
diate repeal of duties upon salt, coal, and pig
iron.
Also, the petition of D. B. Vondersmith,
late captain of company C, twenty-first Penn-
sylvania cavalry, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. PERRY, of New York: A petition
of 1.600 citizens of Albany, New York, pray-
ing that salaries of letter-carriers be increased
to $1,200 a year.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of Thomas
J. Stewart and others, ship-owners of Maine,
for a light-house on Block Island, Long
Island sound.
By Mr. POLAND: The protest of Mrs.
Clara A. Wilcox and other women, of Iowa,
against the extension of the right of suffrage
to women.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of George
E. Hoskinson and D. J. Follett, asking for
the removal of the tariff on type, and that the
same be placed on the free list.
By Mr. SEELY: The petition of citizens
of Cayuga county, New York, to continue the
duty on salt.
Also, the petition of citizens of Seneca
county, New York, to repeal the duty on salt
and pig iron.
By Mr. SLOSS: The petitions of Messrs.
White & White, publishers of the Moulton
(Alabama) Advertiser, and T. H. Caruthors
& Co., publishers of the North Alabamian and
Times, of Tuscumbia, Alabama, asking the
passage of the bill introduced on the 29th day
of January, 1872, by Hon. Daniel W. Voor-
hf.es, for placing type on the free list.
By Mr. SPEER,"of Georgia: The petition
of Charles Knight, of Lowndes county, Geor-
gia, asking the removal of his political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of Abi-
gail F. Barton, widow of a soldier of the war
of 1811, for pension.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York: The
petition of 36 merchants of the city of Buffalo,
New York, and vicinity, in favor of a modifica-
tion of the tariff on sugar by establishing a
specific and uniform rate of duty on same.
Also, a petition of 20 masters and owners
of vessels trading to Escanaba, asking for an
appropriation sufficient to establish a light on
Poverty Island at the entrance to Green Bay.
post route bill introduced.
The following bill was introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. McCLELLAND : A bill to establish
a post route from New Brighton, via Brush
Creek, to Barrisville, Pennsylvania.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 13, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bills referred.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives yesterday, were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 757) to carry into effect
the fourth article of the treaty of February 23,
1867, with the Seneca, Shawnee, Quapaw, and
other Indians—to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 1930) relating to pro-
posals and contracts for transportation of the
mails, and for other purposes—to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 1936) for the relief of
Herman Raster, collector of internal revenue
for the first district of Illinois—to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents resolutions of the board of supervisors
of the city and county of San Francisco, in
regard to an effort now being made to grant
possession of the YerbaBuena or Goat Island,
in the bay of San Francisco, to the Central
Pacific Railroad Company. As that.bill has
not yet passed the House of Representatives,
the-resolutions will be laid upon the table, and
if the Senator from California desires to have
them printed in the Globe he can ask for it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have them
printed in the Globe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, these resolutions will be printed in
the Globe, as they relate to a matter of national
concern.
The resolutions are as follows:
San Fkaxcisco, California,
March 11, 1872.
To the Vice President, and the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States in Congress
assembled .*
The following resolutions were adopted at a meet-
ing of the board of supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, held on the 11th
instant:
Whereas an effort is now being made to grant pos-
session of Yerba Buena or Goat Island, iu the bay
of San Francisco, to the Central Pacific Railroad
Company; and whereas we are profoundly con-
vinced that such a concession by the United States
Government would cause serious and permanent
injury not only to the interests of this city and
county, which represents nearly one half of the tax-
able property and one fourth of the population of
the State of California, but also to the commercial
interests of this State, and of the whole Pacific coast;
and whereas prominent scientific officers of the Uni-
ted States corps of engineers and the United States
Coast Survey have officially reported condemning
the project of constructing a wharf-bridge or other
obstruction from the Oakland or Alameda shore to
said island, as tending so to opera te upon the tidal
currents of the bay as to lead to the formation of
shoals, and eventually result in the shoaling of the
waters on the bar at the mouth of the harbor*to an
extent that would rend er the harbor inaccessible to
deep draught vessels: Therefore.
Resolved, That this board regardsthe preservation
of the harbor of San Francisco as vital to the wel-
fare of this city, the State of California, the United
States, and to the cause of commerce at large: and
that it is the duty ot this city to preserve to the
commerce of the world this the one safe and com-
modious harbor in a distance of about thirteen hun-
dred miles of American sea-coast on the Pacific
ocean, extending from San Diego to Puget sound.
Resolved, That in the name of commerce, trade*
and civilization, this board does respectfully and
earnestly protest against any action on the part of
the Congress of the United States which threatens
to impair the usefulness of the bay and harbor of
San Francisco.
Resolved, That our Senators and Representatives in
the Congress of the United States be, and are hereby,
respectfully requested to oppose the passage of any
act having in view the granting of either perma-
nent or temporary possession of Yerba Buena or
Goat Island, or any part thereof, to any corpora-
tion or corporations for terminal or any other pur-
poses, as the interests of the port of San Francisco.
State of California, and the entire Pacific coast will
. suffer thereby, not only from the impending dangers
! and damage as above recited, but our commercial
trade will also be restricted and paralyzed by
placing a monopoly of commercial facilities in the
hands of a single corporation or a few individuals.
Resolved, That the clerk of this board is hereby
authorized and instructed to telegraph these resolu-
tion forthwith to the President and Vice President
of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of
Representatives, and to our several Senators and
Congressmen at Washington city, as respectfully
expressing the views and wishes of the great major-
ity of the tax-paying citizens of California,
JJSTO- A. RUSSELL, Cl#k.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Ellen Barrigan, widow of Kerau Berrigan, late
private in company D, second regiment Mas-
sachusetts volunteers, praying the enactment
of a law granting her a pension, and also back
pay and bounty due her husband $ which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a memorial
of citizens of Connecticut, praying indemnifi-
cation for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1801; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented the memorial
of United States district judge for the distrct
of Nebraska, asking increased mileage to wit-
nesses and jurors attending United States
court; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the memorial of
Mrs. E. R. Ames and three hundred andninety-
six other women, three hundred and fifty-seven
of whom sign themselves as workiugwomen,
of Philadelphia, protesting against an extension
of suffrage to women. I move its reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of
David S. Walker, of Leon county, Florida,
praying the removal of his political disabilities $
which was referred to the select Committee'
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. BLAIR presented a letter of Robert A.
Hatcher, of New Madrid, Missouri, in relation-
to the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Daniel Sullivan, of the District of Columbia,
praying for an inci ease of pension ; which was-
refc rred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COLE. I present a protest of the board,
of supervisors of the city and county of Sau
Francisco, relating to the same subject as the
memorial that was sent here of that city, to
wit, the cession of Goat Island to the Central,
Pacific Railroad Company, which I a*k may
be printed and lie on the table, as the matter,
is not now before this body, and the protest is
addressed to this body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
seated a similar series of resolutions, sent to
him, at the opening of the session, and they
were or dered to be printed in the Globe at the
suggestion of the Senator's colleague.
Mr. COLE. Then I withdraw this paper.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
grocers of Quincy, Illinois, praying that if the
duties be taken off tea and coffee, the law
shall not take effect for at least ninety
