1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251#
thorn bring forward their arguments. I, for one,
would be glad to listen to them, and be glad
to be convinced ; but when they come here and
talk about examinations in astronomy and
conic sections, and hold this examination out.
as an absurd scholasticism required by the
rules, I ask again if they have the faintest
idea that we two hundred and forty-three men
here altogether could make the country believe
a word ot' it?
Now, the rules published this morning do not
extend, as I understand them, the scholastic
qualifications required; they simply require
that at the examination as to proficiency in the
English language, satisfactory evidence on
that branch shall be furnished in writing, and
that is ail, absolutely all of the scholasticism
that gentiemen have labored so much to make
appear ridiculous in this system of rules.
I have said that it is not for me to defend
or pass encomiums upon these rules. As a
whole, I do not agree to them. There are
several particulars m which, as a whole, if I
were called upon to pass judgment upon them,
I should change them. Bat the idea ot an
examination is not an absurd idea. It is not
absurd for gentlemen proposing a system of
rules to propose the best rules they can think
of, and at the same time propose to make such
changes and modifications from time to time
as may be found expedient. And when gen-
tlemen riseon this floor and attempt to "pooh-
pooh" a thing of this sort out of public opin-
ion, they had better be confident of their
power, or their "pooh-pooh " will turn back-
wards and fall in different places from what
they intended.
Mr. SAltGENT. Will the gentleman yield
to me for two or three minutes while 1 call
his attention to some of the preliminary ob-
servations of the civil service commission, as
contained in their report, and which go to the
extent to which these rules are to be applied
by these examining boards ?
Mr. PEKKY, of Ohio. I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. SARGENT. Of course these rules arc
to be interpreted by the glossary or introduc-
tion to them. Now, let me read from page PI
of the pamphlet from which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Perry] has cited, and which
contains the preliminary remarks of the civil
service commission :
" If, by examination for admission to the civil ser-
vice, nothing were understood but a test of mere
literary proficiency, it might bo reasonably opposed
as unsatisfactory. For it is unquestionable that a
man might be an excellent appraiser of linen ana
yet know nothing of history or of accounts. Jjut.
on the other hand, it is equally undeniable that an
excellent appraiser of linen is not the less excellent
because ot geneial intelligence. Of two good ac-
countants the one who has the most general knowl-
edge is certainly preferable; and a country wnieii
declares that where technical skill is equal it will
select the candidate ior its service who is tnc better
educated, is a country which directly and pi actically
encourages intelligence and morality, it is true
that very distinguished men m the public servicc
might not iiave passed a certain iiteraiy examina-
tion which is now required of younger men entenng
tiio same service. But it is equally true that the
older men could have passed the examination had
it in theirease been required. And the piooi ia the
capacity of which their present distinction is the
0"dlTis8suggested, also, that a system ot examina-
tions would end in fillim,' the civil service exol a-
0ively with young men fresh from t^sac.id.en:lies.Mid
the colleges, or with persons who have ij-jed
' broken down' in someot the learned motion*.
This, again, arises from a total misconception ot tue
nature of a. proper examination.
Let us see if it does:
"If the post to be filled were, for instance, that
of the keeper of a light-house, the examination
would naturally have chief reference to the duties
of such a position, to habits of regularity, m mans
cases to familiarity with the sea, to general facult}
or "shiftiness," indispensable m such a post; in-
deed, to qualifications which cannot be presumed m
the fresh graduate of the academy or the college, oi
in those who have failed in all other pursuits, bo,
it it were a position requiring.technical knowledge,
oi une demanding moral qualities m a high degree,
or practical familiarity with men and aftaiis, the
hterary examination might be excel.ent, but „ue
snecial examination and the probation would po-
siblv ill the cases mentioned, not be satisfaetoij.
Yet' on the other hand, a system which, by requii-
ing impartial examinations in general and special
knowledge, should tempt young men fresh from their
studies"—
What are you going to do with the young
men uot u fresh from their studies?"—
"and with all the spirit of youth, to fill the posi-
tions in the public service for which they were qual-
ified, would be a great public benefit. It would be
the declaration that, as the country provides means
of instruction freely for all, and rests its hopes of
increasing greatness and glory upon the intelligence
of its citizens, an honorable position hi its civil ser-
vice should be the reward of fidelity and zeal m
study both in the common school and in the acad-
emy. It is true that it is not the purpose of a civil
service to educate the citizen, and that the duties
of those who hold itsoihees are not those of a school.
Bui the relation between ignorance and vice is so
close and familiar, that the wisdom and economy
of a policy which, by encouraging education, raises
the character and promotes the efficiency of the
public service, cannot be denied."
Now, this plainly says that if by this system
the " young men fresh from their studies" are
those that are preferred in the civil service,
that is not a misfortune for the country. On
the other hand, I contend that those young
men who have not had the advantage of these
higher schools, of this "scholasticism," as the
gentleman calls it, the self-made men who
have conquered their standing by fighting ad-
versity, who are entirely self-educated, it may
be are those who will perform the best service
for their country, and that the country will be
more poorly served when this true and tried
material is excluded to make room exclusively
for young men fresh from college, who are
likely to be best posted in the more general
branches of knowledge.
Mr. PERKY, of Ohio. That is a matter
of general opinion. The gentleman has re-
feired to the rules which have been adopted.
That enables me to say that among the very
valuable labors of Mr. Jenckes, late a mem-
ber of this House, and who is a prominent
mail in the history of this theme, lie ex-
hausted all his energies in tracing I he history
o! the public service in other countries, and
in endeavoring to apply to this country the
precise rules that they applied. _ And every-
body who has taken up this subject since has
seemed to fall into the theory of transferring
from the old countries to this country a sys-
tem matuied there and not applicable here.
They have not. put enough thought in it;
they have put in plenty of reading, but less
thought, as it appears to me. And these civil
civil service commissioners, while their report
is a highly intelligent document, and charac-
terized I have no doubt with the utmost purity
of motive and general good sense, have un-
questionably tinctured the report with this
traditional theory which comes down to us
from the civil service of other countries.
Bui bow much is this a fault alter all? This
is a country of public schools and of educa-
tion. Every intelligent man knows that with-
out the facilities for a public free education,
so that, every boy and every girl can have, free
as the air, as good an education as any one
needs for the purposes of life, our institutions
nevet can be maintained at ail, and might as
well be given up to begin with. _ _
What, then, shall be said int.he way of criti-
cism upon a series of rules adapted to such a
population, which simply require a satislactory
examination m the English language and in
the qualifications for the particular office? Mt.
Curtis, who wrote those rules and tlial^ report,
is a literary man of eminence, and it would
have required a struggle on his part to sup-
press his tastes and predispositions in that
direction, but when he comes to the rules by
which they are to be governed, there is abso-
lutely nothing which an American boy o( any
o-rade of life can object to.
° Gentlemen get up here and suppose the
case of a poor limping soldier who wants an
office, and is rejected in favor of some college
boy who want.;, it and can get it. Mr. Speaker,
those gentkmen would not be accented as the
advocates of the soldier ljots o. my section
of the country. All of them who would be
likely to have political friends to procure
office under the present dispensation could
pass as good an examination as those rules
require. Such cases are a pure fiction of
gentlemen not willing to meet the case.
Where public education is so much a matter
of public necessity and policy I do not hesi-
tate to say that if a boy born m this country
and under the shadow of our school-houses,
with every opportunity l'or an education, has
not. procured such education as he has been
invited to acquire, I would not hold him qual-
ified for an office; neither would you, gentle-
men. We may as well be candid about this
thing. It is a crime to neglect, the education
which is furnished fiee of cost to everybody,
and to expose our institutions from top to
foundation-stone to that gross, groveling igno-
rance which all our institutions are aiming to
dispel.
This subject, Mr. Speaker, is one that can
be ramified to any extent. 1 do not aim, and
never have aimed, at the character of an apos-
tle of anything. It is an accident that places
me in the attitude of urging upon my asso-
ciates here the importance of attending to this
reform. Why, sir, gentlemen get. up here and
denounce it as a "humbug;" and if their lan-
guage should be accurately reported it would
be understood in the country to signify that
this whole body for eight years has been en-
gaged m a system ot "humbug." that the
oo'dy at the other end ot the Capitol has been
engaged in a system of ''humbug." and that
the President, has been engaged in a system
of ''humbug." And gentlemen warn us
against tlie effects to be apprehended at the
Cincinnati convention. Sir, if the speeches
made here the other day on the appropriation
bill shall have been noticed at all, I dare
wager something that every one of them will
be read in that convention.
What is the a'titude in which gentlemen are
placing our President? He has apparently
caught at the idea of emancipating himself
from this enormous greed of office on the part
of political men. It is not in human nature that
he should not desire to emancipate himself
from it. But he came into this Government
when the Executive and Congress had been
engaged in a prolonged quarrel; and he found
at the very start that he must give thai, up or
that the quarrel must go on to the discredit of
the Government and to the disadvantage of
the country. He yielded the point, and by
that yielding, and allowing Congress to take
it up, it is now so well advanced that he this
morning announces to us a series of rules
experimental it is true, to be changed as they
maybe found defective, but a series of rules—
as admimstialive measures, which on this
great subject are to control the action of the
executive branches of the Government.
Now. I do not hesitate to say that without
distinction of party I believe the country will
hail that announcement by the President with
satisfaction; and unless tliey can be shaken in
their belief of his sincerity it will be found he
will have the approval of the jieople, and his
position will be a firm one. Unless those pro-
fessing to be his friends hold him out. to the
country as a hypocrite and a humbug, and go
before the people with a story of that kind,
the position ho holds is a tenable one.
One gentleman here has some plan by which
he thought he could "spit on au idea." bly
colleague from Ohio, [Mr. Gaiifikld,] the
chairman of the Committee oi^ Appropri-
ations, in repeating that expression, was as
prudent as usual, but from his phraseology I
understood him to indie te a doubt whether
an idea could be "spit on." Why, the idea
of spitting on an idea is by no means so in
credible as that we should have a dozen or
fifteen men in this House offering themselves
as the friends of the President and advocating
ins reeU-c'ion, and at the same time certifying
publicly tha' he is. acting as a hypocrite.
Mr. Speaker, I have no authority whatever
