1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727'
by the General Assembly of 1868 for the purpose of
securing the equal rights of colored persons upon
steamboats, railroads, and public thoroughfares
generally. The provisions of the statute were
deemed good, if not entirely sufficient; yet to the
present time gross indignities continuo to be per-
petrated upon colored travelers, men and women,
while those charged under oath to see the laws faith-
fully executed look on with seeming: heartless in-
difference, while tho law remains a dead letter on
the statute-book.
With a care and anxiety which one vitally inter-
ested alone can feel, I have examined and weighed
this subject.
Here, sir, he replies again to my friend. I
should like the Senator to notice the sentence
I have just read :
With a care and anxiety which one vitally inter-
ested alone can feel—
which, of course, my friend cannot feel, as ho
has not that vital interest—•
I have examined and weighed this subjoct.
What does he say ?
I am fully persuaded that nothing short of national
legislation and national authority lor its enforcement
will be found sufficient for the maintenance of our
God-given rights as men and women, citizons of this
great and free country.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As my honor-
able friend emphasizes that particular point,
will he be kind enough to say whether he
reads that letter as an authority showing that
Congress has the power to do what he asks,
or whether it is simply an individual opinion
that some such legislation is necessary?
Mr. SUMNER. I think ray friend must
know that I do not read this letter as an
authority as he uses the term. By and by I
shall came to the authority. 1 read it as the
opinion of a colored citizen 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As to the neces-
sity of legislation?
Mr. SUMNER. Who has felt the grievance
and testifies that the remedy can only be through
tho nation. There is where he differs from my
friend.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not stated
that. If the Senator chooses to make an issue
with me, I should like to have him make it on
the point. It is not necessary to read evidence
to me that the colored people think there ought
to be legislation by Congress. The question
between the Senator and myself is precisely
this: what is your authority ?
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; Iamcomingto
that. This is only the beginning.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. When you come
to that, and make an issue with me, 1 shall be
ready to answer.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 shall come to that in due
season and give to the Senator the opportunity
he desires. I shall speak to the question of
power. Meanwhile I proceed with the letter:
I have read with joy your recently presented sup-
plemental civil lights bill. It meets my hearty
approval. In tho name of God and down-trodden
humanity I pray you press its enactment to a suc-
cessful consummation.
Such a law, lirmly enforced, coupled with com-
plete amnesty—
You see the point. Mr. President—"coupled
with complete amnesty" —
for political offenses to those who onco held us in
bondage, will lurnish,as I believe, the only sound
basis of reconstruction and iceunciliation fur the
South. The colored people arc not opposed to am-
nesty to late rebels when that measure shall bo
coupled with a guarantee of all their rights to them,
thus securing in fact, as welt as in theory, for alt
men, " equality before the law.''
I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,
E. A. FULTON.
Now, my friend will not understand that I
exaggerate this letter. I do not adduce it as
authority, but simply as testimony, showing
what ail intelligentcolored fellow-citizen thinks
with regard to his rights on two important
points much debated : first as to the necessity
of remedy through the national Government,
and, secondly, as to the importance of uniting
this assurance of equal rights with amnesty,
bo that the two shall go together.
Before coming to the authority on which my
friend seems so anxious, I call attention to
another communication, from the president
of the Georgia Civil Rights Association, which
I think I ought to read to the Senate. It is
addressed to me officially; and if I do not read
it the Senate will not have the benefit of it.
There is no Senator from Georgia to speak for
the Civil Rights Association. I shall let them
speak by their president:
Augusta, Geokgia, January 2-f, 1872.
Hon. Charles Sumkeb.
Dear Sir: I thank you for the Globe and a copy
of the speech which you kindly sent me. I realize
more and more, every day. the nocessity of such a
measuro of justice as your "supplemental bill."
Avhen that becomes a law tho freedom of my race
will then bo complete.
I call attention to that point. "The freedom
of my race will then be complete." He re-
gards this law as essential to complete the
abolition of slavery, and I hope you will not
forget this judgment, because it will be im-
portant, at a later moment in vindicating tho
constitutional power of Congress. "When
that becomes a law the freedom of my race will
then be complete"—not before, not till then,
not till the passage of the supplemental civil
rights bill. Until then slavery still exists.
Such, sir, is the statement of one once a slave,
and who knows whereof he speaks; nor can it
bo doubted that he is right. He proceeds:
I cannot conceive how any Senator can hesitate
in the support of such a bill whilo zealously advo-
cating amnesty. We ask not that Congress should
attempt to legislate upon a subject that in anyway
changed the social status of the citizen, for tha tis a
matter that wiJi in tho very nature of things regu-
late itself according to the taste of individuals*;
but we aj-k that justice may bo done to us and that a
colored man shall not be made the subject of wrong
simply bccauso ho is coloicd.
I am not opposed to amnesty, but it is strango to
rco Senators after being elevated to power by col-
ored votes, cither directly or indirectly, prating
about tho disabilities imposed upon a few thousand
men that would displace thom to-day had they tho
power, willing to continuo disabilities, incurred by
no actof their own, upon millions of fellow-citizens
and sharers of a common destiny. Many of tho
Senators who are opposing this act. of justice to tho
eolored race, advocating amnesty, &c., have had no
companions, especially when seeking their present
positions, but colored men. Tho disabilities of their
iiiends they would continue and remove thosoof
their enemies. Tins is a strange position lor men
occupying tho most exalted station under our Gov-
ernment to assume.
Senators may assume to speak for colored men
ami claim that they arenotanxious to havo the rights
secured by your bill accorded to thom ; but you have
the support of the colored people, and I am satisfied
that more anxiety is leit lor the passage of your bill
than existed when the reconstruction acts weie pend-
ing botoro Congress.
ilow absurd it looks to colored men to hear
of Senators declaiming about "social equality" a
myth, when it is known that many of them have
known nothing but social ostracism for years. Tho
colored people by virtueof the ballot are a powerm
the South, and no southern Senator i3 insane enough
to expect the support of thoso ihey would amnesty,
and they certainly cannot reasonably oxpect our sup-
port when thoydeny to us justice.
No inoi e bitter disappointment will ever be felt
by the colored race than the defeat of your bill.
We ask it as a matter of right, we demand it of
those placed in power by our votes as a matter of
justice, and we appeal to some of those who pro-
fessed to be our friends when seeking office at our
hands, and not our enemies, to do for us what they
would do for their enemies —relievo us of our dis-
abilities.
No subsequent act of friendship will ever allay
the bitterness or hi-al the feeling that will be engen-
dered against southern Senators if they deny to us
such a law, and now is their opportunity to give to
the colored race the Magna Charta of our liberties.
I sincerely hope and pray that the bill may pass.
As ever, yours, gratefully,
JSDWTN BELCHER,
President Georgia Civil Rights A snociation.
This instructive letter is full of wise warn-
ing, to which wc cannot be indifferent, it is
testimony, but it is also an argument.
The testimony to the necessity of this meas-
ure comes not only from Georgia, but even
from Pennsylvania. I have in my hands an
article by Richard T. Greener, the principal
of the colored institute at Philadelphia, in
whicli he vindicates the pending bill. I shall
read but a brief passage, and simply in reply
to the Senator from Maine, on the question
of the necessity of congressional action. Mr.
Greener is no unworthy representative of his
race. He knows well how to vindicate their
rights. Here is what he says:
"Not three weeks ago the committee which
waited on the President from this city, in behalf
of Mr. Summer s bill, were refused accommodations
at the depot restaurant in Washington, and only
succcedcd in being entertained by insisting upon
just treatment. It has scarcely bocn tbree months
since tho secretary of the American legation at
Port-au-Prince. Rev. J. Theodoro Holly, with his
wifo and three children, wero refused a state-room
on the steamer iunning between New Haven and
Now York city."
Then he shows tho necessity :
* Should MinisterBassetthimself, indorsed by tha
Union League, return homo and arrive Jftto at night,
there are probably not two hotels, such as a gentle-
man of his station would wish to stop at, where he
could bo accommodated: not a theater or place of
amusement which ho could visit without insult or
degrading restrictions; not a chuich, except it be
a Quaker or Catholic one, where lie would not be
shown into the gallery, or else be made to feel
uncomfortable, so outrageousarethe current Amer-
ican ideas of common hospitality mid refinement;
so vindictive is this peisecur.ion of a humble class
. . , : , - ,— -     - persons,
the religion which tho latter preached a sham."
This same eloquent colored writer proceeds:
"Our former silence, our patient enduranco, has
been misconstrued. Wc were hopingthat an innate
sense of justice would do away with this senseless
prejudice. We havo hoped in vain, and now plainly
sco that nothing but agitation will obtain justice.
"Wc were patient in former days because wo had
no redress, not bccauso we wero satisfied. To-day
wo have tho ballot, and wo intend to use it as we
used our muskets in tho war, to obtain every civil
right which pei tains to any other citizen of this
country. Nothing less will satisfy us.
"From tho Democratic party, which has consist-
ently opposed us from emancipation to enfranchise-
ment. we expect and a&k nothing. Promthepseudo-
Repubhcans, who follow the victorious army for tho
spoils alone, wo would have nothing; but from tho
honorablo Republicans, who really believe in the
principles of tho party, wo demand tho passage of
Senator Sumnku's bill as a test of tho sincerity of
their intentions toward us.
"Wo have watched closely tho debates on this
measure, and understand, wo think rather clearly,
both tho parliamentary tactics by winch it will be
defeated, it* it be defeated, and tho eleventh-hour
support which some havo givon it."
Then be vindicates tho pending measure and
asks for a two-thirds vote:
"Tho supplementary bill ought to pass by a two-
thirds vote. If it passes by a simple majority, wo
shall, of course, bo satisfied, and understand tho
reason why. If Republican Senators, elected by
colored votes, give their influence and votes against
t his measure, it might be well for them to remember
that negroes, along with instinct, havo 'tcriiblo
memories'"
And now, sir, after these brief illustrations
where our colored fellow-citizens have spoken
for themselves, showing the necessity of legis-
lation by the nation, because only through the
nation can the remedy be applied, 1 come to
the precise argument of the Senator. lie asks
for the power. Why, sir, the Constitution is
full of power; it is overrunning with power. I
find it not in one place or in two places or three
places, but I find it almost everywhere, from
the preamble to the last line of the last amend-
ment. I find it in the original text and our
recent additions, again and again. I find it,
.still further, in that gt eat rule of interpretation
conquered at Appomattox, which, far beyond
the sunender of Lee, was of infinite importance
to this Republic. I say a new rule of inter-
pretation for the Constitution, according to
which, in every clause arid every line and
every word, it is to be interpreted uniformly*
for human rights. Before the rebellion the
rule was precisely opposite. The Constitution
was interpreted always, in every clause and
line and word, for human slavery. Thank
God, it is all changed now. There is another
rule, and the <.'onstitmion, from beginning to
end, speaks always for the rights ot man. That,
sir, is the new rule. That, sir, is the great vic-
tory of the war, for in that aie consummated all
the victories of many bloody fields ; not one vic-
tory or two, but the whole—flaming in tho>* 
principles of Liberty and Equality which are
now the best part of the Constitution.
My excellent friend from Maine takes no
notice of all this, lie goes back for his rule
to those unhappy day.* before the war. [I« 
makes that system of interpretation, born of
slavery, his guide. With such a guide how
can he arrive at any conclusion otherwise than
alien to human rights? He questions every-
