728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
thing; denies everything. He finds no power
for anything unless it be distinctly written in
positive ana precise words. He cannot read
between the lines; he cannot apply a generous
principle which will coordinate everything
there in harmony with the Declaration of
Independence.
When I allude to the Declaration I know
well the way with which such an allusion is
received on this floor. I have lived through a
period of history, and do not forget that I
here heard that great title-deed arraigned as
a "self-evident lie." There are Senators
now who, while hesitating to adopt that vulgar
extravagance of dissent, are willing to trifle
with it as a rule of interpretation. I am not
frightened, Sir, I insist that the Constitution
must bo interpreted by the Declaration. I
insist that the Declaration is of equal and
coordinate authority with the Constitution
itself. I know, sir, the ground on which I
stand. I need no volume of law, no dog-
eared book, no cases to sustain me. Every
lawyer is familiar with the great fundamental
beginning of the British constitution, Magna
Charla. But what is Magna Charta? Sim-
ply certain concessions wrung by barons of
England from an unwilling monarch ; not
an act of Parliament, nothing constitutional,
in our sense of the term ; simply a declaration
of rights; and such, sir, was the Declaration
of Independence. And now, sir, I am prepared
to insist that, whenever you are considering
the Constitution, so far as it concerns human
rights, you must bring it always to that great
touch stone; the two must go together, and
the Constitution can never be interpreted in
any way inconsistent with the Declaration.
Show m<- any words in the Constitution appli-
cable to human rights, and 1 invoke at once the
groat, truths of the Declaration as the abso-
lute guide in determining their meaning. Is
it a question of power? Then must every
word in the Constitution be interpreted so that
liberty and Kquality do not. fail.
My excellent fiiend from Maine takes no
notice of this. He goes back to the early days
when the Declaration was denounced as "a
self evident lie," and the Constitution was
interpreted always in the interest of slavery.
Sir, 1 object, to this rule. I protest against it,
with all my nund and heart, and soul. 1 insist
that just the opposite must prevail, and 1 start
111 the argument with this assumption. I shall
not, make a long argument, for the case does
not require it. i desire to be brief. You
know the amendment, being article thirteen:
Sicrnnx 1. Neither slavery nnr involuntary scr-
vihuU1, except Jisa punishment (or crime whereof
the p'irtv have been duly convicted, sha 11 exist
within the United States, or any place .subject to
their jhi wlietion.
2. (Jonpcress shallhnvopower to onforco this
article b> um>roi>nate legislation."
Here is an amendment abolishing slavery,
it abolish slavery half, threo quarters, or
•wholly ? Here \ 1 mow no lialf. no three quar-
ters ; I know nothing but the whole. And i say
tiie article abolishes slavery entirely, every-
where throughout this count i-y. It abolishes it
root, and branch. It abolishes it, in the general
and thepartienlnr. It abolishes it in length and
breadth and then in every detail. Am I wrong ?
Any other interpretation belittles the great
amendment, and allows slavery still to linger
among us in some of its insutferabie preten-
sions. Sir, I insist upon thorough work. When
I voted for that article I meant what it said,
that slavery should cease absolutely, entirely,
and completely. But, sir, Congress has already
given its testimony as to the true meaning of
this article. Shortly after its adoption, it passed
what is known as the civil rights law, by which
the courts of justice throughout this country,
State as well as national, were opened to col-
ored persons, and they were authorized not
only to sue and be sued, but also to testify, an
important right which had been denied most,
crucify even in many of the northern States,
making the intervention of the nation neces-
sary, precisely as it is necessary now. That
law was passed by both Houses of Congress,
vetoed by the President, and passed then by a
two-thirds vote over the veto of the President;
and all done in pursuance of this power.
" Congress shall have power to enforce this article
by appropriate legislation."
Remark, if you please, the energy of that
expression ; I have often had occasion to call
attention to it. It is a departure from the old
language of the Constitution.
" The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers."
It is stronger, it is more energetic:
" Congress shall have power to enforce
Mark, sir, the vivacity of the word—
" to enforce this article by appropriate legislation."
The whole field of apt legislation is open
to be employed by Congress in enforcing abo-
lition. Congress entered upon that field and
passed the civil rights acts. And who among
us now, unless it be one of my friends 011 the
other side, who questions the constitutionality
of that act? Does anyone? Does any one
doubt it? Does any one throw any suspicion
upon it,? Would any one have it dropped
from our statute-book on any ground of doubt
or hesitation? If there is any Senator in this
category, I know him not. I really should
like to have him declare himself. 1 will cheer-
fully yield the floor to any one who is willing
to declare his doubts of the constitutionality
of the civil rights act. [After waiting a mo-
ment.] Sir, there is 110 Senator who doubts it.
Now, how can any Senator, recognizing the
constitutionality of the civil rights act, doubt
the supplementary measureintroduced by me?
Each stands on the same bottom, if yiui doubt
one, you must doubt the other. If you go
against ray amendment, youmext. move should
he to repeal the existing civil lights act as
inconsistent with the Constitution. Why does
not my excellent friend from Maine bring
forward his bill? Why does he not invito the
Senate to commence the work of destruction,
to tear down that great remedial statute? Why
is he silent. Why does I10 hang back, arid
direct all his energies against the supplement-
ary measure, which depends absolutely upon
the same constitutional power? If he is in
earnest against the pending amendment, he
must show the same earnestness against the
original act.
When I assert that Congress has ample
power over this question I rely upon a well-
known text often cited in this Chamber,
often cited in our courts—the judgment of the
Supremo Court pronounced by Chief Justice
Marshall in the case of McCulloch vs. State
of Maryland, from which I will read a brief
paragraph:
"Buttho argument 011 which most reliance is
placed is vtr.iwn Ironi the peculiar language of thu
clause. Congress is not empowered by it to make
all laws which may havo relation to the powers
conterred on tho Government, but such only as may
be necessary and jrrop.r' for carrying tllem into
execution. The word 'necessa?-]/' is considered as
controlling the whole sentence, and as limiting the
right to pass la.ws for tho execution of the granted
powers to such as are indispensable, and without
which the power would be nugatory, that it excludes
the choico of means, and leaves to Congress, in each
case, that only which is most direct and simple."
These words show how the case was pre-
sented to tho court. Here is the statement
of John Marshall:
"ITo admit, as all must admit, that the powers of
the Government are limited, and that its limits are
not to be transcended. But we think the sound
construction of tho Constitution must allow to the
national Legislature that discretion with re.-pect to
the means by which the powers it confers are to
be carried into execution, which will enable that
body to perform the lush duties assigned to it in
the manner most beneiic-ial to the people. Let
the end be legitimate, let it be within tho scope
of tho Constitution, and all mean? which are ap-
propriate, which are plainly adapted to that end,
which are not prohibited, but consistent with the
letter and spirit of the Constitution, are constitu-
tional."—4 Wheaton's fteports, pages -113, 421.
In other words, the Supreme Court will
not undertake to sit in judgment on the means
employed by Congress in carrying out a power
which exists in the Constitution. Now the
power plainly exists in the Constitution; it is
to abolish slavery, and it, is for Congress in its
discretion to select the means. Already it
selected the civil rights law as the first means
for enforcing the abolition of slavery. I ask
it to select the supplementary bill now pend-
ing as other means to enforce that abolition.
One of the letters that I have read to-day from
a leading colored citizen of Georgia said :
"When that becomes a law the freedom of
my race will then be complete." It is not com-
plete until then, and therefore, in securing that
freedom, in other words in enforcing the con-
stitutional amendment, Congress is completely
authorized to pass the bill which I have felt it
my duty to introduce and which is now moved
on the amnesty bill.
I might proceed with this argument. But
details would take time, and I think they are
entirely needless. The case is too strong. It
needs no further argument. You have the
positive grant of power. You have already
one instance of its execution, and you have
the solemn decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States declaring that it is in the
discretion of Congress to select the means by
which to enforce the powers granted. How,
sir, can you answer this conclusion ? How can
my excellent friend answer it ?
Were 1 not profoundly convinced that the
conclusion founded on the thirteenth amend-
ment was unanswerable, so as to mako further
discussion surplusage, I should take up the
fourteenth amendment and show how, in the
first place, we have there the definition of a
citizen of the United States, and then in the
second place, an inhibition upon the States, so
that they cannot make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States ; nor deny to any
person within its jurisdiction the equal protec-
tion of the laws. And here again Congress
is empowered to enforce these provisions by
appropriate legislation. Surely, if there were
any doubt in the thirteenth amendment, as
there is not, it would be all removed by this
supplementary amendment. Here is the defin-
ition of citizenship, and the right to the equal
protection of the laws, in other words, citizen-
ship and equality, both placed under the safe-
guard of the nation. Whatever will fortify
these is within the power of Congress, by ex-
press grant. But if these are interpreted by
the Declaration of Independence, as I insist,
the conclusion is still moie iiresistible.
But 1 have not done with my friend. I am
going to hand him over to be answered by one
of his colored Icllow-citizenswho has no privi-
lege 011 this floor. I put George T. Downing
face to face with my excellent friend, the Sen-
ator from Maine. The Senator will find his
argument in one of tho papers of the day. I
shall only read enough to show that he under-
stands the question, even constitutionally:
41 But I como directly," says he, " to ' misconcep-
tion '—to thwarting justice. Tho Senator"—
Referring to the Senator from Maine—
"opposes Senator Sumner's amendment; he says it
'invokes an implication of some principle or pro-
vision of tho Constitution somewhere, or an impli-
cation arising from tho general litness of things pos-
sibly, to enable it to invade tho domiciliary rights
of tho citizens of a State.'"
These were the precise words of the Sen-
ator; I remember them well: I was astonished
at them. I could not understand under what
delusion, hallucination, orstrange ignusfaiu.ua
the Senator was led into such an idea that in
this bill there is any suggestion of invading the
domiciliary rights of the citizens of the States.
Why, sir, the Senator has misread the bill. I
will not say he has not read it. He certainly
has misread it, and now let our colored fellow-
citizen answer him :
" I do not speak unadvisedly when I declare that
no such end is desired by a single intelligent colored
man; no such design can be gleaned from any word
ever spoken by Charlks Sumner; his amendment
cannot by any reasonable stretch of tho imagination
be open to the implication."
