2520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
to speak for the President. My feet have
never been under his mahogany. I am not
of a temperament which frequents the ante-
rooms of official power; but I believe I have
as much authority and just the same to speak
for him as the other gentlemen here ; and it
is of infinite consequence to the country to
know whether we are playing the part of
harlequins here or of honest men ; and if it is
a " humbug," as my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] believes, then of all things im-
puted to him, I never heard imputed to him
a disposition to play part in an inferior hum-
bug. I believe it' this is a humbug at all it is
a miserably inferior humbug. The Senate
originally put the provision into the bill and
sent it to the House, and this House adopted it
and the President, adopted it. The Senate this
session again put it in an appropriation, and sent
it to the House. Now, who wants to get rid
of this reform? Which part or branch of the
Government desires most to get rid of the civil
service reform ? Is it not the body which sits
at the other end of the Capitol? Yet they put
it in an appropriation, as if they were its
friends, and sent it to us, and we played the
cheap part they probably wished us to. We
took their hot tongs and threw it out. It is a
miserable inferior humbug at the best, if a
humbug at all, and this House is playing in
it an inferior and subordinate part.
Mr. BUi'LJSK, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Ohio yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, lonly desire to say to the gentleman
from Ohio that this civil service provision was
put in by the Senate and as an amendment
came to us as part of the appropriation bill on
a report of the committee of conference. Had
we voted it down we would have voted down
the whole appropriation bill, and stopped the
wheels of the Government. It was at five
o'clock in the morning of the last day of the
session, and those having charge of the appro-
priation bill called upon us not to embarrass
the Government, by undertaking to vote it out.
That is the tact in reference to the introduction
of the original provision.
Now, then, the Senate is part of the ap-
pointing power. No considerable officer can
be appointed without being confirmed by the
Kenans, and as by their rules any two Senators
agreeing to state a man shall not be appointed
he cannot be appointed, however much he may
be able to pass the civil service examination.
If that is the fact, I can very well conceive why
they should want civil service reform to take
all power away from the .Representatives of
the people and put it in the Senate. I only
wonder they lmve not voted more money for
that purpose.
Mr. I'liRRY, of Ohio. I yield now for a
moment to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Shanks.]
Mr. SHANKS. The gentleman from Ohio
has referred frequently to a word [ used in
the remarks made by me in reference to civil
service reform some days ago. It is true that
1 stated the other day that this was a humbug,
or rather I staled that it was what we in the
West would call a humbug; and what Istated
then 1 repeat now. But in making that state-
ment I meant to cast no reflection upon the
President of the United States or any one
else. I spoke to the thing itself. 1 merely
stated what 1 believed to be the truth, and in
order to convince the House of its truth I
have only need to refer to the civil service
regulations published in the papers this morn-
ing. They will show that I did not mistake
wnen I called it, a humbug. I will change the
wm-d it' it pleases better, and say it was a mis-
take. I will soften the terms of my former
speech and say it was a mistake, if that
sounds more harmoniously to the ears of gen-
tleman than the word humbug. In order to
convince the House that it was a mis'-tke, I
say I have only to refer to the regulations
put forth to the country this morning. I ask
the members to read them. We are to under-
stand there is to be a committee of investiga-
tion, or a committee of competitive examin-
ation of three in every Department. This is
better than the first mode of one committee
for the United States, who was to know every-
thing and all persons for all places. The. rule
was that of those examined the choice was
to be taken from the three highest on the
list when a vacancy occurred in one of the
Departments. An applicant thus is compelled
to lie in watt after examination for place, not
knowing when employment will come. And
there the applicant, examined^ and found
worthy, must stand and wait till that time
comes, when he may be called. It was effect-
ually driving away every man who was worth a
continental copper for any purpose, for no man
worth anything as a business man would be
kept waiting on uncertainties till called for.
The consequence was that every applicant who
was worth anything for efficiency would leave
and go away, turning his attention and industry
to other business, and the shysters who could
afford to lie around, because they were worth
nothing for anything else, would be ready to
take, and would necessarily receive, the place
when the opportunity came, and the opportun-
ity for them would come with the vacancy,
for the worthy would not wait; and this is one
of your rules.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SHANKS. 1 observe that the gentle-
man from Ohio wishes to take me oft' the floor.
I have desired to say this much because the
gentleman referred so freely to my use of the
word "humbug." We find this morning that
there are to be a number of examining com-
mittees in the Departments where the same
rule was m operation long before you or I
came into Congress. This morning we learn
that three men have been appointed as a
committee in each of these Departments, and
they, too, are officers appointed by the Govern-
ment, under the old rule and now simply de-
tailed for this purpose, as has been practiced
since the Government was founded. And I
say that is the sensible way of doing it. Since
I made the speech about humbug much of the
humbug has been thrown away by the rules
of this morning detailing these several commit-
tees where men are found in the Departments
competent to do the work of examination.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Saul is among
the prophets at last.
Mr. SHANKS. Yes, sir. It is an easy
matter to quote Scripture. Perhaps the gen-
tleman used to read Scripture more heretofore
than he does now. 1 could quote Scripture too
if I chose, but, at prssent I am talking about
this bill, and I wish to say that this reform has
gone back upon itself, and to-day the Presi-
dent simply details men to make examination
in the offices where they are to work on their
present salaries, and where they ought, to be,
without extra committees, and with no addi-
tional expense to the Government. Thus
there is saved the $50,000 which we voted out
of I he bill the other day. This so-called civil
service under the rules of the committee is
mere talk without practicability or reason.
Mi-. PERRY, of Ohio. If the speech of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Shanics] has
blown away some of the humbug, let us assist
him by our speeches and our votes now to blow
away the rest of it.
I agree with the gentleman that this discus-
sion has already produced an immense improve-
ment to the public service and to the country,
and whatever humbug there may be left I will
join the gentleman in idowing away. Let us
begin by washing our hands, so far as we are
concerned, of these ignoble abuses. When
our hands are clean, then we can demand that
the Executive should wash his if they need it.
in the present position of matters we cannot
show that ho is responsible for anything, be-
cause, as we are told, two Senators can prevent
any man from being confirmed. While that
is the case the whole administration of the
country, the executive of the country, is liter-
ally—without any figurative meaning—is liter-
ally and squarely in the Senate, and nowhere
else.
Now gentleman say if there be such a big
abuse in the Senate, why should we not keep
up a little one in this House? Why, Mr.
Speaker, we claim to be nearer to the people,
we claim that the pulsations of our hearts beat
more in unison with the pulsations of the pop-
ular heart. Let us wash our hands, and then
if the Senate choose to go on with dirty hands,
we shall find means with the help of the people
either of compelling them to wash their hands
or of getting others to take their places. That
is all I have to say.
Mr. HOAR. Before the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Perry] takes his seat, I ask him to
yield to me for a few moments to have read an
extract from Hildreth's History of the United
States bearing upon this subject.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Certainly; I will
yield to the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. HOAR. I ask the Clerk to read the
paragraph I have marked, that it may appear
in connection with the speech of the gentle-
man from Ohio.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Haying heard from Randolph, or judgingfrom
theiriherentprobability of the thing, that Washing-
ton thought of sending Hamilton to England, Monroe
addressed a tetter to the President deprecating the
appointment as not only injuiious to the public in-
terests, but especially so to Washington himself, and
offering to give his reasons in a private interview.
Nor was this a mere individual movement. Another
very violent letter against Hamilton's appointment
was sent to the President about the saute time by
one ol the Virginia members of the House. "Wash-
ington consulted Randolph as to these letters, tile
decorum of which seemed somewhat questionable,
especially in Monroe's case, whose duty as a Senator
it rather seemed to be to pass upon the President's
nominations than by gratuitous and unasked tor
advice to assist him in making them. Randolph
thought it would be best to grant the interview, but
with an intimation to Monroe that he must contine
himself to facts. Washington preforred, however, to
send a note requesting Monroe to stato in writing
any information lie migbthavetendingto disqualify
Hamilton lor the mission referred to, a request which
seems to have given a quietus to Monroe's inter-
ference."—Ilddreth'a History of the United Slates,
volume 1, page 487.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
had insisted upon their amendments disagreed
to by the House to the bill of the House .No.
1930, relating to proposals for contracts for
the transportation of the mails, and for other
purposes, had agreed to the conference asked
by the House upon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
as the conferees on the part of the Senate Mr.
Ramsey. Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Casserly.
The message also announced that the Seuate
had passed with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, bills
of the House of the following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 286) to perpetuate testi-
mony in the courts of the United States ; and
A bill (H. R,. No. 1016) to promote the de-
velopment of the mining resources of the
United States.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, and requested the concur-
rence of the House in, bills of the following
titles:
''A bill (S. No. 429) supplemental to an act
entitled " An act to aid in the construction of
telegraph lines, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes," approved July 24,1866;
A bill (S. No. 433) supplemental to an act
entitled " An act to amend an act approved
May 31, 1870, entitled 'An act to enforce the
rights of citizens of the United States to vote
in the several States of this Union, and for
other purposes,' " passed February 28, 1871;
A bill (S. No. 816) to amend an act entitled
" An act to establish a uniform time for hold-
