1624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
after the passage of the act; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of R. C. Hol-
ton, publisher of the Danville Weekly Argus,
of Vermilion coanty, Illinois, praying that per-
sons known as regular publishers and dealers
ill newspapers and periodicals may receive by
mail' such quantities of either as they may
require, in bulk, whether wholly or in part
printed, and" pay postage thereon as received
at the sam e rates rata as regular subscribers
to publications weighing four ounces who pay
qhSrtterly in advance ; which was referred to
tjie Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
: ' PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That W. J. S. Golladay have leave to
■withdraw from the flies of tlie Senate his petition and
papers.
On motion of Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the surviving chil-
dren of Colonel Samuel Hammond, praying to be
allowed commutation pay for the services of their
father in the revolutionary war, be taken from the
files of the Sen'ate, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
i On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was
' Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of George T. Wiggins, praying compensa-
tion for damages sustained on account of the seizure
of the Leiithton House, in the city of Keokuk, Iowa,
by the United States, tor a hospital, and that u l,c
referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mh TIPTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 770) to erect two new land districts in
the State of Nebraska, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 463) to enable the President to appoint a
Paymaster General of the Ai-my, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 778) to provide
for' the payment of women nurses during the
w&r, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 758) to confirm
the purchase of the site at Fort Houston, near
Nashville, Tennessee, and to donate the fame
to the trustees of Fisk University for educa-
tional purposes, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint ^resolution (EL R. No.
108) granting condemned cannon for the erec-
tion of a soldiers' monument at Mound City,
Illinois, reported it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 26) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to the claimants the proceeds
bf certain cotton seized in violation of instruc-
tions from the Treasury Department, and which
have been erroneously covered into the Treas-
ury, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 492) to confirm
certain bona Jide titles, reported it adversely,
the _ snbjefit-matter having been settled by a
decision of the Supreme Court; and it was
postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1867) for the
relief of James T. Johnston, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R, No.
1228) for the relief of R. Nelson Gere,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. DAYIS, of West Virginia, from the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the claim of Dr. S. S. Lockwood, praying
compensation for a horse and buggy taken by
an officer of the Army at Charleston, in the
year 1865, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Scott W. Harring-
ton, praying compensation for_ the loss of a
horse while in the military service of the Uni-
ted States, reported adversely thereon, and
moved that the petitioner have leave to with-
draw his papers; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William W. Ward,
praying compensation for the use by the Gov-
ernment of his patent bullet-machine, reported
adversely thereon, and moved that the peti-
tioner have leave to withdraw his papers;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Matilda Barnett
and sister, of Fredericksburg, Virginia, pray-
ing compensation for property destroyed by
the Army in 1864, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Washington D.
Glenn, praying compensation for property
destroyed at Winchester, Virginia, during the
rebellion, reported adversely thereon.
REMOVAL OP CAUSES FROM STATU COURTS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (8. No. 792) in addition to an
act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled
'An act for the removal of causes in certain
eases from State courts,' approved July 27,
1866," approved March 2, 1867, to report it
back without amendment, and to ask that it
may be considered at this time. It merely
provides for a reciprocal right of removal be-
tween aliens and citizens, the alien now hav-
ing the right, and under the Constitution it is
reciprocal, and there is a need for the imme-
diate passage of the bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the right of
removal of a cause created by the act of
March 2,1807, shall extend to and be enforced
in all suits heretofore or hereafter commenced
in any State court in which either the plaintiff
or defendant is or shall be an alien, and in
which the other paity is or shall bo a citizen
of any of the United States; which removal
may be applied for and had under the regula-
tions in the act provided for the cases therein
mentioned.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SUtlVEY OP NORTHERN BOUNDARY.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate to take
up this morning the bill providing for running
the boundary line between the British prov-
inces and the United States, which came from
the House almost at the beginning of the ses-
sion, and which it will only take a moment to
pass. I have been trying for six weeks to get
it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the call
of reports of committees, the Senator from
Pennsylvania asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up the bill indicated by him.
Is there objection? Several Senators have
risen with morning business, which is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. CAMERON. Nobody has objected
though.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, it will be reported.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume the Senator
will give way after he gets his bill up to the
regular morning business?
Mr. CAMERON. Of course.
Mr. _ CONKLING. In lieu of making an
objection, which I never make to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, I wish to say that I hope
when this bill is disposed of it will not be
taken as an objection to any Senator if I in-
sist on taking up, if the Senate will indulge
me, a resolution which I have tried two or
three times to get up, which has been up twice
in the morning hour and gone over under
debate. I want if I can to get a vote upon it,
and it is very awkward to do that without ob-
jecting to some Senator. I give notice now
that when my honorable friend from Pennsyl-
vania has concluded, I shall ask the Senate to
take up the resolution, and I hope that will
not be considered an objection to anybody
else.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1056) authorizing the
survey and marking of the boundary between
the territory of the United States and the pos-
sessions of Great Britain, from the Lake of
the Woods to the summit of the Rocky mount-
ains.
The bill authorizes the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to cooperate with the
Government of Great Britain in the appoint-
ment of a joint commission, in accordance with
the plan and estimates of Brigadier General
A. A. Humphreys, chief of engineers, sub-
mitted November 23, 1870, for determining
the boundary line between the United States
and the British possessions between the Lake
of the Woods and the Rocky mountains ; but
engineers in the regular service of the United
States are to be employed exclusively as engin-
eers in the performance of the duties con-
templated by this act, without any additional
salary, and the Secretary of War is directed to
make the necessary details of engineers for that
purpose. The bill also appropriates $50,000,
or so much thereof as may be req ired, to
carry into effect the object of the joint com-
mission.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SENATORIAL RECOMMENDATIONS FOR OFFICE.
Mr. CONKLING. I nowaskthattheresolu-
tion'I referred to be taken up. I am willing,
after it shall be taken up, to yield for regu-
lar morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York asks unanimous consent to take up
the resolution in regard to recommendations
to office by Senators, stating that when it_ is
taken up he will yield to the regular routine
morning business. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the resolution is before the Senate.
BUSINESS OF COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator from
New York to give way that I may ask the Sen-
ate that Monday next be set apart for the
consideration of bills reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be in
order when Senate resolutions are in order,
but will be subject to a single objection, throw-
ingit over one day. The Senator from Mich-
igan asks unanimous consent that Monday
next after one o'clock be assigned to the
business of his committee. Is there objection?
Mr. COLE. I must object.
NOTICES FOR TO-MORROW.
Mr. MORTON. I desire togive notice that
I shall ask the Senate to-morrow morning to
take up the bill to provide for constructing
bridges across the Ohio river. I desire to give
that notice now.
Mr. CALDWELL. I simply rise to say that
to-morrow morning, after the morning busi-
ness, I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate
to take up Senate bill No. 41, not for the pur-
pose of taking action upon it, but to enable
me to submit a brief statement in regard to
it, which will probably occupy fifteen or twenty
minutes, no longer.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
800) relating to the collection of the revenue;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
