1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67?
42i> Cong....2d Sr,ss.
The Tariff—Mr. Ritchie.
Ho. op Repb.
Another active and interested advocate of
the repeal of (he duty, though concealed
behind the champions and employing the
honeyed phrases of free trade, aiv the gas
monopolies of New York and Brooklyn. 'J ii"
seeming pauper—freezing from the high pri"e
of anthracite, already free, and curiou.-ly heg-
p"iiir'-lif f through the abolition of (he duty on
bituminous, made more plentiful and cheaper
by the duty—closely scrutinized, proves to
be the bloated monopolist, who. already a
millionaire from exorbitant profits on gac,
would become still richer at the expense of
our struggling industry by the additional
gains that would accrue from tiiefiee importa-
tion of foreign coal. Some idea may be
formed of what consideration should be shown
the hypocritical clamor from this souice from
the fact that the notorious Tweed, shortly
after his arrest for complicity with what are
<alied the "Tammany Corruptions," sold
$1,000,000 of his stock in the Metropolitan
Gas-Light Company, whose par value is $100,
for g8G0 a share ! The stock of the Manhat-
tan Gas Company, wht-n found at all. brings
two hundred and eighty to three hundred
dollars on the §100 par value; and the
Brooklyn Gas Company S'230 on the S100.
And even the original siock, the stock whose
par value is S100, has bei-n " watered'' four
or live times. And on this ''watered" basis,
wish gas, say at $2 '25 per thousand feet in
Nhw York and $2 7o in Brooklyn, ti'e annual
dividends range from tweuty-live to iorty per
cent.
It ill becomes the Representative with such
constituents as the gas companies of New York
to inveigh against the struggling industries of
the distant Alleghanies. That kind of crusade
against alleged monopoly, which serves a for-
eign interest at the expense of our own, and
pampers the engorged gas corporations of a
great metropolis, challenges neither my admi-
ration norconfidence. Herethegallantcharger
of free trade, wheiher consciously or not, is
bestridden and spurred by the very imperson-
ation of monopoly, it is an odd and sorry
spectacle to see an intellect with a free trade
pedigree and a free trade prance, and whose
housings scintillate with sarcasm and jingle
with wit, mounted and used by so obese, so
unsightly, and so incongruous a rider. "The
same bills that propose to reduce the protec-
tion to coal at the rate of one hundred and
fifty per cent, repeal the internal revenue tax
on gas, which last year yielded a revenue of
$2.573,123, while retaining other really oppress-
ive and odious features of the internal revenue
system.
But the cry for free coal is most vociferous
from the capitalists and manufacturers of New
England, the Legislature of Massachusetts
having taken the lead t.wo years ago by in-
structing its Representatives to urge a repeal
of the duty. While these are the "especial
wards" of protection; while at every step in
the production of a ton of coal, ami at every
stage of its transportation, the producer is
directly and indirectly taxed for the benefit
of eastern manufacturers ; while the miner is
taxed almost on every article he eats, to the
very salt with which he seasons his potato,
the molasses on his bread and the biigar in
his coffee, and in everything he wears, from
the shoe upon his feet, with which he walks
to his daily labor, to the oil that lights him
and the tool he wields in performing^ it, the
greedy, unappeasable avarice of J<ew England
cries for more, and would take the_ fleece of
our single lamb and add it to the rich shear-
ings of her already countless flocks.
1 confess to some surprise in seeing many
western members aiding New England to
depress a home industry which_ it is the
iuterest, of the West to encourage, in the effort
to increase the importation oi foreign coal,
when it can in nowise inure to the benefit of
the interior. It is manifest that if coal be
admitted even free the cost of overland trans-
portation, which now burdens our own pro
duction in seeking the sea-hoard, would pre-
vent its successful competition with the coal
of the Alleghanies. The repeal of the duty,
it is obvous, from this cause would not
cheapen our own coal to inland consumers;
indeed, the effect might be, that, driven by
foreign competition from the Atlantic sea-
board, where alone the Nova Scotia coal can
be carried to advantage, and thus circum-
scribed in market and production, our coal
producers would be driven to compensate for
the restriction by charging higher prices in
their local and western trade where they would
have a monopoly. Moreover, it must occur,
on reflection, that it is a positive advantage to
the West; to have a large non-agricultural
community along our Alleghany mountains.
Such a population furnishes a market for the
western farmer, and at the same time saves
him the freight he would incur in sending his
produce further eastward.
In this connection it is worthy of note that
the development of our Alleghany coal-fields,
and the direct and advantageous connection
of' our Maryland public works with them, has
effected the establishment of lines of ocean
steamers from Baltimore to Europe, whose
increased facilities in running fiom that port
largely redound to the benefit of the West.
So long as our Alleghany coal-fields can be
prosperously worked, the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, by operating these Atlantic lines as
I part of itsown enterprise, may be expected to
be able to furnish coal to these steam vessels,
as it does now, at the rat■> of $2 50 per ton
less than New York or Boston can furnish
the Cumberland coal, which is preferred, when
the disparity is not too great, for generating
steam on shipboard. This is asaving in first-
class vessels of $2,000 a trip, a saving which
enables them to take out and bring back car-
goes at correspondingly reduced freights. As
! the outgoing cargoes are largely made up of
j western produce, and the incoming are largely
! consigned to the West in exchange, it is clearly
] not the interest of the Westto cripple the coal
| industry of Maryland, and as a consequence
I the commercial capabiii'ies of Baltimore city,
I which are so intimately identified with western
i prosperity.
i As to the charge that it is inconsistent to
profess a desire for a reduction of the tariff,
and yet contend for a du;y on a particular
article in which oue's own State happens to
be interested, I submit that there is no incon-
sistency in a readiness to revise the tariff pari
passu with other interests, and in objecting to
a discrimination against the product peculiar to
your own section. So long as the principle
of protection is admitted into the tariff it
would be suicidal folly to n^ent to a duty upon
the productions of every State but your own,
or, what isequivalent, acquiesce in a duty that
is grossly disproportioned. It is only by an
equitable distribution of duty that equilibrium
can be maintained which will save one interest
from being sacrificed by the tribute it is made to
pay to others. And so far from regarding it as
censurablein a Representative to be jeaiousfor
the interests of his own State or section, it is in
my judgment commendable so long as he asks
only for equal consideration, or it can be
shown that the local interest and the general
welfare go together.
I confess to a spirit of watchfulness in regard
to the coal industry of Alleghany county, for it
has been, and is now, intimately connected not
only with the prosperity of my district, but also
of my State at large. The amount of capital we
Lave invested in the mining industry proper; the
many and varied mercantile, mechanical, and
agricultural interestsspriugiug from, dependent
on, or connected in one way and another with it;
the sums invested in our internal improve-
ments, which it is probable would never have
been consummated, even if projected, but for
the alluring wealth of our bituminous coal-
fields ; the facilities supplied to the farmer ia
getting his produce to market, and the em-
ployment furnished to labor, in the construc-
tion and maintenance of these pnblic works;
the impulse to population, general business,
and the value of land from contiguity to these
highways; the advancement in wealth, busi-
ness enterprise, and commercial power of out
State metropolis, interwoven as these are
with our railroads, and the coal trade that
largely invoked and largely feeds them; the
prospect that at no distant day the rapidly
augmenting revenues of the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal will lift the burden of onr entire
State tax from the shoulders of our people 5
the stimulus to general pr sperity arisingfrota
the development of oar mineral wealth, as
illustrated in the case of Alleghany county,
which in 1840 contained a population of but
15,690, was without an avenue to market, and
transported not a single ton of coal—in whose
borders the stroke of hardly a single pick or
hammer waked the primeval silence of her
mountains—with no shaft probing toherhidden
j wealth, no furnace, rolling-mill, or engine to
I seize that wealth when once unearthed and
quadru pie it in value—and now boaEting a pop-
ulation of forty thousand and an assessed
value of $25,000,000, pouring from its caverns
richer jewels than the talismanie word of Ali
Baba e'er unlocked, its hill-sides brilliant
with the flashing torches of its furnace-fires
and echoing with the inspiring clangor of its
many machine-shops and rolling mills—gigan-
tic highways, prodigies of skill and enterprise,
waiting upon the products of her industries,
and bearing, upon the threshold of her devel-
opment, as part of her wealth, 2,345,153 tons
of coal annually to the sea-board ; and remem-
bering how different from all this it would be
if that mining industry and those highways of
intercourse and transportation had never felt
the hand of enterprise, or were now to
be palsied—all these considerations rouse me
to resist any unjust, invidious, and hostile
legislation. And knowing thSt a prosperous
and justty-conducted industry communicates
' its benign influences, through the relations of
business, beyond the limits of its geographical
home to the entire country, I feel that in op-
posing a policy that would prostrate the pro-
duction of our bituminous coal I am serving
not only a local interest, bat at the same time
the public good also.
Mr. COGGER. Let me ask the gentleman
one other question : whether the theory of the
Democratic party is not that all men should
be allowed to buy where they can buy cheap-
est : and if so, why should they not be allowed
to buy Nova Scotia coal, which is far cheaper,
than our own?
Mr. KITCHIE. When the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Conger] ceases to secure pro-
tection for lumber, the Louisianian for sugar,
the Iventuckian for hemp, the South Carolin-
ian for rice, the Ohioan for wool, the Penn-
sylvanian for iron, the New Yorker for salt,
and the eastern manufacturer for cottons, cal-
| icoes, and a thousand other things, and the
! tariff is abandoned as a means of raising rev-
! enue, we will be in a more favorable condition
| for applying theories, which, while sound in
! the abstract and proper to be worked toward,
must yet be qualified in practical legislation
by existing circumstances. Besides, we have
seen that the duty, by increasing our own pro-
duction, and which costs ratably much less to
mine it when the quantity is large, has reduced
the price of both American and Nova Scotia
coal, and the consumer thus buys cheapestJjy
means of the duty. And T $otil<I add ""
