1872.
THE OONGKMSJSIONAIi GLOBE.
2521
ing elections for electors of President and Vice
President in all the States of the Union,"
approved January 23, 1845; and
A bill (8. No. 903) making an appropria-
tion for instruments to be used in observa-
tions upon the transit of Venus in 1874.
civil service.
The House resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 787, to preserve the independ-
ence of the several departments of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HOLMAN rose.
Mr. DUNN ELL. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holmajt] yields to me to ask
unanimous consent to take up the bill to
incorporate the Great Salt Lake and Colorado
River Railway Company, which was made a
special order for to-day at half past one, but
has been excluded by other orders having
priority.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am willing to yield to
the gentleman for that purpose. The further
consideration of the pending bill, I under-
stand, will go over till to-morrow at two
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. It will.
leave of absence.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for three days.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent obtained leave of absence for two
weeks.
great salt lake and colorado railroad.
Mr. DUNNELL. I now ask that by unan-
imous consent the House proceed to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 2199) to incorporate the
Great Salt Lake and Colorado River Railway
Company, and to grant to said company a
light, of way through the public lands of the
United States.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
pending amendments, being an amendment
moved by the gentleman Irom Utah [Mr.
Hooper] and an amendment to-the amend-
ment moved by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stevexsox,] a member of the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
The Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Hooper, of Utah, which was to add to the
bill the following:
Sec. —. Nothing in this act shall be so construed
as to authorize said Great Salt Lake and Colorado
River Railway Company to appropriate or destroy,
or in any way interfere with the track, road-bed,
bridges, telegraph lines, stations, depot grounds, or
other property of the Utah Sout hern Railroad Cora-
£any, a corporation created under the laws of the
egislative Assembly of theTerntory of Utali, for the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the city of Salt Lake, in the Territory of Utah, to
Payson City, in said Territory.
The Clerk also read the following amendment
to the amendment, moved by Mr. Stevejjson :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed as recognizing the authority of the Legis-
lature of the Territory of Utah to create a railroad
corporation.
Mr. STEVENSON. I modify my amend-
ment to the amendment, so that it shall read
as follows:
Provided, That nothing heroin, contained shall be
construed as recognizing or denying the authority
of ihe Legislature of the Territory of Utah to create
railroad corporations.
The object of that modification is to leave
that question entirely unaffected by this bill.
The modified amendment to the amend-
ment was then agreed to ; and the amendment,
as amended, was also agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. DUNNELL. Upon that question I call
the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. On the simple question
of granting the right of way to this railroad
company I presume there is no objection to
this bill. The ground of objection to the bill
is that it incorporates a railroad company that
will pass through several Territories which
will ultimately become States of this Union.
The objection is to Congress exercising that
power. In order to test the sense of this
House on the question of the power of Con-
gress to create these great corporations, which,
from their very nature, must be vested with
immense powers and privileges, and which
must ultimately run into and through several
States of this Union, I will move that this
bill be laid upon the table, and upon that
motion I will ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TAFFE. Let the yeas and nays be
taken upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will move that the bill
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion pending the call for the pre-
vious question. The motion to lay the bill on
the table is in order, and would be in order
after the previous question has been seconded.
Mr, HOLMAN. I have no objection to the
sense of the House being taken upon second-
ing the previous Question, with the under-
standing that my motion to lay the bill on the
table will be in order after that question shall
have been determined.
The SPEAKER. That motion will then be
in order.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the previous question ; and upou a divis-
ion there were—ayes 33, noes 44; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dujjnell
and Mr. Hoiata\' were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 69; no quorum voting.
Mr. DUKE. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
wider the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COBURN : The petition of the brew-
ers of Indiana, asking a modification of the
internal revenue laws in relation to brewers
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: The remon-
strance of citizens of Missouri, against the pro
posed bridge across the Mississippi river at
Carondelet, Missouri.
By Mr. KELLEY: The memorial of 25 citi-
zens of the United States, protesting against
any change in the Constitution allowing a per-
son of foreign birth to become President of
the United States.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of Alfred
Thorbury and others, citizens of Kansas and
soldiers in the late war, for an act of Con-
gress equalizing bounties upon the basis of
$8 83^ per month for the time actually served.
Also, the petition of C. D. Nichols and
others, citizens of Kansas, for the removal of
tariff duties on type.
Also, the petition of S. J. Bartlett and
others, citizens of Kansas and soldiers in the
late war, for an act of Congress granting a
land warrant for one hundred and sixty acres
of land to each oSicer and soldier of the Uni-
ted States iu the late war.
By Mr. L. MYERS : The memorial of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, protesting against the
proposed amendment to the Constitution to
permit a person of foreign birth to become
President of the United States.
By Mr. RANDALL: The memorial of the
infantry corps, National Guards, of the city
of Philadelphia, asking that, the Secretary of
War deliver to the said organization a suffi-
cient number of condemned cannon to cast a
statue to be placed m their burial lot m the
Mount Monah cemetery.
By Mr. READ : The petition of Ira Sanders
of Adair county, Kentucky, who was a private
in company A, first Colorado cavalry regiment,
asking Congress to grant him a pension on
account of disabilities contracted while in the
service of the United States.
By Mr. B. H. ROBERTS: The petition of
manufacturers of matches, against the repeal
of the stamp tax on matches.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petition
of John T. Ezzard, of Forsyth county, Geor-
gia, asking the removal of his political dis-
abilities.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 18, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
st. ckoix and superior railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives. communicating its action on the
amendment of the House to the bill (S. No.
565) to extend the time to the State of Wis-
consin to complete a road from Lake St.
Croix to Lake Superior.
The Chief Cleric read the resolution of the
House, as follows :
Resolved, That the House adhere to their amend-
ment to the bill of tho Senate (No. -~G5) to oxtend
the time to complete a road from Lake St. Croix to
Lake Superior.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Both the Sen-
ators from Wisconsin are absent at present.
Mr. POMEROY. In the absence of those
Senators, 1 think the resolution had better
lie on the tablo. As the House have voted
to adhere, I suppose the only course we can
pursue is to adhere also. I move, however,
that the resolution lie on the table for the
present.
The motion was agreed to.
order 01' business.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senate to take up
now, subject, to the morning business, the
Presidio park bill.
Mr. POME HOY. The Senator who sits by
my side [Mr. Edmunds] is absent at present.
Mr. COLE. 1 have no doubt he will be in
the Chamber in a moment.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall object until he
comes in.
Mr. COLE. I will state that the report
from the Department is here uow, and really
I think that bill ought to be acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT, it requires unan-
imous consent,, and the Senator l'rom Kansas
objects until the Senator from Vermont is
present.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in obedience to law, lists of the clerks,
messengers, and laborers employed it. the va-
rious bureaus of the War Department during
the year 1871; which was ordered to lie on tlie
table.
petitions and memorials.
The VlfE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of Rev. John Wallace, of Joneaville,
Union county, South Carolina, praying that
provision be made by Congress for sending
emigrants to Liberia; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SCOT f presented a memorial of the
presideit. and trustees of the Union Land Com-
pany, asking compensation for the destruction
and appropriation of property of that com-
pany by officials and military authorities of
the Government of Mexico; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. OSBOllN presented the memorial of
J. Uoldsborough Brutf, asking a change in the
national coat of arms; which was referred to
the Committee on the Library.
Mr. RAMSKY presented the petition of R.
A. Sinclair, of Virginia, praying the removal
