3418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. It was not a United States court
that whs being held at all. It was an Indian
court that he was talking about.
Mr. NYE. What will the Senator's court
be but an Indian court?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to lay the un-
finished business on the table for the purpose
of finishing this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Illinois moves that the bill amendatory
of the enforcement act be laid on the table,
for the purpose of continuing the considera-
tion of the court bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not see the Senator
from Indiana in his seat. I hope that will not
be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indianahas just stepped out. The ques-
tion is on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a matter that
ought to be acted upon.
The motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to, there being on a division—ayes 19,
noes 26.
deficiency appropriation hill.
Mr. COLE. I ask unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up and dispose of the
report of the conference committee on the
deficiency bill. Many Senators have been
import,uuing me to bring it up and have it
disposed of. I think no one will feel like
objecting to it.
Mr. MORTON. I hope we shall proceed
with this bill. I think it is very bad economy
to lay one bill aside and take up another. I
think vve can dispose of this bill in a short
time, and then take up the report alluded to
and finish it.
canal nba It dulotii.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report, of the Solicitor General and
acting Attorney General, communicating, in
compliance vvnh a resolution of the Scnaie of
April 23, 1872, information m relation lo pro-
ceedings which have been taken in the judicial
courts to restrain the digging of a canal across
Minnesota Point, near Duluth, in the State of
Minnesota; which, on motion of Mr. Cakpen
teh, was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
message from tiie iioush.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McI'iierson, its Clerk, announced
that, the House had passed the following bills;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requeeted :
A bill (U. R. No. 2763) to provide a build-
ing suited to the use of the custom-house,
post office, the pension and revenue officers,
and the judicial officers of the United States
in the city of Memphis, Tennessee ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1982) to provide for hold-
ing a circuit court of ilie United S'ates in and
for the western district of Missouri;
A bill (H. It. No. 2764) making an appro-
priation for the erection of a marine hospital
at San Francisco;
A biil (H. R. No. 27C2) providing for a life-
size marble statute of the late Senator Edward
Dickinson Baker;
A bill (II. R. No. 2765) granting a pension
to Julia Cosgrove;
A bill (H. R. No. 2766) granting a pension
to Mary Whalen :
A bill (II. R. No. 2767) granting a pension
to Ardella D. Waifield and Lindsley N. War-
field ; _
A bill (H. R. No. 2708) granting a pension
to Mary A. Dodd ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2770) granting a pension
to Mary 15. Shelton.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 845) to authorize
the construction of certain bridges across the
Mississippi river, and to establish the same as
post roads, with an amendment; in which con-
currence was requested.
The message also announced tliat the House
had passed a resolution for the printing of
extra copies of the preliminary report of the
commissioner of the United States to the in-
ternational penitentiary congress of London.
bitldgks across the mississippi.
Mr. LOGAN. Senate bill No. 845 has just
been returned from the House of Representa-
tives, with an amendment, providing that the
bridge shall be commenced withm eighteen
months. I hope the Senate will allow it to be
concurred in now.
Mr. CORBETT. I think that is right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois asks unanimous consent that the
Chair be allowed to submit the House amend-
ment to the bill in regard to the construction
of a bridge at Quincy. Is there objection ?
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri objects. The Cliair, therefore,
under the rule, will submit it at the opening
of to-morrow's session.
Mr. LOGAN subsequently said: I believe
the Senator from Missouri has consented to
withdraw his objection to the consideration of
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the Quincy bridge bill, and I hope it
will be acted upon now.
Mr. BLAIR. My attention has been called
to the amendment, and it is not what I sup-
posed it to be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to consider it at this time.
There being no objection, the Semite pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 845) to
authorize the construction of cerlain bridges
across the Mississippi river, and to establish
the same as post roads, which was to add at
the end of the last section the following pro-
viso :
provided, that tho construction of tho bridtfo
mentioned in this section shall bo commenood with-
in el all oon months trom tho passage ot this act.
The amendment was concurred in.
am1sndatory knfoltcesiunt act.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
tho bill (S. No. 791) to amend an act entitled
" An act to amend an act approved May 81,
1870, entitled ' An act to enforce the rights of
citizens of the United States lo vote in the
several States of the Union, and for other
purposes,'" the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Trumbull.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORION. I hope this amendment
will be voted down, if it is adopted, theeffect
will probably be to defeat this bill, upon
which we have been engaged some two or
three days, and which I think it is very im
portant to pass. We have had enough votes
of the Senate, and the experiment has been
tried often enough for us to understand per-
lectly well that, it this amnesty amendment is
passed and adopted the civil rights bill will
be put upon it, and then the friends of am-
nesty will again vote against the whole bill, as
they have done repeatedly. As I am anxious
to secure the passage of this bill, which we
have been engaged upon for two or three days, I
hope it will not be loaded down in such a way
as past experience shows will kill it. I there-
fore hope that the fr.ends of this bill in regard
to elections will vote down this amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. The Sen-
ate has never been full when vve have taken a
vote upon amnesty. The votes have been ties
frequently. There are several members pres
ent who were not present before, and if those
in favor of amnesty will stand by it we can put
amnesty oil and carry it, and can keep what is
called civil rights, or in other words the social
equality bill. off.
Mr. MORTON. 1 will not discuss the ques-
tion of social equality. I have heard the Senator
from Illinois argue time aod time again that a
bill which required only a majority vote could
not be putas an amendment, upon a two-thirds
bill. Now the Senator seeks to put upon a
bill that requires only a majority vote as an
amendment a bill that requires a two thirds
vote. The effect of it will in all probability be
to kill this bill. I ask now that we shall pro-
ceed and pass this bill in its present form.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It, will be very easy, I
can tell my friend from Indiana, to get out of
the difficulty that is suggested about embarrass-
ing the two measures by having them together,
because 1 have no doubt it is the intention
of the Senator from Illinois, or some other
Senator, the moment this amendment is agreed
to, to move to strike out the first part of the
bill, and then we shall have amnesty alone,
and that he thinks everybody will go for. He
has not shown such a very strong admiration
for this election bill during the discussion we
have had upon it as to lead me to i-uppose
that he is desiring to stiengthen it by this
movement of amnesty. So that I should ad-
vise any Senator who really believes in the
election bill and wants to have it become a law,
however much he may be in favor of amnesty,
to keep the two measures separate, when we
can take care of them b6th. I do not want to
go into a discussion of the matter of amnesty
until I see that it is put in committee, when
I may have something to say.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Chair will
state that the pending amendment is now the
amendment to the amendment, offered by the
Senator from Illinois yesterday afternoon,
striking out the second exception, which was
moved by him for the purpose of enab ing hiin
to spealc again on the amnesty proposition.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope the Senator
from Illinois will not, persist, in this amend-
ment. To be consistent I shall have to vote
against it. 1 have been the consistent friend
of amnesty for over three years; but to attach
it to a hill which requires only a majority to
pass would jeopardize both measures. I voted
against attaching civil rights to the amnesty
bill fur the simple leason that 1 did not think
the amendment germane to the bill. For the
same reason I propose to vote against, this
amnesty amendment to this bill, as much as I
am in lavor of amnesty. I hope that, the Iriends
of amnesty will not vote to attach it to this
measure, it riot, being germane to the bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I lise for the purpose of
asking a question which I would like to have
some Senator who is versed in parliamentary
law and other law answer. Suppose that the
amnesty bill is attached to the bill now pending
as an amendment, and that it, passes both
Houses of Congress and goes to the President,
and ihe Piesident sees lit to veto it; I want to
know if the amnesty part of the proposition
will not nevertheless be the law?
Mr. EDM ONDS. I say no, for one.
Mr. SAWYER. It is not necessary at all
for the President to sign a bill granting,relief
from disabilities; that part of it is not neces-
sary to go to him ; but the amnesty bill is put
upon this bill ; it passes ; it goes to the Presi-
dent; he chooses in consideration of some-
thing iti some part of the bill to veto it; I
want to know if the relief of disabilities is not,
under the terms of tho fourteenth amendment,
still effected ?
Mr. MORTON. The Senator assumes the
very thing which ia denied. He assumes that
it is not necessary that the amnesty bill should
go to the Piesident.
Mr. SAWYER. I assume, what has been
asserted here a dozen tunes, that the propo-
sition for the relief of disabilities need not go
to the Piesident for his signature.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In reply to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, I will say that it is
my opinion that it would be eifeetive. I do
not think a bill removing political disabilities
! need go to the President at all. I thought
1 it was very improper, as the Senator from
