2522
TH® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
of Ms political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. WEIGHT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying the passage of House
bill No. 1788, for the relief of disabled soldiers;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
•_ Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I present _a memo-
rial of Hon. A. Brandegee, and thirty-three
others, citizens of Connecticut, who represent
that a desolating famine exists in Persia with-
out any prospect of relief by the Government,
and praying Congress to adopt such measures
as may enable the benevolent to extend relief.
I will state that these petitioners are among
the most intelligent and benevolent citizens of'
our State. I move the reference of the peti-
tion to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
ASSIGNMENTS OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POMEROY. I am requested by my
committee to ask that Friday of next week
be devoted to bills reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
'J he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas asks unanimous consent that Friday
of next week ho assigned for the considera-
tion of reports from the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. COLE. I do not like to have any more
spccial orders made until some better pro-
gress has been made with the appropriation
bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects.
Mr. POMEROY, Of course it is the Sen-
ator's privilege to object if he chooses to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the resolution will be placed oti the
Calendar, so Unit, it can be called up hereafter.
Mr. POMEROY subsequently said : Upon
further conversation with the Senator from
California, I am willing to modify my request
.so that if on that day there is an appropria-
tion bill which he desires to pass, I will not
interfere with that, and, with that understand-
ing, Friday week, I think, can be set apart
for the business of the Committee on Public
Lauds.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas renews tiie request that, Friday
of next, week be set apart for the considera-
tion of reports from the Committee on Public
Lands, subject, however, to appropriation bills,
if there should be any pressing at that tune.
Mr. FEN ION. In the same manner let
me ask my friend from Kansas to make it also
subject to Senate bill No. 2.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from New
York and myself will arrange about that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And also sub-
ject to the customs bill, m which the Sen-
ator from New York is interested. Is there
objection to the proposition as now made by
the Senator from Kansas? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask that Wednesday,
til!' If>th of next, month, he set apart for the
consideration of bills reported from the Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the Senator had
better name an earlier day if he wants a day
set apart for his committee.
Mr. POMEROY. I think all these assign-
ments should be subject to the appropriation
bills.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I will say the
8th of May.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. SPENCER. Why
not say the 1st of May ?
Mr. KELLOGG. Or earlier still ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Sen-
ators suggest Wednesday the 1st of May.
Mr. STEWART, i suggest that an earlier
day be named. Let the Senator name the
Monday of that week, the Monday preceding
the 1st of May.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It is possible that I
may necessarily be absent at that time, and
that is the reason why I ask for the 8th of
May.
The VICE PRESIRENT. The Chair will
state that the whole of next week is now
assigned, except Thursday and Saturday.
Mr. SPENCER. Then I suggest Thursday
of next week.
Mr. COLE. Of course there can be no
objection to Senators giving notice that on a
certain day they propose to call up certain
business, and the proposition of the Senator
from Kansas amounts only to that; but I must
object to making any special orders that will
interfere with the appropriation bills.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit that the appro-
priation bills should first be passed. I am
willing to waive anything in favor of an appro-
priation bill, because I think we ought to
adjourn in May, and if we get the appropria-
tion bills through in good time we can adjourn
in May. I am therefore in favor of standing
by the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The Senator from Kan-
sas is very good at making objections after he
gets a day assigned for his committee.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for Wednesday,
the 8th of May.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be objection to that day, but no objection
to the first of May.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I prefer the 8th of
May.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina, the chairman of the
Committee on Disabilities, stares that he pre-
fers the 8th of May.
Mr. CONKLING. I will not object to an
earlier day, but 1 object to an assignment so
l.ite as the 8th of May. I believe we can and
ought to adjourn in that month, and I do not
want the time to be preoccupied now with what
might exclude necessary bills at that time.
Mr. SPENCER. Then I suggest Thursday
of next week be assigned to the Committee
on Disabilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Alabama now asks that Thursday of next week,
which has not yet been assigned, be assigned
to the Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. COLE. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to say that when-
ever that bill is brought forward I shall deem
it my duty to move another bill of infinitely
greater importance as an amendment, being
the civil rights bill, or the bill to remove the
disabilities of the colored race, unless mean-
while that, bill should pass the House of Rep-
resentatives and come here and be passed
here. Otherwise, I shall deem it my duty to
move the other bill as an amendment, and I
hope I shall have the support of my friend
from South Carolina.
Mr. ROBERTSON. You will, sir.
Mi\ SUMNER. Thank you, sir.
lhe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that reports of committees are now in
order, and this debate, there being objection
to the assignment, is out of order.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that I
expected to-day to call up the bill providing
for the payment of the French spoliation
claims, but the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Vickkrs] being absent I cannot do so. He
intends to make a speech on that subject
which I think will have a great effect on the
Senate. 1 therefore ask that the Senate will
allow me to fix to-morrow week for that bill.
Mr. POMEROY. That day has already
been assigned.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I ask for Thursday
of next week.
lhe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania asks that Thursday of next week
be assigned for the consideration of the French
spoliation bill, which has several times been
postponed.
Mr. COLE. I hope my friend will not ask
for that until we get along a little better with
the appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, as the bill is not before the
Senate, and resolutions are not yet reached.
Mr. CAMERON. I think the Senator from
California will not object when I tell him that
if any of bis bills are before the Senate which
he desires to push through immediately, then
I will wait for another day.
Mr. COLE. I suppose that the Senator
gives notice that he intends to call up his bill
on that day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No ; he desires
the assignment of Thursday next for the
French spoliation bill, but states that he will
give way if an appropriation bill should then
be pressing.
Mr. CAMERON. That is it.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to that request?
Mr. FENTON. What is the request?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks that Thursday of next
week be assigned for the consideration of the
French spoliation bill, stating that he will
yield the day, as he has several times already, if
an appropriation bill should then be pending.
Mr. FENTON. If the Senator will also
except Senate bill No. 2 I will make no
objection at all. It may not be before the
Senate at that time.
Mr. CAMERON. Of course, I will make
no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania states that he will also
except the customs bill; and with those
reservations the order will be made, if there
be no objection.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Before that order is
made, I should like to say a word in reference
to Senate bill No. 2, proposed by the Senator
from New York.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that it is not now subject to debate ; and
if the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler]
has risen with a report from a committee the
Chair will receive that. The Senator from
Connecticut has risen iu regard to another bill
not now before the Senate, and if debate
ensues the Senator from Michigan has risen
with a report, which has priority.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope the Senate
will postpone the consideration of Senate bill
No. 2, simply because that very question is
now before the Committee on Commerce. A
bill similar in its provisions is before that
committee. In addition to that, the Commit-
tee on Investigation and Retrenchment has
taken a large amount of testimony having
reference to the same subject which is pro-
vided for in that bill. I think it would be
better for the Senate to determine now that
they will postpone the consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 2 or any action upon it until they
shall get a report from that committee.
lhe VICE PRESIDENT- It will require
unanimous consent, as the bill is not now before
the Senate. The Senator from Pennsylvania
has accepted the suggestion of the Senator
from New York, which does not bind the
Senate to consider Senate bill No. 2 at all
The order simply gives him the right to that
day, subject to the appropriation bill or the
customs bill, if they should be pressing upon
that day, either of which, however, could be
laid upon the table then.
RISPOUTS O-F COMMJTTKES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
it. flo. 82/) to authorize the construction of
the If8 aCr0SS Uup ?hl° river' an<110 Prescribe
the dimensions of the same, reported it with
an amendment.
