.1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
188?.
of patronage than any other Senator, and had
had fewer friends put in office; and suppose
that Senator should be selected in the Cham-
ber, and by independent newspapers, and
talked about as a henchman, as a huckster of
patronage, as clinging to the skirts of power
and the like; suppose he should be told by a
Senator that he knew how he could get pat-
ronage too if he would do as he did; does not
the Senator think the time would come when
it would be natural and just that the man I
have supposed should want to know, and have
others know, the truth between him and those
so free in talking about and at him? How is
that? I put it to the Senator's sense of fair-
ness.
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer in this way.
I know that it cannot be myself that is accused
of making fewer recommendations. The Sen-
ator's remark cannot apply to me. I presume
that it applies to the Senator from New York,
from what he has said. I suppose from his
remarks that he has made few recommenda-
tions. Probably few of his friends have been
appointed, and I presume that is the case,
from what he has said. If so, it is very easy
for liim to ascertain that fact by asking for
the facts or by having them investigated. I
will say this, however, if I had recommended
none of my t'riendsfor office since I was elected
Senator, I do not think I would want it invest-
igated ; I do not think I would want my
friends to know it; I do not think it would
encourage a man's friends very much to know
that he never recommended his friends.
[Laughter.]
I do not think an investigation like this will
turn out of any advantage to anybody. That
is my notion about it. It will produce prob-
ably a discussion, it may be an acrimonious
one, one that will be of no advantage to any-
body in the world, that cannot possibly lead
to good. The Senator from New York can
apply to the Departments and get a certified
statement as to all the recommendations he
has made and have-it published in the news-
papers. it is the simplest thing in the world,
easy to be done, without raising committees
to rummage through papers to examine. It
would take a committee three months to find
out how many recommendations I have made,
for I have recommended postmasters for four
districts in my State, Democratic districts, and
nearly every one appointed in those districts
I was asked about. The Postmaster General
asked me to accommodate him by finding out
who would make good postmasters, and i did
so. It will be a troublesome matter to find
out what I have done, I think. Taking it
as a whole it is a matter of no importance,
and a matter that the Senate ought not waste
its time in examining into. That is my opin-
ion about it, not from any feeling I have in
reference to it or any injustice that I want to
do anybody; but I believe injustice is done
to the Senator himself by ordering an investi-
gation that must show, not that he is guilty
of any wrong, but that he is smarting under
something. He wants the record to show
something that will do no advantage to him
before the country. I know I am not capable
of giving advice, but that is my view as to it.
I hope the Senate will lay the whole matter
on the table as being entirely frivolous and
out of place for a body like this, unless it is
going to reduce itself to what it is now being
called by some of the writers or scribblers in
the country. If this Chamber is going to be-
come a Chamber of wrangling ; if it is going to
be called a bear garden—and I certainly do
not use any such language cxcept as language
quoted from others, and I do not believe in
it—if we are to have investigations like this
about nothing, I think if we put ourselves in
such a position we shall be entitled to be called
all the names that are used to show that this
body is losing the dignity it enjoyed in days
of yore, when statesmen loved to dwell in this
Hall.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moved to lay on the table, and
withdrew the motion with the consent of the
Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I did not understand him
to make the motion.
Mr. CONKLING. He did not renew it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He withdrew it
to enable the Senator from Ohio to propound
a question and receive an answer. Does the
Senator insist on the motion or not? The
Senator from Maine is recognized, if not.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg pardon of the Senate
for having made the remark I did. I intended
to renew the motion, but forgot it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I only desire to say that it
will be gratifying to me to adopt the resolution
in its broadest sense, and it seems to me the
adoption of the resolution in its broadest
sense would subserve a good, a wise, and a
useful purpose. Prom the discussions which
we have had upon civil service in this body,
one would infer that our service was poorer
to-day than it had ever been known; that
there was more corruption prevailing in the
various Departments than had ever been wit-
nessed, and that individuals who have recom-
mended gentlemen for positions have done it
only and solely upon their political status, and
not upon the merits and qualifications which
the various individuals possessed outside of
their political standing.
Now, sir, for myself, I would like to spread
before the world the name of every individual
that I have recommended to the Departments
or to the President; and when it was done, I
would stand here to challenge the assault of
anybody upon them for the want of proper
and necessary qualifications for the places to
which I have recommended them. I think a
great, a good, and a useful purpose might be
subserved by that. But that is not the case
here; it is presented to us now in another
aspect,
A controversy has grown up between Sen-
ators here in which I have no part, in which
I have no feeling, about which individually I
care nothing; but in which I should, I am
very well aware, have a deep and pointed feel-
ing if I were one of the parties to the contro-
versy ; and it does seem to me that a call
which shall settle this vexed question between
them is only right and just as between the
parties on each side of the controversy; and
for that reason, and for the precise reason
that has been stated so well by the Senator
from Ohio, I would grant to these persons, as
I would grant to any other Senators in this
body, the information sought. I will therefore
vote for the resolution circumscribed to the
States named in it, and I will then readily and
cheerfully vote for a general resolution that
shall call all that information here, that we
may see and learn and know the names and
character of the men who fill these various
places.
I want to say here that my experience tells
me that in efficiency, in promptness, and in
integrity, the service of these Departments for
thirty long years lias never been as well ad-
ministered as it is this very day, and I say that
l'rom personal experience ; and I say that all
this hue and cry gotten up over the country
until men's minds are confused and nobody
knows hardly what to believe and what to dis-
believe, will be swept away as the sun drives
the mist away when we get at "the identical
names and send them home to our respective
States, where they are known and where their
neighbors and their friends can judge whether
we have acted wisely, honestly, and properly
in the recommendations we have made. But
that is outside of the question here now. I
think as a matter of fairness and justice the
resolution, in its circumscribed form, should
be passed, and I will vote for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator who offers this resolution speaks of hav-
ing confined it to those who have brought this
matter to the notice of the Senate, and speaks
of what has been said about' hanging around
the skirts of power and soliciting office, and so
on, which is testified to by Mr. Cox, the former
Secretary of the Interior, as I read a day or
two ago in the Senate. That is the abuse.
Now, it is a little singular that the Senator
from New York who offers this resolution, if
he intended to embrace in it those who had
brought this matter to the notice of the Sen-
ate, should have left out of the resolution the
very Senator who first paraded in this Senate
the recommendations of an individual. All
the remarks that had been made in the Sen-
ate, were of a general character ntft appli-
cable to any particular Senator unlesa he
chose to apply them to himself, till the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] in his place
stated that the Departments had been ran-
sacked in reference to myself, and that he had
seen a tabulated statement of the number of
recommendations to office that had been made
by me.
The Senator from New York leaves out of
his resolution the very person that first brought
the matter into the Senate in reference to in-
dividual Senators, and compelled me, in order
to correct the misapprehension which the state-
ment of the Senator from Indiana made, to call
for the papers and show that instead of solicit-
ations for office they had been in a large ma-
jority of cases merely references of papers,
references of petitions for little post offices
sent to me which I had referred to the Depart-
ments. That does not come at all within that
class of abuse which was complained of. No-
body has complained of that sort of thing.
But it was because there were members of
Congress who were hanging around the De-
partments and taking up the time of the Sec-
retaries and of the President, as is stated by
the former Secretary of the Interior, that some
reform was needed, for that was the abuse.
I was put to the trouble of calling upon the
Departments in order to correct the statement
made by the Senator from Indiana, and show
its utter untruth, to call for the papers them-
selves which have been sent by me to the De-
partments, and to take up«the titae of the Sen-
ate in correcting the misapprehension which
his remarks had made; and he is the very per-
son that brought it in here. The Senator from
New York does not include him at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Would investigating his
record cast any light on that ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would investigating the
record of the Senator from Nebraska cast any
light upon that?
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to answer him ? I thought it would, as I
' heard that Senator sometime ago read a speech
in which he named New York as one of the
aggravated instances where this had happened,
and his allusion was so unmistakable that i
could not misunderstand it. I thought it due
to him to include him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know why it
would not have thrown light upon it to have
called for the recommendations of the Senator
from Indiana, the only Senator who had brought
the matter here ; the very person.
Mr. CONKLING. Very likely I am in fault
about it, but if the Senator will allow me, I
will state my understanding. I did not know
what light it would throw to show that thejSen-
ator from Indiana had made recommendations,
which he had avowed over and' over again.
When he made this charge agaSnst the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, I thought it would
throw light to include him, but I did not see
how any light would be thrown on his record
by investigating the Senator from Indiana,
who had avowed over and over again that he
made a great many recommendations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought it 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
