1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2523
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 341) to reduce the rates of
correspondence by telegraph, and to connect
the telegraph with the postal service, have
instructed me to report it with an amendment
in the nature of a substitute; and I give notice
that I shall call up the bill at an early day.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 157) for
the relief of Robert Brigham, late postmaster
• at Franklin, Pennsylvania, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 720) for the relief
of John Milone, postmaster at Uhrieksville,
Ohio, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. W1ND0M. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill .(H. R. No. 1027) to perfect navigation
on the Mississippi river, to report it without
amendment; and J ask that it be acted upon
now. It will take but a moment. It has passed
the House, and has three times been reported
from the Committee on Pubiic Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
are on the floor with reports, which is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. WINDOA1. Then I will withdraw the
report.
Mr. CONItLING. I rose to ask to call up
House bill No. '2036, for the relief of James
A. Bell, which will take but a moment, and if
it is taken up I will yield at once to the morn-
ing business.
Mr. FERIIY, of Connecticut. I am in-
structed by the committee which I represent
to make several reports, and to ask to have
one bill put upon its passage when I report it.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the Senator. It he will allow this
bill to be taken up, I will then give way to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York asks unanimous consent to
take up the bill(.H. R. No. 2086) for the relief
of J ames A. Bell, subject to the morning busi-
ness. The Chair hears no objection, and the
bill is taken up. Reports from committees are
still in order.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
petition of D. J. Powers, praying relief for
non payment of final fees oil a patent, have
instructed me to report it adversely. The peti-
tioner made application for a patent in 1862.
An order for its issue was made and transmit-
ted to him, but not reaching him the final fees
were not paid. He did not, however, pursue
his application, and it has lain for eight years
iu the Patent Office. During that time other
inventions of a similar character have made
Ins valuable, and now, at the expiration of
this time, he desires to have permission to
■ pay the final fees, so that he may obtain the
issue of his patent. The committee thought
such a bill would be a dangerous precedent,
and have therefore instructed me to report
adversely upon the petition.
Ttie VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
wilt be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
petition of J. L. Ilenry, praying compensa-
tion for the use of his patent improvement
in projectiles, asked to be discharged _from
its further (consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to. *
Mr, FERRY, of Connecticut. lhe same
committee, to whom was referred the petition
of Elizabeth N. Jackson, praying for the
renewal of letters-patent granted .to her late
husband,'Timothy D. Jackson, tor a new and
useful enuueiator or bell telegraph, have
directed me to report it adversely. There hag
already been a monopoly of twenty-one years
for this patent, there having been an extension
by the Commissioner, and there is no sufficient
reason, in the opinion of the committee, for
taking it out of the operation of the general
law. We therefore recommend against the
renewal and move the indefinite postponement
of the petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The same
committee, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 800) to repeal the act approved March
11, 1872, for the relief of George YV. Morse,
have directed me to report it back with the
recommendation that the bill be indefinitely
postponed, there being no sufficient reason
shown to the committee for the repeal of such
an act. I move the indefinite postponement
of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I will not
report the bill at present which I said I would
ask to have put on its passage.
Mr. PllATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
James Morris, praying for a pension, sub-
mitted an adverse report, thereon, which was
ordered to be printed, and the committee
was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Louisa Busha,
mother of the late Abram Bu3ha, praying for
the payment of arrears of pension, asked
to be discharged from its further consider-
ation ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Pieuben
Goodrich, receiver of public moneys at Carver
City, Minnesota, praying the reimbursement
of moneys paid to Morgan Bates, formerly
register of the land office at that place, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
990) for the relief of Reuben Goodrich.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 882) to authorize
the settlement of the claim of the Wilmington
and Manchester Railroad Company, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will bepostponed indefinitely.
Mr. COLE. Let the bill go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
go on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2206) for the payment of R. M.
Green for the use of his patent bythe Govern-
ment, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 903) for the
relief of George A. Stevens, United States
Navy, reported it without amendment.
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1416) for the relief of Albert
W. Gray, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of George Jenkins, praying for a pension,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to, the peti-
tioner having been allowed a pension, since his
application here, at the Pension Office.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to ;
The petition uf Sarali Graffan Glover, pray-
ing thai a pension be granted to her sister,
Deborah Nout,on:
The petition of Sarah Graffan Glover, pray-
ing that a pension be granted to her sister,
Pamelia Allen;
A petition of soldiers of the war of 1812,
praying that they be allowed pensions ;
A petition of soldiers and sailors, praying for
pensions aud equalization of bounties, back
pensions, one hundred and sixty acres of land,
and the creation of a soldiers' commission ; and
The petition of Edward Mason, late a private
company C, fifty-fifth regiment Pennsylvania
volunteers, praying for the passage of a law
repealing the act of July, 1864, so far as the
same applies t.o his application for a pension.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, t.o whom were referred
the petition of Daniel Sullivan, praying for an
increase of pension, and the petition of Cath-
erine Weber, widow of Sylvester Dreyer, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension, asked to be dis-
charged from their farther consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the petition of
settlers and miners of New Mexico, praying for
the settlement of the differences between the
settlers and miners of Colfax county, in that
Territory, and the Maxwell Land Grant and
Railway Company, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands; which
was agreed to.
JOHN CARBAUGII.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of citizens
of J"uniata county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the passage of a special act granting a pension
to John Carbaugh, late a private of company
A, forty-sixth regiment Pennsylvania volun-
teers, have directed me to report a bill grant-
ing him a pension, accompanied by a written
report. I move that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In accordance
with the custom of the Senate, if there be no
objection, the bill, being a pension bill, will
be acted upon now.
The bill (S. No. 989) granting a pension to
John Carbaugh, a private of company A, forty-
sixth regiment Pennsylvania voluuteeis, was
read three times, and passed. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of John
Carbaugh, a private of company A, forty-sixth
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers.
WILLIAM HUTCHISON.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, a week since
I reported from the Committee on Pensions
Senate bill No. 954, granting a pension to Wil-
liam Hutchison, minor son of Joseph Hutchi-
son, deceased. There was a report in the
case, which was ordered to be printed. I did
not at the time ask the consent of the Senate
that the bill bo put on its passage. 1 now ask
that it may be put on its passage. It is the
only pension bill on the Calendar.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
954) granting a pension to William Hutchison,
minor son of Joseph Hutchison, deceased,
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It authorizes
and directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limi'ations of the pension laws,
the name of William Hutchison, minor son of
Joseph Hutchison, deceased, of which minor
Cicero Sims, of Clinton county, Indiana, is
guardian.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, lead the third time, and pasted.
ELIZABETH HARDING.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Pensions, to
whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 1946)
granting a pension to Elizabeth Harding, to
