1628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
hour has expired, aud the appropriation bill is
before the Senate,
Mr. TRUMBULL. One moment.
Ms. MORTON. I hope this discussion will
be allowed to'gcf on.
■ Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought it would have
thrown some light to let the country see how
many relatives and friends the Senator fcom
Indiana had been forcing into office. I thought
80. If we , are going to inquire, let us have
that information.
Mr, COLE, I demand the regular order.
.The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropria-
tion bill is before the Senate, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. LooaxJ to the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] in
regard to increased salaries.
Mr. LOGAN. I shall make the same mo-
tion when this resolution is called up to-mor-
row, to lay it on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That subject has
passed from the consideration of the Senate,
and the appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I am seeking the ear
of the Chair and the honorable Senator from
California to request that he allow the bill to
be laid aside informally that the Senator from
Illinois may complete his remarks, and let us
vote. It will take less time now. It has been
up two morning hours. It has been talked
out two morning hcfurs.
Mr. COLE. Is the motion to postpone
debatable ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent to pass over informally the
appropriation bill, but a motion can be made
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not want to do
that. I hope the honorable Senator by con-
sent will let us go on for a few moments. I
presume that the Senator from Illinois does
not want to talk very long.
Mr. MORTON. X hope the Senator from
Illinois will be allowed to conclude his re-
marks. 1
Mr. COLE. It does seem to me that it is
time the Senate disposed of this business. It
appears to me not only trifling, but very small
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no remarks to
make. The vote may be taken, so far as I
am concerned.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I insist on
the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is the appropriation bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say a word to
the Senator from California. I am one of his
faithful followers about the appropriation bill;
but he cannot by mere objections advance his
bill. In the first place, on the appropriation
bill he cannot prevent any Senator from dis-
cussing this very line of topic which we are*
engaged in.,
Mr. COLE. You may discuss itat that time.
Mr. CONKLING. And I think my friend
would gain sometimes if he would be a little
more acquiescent. I venture to make that sug-
gestion to him. and I submit it to his better
judgment. Now, the Senator from Illinois has
said that he has concluded his remarks. I think
no other Senator wants to pursue this matter,
and that we can vote on this resolution, and
therefore, as the Senator from California puts
it to me, I.willmake the motion to displace the
appropriation bill, and if he consents, I pre-
sume the Senator from Connecticut will not
insist on his objection and we can take the vote
informally; otherwise, I shall make the motion.
Will the Senator from Connecticut be kind
enough to indicate whether he will withdraw his
objection if the Senator from California will ?
Mr, FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I am of opinion that this discussion is
not only- not of any use to the public interest,
but is prejudicial to the public interest. I
think the resolution from beginning to end is
prejudicial to the public interest, and that on
either side it is best that this discussion should
stop ; and because I think so, I have insisted
upon the regular order, and if a motion is
made to lay aside the regular order or post-
pone it, I certainly shall be opposed to that,
and I shall call the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to postpone the
appropriation bill. I shall withdraw it in a
moment. I make the motion that I may
be in order in saying a word in reply to the
Senator from Connecticut. I think—and I
say it good-naturedly but earnestly—that it
is high time to have an end of the one-sided
discussion on this subject which has proceeded
in this Chamber, without ever wearying the
Senator from Connecticut that I have ob-
served, or interfering unpleasantly with his
sense of what should be done with the public
business; it is high time that some members
of this body should cease casting reflections
upon others, if we are to be met morning
hour after morning hour with obstructive de-
bate and amendments which exhaust that hour,
and prevent a vote, when we ask to pass a sim-
ple resolution of inquiry to know the truth.
I differ at this point with the Senator from
Connecticut. Too much of this session has
been wasted in political discussion and in
other similar things. There I agree with him,
and I have been of that opinion perhaps longer
than the Senator. But this proceeding is not
valueless; as to discussion there is no need of
it. If it be true that Senators of the United
States are idling and sinning away their time
in "hanging about" Departments, in "cling-
ing," in the language of one Senator, "to the
skirts of power, 110 matter through what mire
that skirt may be dragged;" if they are en-
gaged in peddling patronage for votes and
preferences when an oath rests upon them to
give thoir time and faculties to the public busi-
ness here, it is good for the public weal that
.the country should know it. And if, 011 the
contrary, "independent" Senators or "inde-
pendent" newspapers, in the name of reform
or in any other name, are filling the country
with the false impression that time is so wasted
and influence prostituted and wrong done,
when the contrary is true, I think it is useful
and valuable and high time that the fact should
be known.
I say to the honorable Senator from Illinois
farthest from me [Mr. Logan] that I am not
" smarting," as he suggested, under anything
in regard to this matter. In an humble and
limited way I have been too long subjected to
newspaper and political abuse and attack to
smart under such things, and particularly in
regard to a matter which, I agree with the
Senator from Illinois, in itself, truthfully stated,
implies no wrong, and in regard to which no
Senator can commit any offense unless by
some abuse he commits.
It is not because I am " smarting " under
the insinuations we have so often heard that
I seek this information. My motive is this—I
will speak of it frankly—it is to dispel one of
the greatest delusions, one of the most shame-
less frauds that ever was palmed off since
Adam's fall.
I read newspapers stating pretended facts
in regard to Senators, not myself alone, stat-
ing pretended facts in reference to public offi-
cers, and I lay them down believing that never
since the human tongue wagged, never since
printing came into the world, was a com-
munity victimized by more preposterous, more
absurd, more truthless impositions, than those
which go out, and go largely from this Capitol.
Here is one- prolific theme of misrepresenta-
tion which we can pin. By a simple resolu-
tion we can nail it to the counter. I want to
do it, and I want the cooperation of my gallant
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] who never
was afraid to take the responsibility that be-
longs to him.
I had no idea in drawing this resolution
that I should cause him to flinch. O11 the
contrary, in drawing the resolution and placing
myself first, it never occurred to me that I
could give offense to any other Senator. [Mr.
Logan rose.] Pardon me a moment. I had
never made any inquiry of any head of a
Department touching the other Senator from
Illinois or touching any member of this body
unless myself, and I am glad to be reminded
of this, because it is possible, from a remark
of the Senator from Illinois, that he supposes
some inquiry had been made by me touching
him.
I took it for granted that these Senators who
were so conspicuously fastidious aud pure, who
never "clung to the skirts of power," who
never were " henchmen," who were "inde-
pendent" to sublimity, who are for reforming
everything; I took it for granted that their
record would be white as wool, and that they
would welcome, or, as one of them is accus-
tomed to say, would " hail" such an inquiry.
Therefore I offered my resolution in courtesy,
not in rudeness toward anybody, and with no
feeling except that which 1 have avowed already.
I admit a feeling of restiveness at seeing enorm-
ous misrepresentations going over the country,
many of which were spread by remarks made
in this Chamber, remarks, I say to the senior
Senator from Illinois,-not "general," as he
suggests now—if he will look at the Globe
he will find his recollection is at fault there—
but aimed unerringly not only at me' but some-
times at me alone, not embracing the Senator
from Indiana or any other Senator.
In one form or another this information will
yet come to the public. I shall persist until
it becomes improper for me to do so longer in
my attempt to get this resolution adopted. I
shall bring it up with diligence. I shall not
subject myself again in my absence to the
chiding of any Senator for not having been
more speedy and diligent in getting up this
resolution. I shall not make to my honor-
able friend from Indiana auother promise that
I will not move it while he is absent, even if
his absence is as short as he thought it would
be the other day.
I shall press the resolution to a vote, and if
in the end I fail to obtain a vote, then I shall
resort to any other mode of information fair
and just, unless those who have brought in this
topic so often think they have had enough of
it, and we cease to hear any more of this talk
about those who are the favorites of the Exec-
utive, and who fill the offices with their friends
and carry State conventions by having their
friends in office, and organize Legislatures by
having all space filled by the creatures of offi-
cial power. When gentlemen who have invited
these discussions aud indulged in them have
enough of it, even without the information, the
rest of us may possibly get along; but let us
have the truth or let us have peace.
Now, Mr. President, I owe an apology for
the time I have occupied. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] wished to ask me some
question.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not care to ask it now.
I merely wish to say one word, if the Senator
will allow me, not in response to him at all,
but in reference to my own action.
Mr. CONKLING. I yield the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I moved to lay this whole mat-
ter on the table, because, as I said, I thought
it a ridiculous proceeding; but inasmuch as I
find that there is some feeling in reference to
it, and as the Senator from New York seems
to believe—whether his imagination is correct
or not makes no difference; it is the same
thing if he does believe it—that he has been
greatly wronged, and may be injured if this is
not done, I, in order that he may be gratified,
withdraw all opposition to the resolution, and
I am willing that it shall pass.
Mr. FENTON. I am glad that my friend
from Illinois has not renewed his motion to
lay the resolution on the table. I rise now
simply to state that I shall vote against the
motion to postpone the regular order, but I
shall vote for the amendment of the Senator
