4316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
ations for the construction, preservation, and
repair of certain fortifications and other works
of defense;
An act (H. R. No. 2208) making appropri-
ations for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 2264) to authorize the
Cattaraugus and Alleghany Indians in New
York to lease lands and confirm leases;
An act (H. R. No. 2413) granting a pension
to George W. Parris ; and
An act (H. R. No. 2858) authorizing the
Secretary of War to release twenty-five acres
of the land of the United States at Plattsburg,
New York, to the New York and Canada Bail-
road Coftipany, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, and requested the con-
currence of the House in bills of the following
titles:
A bill (S. No. 884) for the relief of the sure-
tics of Frederick Boehmler, of the State of
Iowa;
A bill (S. No. 990) to authorize inquiries
into the causes of steam-boiler explosions ;
A bill (S. No. 1112) for the relief of Cap-
tain Lyman J. Ilissong, of Henry county,
Ohio;
A bill (S. No. 1130) to authorize the adop-
tion of a system of general regulations for
the use of the Array of the United States;
and
A bill (S. No. 11G1) for the relief of Harriet
W. Pond.
MARSHAI, OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
The SPEAK KK. The Chair lays before
the House the following concurrent resolution
from the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows :
In thkSknate of tiik United Statics,
Juno 4, 187U.
4 Hnohetl hy the Senate, (the House of Ropre.sonta-
tives uonourrinp,) That tho joint Committee on Un-
rolled iiilN he direct,I'd to ijinort in tho enrollment
of tho hill (11. It. N o. 26&0 to grant additional com-
pensation to tho marshal of tho district of  South
Carolina for the period ol four months :in<l ton days,
tho word "May" in lieu of the word "Apiil," which
w s by mintuue uisort-od in tho amendment of tho
Scnalo tosukl bill,and was concur rod in by tho IIouho,
jiml tho Committee on J'hirolled Bills ho imt.hori'/.ed
looorroo* said mistake in the enrollment of «uid bill.
Mr. I'K PIOUS, Thai uliould ho "May"
instead of ''April." lam cognizant of the
fuel.
Tho resolution was ooncurrnd in.
HIiHKIlMiK UKRKY.
Tho SPKAKKR. The bill (S. No. 036) for
the relief of tilhridgp ( orry hanbuftii returned
from I lie Senate with the amoiidmont of the
House concurred in with an amendment.
The original bill, which was read, provides
that the Secretary of the Treaxury ho aulhor-
m>d to pay (o J'Jlbiidge (Jerry the stun of$7,050,
out of any monejs in the Treasury belonging
to, or which may hereafter become due to,
the following Indian tribes, and in full of afl
his demand?* against them on account of loss
of stock in the years 1801 and 1805, to wit, the
Cheyenues, iiru!6 Sioux, and Ogallal la Sioux 5
the money to be paid from the respective funds
of the tribes, as follows : from the fund of the
Oheyennes $3,800 ; from the fund ofthc Brul6
Hioux, $1,050 ; and from the fund of tho Ogal-
IhHh Sioux $3,300.
The amendment of the House was as fol-
lows:
Strikeout all after the cnacting el.iusc and insert
'th.it there he, and is hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury of the United States not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of £13,200 to bo paid
by t he Secretary of the Treasury to Elbridgc Gerry in
juJJ compensation for valuable service rendered to
the Government in 1&34."
The amendment of thoSeuateto the amend-
ment of the House is as follows:
Add after tlio amendment of the House the fol-
lowing:
And for all claims for Indian depredations up to
the date of the passage ol this act.
Mr. SHANKS. I move concurrence in the
Senate amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
HOMESTEAD SETTLERS BURNED OOT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following concurrent resolution from the
Senate:
In the Sknate of the United States,
June 5. 1872.
Resolved by the Senate, (tho House of Represent-
atives concurring.) That the joint Committee on En-
rolled Bills be directed to correct tho enrollment
of the bill (S. No. 546) relative to homestead settlers
burned out in the States of Minnesota, Wisconsin,
and Michigan, by inserting after the word " States,"
in lino eleven of the enrolled bill, the words "who
wero burned out," and by striking out the words
" who burned out," in line twelvo of said bill.
The resolution was concurred in.
CHARLES HIPP.
The SPEAKER. The hill (H. E. No.
120y) for the relief of Charles Hipp, of St.
Mary's, Auglaize county, Ohio, has been re-
turned from the Senate with amendments,
which will be read.
The Cleric read as follows:
Strike out" throo " and insert " twostrike out
"twenty-three" and insert " eighty-eight conts
insert "four," and " and fifty-eight centsstrike
out "tww h"undrcd ftud seventy-one" and insert
"ninety-eisl-it;" strike out "eighty-eight" and
insort" forty-two."
Mr. IIOLMA.N. I ask that the bill be read
■so we may understand the effect of the amend-
ments.
The Clerk read the bill as it would be if
amended, as follows:
That the Secretary of tho Treasury bo, and ho is
hereby, direotod to pav to Charles Hipp, postmaster
at St, Mary's, Auglaize county, Ohio, the sum of
^; .:;12-1 5S of said sum boirtK postage stamps on
hand deposited with him as such postmaster tor sulc,
and $08 42 hoinsr cash on hand derived from the
money-order business of said olhee; which was
stolen on tho night of tho 16th of June, 1871, by
some person or persons unknown, who burglari-
ously entered said office and forced an entrance into
the iron safe in which said money was deposited, by
blowing wnid safe open with gunpowder ; and which
sa.ul sum of money has been accounted for by said
Hipp.
Mr. LAMISON. I move those amend-
ments be non-concurred in and the House ask
for a committee of conference.
Tho motion was agreed to.
TIIKODOKK ADAMS.
Tho SPEAKER. When the House ad-
journed on Tuesday, there was a division called
on the bill for the relief of Theodore Adams.
Mr. PETERS. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs [Mr. Sconuu>] is
absent, and 1 hope that bill will bo allowed to
go over.
Mr. HOLMAN. The yeas and nays were
called for, and if the bill go over will it affect
that call ?
The SPEAKER. Tt will not.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I hope the hill
will be allowed to lie on the table.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
CLAIMS COMMISSION.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (H. R. No. 2582) making appropriations
for the payment of claims reported allowed by
the commissioners of claims, under the act
of Congress of March 3,1871, with an amend-
ment by the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move that the
House non-concur in the amendment of the
Senate and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as managers of
the conference on the part of the House, Mr.
Blair ol Michigan, Mr. Buckley of Ala-
bama, and Mr. Hoi-man of Indiana.
ROBERT B. WILLIAMSON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2807) for the relief of
Robert B. Williamson, with an amendment by
the Senate.
The amendment was read as follows:
Strike out in line five of tho bill "$817" and insert
in lieu thereof " $567so it will read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to Robert B. Williamson the sum of $567, &c.
Mr. BUCKLEY. This is simply a reduc-
tion in the amount allowed. I move that the
amendment of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
FEKSACOLA AND LOUISVILLE RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1002) granting the right
of way through the public lands to the Pen-
sacola and Louisville Railroad Company of
Alabama.
The bill was read. It grantsthe right of way
through the public lands to the Pensacolaand
Louisville Railroad Company, of Alabama, for
the construction of a railroad, and the right
to take from the public lands adjacent to the
line of the road, material for the construc-
tion of said road. The right of way is granted
to the company to the extent of one hun-
dred feet on each side of the road where it
may pass through the public lands ; also the
necessary lands for stations, buildings, de-
pots, workshops, machine-shops, side-tracks,
switches, turn-tables, and water-stations, not
to exceed forty acres in any one place. The
acceptance of the provisions of the act by the
said company, and a map of the location of the
road, and the lands to be reserved for build-
ings and uses of said road, shall be filed with
the Secretary of the Interior within one year
from the passage of the act; and the road
shall be finished within five years from tho
passage of the act. Said road shall be a post
and military road, and shall have the power of
making running connections for the transporta-
tion of mails, military and naval supplies, pas-
sengers, and freights of all kinds, and the run-
ning of freight-cars, without the breaking of
bulk, whenever the interests of the public and
of commerce between the States will be ad-
vanced thereby, with any other road which has
heretofore received, or may hereafter receive,
aid from the United States for the construction
thereof, on fair aud equitable terms, and pro
rata between tho roads, in proportion to the
length of the several roads ; and in the event
of a disagreement between the said road and
any other road having so received aid from
the Unitod States for the construction thereof,
and connecting with the said Peiisacola and
Louisville railroad, then the Secretary of the
Interior shall establish such rates for the trans-
portation of mails, freights, and passengers,
and running connections as are provided for
in the act, and also establish such regulations
as may bo requisite for the enforcement of
the provisions of the act. Congress shall,
in its discretion, have the power to alter,
amend, or repeal the act. Nothing in the
act shall be so construed as to invalidate
the claim of any actual preemption or home-
stead settlers.
Mr. WINCHESTER. I ask that this bill
be put upon its passage.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. WINCHESTER. I desire to make a
very brief statement iii regard to this bill.
This company only asks the right of way
through a very uarrow strip of public land,
extending a distance of eight mileS from the
Alabama line to Pollard, where the railroad
makes a junction with the Mobile and Mont-
gomery road. I am informed by Senator
Oshorx that the distance is only six or eiirht
miles.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Is it a rsilroad company
of Alabama, or a Louisville company?
Mr. WINCHESTER. It is incorporated in
Alabama.
