732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
APPELLATE JURISDICTION SUPBEME COURT.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 891) to fur-
ther regulate the appellate jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court, and to prevent delays therein,
reported yesterday from the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws; and the pending ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Merrick,] which
the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That appeals find writs of error from tbo
supreme court of the "District of Columbia to the
Supreme Court of the United States shull remain as
nowjprovided by law in nil cases where the matter
in dispute shall exceed the gum of $2,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following amendment to the first section.
The Clerk read as follows :
And provided the right of appeal and to prose-
cute writs of error shall remain as it is now regulated
by law in all cases in winch the amount in contro-
versy exceeds $2,000, which have been decided by the
district judge presiding alone in the circuit court
and exercising the powers of circuit judgo'.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 now
yield to my colleague on the committee from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. POLAND. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland.
The Clerk read as follows:
But nn writ of error or appeal shell bo allowed
from any judgment or decree herenfter made by the
supreme court of either of tho Territories of the
United States, or of the District of Columbia, unless
tho matter in dispute, exclusivo ol costs,shall exceed
the value of $5,000.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say a word in
reference to the substitute I have offered for
the amendment of the gentleman from Mary-
land.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs the gen-
tleman to suspend a moment in order that the
gentleman from Maryland may indicate where
lie desires his amendment to be attached.
Mr. MERRICK. I desi re it to he attached
to the first section of the bill.
Mr. POLAND. In the bill which the com-
mittee reported, we propose to put cases in
the Territories on the same footing precisely
as the coutts in the several States; that in
order to allow a writ of error, or an appeal
from the decision of the highest court of the
Territory, it shall only be in consequence of
the nature of the question involved, entirely
irrespective of amounts; and I do not, see, Mr.
Speaker, why, upon principle, this portion of
the bill should not be adopted. Tho judicial
system in the Territories, and in this District,
is precisely the same as we have, in the State of
Vermont, in the Stan: of New Hampshire, and
in the various other States, where one of the
judees presides at the jury term for the trial
of all cases; and questions of law, winch are
reserved upon the trial, are carried up and are
decided by the full bench. The system is pre-
cisely the same, 1 say, in the Territories and in
this Districtas itisin Verniontand New Hamp-
shire and many of the smaller States, where a
large force of circuit judges is not required.
And therefore no reason can bo urged, which I
can see, why there should be any distinction or
ditfe rence between cases decided by the highest
court in a Territory and those decided by the
highest court in a State, except it be in tho
character of the judges ; and fiom what I know
of the appointment of judges in this District
and in the Territories, I believe their judges
will compare favorably enough with judges
in the Slate courts. But if the House does
not see fit to adopt this provision of putting
the decision of the judgments of the highest,
courts in the Territories on the same footing as
those in the State courts, then I think there
should be a limitation upon the amount.
Now, cases in this District can be appealed
to the Supreme Court of the United States
without reference to the amount involved. If
there be $1,000 involved, they have a right to
appeal any case to the Supreme Court of the
United States and have a decision there. And
I am not aware that there is any limitation as
to the amount in the Territories. Therefore,
if the House see fit to say that the provisions
which the committee have introduced into
this bill shall not be adopted as it stands, I
think it should adopt the amendment I have
offered.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman from Ver-
mont allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. HOAK. I understand that the courts
in this District exercise a supervisory power,
by way of mandamus, over the action of high
officers of the Government, affecting private
rights incidentally by orders of that kind. I
wish to ask, is the power of revising such action,
if it shall be taken hereafter by the court of
the District, already secured by the bill as it
now stands?
Mr. POLAND. I understand that the
Supreme Court of the United States hold that
tho court of the District has no such power.
Mr. IIOAR. I do not understand that the
decision of the Supreme Court denies the
power altogether. 1 do not speak by way of
laisingan objection, but to bring the matter
to the attention of the gentlemen on the com-
mitice.
Mr. POLAND. I think that on looking at
the section in the existing law, although I have
not recently read it, the gentleman will find
that there is nothing in his objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Tn regard
to the amendment of tho gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Merrick,] 1 desire to say but a
single word. Upon examination it appears
that, there were seventeen cases of errors and
appeals from the District, before the Supreme
Court under a power now of allowing a case
to be appealed involving $1,000. There is a
further piovision in the existing law, which
my colleague [Mr. FIoau] is now reading, that
the Supreme Court may allow an appeal in any
case, even down to $100, where a question of
law is involved which any one justice thinks
of sufficient consequence to be examined by
tho Supreme Court of the United States; so
that, the people of tins District have more
rights now of appeal to the Supreme Court
than are allowed to tho people of any of the
States in the Union; and they have more
litigation before the Supreme Court than the
people of any Slate in the Union. This in-
cicases the labors of the court very greatly,
because it gives the people of the District
of Columbia the Supreme Court of the United
Stales almost as convenient to them as a county
court to the people of a State. I trust the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Merrick] will not be adopted, even with
the limit, of $5,000, and certainly not as the
law now stands.
Mr. MERUICK. I have no objection, Mr.
Speaker, to modify the amendment which I
offered yesterday, by limiting the amount to
$5,000 instead of $2,000, thus putting the court
of the District on a level with all the other
circuit courts of the United States.
Mr. B UTLEK, of Massachusetts. Then yon
do not need the amendment.
Mr. MERRICK. It is a great mistake to
suppose that the supreme court of the District
of Columbia stands at all in the attitude of
State courts. It exercises Federal jurisdic-
tion. A large class of cases involving ques-
tions of Federal law are constantly arising in
the supreme court of the District of Columbia ;
and when that court was originally constituted
it was as part of the system of the. various
circuit courts then contemplated and provided
by law. It is not for the purpose of placing
the courts of the District of Columbia in any
better attitude than the courts of the States
that I offer this amendment. As I remarked
yesterday, the States themselves make what-
ever provisions they think just and right for the
revision of decisions of any of their inferior
tribunals. They establish such appellate tri-
bunals as they think, in their discretion and
within the scope of their sovereignty within
their own States, essential to preserve the in-
tegrity and purity and uniformity of the admin-
istration of justice. The District of Columbia
stands as oneofthe circuit courts of the United
States, and in order that it maybe placed upon
the proper level, and the laws be administered
in the District of Columbia in conformity to the
laws throughout the Union, it is right and
proper that there should be an appeal from
the supreme court of the District of Columbia
to the Supreme Court of the United States.
Very large interests are constantly involved
in the courts of the District of Columbia, large
interests, affectingthe citizens of various States
of this Union, because the courts of this Dis-
trict have jurisdiction over any and everybody
here rafa'one personal. Whenever a man comes
within the District of Columbia then the court
has jurisdiction of his rights. Oftentimes ques-
tions of the largest property interest, involving
citizens all over these United States are, sub-
jected to the jurisdiction of this tribunal. I
remember, for example, one occasion when
there was a controversy before the court of
the District of Columbia involving the title to
the largest mine in the State of California, the
largest quicksilver mine in the known world,
which was brought here for adjudication as to
the rights of citizens of various parts of this
country who happened to be here, and to whom
jurisdiction attached by virtue of their pres-
ence here. And it is not merely for the benefit
of citizens of this District of Columbia, but, it
is for the benefit of citizens of all these United
States who maybe subjected to the large juris-
diction of its courts, that there should be some
appeal from their decisions to the Supreme
Court of the United States. The Territories
of these United States should not be analogized
at all to the District of Columbia, because they
are in a mere transitionary state, about to be
recognized in the sisterhood of States, and then
their jurisdiction may be rightfully determined
by the legislative bodies of those respective
political organizations, according to the wis-
dom of those who have legislative control and
discretion over the welfare of the citizens
within those particular Territories.
Mr..BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I must
really resume the floor, because we have other
.reports to make during this hour.
Mr. MERRICK. I desire to yield for a
moment to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. L. Myers,] that he may further argue
this question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts claims the floor.
Mr. MERRICK. I suppos ed, sir, that I was
entitled to it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
resumed the floor, but I am willing that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania shall be heard.
Mr. L. MYERS. I will not occupy one
minutes of the time of the House. I desire
to say that the supreme court of the District
of Columbia now has jurisdiction of all suits
and controversies in regard to patent cases,
and that, under the general patent law writs
of error or appeal lie to the Supreme CJourt
of the United States in respect to all such
cases, and yet this will be prevented by the
provisions of this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire,
in answer to both the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Maryland and ot the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, to have read the four-
teenth section of the act of 1801. 1 desire to
state that the law provides that where any
question of any consequence arises in the
District of Columbia, it can be carried up by
appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States, it any judge can be found to believe it
of such importance. Will the Clerk read the
section?
The Clerk read as follows :
When any person or persons, body politic or cor-
porate, shallthink him, her, or themselves, aggrieved
byt any final judgment, order or decree of the said cir-
cuit court, where the matter in dispute, exclusive of
