1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
costs, shall be of the value of $100, and of less value
than SI,000, and shall have prayed an appeal or shall
desire to sno out a writ of error to the Supreme Court
of tho United States, such person or persons, body
politic or corporate, may exhibit a petition in writ-
ing, accompanied by a copy of the proceedings com-
plained of, and an assignment of the errors relied
on, to any judge of the Supreme Court, who, if ho
shall be of opinion that such errors or any of them
involve questions of law of such extensive interest
and operation as to render a final decision of them
by the said Supreme Court desirable, thereupon, at
his discretion, and upon tho terms and conditions
prescribed by law, by his order to be directed to the
clerk of tho county in which the proceedings shall
have been held, dircct such appeal to bo allowed
or writ of error to be passed, which shall be dono
accordingly.
Mr. MERRICK. If the gentleman wiil allow
me to explain with regard to that, that was
a discretionary power given to the Supreme
Court of the United States, to entertain ail
appeal from tho supreme court of the District
of Columbia in cases under one thousand dol-
lars, where tliequestion wasimportaut. But if
this bill passes in the form iu which it has been
reported by the committee, and is now under
the judgment of this House, all appeals of all
sorts will be taken away.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg tho
gentleman's pardon; this bill takes away the
right of appeal in all cases, but where a judge
thinks the matter of importance and no law is
involved, an appeal or writ of error will be
had.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the gentleman to
yield to mo to offer an amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. POTTER. I move to amend section
four, in line live, by inserting after the word
"court" the words '"or tho highest court in
any Territory and after the word " decree "
insert the word "therein." I only desire to
say that while we are depriving these Terri-
tories of appellate jurisdiction, we should
preserve to the Supreme Court the right of
review when the highest courts of the Terri-
tories differ m respect of the settlement of
those questions of law which affect the rights
of citizens. We have no power to secure
uniformity of decisions in respect of decisions
of law among the several States. But in giv-
ing up the right of appeal which the Territo-
ries now possess, we ought to secure to them
the privilege of final determination by the
Supreme Court, of the United States of partic-
ular questions which they may see fit to send
up. I understand this amendment meets the
approval of the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. ] have no
objection to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. T ask leave to offer a
substitute for tho amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
hear it.
Mr. BINGIIAM. I move to insert, in the
eighteenth line of the fourth section, after the
words "circuit courts," the words "of the
United States," which I suppose was intended
by the drafter of the bill.
Mr. AMBLER. I trust the chairman of the
committee will permit that amendment to be
adopted. It is the evident intention of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir,
of course.
Mr. AMBLER. I think there is no objec-
tion to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BINGIIAM. The other amendment I
desire to offer is to insert after the word
"court," and before the words "of any Ter-
ritory," in the proviso of the fourth section,
the words " of last resort;" and to strike out
the words "or to imprisonment in the peni-
tentiary" in the same proviso.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
agree to that.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of course you cannot
agree to it. What 1 want is a vote in the House
upon the amendment, and an understanding
of the significance to be attached to these
words.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly;
I will allow the amendment to be offered and
voted upon. And now I propose to call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. KERR. Before the previous question
is called, I ask the gentleman to allow me to
offer an amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
hear it.
Mr. KERR. I desire to move an amend-
ment, in the form of an additional section,
which I send to the Clerk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Six'.—. That from any final judgment of any
circuit court of the United States, upon any petition
for relief by a writ ot habeas corpus, under tho
provisions ot an act entitled "An act to amend an
act to establish the judicial courts of the United
States, approved September-!, 178'.)," approved Feb-
ruary 5.1S67, an appeal may be taken to the Supreme
Court of tiie United States on sueii terms and under
such reeulations and orders, as well for tho cus-
tody and appearance of tho person alleged to be re-
strained of his or her liberty as for sending up to
the appellate tribunal a transcript of tho petition,
writ, of habeas corpus, return thereto, and other pro-
ceedings, as may be prescribed by tho Supromo Court,
or, in default of such, as tho judge hearing said cause
may prescribe; and pending such proceedings or
appeal, and until final judgment be rendered there •
in, and after final judgment of dischargo m thosanie,
any proceeding against sueh person so alleged to bo
restrained of his or her liberty in anv State court,
or by or under tho authority of any State, for any
matter or thing so heard and determined, or iu pro-
cess of being heard aud determined, under and by
virtue of such writ of habeas corpus, shall bo deemed
null and void.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 suggest
to my friend from Indiana [Mr. KkiiuJ that
the provision he proposes had better be em-
braced in a separate bill. It is a very largo
subject, and may require a good deal of con-
sideration.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will allow me to make just one
suggestion. This amendment merely proposes
the reenactment of a provision of law which
was in force prior to 1808, aud was lepealed
in that year. The proposition for its reenaet-
ment has been pending before the Judiciary
Committee, and I believe the provision is so
entirely germane to the subject of this hill
relating to appeals, that it may he more prop-
erly enacted in this connection than anywhere
else. I think it entirely pertinent, t,o the bill ;
and certainly the interests of the country
require that at least as much consideration
shall be given to appeals in cases where liberty
and life are involved as in cases involving
merely dollars and cents.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
assent to the amendment for the very reason
that the gentleman from Indiana stales, that,
this very subject has been recoil'ly considered
by Congress and the provision repealed for
some good reason.
Mr. KERR. Four years ago.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Only four
years ago. 'The provision was a law and has
been repealed; and it would seem to me wise
that so great a change in the law should not
now be made without consideration by any
committee. If the gentleman would send a
bill of this kind to our committee we would
give it full consideration.
Mr. KERR. 1 believe I am right in saying
that tho provision was only repealed to keep
the McArdle case and two or three others out
of the Supreme Court of the United States
The reasons which actuated that, jepeal no
longer exist.
The SPEAKER. Doesthe gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to allow this amendment
to be offered?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. L. MYERS. In order that there may
be no misunderstanding. 1 desire to inquire ol
fhe gentleman friun Massachusetts whether
this section in any manner affects the light.ot
appeal iu eases adjudicated in ilio supreme
court of the District of Columbia—under
the patent laws ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It does
not.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Or patent cases
anywhere?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Pot,and] for the amendment
of tho gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Mer-
rick.] The amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland will be read first.
The Clerk read as follows;
At tho end of scetion one insert the following:
Provided further. That appeals and writs of error
from tho supremo court of the District of Columbia
to tho Supremo Court of thoUniled Slates shall re-
main as now provided by law in ail cases whero the
matter iu dispute shall not execcd the sum of $5,000.
The SPEAKER. The substitute proposed
by the gentleman from Vermont will now be
re a <!.
The Clerk read as follows:
And provided further. That no writ of error or
appeal shail be allowed from any judgment or decreo
hereatter made by tiio supremeeourt of eitherot tho
Territories of tho United States or of tlio District of
Columbia, unless tho matter in dispute, exclusive
of costs, shall exceed tho value of $.">,0U0.
On agreeing to the substitute of Mr. Poland,
there were—ayes 45, noes 65; no quorum
voting.
'Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Merrick
and Mr. PobAXD were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 05, noes 70.
So the substitute of Mr. Polaxd was not
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
agreeing to the amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Mkrrick.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise t.0
close the debate. I desire to call the attention
of the House to the exact action of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland. By
the reading of the law I have already shown
to tho House that iu any case of importance;
which any judge of the Supreme Court, thinks
involves any question of law of any general
interest, even though the amount involved be
only §100, an appeal is allowed in this District.
Now, this hill puts this District as a Terri-
tory on the same ground as all fhe States and
Territories of the United States. In putting
the people of this District upon this fooling,
we think we have secured to them all the rights
that anybody has, aud in addition to that, they
have what no one else has, an appeal upon any
question whatever when any judge of the Su-
preme Court thinks the question of sufficient
importance to be reexamined.
We are trying to pass this bill to relieve the
Supreme Court of the United States from its
present great pressure of business; but as all
the lawyers of this District can attend the
Supremo Court as well as they can the courts
of the District, they are tempted to appeal
every possible case, and so load down the
dockets of the court. There are now. I am
infoimed, some seventeen cases pending from
this District, a larger number than from any
State in tho United States, however large and
however commercial. That, being so, we simply
load tho docket of the Supreme Court, which
now has six hundred and one cases upon if. It
is undoubtedly a great convenience to lawyers
in this District to have the Supreme Court of
the United States, where they have tried and
failed before a court of five jtidgesof their own,
a etas a revisory court; but,, sir, if a man comes
from Oregon or from any other distant State to
argue a case $2,000 will not pay him. And
I trust this amendment, which simply provides
that this District shall have other and different
legal privileges from those enjoyed by the
States, will be voted down. I call the attention
of the IIou-,e to it because almost one quaiter
of Hie decisions thus far made in this term of
til-- conn, „>s I understand it, is in cases from
the Distiiet of Columbia. Their lawyers live
right here, convenient; they can go to that court
