1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1620
from Nebraska [Mr. Tipton] whenever the
resolution comes up so as not to interfere with
important public business. I hope that will
be to-morrow in the morning hour. I think
it is proper that this resolution should pass,
especially as my colleague deems it needful
for his own vindication, and I shall very cheer-
fully support it.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make a re-
mark because the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Nye] and one or two other Senators ar%here
now who were not here the other day when the
amendment of the Senator from Nebraska
[Mr. Tipton] was offered. I wish to say par-
ticularly to the Senator from Nevada that
although I intend to vote and hope he will
vote against the amendment offered by the
Senator from Nebraska, which spreads this
inquiry over all the Senate, I will vote with
great cheerfulness for that resolution sepa-
rately at any moment. The objection to adopt-
ing it as a part of this resolution is here : it
would take a long time, a very long time, to
investigate the record with regard to thirty-
seven States. With regard to the four States
named in my resolution the inquiry can be
made in a very short time, and of course the
other information will not be delayed and will
not suffer by enabling us to obtain this first.
Therefore, while I shall vote against the
amendment and ask the Senate to so vote, I
will vote at any time for the broadest resolu-
tion any Senator chooses to offer generally.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Pres-
ident, I wish to add to what I said a little
fuller statement of the reason which induces
me to oppose the resolution and the amend-
ments and any resolution upon this subject at
the present time.
In my judgment this matter is not one which
the public interest demands should be invest-
igated. We have here first the resolution of
the Senator from New York, asking for an
inquiry into the recommendations for office
made by the Senators from four States. Upon
the face of the resolution it appears unjust to
those Senators, and appears as if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Nebraska ought to
be adopted, in order that justice might be done
to all alike.
But it appears further that there are per-
sonal reasons attaching to the Senator from
New York why he desires to have the resolu-
tion in its restricted form. Those personal
reasons affect the Senator from Illinois, and
the Senator from Illinois introduces an amend-
ment making a request for an investigation of
an entirely different character, and askiDg not
only for information as to what recommenda-
tions to office have been made by Senators,
but what recommendations have been made by
A. H. Laflin, A. B. Cornell, RoswellHart, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For Senators.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. For Sen-
ators, but made by these persons. Now, sir,
it does seem to me that the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois is itself a
reductio ad absurdum as to this entire pro-
ceeding, and that the character of the resolu-
tion and these various amendments indicates
sufficiently that the Senate ought to brush the
whole thing aside and attend to the affairs of
the country, and not to the private affairs of
Senators.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from New
York presses this matter with great vigor, add
he seems to be aggrieved at what has been
said 011 this floor. I suppose other Senators
feel aggrieved at what has been said; at any
rate, i think we all ought to feel aggrieved at
what has been said during the last hundred,
days, and I have no doubt that a large portion
of the reflecting and thinking people of the
United States feel aggrieved at what they have
witnessed in this body. Now, I think we had
better drop the matter right here, and my
advice to the Senator from New York would
be to let it pass away.
What does it all amount to? It comes to
nothing. Suppose the press.of the country
have said harsh and sharp things of us. We
have said them of each other. They have
always been said of each other in this body.
There are people who think there was once a
good time in the Senate of the United States,
when greatness and goodness pervaded the
body. Why, sir, there never was a time when
there was not a great deal of foolishness and
weakness in this body, like all other bodies.
The records of the past show it. We have
only our share of it in our own time. Go
back thirty or forty years and look into those
great days, and you will find that the men
who were here then said just as foolish things
as we say, and that they neglected their duties
quite as much as we neglect ours.
Now, my opinion is that we had better let
this whole matter pass away, and let us during
the remainder of this session address ourselves
to the performance of our public duties strictly,
and leave these questions to the people. You
have just had a report of an investigation in
one of the States. The people are investigat-
ing just as sharply as we are. You know what
that report is, and I have no doubt if we had
a report from all the States, from twenty-five
to thirty States would make just such a report
as has just been made in New Hampshire.
We have sat here a hundred days, and have
done nothing. Committees have reported; the
the Calendar is full; the House of Representa-
tives has passed eight appropriation bills ; we
have not, I believe, yet passed our first one.
We have got the tariff question to deal with,
the taxation question, questions of transcend-
ent importance. My opinion is that the true
policy for us is to attend to our own business
and let the press of the country say just what it
pleases. I think I am as sensitive as anybody
in the world to an unkind word, whether it is
uttered in this Chamber or out of it. I do not
go to my bed at night with a comfortable feel-
ing if 1 know that I have any controversy with
any human being on earth, and therefore a
newspaper criticism touches me as severely, I
think, as it does the Senator from New York;
but what does it all amount to?
The press is free and will say what it pleases.
We have an independent press. It boasts of
its independence, and I like it. But the people
are just as independent as the press is, and
they believe just what tbey please. I saw not
long ago in one of the ablest and best papers
in the United States, a paper that I have read
for twenty-five years and would not like to go
without a single day, a statement that the Sen-
ate of the Uuited States recently was not ex
actly the forty thieves, but that there were
twenty more thieves in the Senate than there
ought to be. I was grieved and pained at
such a remark. I have served with nearly
two hundred Senators in this body during a
period of seventeen years, and if I were called
on to-day as the last utterance I were to make
on earth on my conscience, I could pick out
no twenty Senators in all that period, or one
half that number, that I believed ever did any-
thing dishonorable in regard to any matters
coming up concerning money, or anything
of that kind. I do not believe these things.
The country does not believe them. We
are passing through a most extraordinary
period ; everybody understands it, and I, for
one, wish that from now to the close of this
session we would drop all these matters aud
attend to our own business, work hard, work
early and work late, fiuish our business, and
see if we cannot redeem ourselves from the
criticisms of nineteen twentieths of the sober,
thoughtful, and reflecting men of the country
who disapprove of what has taken place in
this Senate during the last hundred days.
I was away from this city eight days recently,
and I say here on my conscience that in pub-
lic-meetings, in the cars, among the people, I
did not see a single, human being, or hear one
utter a word that was not in condemnation of
the wasting of our time here, and of these
useless debates of a partisan nature in which
we have been engaged.
Mr. CONKLING. I am going to withdraw
this motion to postpone in a moment. Before
doing so, however, I wish to make a remark.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] is one of the best-hearted men of this
body, and when he speaks he usually says
good-hearted things, and very sensible things.
I agree with very much that he has said this
morning. I wish, however, to correct him on
one point. He never in his life was more
mistaken than he is if he supposes that what
he denominates newspaper criticisms are "the
things suggesting this resolution ; if he sup-
poses that a criticism upon persons, or Sen-
ators, me or anybody else, prompted me to
offer this resolution. It is not that; it is not
words, but things.
The Senator from Massachusetts knows as
well as I know that apersistent and organized
effort, with nothing I think to redeem it, has
been made in this country to convince the
people that results like that yesterday, and
other results growing out of the confidence of
the nation in those now charged with the na-
tion's affairs, have been produced by machin-
ery, by corrupting appliances ; that they have
come out of the use of patronage, filling offices
with men who were to be the dexterous tools
of executive power. There has been so much
trumpery on that subject that the press of the
whole country has been too small to hold the
whole of it. We have been told about con-
ventions being carried in the State of New
York, and Legislatures organized in the State
of New York, and elections carried in the
State of New York by the use of Federal pa-
tronage, and when the whole thing has been st
faice which scaicely rose to the dignity of a
respectable swindle.
Now, Mr. President, it is to correct impres-
sions of this sort that I mean in an humble
way to labor, and it is with that view that I
ottered the pending resolution. I should not
feel warranted in attempting to press aside the
appropriation bill now to continue it. There-
lore I am going to withdraw the motion tor
postpone, saying, however, that I hope -to-
morrow morning in the morning hour, and
early in the morning hour, we may be permit-
ted to take up this resolution and let every
Senator vote upon it. Surely we understand
it, and if the Senate shall vote it down we
must all abide by that; but I hope it will then
be adopted, and that we shall waste no moeej
time over it. I withdraw the motion to post-
pone the appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished-
business is before the Senate, being the appro-
priation bill.
MKSS4GE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the resolu-
tion of the Senate to priut extra copies of the
report and accompanying maps of the Tehuan-
tepec surveying expedition.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. It. No. 619) appropriating money
for the purchase of a suitable site aud erecting
a building thereon in the city of St. Lonis>
Missouri, to be used for the purposes of a
custom-house, post office, and other Federal
offices, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of -the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. James A. GARriEM> of Ohio,
Mr. Gkokge A. Halsey of New Jersey, and
Mr. Eeastus Wells of Missouri, managers
at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills ; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill. (H. B- No. 838) to provide that
