734:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
cheaply, and therefore load up the docket of
the Supreme Court of the United States.
I understand it was said last evening that
judges of the Supreme Court want this. I
call attention to an article in the Jurist, said
to have been written by Justice Miller, in
which he refers to this trouble in the District
of Columbia, and states he can see no reason
why the District of Columbia should not be
placed on the same ground as the States and
Territories. They have five judges here to sit
in banc, while the Territories have only three,
and some of the States have only three. Here
they have five judges paid by the United States,
all their expenses paid by the United States,
appointed by the President, men learned in the
law, to pass on every question. And they have,
as has just been suggested to me, no commerce
with any of the States, or with any foreign State.
They have none but the common ordinary law-
suits which arise among themselves. In any
case of that sort I do not think they should
have precedence over the citizens of all the
States and Territories.
Let me repeat once more. On any question
arising where they claim there is any great
controversy, or any doubt as to the law, if
they can find one judge of the Supreme Court
to think there is any doubt they can have an
appeal. This bill only cuts off the right of
appeal as of course. Here in this District they
have the right of appeal in cases of $1,000,
while the people of the various States have
only the right of appeal where the amount
exceeds $'2,000 in the courts of the United
States. We propose to pass this bill for the
relief of the Supreme Court,. We propose to
make the amount $5,000 in cases of appeal
from district and circuit courts for the reasons
I have staled. It is not convenient or proper
that the Supreme Court of the United States,
the great constitutional tribunal, should have
its docket, loaded down with controversies
involving cases of only $1,000. It is not
profitable Cor suitors, either, to bring up con-
troversies of $2,000. I hope the House will
tnke an interest in this question, and instead
of having a hare quorum voting, we will have
a fair expression of the whole House on the
vote. I now call for the vote.
Mr. CHIPMA.N. 1 hope the gentleman
will yield to me to say one word.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, I will
yield to the gentleman for one minute.
Mr. CIIIPMAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not
understand appeals from the District of Co
liunbia have proved a burden to the Supreme
Court of the United States. I do know that
some of the most important cases that have
been decided by that tribunal have been on
cases arising in this District involving small
amounts. The litigation here is peculiar in
its character, as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts well knows. lie has practiced in
our local courts very often, and of course is
aware that important questions are presented
where the amount involved is small. This
is because we are here at the capital of the
nation. The bar of this District, who are,
I think, better informed than any other class
of persons in reference to this matter, are in
favor of letting the law remain as it now is. I
do not think the Supreme Court objects to
appeals coming up from this District. It is
true, we have a court in banc, but one or two
members sit to try cases alone. That court
does not sit as the courts of the States sit.
There is that distinction between the court
here and the State courts. As to the peculiar
litigation of the District of Columbia, if I had
time, I could cite many cases to show the
House precisely what it is, but I have only
time to say that the bar here are in favor of
leaving this matter of appeals where it has
been l'or many years. I do not understand
either the court here or the Supreme Court
are in favor of the proposed change of the
law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
to what the gentleman has said, for I have
already stated that the bar here are very much
interested to have all their cases, when they
can do it without any cost, carried up to the
Supreme Court of the United States, in order
to make fees. If I were a lawyer of this Dis
trict, speaking for the lawyers, I should be
quite as active as my friend who has just spoken
on this subject. I should not like to have my
milch-cow cut off. But I call attention again
to the fact that every case of any importance
from this District, if only $100 be involved,
where a judge of the Supreme Court will say
that it ought to be reviewed, can be reviewed,
and that no other portions of the United States
have that privilege except the District of
Columbia. I call for the vote.
The question was on agreeing to the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Merrick, as follows :
Add at the end of the first section the following
proviso:
Provided further, That appeals and writs of error
from the supremo courtof the District of Columbia
to the Supreme Court of the United States, shall
remain as now provided by law, in all cases whore
the matter m dispute shall exceed the sum of$5,000.
The question being put, there were—ayes
66, noes 67.
Mr. K1LLINGER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, and
Mr. Merrick.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 65, noes 73.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next question was on the amendment
offered by Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, as
follows:
Add to section ono tho following proviso:
Provided, That the right of appeal, and to pros-
ecuto writs of error, shali remain as it is now regu-
lated by tho law, in a,11 oases in which the amount
in controversy cxcoeds $2,000, and which have been
decided by tho district judge presiding alone in tho
circuit court and exercising tho powers of circuit
judge.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say a single word in explanation of this
amendment. There are certain districts in the
United States where the circuit courts do not
sit, but a district court judge exercises circuit
court power, and where district court, judges
sit alone. It has been thought proper by the
committee to allow an amendment which shall
provide that in that case $2,000 shall be the
limit.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was next, on the amendment
offered by Mr. Potter, as follows:
In section four, lino five, after tho word "court,"
whore it first occurs, insert " or tho highest court of
any Territoryand after tho word " decree,'' insert
the word "therein:" so that it will read, "in any
criminal causo in which a sentence of death or other
infamous punishment has been rendered byacircuit
court judge of the highest court of any Territory,
thatcourtmay, alter finaljudgment or decree therein,
certify to tho Supreme Court," Jtc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was next oil the amendment
offered by Mr. Bingham, as follows:
((In section four, line eighteen, after the word
" coHrt," whero it first occurs, insert the words " of
tho United States;" and after the word "court,"
where it next occurs, insert the words "of last
resort;" so that it will read :
Provided, That in any criminal case in any circuit
court of the United States, or court of last resort of
any Territory, &o.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was next on the following
amendment offered by Mr. Bingham :
In section four, line nineteen, after the word
"death," strike out the words "or to imprisonment
in the penitentiary."
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to yield to me
a short time, while I explain to the House the
reason for my amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
the gentleman ten minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, the object
of this bill, as stated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Bdtler] when he pre-
sented it to the House, was to restrict the
appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and thereby advance
the administration of justice. It was stated
in the progress of the debate by the honorable
gentleman, or some of his associates, that one
at least of the justices of the Supreme Court
had suggested the importance of further* re-
stricting the appellate jurisdiction of the court.
The result of the matter is, that in the first
section of the bill the appellate jurisdiction
is restricted as therein provided in civil cases
to amounts that shall be equal to $5,000 or
upward, as I understand it. The amendment
which I propose looks to the carrying out of
the general design and purpose of the bill in
this, that it strikes out the appellate jurisdic-
tion, the jurisdiction in error provided in the
fourth section, in cases where the offense is
punishable by imprisonment in the peniten-
tiary, and leaves the jurisdiction as provided
for in appeal or in error in this fourth section
in capital offenses.
1 can see a propriety, Mr. Speaker, and a
necessity of a review in the Supreme Court of
the United States, never hitherto allowed as
of course, but allowed, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] stated yesterday,
only when there is a division of the court in
capital offenses. This provision applies alike
to the courts of the United States in the States
and the courts of the United States in the
several Territories. The effect of retaining
these words in the proviso—and that is the
reason why I move to strike them out—is that
a case goes up of necessity, according to the
provisions of this proviso, in all cases punish-
able by imprisonment in the penitentiary as
well as in capital cases, to the Supreme Court
of the United States. The result is, under this
proviso, as reported by the committee, the
Supreme Court, instead of being relieved of
the burden imposed upon it by existing law in
appellate cases, is subjected to still greater
burdens; because I undertake to say that under
this proviso, it being understood now that it
applies as well to the circuit courts of the
United States as to the courts in the Territo-
ries, every case provided for by existing law
and indictable in the circuit court of the
United States and in the courts of the United
States in the Territories, punishable either by
death or by imprisonment in the penitentiary,
will come to the Supre.ue Court of the United
States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will see that a case cannot come to
the Supreme Court unless some judge of the
Supreme Court will certify, on examining the
record, that it ought to come there.
Mr. BINGHAM. Undoubtedly that is so if
the circuit or territorial court refuse to comply
with the proposed act; but errors enough will
appear upon any record to induce a Supreme
judge so to certify. They will be most for-
tunate in the trial of a case, where there is a
great conflict of testimony, involving imprison-
ment in the penitentiary or sentence of death,
if they succeed in one case out of ten, in the
circuit court of the United States or in a United
States court in a Territory, in avoiding such
appearance of error on the record as would
compel a justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States to allow a writ of error and stay
of proceedings.
This proviso first requires imperatively that
the court of original jurisdiction shall certify
on the application of the prisoner any question
of law presented by him or his counsel, and
here is the language:
Provided, That in any criminal case in any circuit
court of the United States, or court of last resort of
any Territory, where there has been a sentence of
death, or to imprisonment in the penitentiary, the
court trying tho cause, on application of the pri?-
oner, shall certify any question of law presented by
him or his counsel, and tho same shall be entered of
record; and il the court shall refuse to certify the
same to the Supreme Court, thereupon application
may be made to any justice of the Supreme Court to
allow a writ of error .and a stay of proceedings upon
such terms as he may deem reasonable.
The House will notice that the judge trying
the case is required by law to certify it upon
application of the prisoner, and upon his re-
