4318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7.
boats, 178 loaded barges, and 139 empty barges hare
passed through the old locks, paying toJlaffc to the
amount 0fS44,743 05. Total receipts from February
26 to April 1, $64,091 55."
The following table shows the cost, of the
passage of several boats and barges:
Amount paid in boats for passing throuah thencwlocks.
Boats. No. of times. Tallage.
Moilie Ebert 4 $507 00
Espcranza .....2 288 00
E. H. Burfee 2 3'^B 00
Potomac 3 687 00
John Kilffour 4 1,184 00
Gha-rlfs Bodraaiiu 4 1,6 >4 00
Niok Lnncworth 2 550 00
Mnry Miller 2 282 00
C. B. Church   4 88S 00
Luuisville   2 551 00
Robert Mitchell 2 740 00
Emma C. Elliott 4 7<i4 00
Arlington     1 1^0 oO
Fanny Lewis 1 ljjj} 00
Post-Boy   1 2-0 00
Coal-boat 1 114 00
W. H. Brown,(tow-boat)   2 185 00
Total amount paid by boats passing through
now looks $9.348 50
Notk.—A boat passing through onco is not sup-
posed, in the above table, to havo passed up and
down.
The total expense of passage of eonl-tuga
with barges may bo seen from the following
statement:
Tho aotual cost of parsing a tow-boat with a tow
of barges that went through tho canal about two
weeks ago may provo interesting. It was lurnisbed
by tho gentleman in charge, and call bo rolled on
as correct.. Other expenses besides tho actual toll
are given simply to show that tho cost of passing
through the enual is a bu den of itself, without
adding tho muell greater one of tollngo.
Tallage for ono steamer and tow ot twenty
boats   ;     §1,70.1
Expense towing down canal   100
Extra uion in winal  40
Two days' time   >00
Total 
Such enormous charges and expenses con-
stitute mi evil which it becomes us to remedy.
The Government owns this work now, and has
almost completed its enlargement. It is a
grand public work which should have been
made long ngo. This generation may well be
proud of it. The engineer and director and all
who have promoted it have cause for con-
gratulation. It will be a great, and lasting
benefit to the internal trade of the Union, and
therelort! to llie whole country. Let us now
relievo tho commerce of tho rivurs of this
onerous burden, reducing the tolls to a min-
imum, which may be hereafter further re-
duced or wholly removed.
The amendment was concurred in.
The other amendments were acted on with-
out debate, some being concurred in and
others non-concurred in.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 movo that a committee
of conference be ashed on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on this hill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKKIl subsequently annotmced
the appointment of Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Sheldon,
and Mr. Kandai.i, as tho eonfoiecsou the part
of tho House.
KNItOTXED BILLS S1QNUD.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (II. R. No. 40) for the relief of
Joseph A. Clay, of Philadelphia;
An act (H. H. No. 114) for the relief of the
heirs of Lieutenant Colonel Humphrey M.
Woodward, late of the twenty-first Missouri
infantry;
An act (H. R. No. 1419) for the relief of
Michael F. Gannett;
An act (H. R. No. 1120) for the relief of P.
L E. Reed, of Bath, Maine;
An act (H. R. No. 14G1) referring the claim
*The harbor tow-hoats charge ten dollars for tow-
ing a eoal-boat in the canal, and fivo dollars for a
barge.
of the heirs and legal representatives of Colonel
Francis Vigo, deceased, to the Court of Claims
for adjustment;
An act (H. R. No. 1042) for the relief of D.
C. Farrell. of Peoria, Illinois;
An act (II. R. No. 2029) for the relief of
Charles H. Thompson, ot New Orleans, Louis-
iana ;
An act (EI. R. No. 2032) for the relief of
Dr. John H. McQuown, of Illinois;
An act (H. R. No. 2632) to provide for fill-
ing vacancies in certain offices in the several
Territories;
An act (H. R. No. 2709) for the relief of
the State of Connecticut and other States ;
An act (H. tt. No. 2885) for the relief of
John Mtlone, postmaster at Uhricksville,
Ohio;
An act (13. R. No. 2907) for the relief of the
Omaha National Bank; and
An act (H. li. No. 2911) for the relief of
Moritz Augenstein.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had^ ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (II. R. No. 357) for the relief of
Horace B, Shepard, of Indiana ;
An act (II. R. No. 039) for the relief of Jane
A. Green ;
An act (H. R. No. 1241) for the relief of A.
J. Booth, late assistant assessor in the twenty-
first revenue district, of Pennsylvania;
An act (H. li. No. 12G1) for the relief of
Thomas I). West, of Sandusky, in the State
of Ohio;
An act (IT. R. No. 1274) for the relief of
Thomas I1'. Spencer, of Indiana;
An act (11. R. No. 1382) for the relief of
Alexander MeArihur, of the city of Corunna,
in the State of Michigan;
An act (II. R. No. 1899) for the relief of
W. T. Bowers;
An act (H. R. No. 2035) to provide for the
examination and payment of the claim of
Albert Grant;
An act (U. 11. No. 2038) foe the relief
of William M. Stafford, late acting district
attorney for Montana Territory ;
An act (II. it. No. 2102) for the relief of T.
P. Robb, of Savannah, Georgia;
An net (II. R. No. 2788) lor the relief of
Richard it. Boiling ;
An act (II. R. No. 2888) for the relief of
Sirnoou Stanaifer;
An act (It. R. No. 2789) for the relief of
John .1. Smith;
An act (PL li. No. 2791) for the relief of
William J. Clark, administrator of Gad E.
Upson, deceased;
An act (II. R. No. 2800) for the relief of
Dwight J. McCann ;
An act (II. R. No. 2898) for the relief of
John W. Phelps, of Vermont; and
An act (H. R. No. 2948) for the relief of
Lucy C. Bnker and Mary A Baker, children
of John M. Baker, deceased.
fortification bill.
The SPEAKER. The next business on the
Speaker's table is an act (H. R. No. 1671)
making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifica-
tions and works of defense, returned from the
Senate with sundry amendments.
Mr. NI BLACK. I move the House non-
concur in the amendments of the Senate, and
ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as managers of
said conference on the part of the House, Mr.
Niblack, Mr. Donxax, and Mr. Twichell.
stores sold to soldiers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio._ I am directed
by the Committee on Appropriations to report
a bill (H. R. No. 2975] to amend the fifth
section of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 80, 1873, and for other
purposes."
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the fifth section of an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the } ear ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes," shall not, be held to
apply to material, stores, or supplies sold to
officers and soldiers of the Army, or to explor-
ingor surveying expeditions authorized by law,
and the section shall not be construed to repeal
such part of paragraph ten hundred and thii ty-
two revised Army Regulations of 1863, as pro-
vides that the expenses of sales of military
stores or supplies regularly condemned will be
paid from th^ir proceeds.
Air. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask to have
a letter from the Secretary of War read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"VVae Department,
Washington City, Jane 5,1872.
Dear Sir: Referring to oar conversation on the
subject ot tho expedition of Professor Ilnyden, I
beg to invite your attention to the fact that by sec-
tion live of the act of Mav 8,1872, tho payment of all
proceeds of bales of public property and stores by
this Department into the Treasury as miscellaneous
receipts, not to be withdrawn except by special en-
actment, is required, and therefore, unless some
modification oi this provision is made, the Depart-
ment will be necessitated to withdraw all its piom-
ises to supply tho exploring and surveying expedi-
tions which are now or will be in tho field dunng
the present season with provisions from the com-
missariat of the Army when stores cannot be pro-
cured from other sources; and this will leavo them
without resources, a  d probably compel the aban-
donmentot their projects.
I therefore su^tfcyt tho propriety and advisability
oi some legislation by Congress by which tno Depart-
ment will be enabled to extend this aid to the expe-
ditions referred to, and will also be enabled to sell
condemned and useless public property when such
sale would bo of benefit to tho Government by rend-
ering available the proceeds of tho same lor tho
reimbursement of the cost of such sales.
Tho iuclo&ed drait of a proposed amendment tol
.some apppropriation bill that has not yet pa*sed<
both Houses, will, it is believed, meet the object*
sought to bo accomplished.
"Vory truly, yours,
WM. W.BELKNAP,
Secretin y of Wai\
Hon. James A. Garfield, House of Representatives.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope it will not be passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, i ask tlio pro-
vision be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 5. That all proceeds of sales of old material,
condemned stores, supplies, or other public property
of any kind, shall hereafter be deposited and cov-
ered into tho Treasury as miscellaneous receipts, on
account of "proceeds ot Government property,"
and shall not bo withdrawn or applied except in
conscquonce of asubsequcnt appropriation made by
law; and a detailed statement of all such proceeds
of sales shall be included in the appendix to tho
book of estimates. But this section shall not be held
to repoal the existing authority of law in relation
to marine hospitals, revenue-cutters, the clothing
fund of the Navy, or tho sale of commissary stores to
tho ofliccrs of the Army. And it shall bo the duty
of the Register of the Treasury to furnish to the
proper accounting officers copies of all warrants
covering such proceeds, where tho same may be
neccssary in the settlement of accounts in their
respective offices.
Mr. HOLMAN". That is a provision passed
by this Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My attention
has been called by the Secretary of War and
the Secretary of the Interior to the effect of
the sweeping language of the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] and accepted by the Committee
on Appropiiations. It will apply to three cases
to which it was not intended, i am sure, that
it should apply: first, to officers who are
entitled under the present law to buy rations
from commissaries at the Government price at
distant points where they otherwise could not.
get them. •
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Of course it
would be embarrassing to prevent them from
so purchasing rations. Next it applies to ex-
ploring expeditions and surveying, like those
