3422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
equal enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished by innkeepers; by
common carriers, whether on land or water; by
licensed owners, managers, or lessees of theaters or
other places of public amusement.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have but a word or
two to sav in regard to the motion I have
made. That portion of the section which I
have proposed to ssrike out includes institu-
tions of learning and cemeteries and benev-
olent institutions. I have no objection to in-
corporaling in this bill a provisionauthorizing
all persons to have equal rights in what are
actually public institutions; but here it is
proposed lo require that all laws in the several
States providing for common schools and sep-
arating the races shall be nullified ; that all
shall be allowed to associate together in the
same schools. My sense of right, if I may be
allowed to use that word in this connection,
my sense of propriety, will not allow me to
support iheproposition. It seetnsto me that the
opinion of the members of this body represent-
ing the southern States, who are as fiieudly to
the colored race as any of the prol'essed phi-
lanthropists ol this body or anywhere else in
this country, should have some weight on a
question of this sort. We have been told by
almost every Senator from a southern State
(whose professions have been not merely words
but have been actions ; who have borne the
burden and heat of the day in order that the
colored peop!<  in the South might be put upon
an eqn.ilny wiili the while raceol this country)
that (his requirement will be of great practical
disadvantage. I pay that their counsel and
their advice should have some weight with this
bod.v. When Senators representing the south-
ern States, with one or two exceptions, tell you
and tell the Senate that the course now pro-
posed to be pursued will be utterly destructive
of the common-school system, I think it ought
to go for something. It will not do to run off
upon theories. We want something practical.
You may sny, Mr. Piesident, that this is
prejudice. There is something in that, 1 ad-
mit; thei e is a good deal of truth in it; it is
prejudice growing out of education ; but never-
theless the fact exists, and our people need a
little more ol" this education before they can
be brought to the point now intended by this
bill, it will come around after awhile, per-
haps. If the friends of this measure will
possess themselves in patience for a time, out-
people will he educated up to tills point, I have
no doubt, in due time.
The great mass of the colored people of the
southern Slates are not demanding Iliis meas-
ure; and, as my time is limited, I will come
down to what I know to exist as a matter of
fact in my own State. We have provided, as
they have 111 most of the soul hern States, that
the white and colored children shall be edu-
cated separately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
time has expii ed.
Mr. BO It li MA NT. A word or two more.
The VICIi PRESIDEN l\ The Senator
desues to occupy a lew moments further. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. BOREMAN. So far as I know this is
satisfactory to both races, and not only satis-
factory hut preferred by thein. The colored
people, with whom I consult frequently, do
not demand any such thing as this. They are
proud now that they have their own schools
to which ihey can send their own children.
We provide them teachers, we set apart a fund
for their education, and they are satisfied that
it is so, they are «lad that it is so. They
attend their own churches, and they go to
their own schools, and they are being edu-
cated. It is not because we want to do them
injustice; it is not because we are treating
them unkindly or intend to treat thetn unkind-
ly ; but we wish to provide for them, and we
believe two separate schools are a better pro-
vision for them than one mixed school where
they mi^ht be treated unkindly and receive
less attention than when they are taught
separately. I will not trespass on the Senate
further.
Mr. SAWYER. I was about to ask the
Senator a question before he sat down. Much
is said about the fact that the colored people
themselves prefer separate schools. Now,
there are various classes of colored people.
There is the black man of the pure African
race; there is the mulatto, or half-breed;
there is the quadroon, or one who has a quar-
ter African blood, and soon, diminishing down
to a shade so slight that it cannot be perceived
by the eye and is not described in the law.
Now, I want to know why there does not exist
the same reason for making a distinction be-
tween the mulatto and the black man as there
is for making a distinction between tho mulatto
and the white man. The-mulatto is just as
far from the one as from the other, and just as
near to one as he is to the other.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. BOREMAN ad-
dressed the Chair.
The VICE PBESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. BOREMAN. I wish to answer 
Mr. SUMNER. Has not the Senator had
his five minutes?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He has.
Mr. BOREMAN. I merely wished to re-
spond to the question propounded to me by
the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I wish to
say I hat the motion of tho Senator from West
Virginia is one to deprive the bill of a large
part of its character and usefulness. It is to
despoil it of the clause which is to expel caste
from the common schools of the country. Now
1 hope the Senate will to that proposition say
" no," and with such a voice that no one here-
after will ever undertake to vindicate caste in
the education of the young. If there is any
place from which it ought to be expelled, it is
the school-house.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I should like to have the amendment
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment,
in brief, is to strike from the first section of
the civil rights bill that provision relative to
schools and cemeteries. The whole text will
be read, if the Senator desires.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Itisnotneces
sary. I have but a word to say. The brief five-
minutes debate which is allowed on a proposi-
tion of tnis kind is altogether too short for an
expression of the briefest argument against
the proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
I shall vote for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from West Virginia, because I believe
from the depths of my inmost convictions that
the passage of the bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts, so far as it relates to common
schools, will be the very destruction of the
eniire system of common school education
throughout the whole southern portion of our
country, where that common-school education
is now most needed.
1 have rejoiced, I have thanked God for
recent events, if for any cause more than for
any othei, because I saw the northern and
eastern systems of common-school education
having the highways southward opened to
them, and because I thought I could behold
the blessings which descended upon the North
and the East during the last four or live genera-
tions coming down upon the people of the South.
But, in my judgment, the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts will blast all these hopes.
It is nonsense, sir, to talk of the necessity of
educating youth in the same building in order
to give them equal facilities, advantages, im-
munities, rights. What matter wheiher they
be in the same building or in different build-
ings, so that the educational facilities bestowed
upon them are identical? But if in attempting
to bring them into the same building you are
to dash that system against a rock of prejudice,
although it be prejudice—a rock which is as
stable as centuries can make it—it is not the
part of any wise statesman to encounter such
a hazard as that, and the man who will not
look at a prejudice like that standing in his
way, and legislate in regard to it, is unworthy
of the name of statesman. Cultivate the feel-
ings, educate the prejudices, if need be, of
the people of the South for another generation,
and the time will come and 1 believe will come
when their youth can gather into the same
buildings and together enjoy educational facil-
ities. But now to force it upon them by con-
gressional legislation, in my judgment will be
fatal to the best interests of both races in the
attempt to bestow upon both that which there
is equally needed by both, a common-school
education.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, when I
hear it so earnestly said that the South is to
be ruined, it really causes me to reflect seri-
ously. The zeal, the emphasis, the manner,
the ability of the distinguished Senator who
has just spokeu prompt ine to canvass in ray
mind to know whether I am upon the brink
of destruction or not.
He says it will not do to use force. It is too
late, Mr. President, to hesitate upon the banks
of the Rubicon ; you have plunged in, and it
will not do to undertake to retreat. " For-
ward 1" is the word. "Liberty!" The distin-
guished Senator plays upon the word " lib-
erty." Ah! liberty in its purity is a jewel,
and it is one that all who love that Creator
whom he seems to invoke on this occasion
will always stand by. And what does liberty
contemplate? Liberty contemplates to equal-
ize, to do only that feebly which God who
created man did originally, and that was to
make all free and equal.
But it is well known to Senators here, it is
well known to civilized ntan, that if the decree
were to go out from high Heaven to-day that
at ten o'clock to-morrow morning the high
and the low, the rich and the poor, in a pecun-
iary point of view, should be equalized, that
no given sum owned by any one should be
made equal and all be uniform, what would
the consequence be? Why, sir, before noon
the same day millions would have parted from
one to another. Brains will tell. It. is so
ordered by nature, and it is practiced and
known to man.
" Liberty and equality" is the motto so far
as I am concerned ; that has been my rule ; I
propose to adhere to it until some light greater
than that which has been given to us by the
illustrious Senator from Connecticut iri his
brief remarks on the present occasion shall
show me that I am in error, and ihe moment
I ascertain that, I will veer around and try to
get on the right side. I understand, however,
that liberty is not calculated to injuie men ;
and if the black man has a right to all the
privileges known to the white man, is that to
destroy us? Certainly not. We have no evi-
dence tending to that point—none under ilis
sun ; but let them all be equalized, and let
thetn take their chances for the future, and
merit ultimately will tell. It cannot be said
that we propose to do anything that does not
contemplate, in the fullest extent, that word
" liberty."
But we are told this is "social equality!"
I might talk longand say much upon that sub-
ject. There are a thousand things that
could be said; but facts aie known to be
such that to those divested of prejudice,
social equality regulates itself. You cannot
regulate it to the utmost degree by law.
What is it that law can perfect? Our penal
laws that we are enacting here, that have been
enacied since civilized nations have been oigati-
ized, do not perfect everything. Men commit
homicide; they are responsible; the conse-
quences are upon them ; but still it is neces-
sary to have penal laws. We only give the
colored race now in the civil rights bill that
which they are entitled to as freemen, as free
citizens of the United States. They have
