682
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
Senate
Extension of the Ku Idux Act—Mr. Casserly.
4 2d Cong 2d Se^s.
But we are fold by the advocates of free
trade that while the wages of laborers are less
in Europe than in this country, still the amount
received for labor there will purchase as many
of the comforts of life as the wages paid in the
United States will buy here. But it is idle to
tell this story to the intelligent workmen who
have escaped from* the poverty and unpaid toil
of the Old World, and have b<-gun a new and
prosperous life here. They will laugh at this
British free-trade philosophy as they remem-
ber their comfortable homes, their deposits
in the savings banks, and point with pride to
their happy families, to theirchildren well fed,
clothed, and educated. These practical re-
sults upset all the fine-spun free-trade theo-
ries.
Labor is better rewarded now in this coun-
try than ever before, and why should any steps
betaken to lessen the wages of the laborer;
When labor is well paid in this country it
invites from abroad the better class of labor-
ers and skilled artisans. Thirty-two thousand
skilled workmen came to our shores last year.
The following extract taken from a book
published in Londoruin 1870, Social Politics
in Great Britain and Ireland, illustrates the
causes and character of the immigration to this
country:
"There are now about seventy thousand souls in
the east etfd of London who must emigrate speedily
or die. They are being shipped off as fast as charity
and Government can transport them to North Amer-
ica. Above twenty-five thousand of these are work-
men more or less skilled in engineer and ship-
building occupations. These are not shepherds, nor
are they plowmen, nor will they ever be to any great
extent one or the other. They are mechanic^ and
will be so go where they may. In the vast hives of
industry in Lancashire there are a greater number
who must emigrate or die. These are getting off as
fast as they potsibly can to Massachusetts to find
full occupation in cotton. Not one is either pas-
toral or agricultural, and few arc likely ever to be
either."
The increased wages paid to laborers in the
United States has increased and will continue
to increase the wpges in Eiuope, so that
while we are developing our resources and
adding to the wealth and prosperity of the
country by our industries, and labor is re-
spected and rewarded here, we are at the
same time rendering servjee to the unpaid toil
of the Old World.
In the last Congress there were a few men
who then clamored as they now do for free
trade. Those who were then present will
recollect how, for once, the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] and the other free
trader liom New York, [Mr. Cox,] were
silenced in a five-minutes' speech of Judge
YVoomVAKD, of Pennsylvania.
Let me quote briefly :
" I remember that soon after the revolutionary war
an English statesman said that we ought not to
nmke a hob-nail in this country, that we should
have all our workshops in Great Britain, a senti-
ment which 1 am shocked to hear advocated by
Democrats on this floor. For the tendency of the
arguments of my friend from New Yoik, and of
some othois of my friends near me, the tendency of
theiraiguments is to place our entire iron-shops in
Great Britain, France, Belgium, and other coun-
tnos, t-o as to cheapen the iron which the farmer
Iieed<.
" Well, now, I will tell these gentlemen how we
can gel cheap iion in this country. Put your labor-
ers on the same level with the laborers of fCngland
arsd France and Belgium and you will have cheap
iron. When in this country men have to starve or
work for low wages, they will work for low wages
rather than starve. It' you will reduce our laborers
to the necessity of living in a mud hovel with a
ground floor and a thatch roof and a pig at the
door, and meat fo eat bnf once n week, deny their
children the privilege of attending a school, and
their wives the privilege of entering a church or
having a change of dicss; if you insist 011 putting
the democratic people of this country down on
such a level as that, we can have cheap iron after
the fashion of these Euiopean countries ; and then
when this populalicn becomes discontented and
rebellious, why, apart of this arrangement for cheap
iron will be a standing army to keep them in order,
and an armed police at all the ero-=s-road-i to keep
the people down. That is the English fashion and
the French fashion and the Belgian fashion of
making cheap iron. We ean make cheap iron in
this country, but we must employ the same means
that are employed theie.
" Now, if my Demoeraticfriends would go home to
their constituents and tell them they propose to re-
duce the voting population of this country to that
condition, if they ever get back here to clamor for
cheap iron I will agree to be shot. [Laughter.] If
you will put iron in to railroads, and cat r.v population
and civilization to the remotest parts of the land,
you will cheapen iron and all other necessaries of
lite. By affording reasonable protection to iron we
ena-ble enterpiising men to build railroads in the
country. Railroads are the great civilizing agency
and power of our age and country, and it is our
policy to extend and to multiply them. If we have
to pay a tax on iron in order to build railroads, that
tax will be returned to us in another form, 111 the
blessings which railroads will bring to the country.
The very increase in the value of the farmer's land
will a thousandfold return to him the tax."
This is a complete answer. But who can wish
to see our laborers thus reduced to poverty,
and our country made dependent on other
nations?
The true American doctrine is this: we
must control our own market?, acquire inde-
pendence of all the world by manufacturing
our fabrics at home rather than buying them
abroad, and see that labor is honored by being
profitably employed and well rewarded. And
whoever advocates the striking down of the
wages of the laborer in this country to the
level of the half-paid labor of England,
Scotland, Belgium, and Ireland, commits a
flagrant wrong not only to the laborer here,
but postpones the deliverance for which the
toilers of the Old World are looking with
anxiety and hope.
. Let us wisely follow in our legislation the
illustrious example of the great statesmen of
the generations that have preceded us, and
make our nation great, prosperous, and inde-
pendent by protecting labor in every woikshop
of our land and on every rood of soil through-
out this .Republic.
Extension of the Ku Klux Act.
SPEECH OF HON. E. CASSEBLY,
OF CAIJFOttNIA,
In the United States Senate,
May 13, 1872.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 791) to amend an act entitled " An act to
amend an act approved May 31, 1870, entitled 'An
act to enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of the Union,
and for other purposes,' " the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Casserly, to add
the following sections:
Sec. —. That 110 officer or person in the civil, mili-
tary, or naval service of the United States shall,
directly or indirectly, order or advise, or directly or
indirectly, by force, intimidation, coercion, prom-
ises, rewaids, orany undueor improper influence or
inducement, or in any other manner, wrongluily in-
terfere with, hinder, influence, oreontrol any quali-
fied voter of any State of the United States in or
about the free exercne of his right of suffrage accord-
ing to law at any general or special elect 1011 in any
State, or attemptso to do, or to that end contrive,
make, distribute, or circulate for the use of voters at
such election any ballot or paper ticket for voting
different from that required by law, or Having upon
it anywhere any mark, number, device, design,
color, or other peculiarity or thing intended or cal-
culated to ascertain how the voter using it voted, or
otherwise m any manner to interfere with or embar-
rass him in the free exercise of his right of suffrage,
or to destroy or impair the secrecy of the ballot, or
being ofsuch unusual size, shape, or color as might
be intended or calculated to have the ^ame result;
nor shall any such othcer or person employ any one
111 or upon any work, labor, or service of the United
Strifes tor the purpose or with the view of having
him vote at any such election, whether at the place
of such employment or elsewhere, nor with or upon
any such understanding express or implied. Any
officcror person violating any of the provisions of
this section shall be liable in all respects as provided
in section lour of the said act of May 31, 1870, to
which act this act i^ amendatory, and upon judg-
ment. civil or criminal, against him, shall also be dis-
qualified from holding anv office or employment of
honor, trust, or profit under the United Scales.
Sue.—. That it ^hall not be lawful for any civil,
military, or naval ofheer of the United States, or other
person engaged in the civil, military, or naval ser-
vice of the United States, to order, bring, keep, or
have under his authority or control, any trooos or
armed men at the place where any general or soecial
election is held in au> Slate of the United Sra:e-' of
America; and that it shall not be lawful lor any
officerof the Army or Navy of the United Stir,es to
prescribe or fix, or attempt to prescribe or l',x. by
proclamation, order, or otherwise, the qualifications
of voters in any State in the United Stages of
America, or in any manner to interfere wifh the
freedom of any election in any State, or wirh the
exercise of the free right of suffrage in any S! ate of
the United States. Any officer of the Army or Navy
of the United States, or other person engaged iu the
civil, military, or naval service of theUnited Ptales,
who violates this section shall, for every such of-
fense, be liable to indictment as for a misdemeanor
inanycourtin the United States having jurisdic-
tion to hear, try, and determine cases of misde-
meanor, and, on conviction thereof, shall pay a
fine not exceeding $5,000, and suffer imprison-
ment in the penitentiary not less than three nor
more than five years, at the discretion of the court
trying the same; and any person convicted as afore-
said shall, moreover, be disqualified from holding
any office of honpr, profit, or trust under the Gov-
ernmentof the United States ; he shall also be liable
in a civil suit to the person injured in a penalty of
$500, which, with any damages accruing, may
be recovered in any circuit court having juris-
diction: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall prevent any officer, soldier, sailor, or marine
from exercising the right of suffrage in auy eloction
district to which he may belong, if otherwise quali-
fied according to the laws of the State in which he
shall offer his vote.
Mr. CASSERLY said:
Mr. President: if I have so drawn the first
section of my amendment as to carry out my
intention, I have a strong hope that it will
meet the approbation of all those here who,
like me, believe above all things in maintain-
ing the sanctity of the ballot and the freedom
of suffrage as the only safeguard of popular
elections.
Mr. MORTON. T)oea the Senator offer
this last as a substitute for the amendment
offered 011 Saturday?
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer it as a substitute
for the first, section of the amendment. This
first section is in substantial accordance with
the provisions of law for the freedom of the
suffrage now in force in several of the States,
perhaps in most of them. The only difference
is that it is probably more in detail than those
provisions are in most of the States. It cer-
tainly is more so than any that I have seen.
It was suggested to me by the very extraordin-
ary proceedings of the Government officials at
the navy-yard in California at the State elec
tion last, year, and at the judicial election
which followed soon afterward. Those pro
ceedmgswere ofsuch a character as to arouse
the indignation of all good men of whatever
party. Indeed, I have heard them more earn-
estly denounced if possible by Republicans
than by Democrats.
My colleague, as I see by the Globe of yes-
terday, was considerate enough, in some re-
marks made by him during the confused pro-
ceedings before the adjournment, which I did
not catch, to suggest that "probably " in what
I had said just a moment before on this subject
I was " laboring under some delusion." That
seems to have been said by him upon the ground,
as stated by him, that he " knew nothing of any
complaint on account of anything connected
with the Mare Island vote at the elections." I
suggest to my colleague that he might well have
assumed when I made the somewhat distinct
statement to which he referred that I had not
made it. idly nor without being assured that I
had arrple warrant, for it. I suggest to him
also that he is not aware of anything in my
general conduct here or elsewhere that could
justify him in supposing that I spoke under
"a delusion'- in regard to the subject of my
remarks. I shall have occasion presently to
showon whose side the "delusion" is, whether
on mine or on my colleague's.
Mr. President, the last State election in Cal-
ifornia was one of unusual interest and excite-
ment. It was well understood to be very im-
portant to the Administration and demanding
