1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
fusal to do so a judge of the Supreme Court of
the United States has the exercise of what we
call a judicial discretion in the premises. I
repeat my statement, that if this proviso be-
comes a law, a majority of capital offenses in
our circuit courts and a majority of capital
offenses in our territorial courts will go up
to the Supreme Court, and along with them
will go up a majority of cases punishable by
imprisonment in the penitentiary. The word
" penitentiary," I am aware, is not used in
our penal statutes in the Territories, nor as a
general thing in the penalstatutes of the United
States. The language of the law in both cases
is that the party " shall be subject to imprison-
ment for a term of years." These cases are all
embraced by this section, and are intended to
be embraced. Among other things, the bigamy
act of 1802. punishing bigamy in the Territo-
ries as a crime by imprisonment for five years,
is intended by this act to be suspended indefi-
nitely in the Supreme Court on error or upon
certificate of the judge trying the case. That
act has been disregarded and trampled under
foot and treated with contempt, ever since its
enactment, by the people of a certain Territory
of this Union, and for the first time in our
history, now that they are being brought to
trial and judgment, a proposition is made to
hang up indefinitely the whole case in the
Supreme Court of the United States.
I know the gentleman may say that the cases
may be advanced upon the docket of the
Supreme Court and brought to trial. It is not
required that they shall be advanced. My
motion is to strike out that line which pro-
vides for appeal or error in cases involving
penitentiary offenses, in order to relieve the
court, according to the declared purpose of this
bill. Speedy justice is deemed essential by all
enlightened people. The judges of the court
have moved in that spirit, wnen they have
suggested the propriety of further restricting
their appellate jurisdiction. And now, by
this section as it stands, we make it the duty
of every circuit judge and every court of the
Territoriesin the UnitedStates to certify a case
up, and if they fail to do so, we charge upon a
judge of the Supreme Court the duty of allow-
ing a writ of error in all cases if there is an
appearance of error in the record. The effect
will be as I have stated. Gentlemen, of course,
if they think these cases ought to be brought
up, if they think this statute ought to be further
suspended, can bring them up by rejecting the
amendment.
It is not important that I should inquire
whether any indictments are yet pending under
the act of 18G2. The effect of this bill is to sus-
pend final action upon every case indefinitely
in the Supreme Court. It is for the House to
act upon the matter. I believe, myself, that
but for the condition of things that arose in
one of the Territories a bill would not have
been introduced and referred originally to the
Committee on the Judiciary, where it is now
pending, covering this very question. That
committee has not yet reported. It is not for
me to say what their action will be. I refer
only to this section touching the Territories.
The committee may be of opinion, the major-
ity of tbem, that there ought to be an appeal
or a writ of error allowed, as the ease may
be. in all these cases, and they may so report
to the House. I do not think there is any
occasion for any great haste, in view of the
fact that your law of 1802, uutil within the
last year, has been treated with absolute con-
tempt in one of the Territories of this Union,
and no man has been brought to punishment
under it, although it is notorious to the whole
country that many there are guilty. I am
aware that they call their system " polyg
amy." The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butleb] is aware that that is the correct
use of the word, as indicated in our own stat-
ute of 1802 by the term "bigamy.'' 1 believe
the revised statutes of his own State have cor-
rected that corruption, and they very properly
call this offense bigamy. It means simply a
plurality of wives, contrary to the require-
ments of law. If this line I have asked to
be stricken out—and the question before the
House is simply upon striking out the words
" or to imprisonment in the penitentiary"—is
stricken out, the bill referred by this House
to the Committee on the Judiciary will remain
pending; and it may be that after due consid-
eration the judgment of the House will be that
such cases should all be brought up and sus-
pended in the Supreme Court, and that those
offenses^ against the conscience of this nation,
and against the law of this people, shall go on
indefinitely and defiantly for the next ten years
as they have done during the past ten years.
I do not think that there is anything in the
existing circumstances that surround us that
makes it needful that this statute of 1862 should
be evaded in th is way, nor do I believe, as I inti-
mated in the outset, that the administration of
justice requires that mere penitentiary offenses
shall be brought up for review before the
Supreme Court of the United States. The hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] in his remarks yesterday, said very
properly, upon the question of extending the
appellate jurisdiction ofthe Supreme Court over
the District of Columbia, that the suitors here
had five judges in the court of final resort to
decide all questions that might arise there, and
that there was something of security in this
"multitude of counselors." I quite agree with
the gentleman in that remark; and in your
Territories you have three judges to finally
decide upon all questions that may arise upon
the record in penitentiary offenses before any
of the district courts of those Territories. I
think, Mr. Speaker, that this gives to the peo-
ple of the Territories quite as much security
as the people have hitherto enjoyed in any of
the States of this Union, (I say this without
intending the slightest disrespect to any of
the judges who have presided in the circuit or
district courts of the United States,) although
no general review in error has hitherto been
allowed. I hope the House will sustain the
amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the House to the oper-
ation of this amendment. I need not say to
the lawyers ofthe House that heretofore, while
there has been an appeal to the Supreme Court
in cases in this District involving $1,000 or
more, and in a State, as a matter of right, in
cases where $2,000 or more were involved,
there has never been any proegss by which
any question of law in a criminal case, capital
or other, could be brought before the Supreme
Court of the United States, except where the
circuit and district judges were divided in
opinion if they happened to sit together ; and
there is no provision by which any question of
criminal law can be brought at all from any
Territory to the Supreme Court of the United
States.
That being the state of things, the com-
mittee, after after very great care and consult-
ation, agreed on this provision : that where a
case is tried in the circuit court, and the judge
thinks that a question of law has arisen, either
doubtful or important to bring before the
Supreme Court of the United States; where
the judge sitting alone is in doubt, he may
certify the case to the Supreme Court when
the crime charged is punishable with death, or
is one to which any other infamous punishment
is affixed ; and I assume that imprisonment in
the penitentiary is an infamous punishment.
We provide further, that where the judge, for
any reason, will not certify the case up, an
important question of law being raised there
on by either party, the party may put his
question of law upon the record and then ask
a judge of the Supreme Court of the United
States to say whether that question of law is
of sufficient importance and doubt to be heard
by the Supreme Court; and if one of the
judges ofthe Supreme Court, upon his official
responsibility, will say that a writ of error
ought to be allowed because the question is
doubtful or important, then the ease may come
up as on appeal. This bill gives no appeal in
such a case as a matter of right; and if the
judges of the Supreme Court cannot protect
themselves from too much business under the
provisions of this bill relating to this class of
cases, it is their fault, not ours. I think that a
question of imprisonment for ten years, or for
life, in the penitentiary is of far higher import-
ance than a question involving $2,000 or
$5,000. I think that the liberty of citizens
of this country is far beyond any question of
dollars.
Now, my friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
argues the question in two ways 
Mr. S ARGENT. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the debate has been closed upon
this bill, and that further discussion is not in
order. My object is to get on with the appro-
priation bills. If I am correct in my point, I
will ask the gentleman from Massachusetts to
allow this bill to go over until to-morrow, or
to take a vote upon it without further debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I assure
the gentleman that he had better let the bill go
through now. In that way he will get more
time for his appropriation bill than otherwise.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not wish to antag-
onize the gentleman, but it seems to me that
debate has closed upon the bill, and that it is
irregular to reopen it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
entitled to my closing hour, I suppose.
The SPEAKER. Debate is proceeding by
general consent.
Mr. SARGENT.' If the gentleman will state
when he will conclude 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will get
through when the time allowed for debate is
closed.
Mr. SARGENT. According to the de-
cision of the Chair, debate has already closed.
The discussion is now proceeding by general
consent. Will the gentleman be through in
ten minutes?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. All I
can say is that I do not think the gentleman
will gain any time on his appropriation bill by
cutting us short in this way.
Mr. SARGENT. I am not to be deterred
by a threat of that kind.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
threatening.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman can get
through in ten minutes I have no objection to
his proceeding. I wish to consult his con-
venience as well as that of the House. I have
in my charge the Indian appropriation bill,
and 1 feel it my duty to press it. If the gen-
tleman can get through in ten minutes, I will
withdraw my objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
get through as soon as I can.
Mr. SARGENT. Does the gentleman think
he can get through in ten minutes ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
think I will take any more than ten minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman will
say he will not take any more than ten min-
utes I will not interpose objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
see as I get along.
Mr. SARGENf. Then I object, and move
to go to business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In that
ease this vote will be taken by yeas and nays,
and that will take more than ten minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman will go
through in ten or fifteen minutes I will not
object, but I want this matter brought to a
conclusion, so we may get to other business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
propose to be fifteen minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman says he
will not be fifteen minutes I do not object to
his proceeding.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
have finished before now if the gentleman had
not interrupted me.
Mr. SARGENT, ldo not know about that.
