684
APPENDIX'TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
Senate.
Extension of the Ku Ktux Act—Mr. Gasserly.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
nothing but detestation arid contempt for the
conspirators who put upon them such an out-
rage.
My colleague says he never heard of these
navy yard proceedings. My colleague of
course knows what he heard of the matter
and what he did not hear. Whether or not
he heard anything of the matter I cannot
know. I cannot have any issue with him
upon a question of that kind, as to which his
word as a Senator is conclusive; yet I must
confess my astonishment at his statement.
The navy-yard doings were not hid under a
bushel. They were the subject of much remark
in the newspapers. They were a common
topic of conversation among the people. They
were a notorious public scandal. He seriously
suggests that I am under " some delusion " in
the matter. I ask my colleague to say whether
these two shameful card board tickets [exhib-
iting them] are each of them "a delusion?"
Let him look at them well. I tell him that
of the State ticket nearly thirteen hundred
were found in the boxes at the two precincts
at which the men from Mare Island voted.
I tell my colleague that the outgoing Gov-
ernor of the State, a most able and upright
chief magistrate, referred to it in his message
to the Legislature published in all the news-
papers of the State. IS will read a short extract
from the message of that officer, Governor
Haight:
"Purity of Election*.—The attorney general refers
to the paramount importance ot preserving the
purity of the ballot-box, and adverts in terms of
merited censure to the course pursued by (iovern-
liiont officers at. v;i Ilrjo in tile recent elections.
"The essence of free government eonsi-ts in the
free and voluntary choice ot officers by the electors.
If this freedom is destroyed, and men are coereed
into voting a particular ticket by threat of discharge
and fear of starvation, the act of depositing ballots
is a mockery and a fraud.
"When officers marshal fourteen or fifteen hun-
dred laborers to the polls, destroy the secrecy of the
ballot by compelling the use of strips of pasteboard
live eighths of an inch wide, printed closely in
diamond typo, so that alteration is impossible, they
aim a blow at the existenceof free government, and
virtually direot the machinery of republican insti-
tutions to defeat the popular wiil, upon which
they aro avowedly based. No partisan or personal
considerations should prevent aprompt and effectual
remedy tor thisabuse."
Why, sir, I should think it within bounds
forme to say 1 had at least a dozen articles cut
out of California papers of the two political
parties referring more or less at lengthto these
proceedings of which my colleague has never
heard and which he imagines must be " a delu-
sion" of mine. Is he not aware that two
suits were brought, one of which got as far
as the Supreme Court when it was withdrawn
on account of a technical objection, for the pur-
pose of testing the validity of the proceedings
which I have described, and whether such
tickets were ballots within the meaning of the
the law,—suits which attracted much atten-
tion ?
Of the many newspaper cuttings which I had,
but. one remains to me. That one is from the
Sacramento Union, apaperwhich my colleague
will recognize as one of the oldest, and most
widely circulated Republican papers in the
State.
Mr. COLE. Independent.
Mr. CASSERLY. "Independent.!" says
my colleague. Its "independence" I trust
does not lessen its authority as a journal of
the news of the day. An "independent"
journal may know, I presume, full as well as
"a party organ," of notorious public occur-
rences. Here is the article from that paper
of October o, 1871. The heading is—
"More about the Vallejo ballot—
which my colleague had never heard of, and
as to winch he thinks I am under "some
delusionl"
" The country press of the Democratic persuasion
have not yet got over the shock which the Vallejo
ballot has given them. Frequent recurrence is made
to it as a great outrage. The Union took occasion
to comment on the style of ticket used at. Vallejo at
the recent election, and we have seen no reason to
change our views on the subject since that time."
The Union, "independent" though it be,
as my colleague says, has supported every
Republican State ticket, elected since 18-31, in
California, including the ticket of last year.
I have referred to itsarticle now solely to show
how notorious the navy-yard proceedings were,
all through the State, and how very wide of
the marls my colleague wandered when he
spoke of my "delusion" upon this subject.
The "delusion" is his, not mine.
Mr. COLE. I am sure my colleague does
not mean to make a wrong impression as to
what I said. I will read from the Globe with
his permission a line only.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. What I said was:
" I have heard no complaint from any single per-
son in regard to anything that has taken place
there."
My colleague seeks to make an impression
that I had not heard of this. I had heard of
it, but no complaint was made to me about it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should not have ob-
jected to anything stated by my colleague as
to his want of knowledge on the subject, or
his want of knowledge as to any complaints.
My objection is to what I must call the liberty
he look of speaking of me as laboring "under
some delusion" in regard to the subject. His
words as reported—and correctly reported—
in the Globe of the next day, May 12, were,
that I was "ptobably laboring under some
delusion in regard to the election" at the polls
where the navy-yard vote was cast. My col-
league says again he heard no complaint. I
know not why he takes pains to tell us of this
so often. Whether he heard any complaint or
not is not a material issue. The question is:
did the authorities at the navy-yard commit or
sanction a scandalous outrage oil the free vote
of the workmen there, not only once but twice
at the elections last year? That is the great fact
before us—not whether my colleague ever
heard any complaint of it. Very likely no
complaints were brought to him. Very
likely he heard none. Complaints would
not naturally be addressed to him. It was
not his friends that were hurt. They gained
votes by the scandalous proceedings at the
navy-yard. Now he says he heard of the
matter, but heard of no complaint. If he
heard of the matter at all, he heard of a very
gross wrong, most discreditable to the author-
ities at the navy-yard. Is it any the less a
wrong that my colleague " heard no complaint
of it?" Surely he does not wait for complaint to
quicken his indignation against a palpable out-
rage ! My colleague is not very indignant even
now. Solar from that, he is quite serene if not
indifferent. Indeed, if we are to judge from
his remarks, he seems to make light of the
whole matter, and to regard it as rather extra-
ordinary that any one should make complaint
about it. I regret these dispositions of my
colleague. I had hoped for his influential
support in exposing now and in preventing for
the future an outrage upon the workingman's
vote which, I cannot but think, has in it every
element of meanness, malice, and oppression.
Doubtless I should have had my colleague
with me had he taken half the pains to inform
himself of the features of the transaction which
I took during my stay in California last Sep
tember and October. So much for that. I
trust that my brief and imperfect narrative of
these proceedings, as novel as they are scan-
dalous in the history of American politics and
American administrations, will illustrate the
intent and meaning of the first section of
my amendment, and the imperative necessity
of its adoption.
I shall now proceed to speak of the second
section of my amendment, which is directed
against another scandalous abuse in regard
to popular elections, for which also the coun-
try is indebted for the first time in its history
to the administration of General Grant.
The second section of my amendment is
designed to deal with the employment by Gen-
eral Grant of the Army and Navy of the
United States at elections in the States. That
is so great a subject, so alarming a subject, in
view of all we have seen at the elections of
the last two years, of all that now menaces us
at the elections of this year of our great pres-
idential contest, especially if the majority here
shall carry through its scheme of further
measures, backed up by armed force, to con-
trol the elections—that, I should have much
more room to speak of it than is left between
this and the hour fixed for closing the debate.
My time is so short that I shall have to be brief
in what I say.
The Senate will bear in mind—indeed it is
hard soon to forget—the act of May, 1870,
usually styled in the Senate and by its friends
outof it " the enforcement law." The people,
with their scorn of all false pretenses and their
habit of calling "a spade a spade," know it
almost universally as first passed in May, 1870,
and as amended in February, 1871, and made
still more atrocious, as the " bayonet election
law." Such in truth it is; and the very first
act of the kind ever known in our country. I
am confident it is without a parallel in the
history of any people claiming even a share of
representative institutions under the forms of
popular election. As first passed in May,
1870, it was still fresh on our statute books,
an entirely new contrivance in a free country
for enabling the General Government to sub-
ject the elections to its military force. No
time was allowed to a free people to become
accustomed to the enormity. At the very first
party exigency in the same year the President
made haste to use the new military power
placed in his hands by Congress. The Presi-
dent put the power in force at the general
election in New York in November of that
year. It was the first general election in that
State under the act. He selected as the field
of his operations the city of New York, where
there was, and for ten or fifteen years had been,
a Democratic majority counted by tens of
thousands.
I send up to the desk to be read the extracts
marked in the Appendix to the Congressional
Globe for the last session of the last Congress.
They are taken from a leading New York
journal, where they are given as the news of
the day. They commence with the official
orders issued on the very eve of the election
in that city from the " Headquarters of the De-
partment of the East, New York city," speci-
fying the positions to be occupied by the dif-
ferent bodies of United States troops", and the
preparations to be made by them for active
service, and so on.
After that comes the statement, obviously
semi-official, given by the same paper, of the
proceedings in the city of New York under
those orders, and also of the naval prepara-
tions on the same occasion for the same ob-
jects. I ask the Clerk to read both, and hope
they will attract the attention of t.he Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
[Official.]
Headquarters Department of the East,
New York City, November 5,1870.
[Special Orders .No. 229.J
1. The^ available officers and two hundred non-
commissioned officers and privates of the engineer
troops at Willett's Point, New York harbor, will
come to the headquarters' buildiug in this city on
next Monday evening, November 7, so as to arrive
by ten o clock p. m., prepared for armed service, and
to remain at least till Wednesday morning. They
will come m a steamboat which the quartermaster's
department will send for them, and will be landed
atthe foot offspring street, (Pier No. 43, North river,)
and march thence and take the station which may
