3424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,1
supported by the funds that Congress provides
for that purpose. To be sure, I suppose that
is a social right, and they have no business to
have social rights. Being a social right, as
the Senator from Illinois says, or if it is not
that, if it is a privilege, what business has a
colored man with privileges when white men
are around? But I do thiuk it is time for the
Congress of the United States at the earliest
proper opportunity at least to go so far as to
protect ita own grants of money and of lands
for the purposes of education, and give the
citizens of the United States an equal right
in them.
• This shows the great benefit, in the restora-
tion of good feeling among all the races in the
South, of making great haste to remove the
disabilities of people, I may add.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I will state to
the Senator from Vermont that the annual
meeting of the board of trustees of the Uni-
versity of Georgia takes place in the month of
August of every year. I cannot undertake to
say for that body what they will do any more
than the Senator himself can. As yet there
has not been a single building erected nor an
acre of ground purchased for the University of
Georgia in connection with the agricultural
fund. Nothing has been done. They have
employed Prolessor Braun to preside over the
agricultural department. I have a slight ac-
quaintance with him. He comes into the State,
and is immediately addressed by the president
of some colored educational institution at At-
lanta to know whether colored people will be
admitted to his department. There seems to
be a very greatdegree of impatience about the
matter. Hardly had the fund been applied by
the Governor to the State University for the
purposes prescribed in the act of Congress—
and it was only done when it was done by the
Governor toavuid ils lapsing—before this in-
quiry came. It is remarkable with what
promptness the inquiry is made. It is some-
what akin, I think, to the movement in the
State of Ohio, and very nearly akin to that
degree of captiousness that marks this whole
legislation. There is a vast amount of hum-
buggery about this tiling, which will, one
day or other, be revealed, and if my judg1-
ment of human nature is worth anything at
all, I venture the prediction it will recoil in
the North and the iiast of this country upon
those who agitate it moat. There are men
now living who will lament the extreme and
wild philanthropy that they now so much
vaunt 011 this floor. It will come. Sir, if I
knew that it would overwhelm and crush me
forever I would not yield (call it prejudice,
or call it what you please) my common sense
to this clamor which has sprung up in the
country daring the last seven years.
When I meet a southern man, an old slave-
holder, who has lived to see sixty years of
life, and hear him say that he rejoices in the
destruction of the institution of slavery, though
held on to it to the last day that he was per-
mitted to hold it, he must pardon me if I ex-
press some doubts of bis candor. I never
made anything out of the institution of sla-
very myself. I was always called a negro
spoiler. I spoiled everything, if indulgence
could do it, that was around me. It was the
great weakness of my nature. Personally, I
do not think 1 suffered by the emancipation of
my slaves. I recall a time when they were
standing around me, while Sherman's guns
were thundering upon Atlanta, and some of
them asked me what it all meant? I told
them, "It means you will be a free people;
prepare yourselves for itand that was nearly
a year before they were free.
Men are always apologizing for the institu-
tion of slavery. I make no apology for it. I
was old enough, matured enough, had reflected
enough, to know whether the institution was a
curse, or whether it was a blight upon my own
conscience and character that I tolerated it.
If I had thought that I debased myself by so
doing, I would have scorned to hold on to it,
as I did do. No, sir; with all the evils that
surrounded slavery, it had its redeeming fea-
tures. Like war, it was a great crucible in
which character was tried. There was the
amplest opportunity for the display of many
of the noblest virtues of the human heart.
Sir, in my advanced age, I should hate to
have to go back and become the nurse that I
have been of the poor dependent people who
were once my property. . It has caused me
too much pain, too much anxiety, too much
solicitude, to have so many friends, so many
human creatures dependent upon me. But
have I any apology to make to anybody for
the past? None upon earth. Have I under-
gone the extraordinary transformation that
enables me to behold through the acts of this
Government wrongs I could not see before?
Do they convince me that the black man and
I sprung from the same great progenitor, and
that he and I are equals in ali respects; that
I can distinguish uo superiority of race on
my own part above his? No, sir; I no more
see all that to-day than I did in the days of
slavery. Call it prejudice if you will; it is
the white man's prejudice this world over!
There has been a class of men through
all ages who have sung in beautiful strains
the glories of universal freedom. These were
the poets who have delighted mankind through
all time ; but for all that, the practical world
has continued to regard their effusions more as
the dreams of enthusiasts than as solid truths
to guide philosophers and statesmen. Human
servitude may change its form, but will soon
reappear in another shape.
I shall never undertake to delude the black
man of my State—and I live in a section over-
whelmingly black, and am a friend of all that
are deserving—by endeavoring to persuade
him that a new light, as miraculous as that
which broke upon Saul of Tarsus, has fallen
upon me ; that the scales have dropped from
iny eyes, and that I now behold him an ele-
vated being, my peer, and the peer of the
proudest in the laud, when the time was that I
could not Rpe it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairregrets
to state to the Senator that his five minutes
have expired.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Texas that by the
rule each Senator is to speak but live minutes
on any amendment.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have no idea of
speaking that long.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
has already spoken once. The Senator from
Texas asks consent to speak again upon this
amendment. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I should not have risen
but for the fact that my distinguished friend
from Georgia says that whenever he sees a
man who owned a number of slaves and ex-
presses himself as thanking his God that they
have been liberated, and all that kind of tiling,
he questions his candor. I will state to him
that it is a matter of very small consequence
as to his estimate of me. I am over sixty
years of age; I owned a great many slaves,
and I have come very near saying what he
spoke of. Whether he alluded to ine or not
I do not know. If be did not, he diew a very
pretty portrait. [Laughter.] As to his con-
clusion, it is a very small matter to me. I
am responsible for my own sincerity. I have
been the colored man's friend first, last, and
always. I was one when I owned them; I
was a Henry Clay man in his views upon that
question. We never disagreed.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow me one
word right there?
Mr. FLANAGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HILL. The Senator is aware that
though Henry Clay was in the abstract opposed
to the institution of slavery- he died the owner
of a slave. Mr. Clay consented to own a slave
up to his death. He did not emancipate when
he could have emancipated.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Do I understand the
Senator to say he could have emancipated ?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir. ,
Mr. FLANAGAN. Where?
Mr. HILL. Mr. Clay could have emanci-
pated his slave by the laws of Kentucky.
Mr. FLANAGAN. No, sir; I think not.
Mr. HILL. I think he could.
Mr. FLANAGAN. No, sir; I think not in
Kentucky.
Mr. HILL. I will inquire of the Senator
from Kentucky ; but sucli is my recollection.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I think I know about
that as well as you do.
Mr. HILL. I do not see the Senator from
Kentucky in his seat; but I think that is true.
Mr. LOGAN. I think the question between
these two Senators in reference to whether
Henry Clay could have emancipated his slaves
or not is not pertinent; for the rnaiu question
is, how many did he own? [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. I am not particular about that.
He owned some.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I owned enough to
have made my friend from Illinois tolerably
rich if he had been there.
Mr. LOGAN. They would not make any-
body very rich now.
Mr. FLANAGAN. No, and I am not
aggrieved at the loss of their value. But,
sir, this is a very small matter. 1 am iu favor
of the passage of the civil rights bill. As my
friend from Illinois says, it does not matter
how many slaves were owned by individuals
in the Senate. * I was always, as I was remark-
ing, the friend of the black man, and I am yet,
and many of those that I owned and who were
raised with me and by me aro upon my lands
now, free and easy and doing well. They ride
where they please whenever they can raise the
money to carry them, and I am gratified that
they have that privilege, and I want to age it
extended to them to the very fullest exteut,
and I will give my vote for it upon auy and
all occasions.
_ Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, I do not
rise to continue the discussion of the slave
question. That quesion has been decided. I
am one of " the old slaveholders," barring
the "old" part, who to day says in truth,
(and he thinks be speaks his heart when he
says it) he is gratified that the institution of
slavery exists no longer. It was a cancer
upon the body of the nation. It has been cut
out. It produced a flow of blood that was
alarming in the operation, but I am thankful
that the patient gives evidences of recovery.
I hold slaves. I was no more responsible for
holding slaves than was the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts or the Senator from Vermont. The
nation authorized mo to do so. It was an in-
stitution that belonged to the country. There
were many in the South who held slaves who
would have been glad if that institution bad
been removed, and it was not inconsistent for
those people to resist what they conceived to
be an aggression upon the part of the North to
despoil them of their property, for they be-
lieved slavery was right of itself.
I wished, however, to speak with regard to
the practical operation of that pan of the bill
with regard to schools. You may bay to the
passions of the people " lie down," but they
will not, and they assume the form of facts
when they aro presented before legislative as-
semblies. The father who brings Ins son into
the world and refuses to educate him inflicts
an injustice upon society; and that Govern-
ment which does that which will retard educa-
tion and enforce ignorance does a wrong to
society utid to itself. Every man in this Cham-
ber and in this nation is interested in the
education of the children of the land, white
and colored, and he should pursue that course,
without regard to party, which is best calcu-
lated to advance the cause of education.
it
A
