THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 13,
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will allow
me a word, I will correct him again.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly; 1 wish to be
corrected if I am in error.
Mr. LOGAN. I will give an instance.
Take the patients at Savannah and Mobile.
If the Senator will go to the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury, or the office of
the supervising surgeon, he will find there a
contract made by this supervising surgeon
with different persons for keeping the patients
per day at a certain price.
Mr. CHANDLER. Where we have not a
hospital I admit that.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don ; it applies to the hospital-houses, if you
call them bouses, as well as to where you have
none. You will find every contract in that
office made by this supervising surgeon in ref-
erence to the per diem to be paid for the
board and treatment of these persons. I know
what I am speaking about.
Mr. CHANDLER. That may be the case
in Mobile, and it may be the case in Savannah.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 only give them as illustra
tions. I speak of it as applicable to every
place.
Mr. CHANDLER. That does not touch
my argument at all. The reduciion in cost is
occasioned by the reduction of the expense
of living, the reduction in the price of beef,
pork, and all the supplies that euter into the
consumption of a hospital.
Now, sir, all that the Senator has said does
not change this matter at all. If there are
one hundred and thirty-five marine hospitals
put down here, one hundred and eleven of
the places that are put down as having hospi-
tals this supervising surgeon never visits, and
lias nothing whatever to do with ; the collectors
ofthe ports manage them. Then, again, where
ever we have a hospital we have a local sur-
geon, generally a skillful surgeon, who attends
to these things. Iadinitthatabuses crept into
the system from the feet that the clerk in the
Treasury Department knew nothing about med-
icine, and it is important that we should have
an educated physician to superintend the gen-
eral distribution of mediciucs ; and that is all
he has to do, once a year to examine the hos-
pitals and superintend the medicines.
Mr. LOGAN. Let me ask the Senator right
there whether he believes that he can employ
a skillful physician anywhere for this purpose
for $2,000 a year ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I think I could. It
does not take more than two or three months'
time in the year.
Mr. COLE. I must insist on an enforce-
ment of the rule that restricts Senators to two
speeches on the same subject, and the two
Senators have already exceeded that rule.
Mr. BOREMAN. Is it in order to move to
commit this amendment, apart from the bill,
to a committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) That motion is
not m order.
Mr. BOREMAN. The amendment, as origin-
ally offered, I believe, comprehended twenty-
three officers. We have added one by way
of amendment. Here is a proposition to add
another. That will make twenty-five. In
reading some time sincc the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, I find that in connec-
tion with the recommendations in regard to
these officers he recommends also that the
salaries of a large number of clerks be in-
creased, and I thought if it were possible it
■would be well to commit this subject to a com-
mittee and let them examine into it and make
a report.
I know that it is a very ungracious task to
oppose the increase of salaries of these friends
of ours in the Departments who labor so assid-
uously for the good of the country, without
regard to personal interests, of course ; but it
strikes me that this is a very unpropitious
moment in which to increase the salaries of
our officers. If this proposition had been
made in 1864, when gold was Worth 290, I be-
lieve, there might have been some pretext for
it; but now the currency in which these gen-
tlemen are paid is pretty near up to par. We
have upon us a very heavy debt; the people
complain of taxation; and it strikes me it
would be appropriate to defter this subject
until some other time. I have risen for the
purpose of again testing the sense of the Sen-
ate upon this whole proposition, and I there-
fore again move that it be laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia moves to lay the
amendment to the amendment on the table.
Mr. LOGAN. I suggest to the Chair that
a vote was taken on that very proposition by
yeas and nays last night.
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir, I understand
that to be the case ; but that does not preclude-
another motion of a similar character being
made, I apprehend.
Mr. COLE. The motion to lay upon the
table, upon which the yeas and nays were called
yesterday, was to lay the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] on the
table. That was the question at that time.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the Senator's pardon.
It was a motion made by the Senator from
Ohio to lay this proposition of mine on the
table, and the yeas and nays were taken upon
it, and it was rejected. That is the fact, as the
Senator will see by the record.
Mr. BOREMAN. My motion is a different
one. I move to lay the original amendment
and the amendment to the amendment on the
table.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Chair if we can
have a division of the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
rules the motion made by the Senator from
West Virginia out of order. The language of
the rule is: "Any pending amendment to a
general appropriation bill may be laid on the
table without affecting the bill." The "pend-
ing amendment" in this case is the amend-
ment to the amendment; but a motion having
once been made to lay it upon the table and
defeated, and a division of the question being
now called for, the Chair cannot entertain the
motion a second time.
Mr. BOREMAN. I understood the ruling
of the Chair yesterday to have been different.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
rules as he has stated, but the Senator can
take an appeal
Mr. POMEROY. I apprehend if there has
been any intervening business since we voted
on the last motion, we have a right to repeat
the motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A motion to lay oil the
table can be renewed from time to time after
debate.
Mr. BOREMAN. That' is not the ques
tion, Iuuderstand. The Chair decides that the
motion cannot be entertained at all; that it
must be confined to the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois to the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe to the Senator from West Virginia
that not being in the chair before, he was not
aware that intervening business had occurred
since a similar motion was made. That being
so, the Chair will entertain a motion to lay the
amendment to the amendment on the table, if
that is the motion the Senator makes.
Mr. BOREMAN. My motion was to lay
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
with the amendments to that, of course, on
the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. That is not
in order. The Chair holds that the " pending
amendment" is the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg to remind the Chair
that the Vice President yesterday had that
very question before him, and ruled that a
motion to lay an amendment and an amend-
ment to that amendment on the table could
be entertained, and we did vote upon such a
motion, and it wus lost by one majority. I
hope, therefore, the Chair will entertain this
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Chair
will observe, in response to the Senator from
Vermont, that while in the Chair he has ruled
on that question that the language of this
special rule applied to the " pending amend-
ment," which was the amendment immediately
before the Senate, and did not apply to any
other for this reason, that that would compli-
cate the action of the Senate. Senators might
be in favor of the amendment, and not in favor
of the amendment to the amendment, and thus
they would be compelled to vote down a prop-
osition which they were in favor of. There-
fore, in the judgment of the Chair, subject to
an appeal to the Senate, the " pending amend-
ment " is the amendment to the amendment,
which the Senator from West Virginia moves
to lay on the table.
Mr. BOREMAN. My purpose was to get
rid of the whole subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can attain that object by moving to lay the
amendment to the amendment on the table,
and if that is carried, then he can move to lay
the amendment on the table.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think it probable that
in the mean time somebody else wiil offer
another amendment to the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. This is an exceptional
rule. It does not obtain in legislation. It was
adopted last year, and was intended to allow a
pending amendment, and nothing else, to be
laid on the table. The Senator from Califor-
nia says they are both pending. So is the bill
pending; so is everything pending; but that
is not the rule. This is a technical rule, made
•to apply to appropriation bills only, and its
language is "any pending amendment." It
is this specific amendment that you can move
to lay on the table. You cannot table the
bill; you cannot table two amendments pend-
ing at the same time by one vote, but you
can table this one amendment. You cannot
put two amendments together and table them
both.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can suggest a
way out of this difficulty. I understand the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan] desires to
modify his amendment in such a form that I,
for one, shall have no objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 think the
present occupant of the ehair is mistaken in
the ruling of the Chair yesterday ; and I desire
to call his attention to the words of the Vice
President. He said:
*' The amendment to the amendment could not be
pending unless the amendment was pending. They
are therefore both pending amendments. J\'o doubt
the amendment to the amendment could be laid on
the table separately, but the Senator from Vermont
includes both, exactly as a bill and pending amend-
ment may be laid on the table."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will defer to the ruling ot the Vice President,
at the same time adhering to his own judg-
ment that the " pending amendment," iu the
language of the rule, belore the Senate, is the
amendment to the amendment. The Chair
will entertain the motion, in deference to the
ruling of theViee President.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think there can
be any controversy about the ruling of the
Chair in this case. The Chair is evidently
right on the subject. It is absurd to suppose
because two amendments are pending to a
bill under consideration, that a technical rule
which provides that a "pending amendment"
may be laid on the table, means that two
amendments and the bill can be laid on the
table. It does not mean any such thing. You
can lay on the table the " pending amend-
ment" under that rule, and that is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You' could make a mo-
tion to lay the bill and everything connected
with it on the table.
