1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4321
Mr. HOLMAN. I will state what is the
ground for the objections to this bill. An
arrangement was made in 1864, it is alleged,
between the Secretary of War and the State
of New Hampshire, that the State might
advance the money to pay the bounties. The
effect was to give the State of New Hampshire
an advantage over all the other States in refer-
ence to the bounty.
A second objection is that the Government
was not able to carry this provision into effect,
but that many of these soldiers, perhaps the
larger portion of them, we do not know how
many, were paid their bounties at the time
they were discharged from service ; as it was
practically impossible to tell which had re-
ceived their bounties from the State of New
Hampshire and which had not. It is for this
reason that the measure has been delayed
from year to year. I think the bill should
go to the Committee of Claims for further
examination.
Mr. CO BURN. This matter has been re-
ferred in a bill of the House to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and they are now consid-
ering it. It strikes me as being possibly a just
claim. But it is now in the hands of a sub-
committee of the Committee on Military
Affairs. They have not yet reported. The
matter, I think, is of sufficient importance to
require further examination.
Mr. HOLMAN. The same subject is in the
Committee of Claims, and has been for the
last three or four years.
Mr. COB CRN. It involves an expenditure
of thirty or forty thousand dollars; I cannot
state the precise amount. Our committee is
not yet ready to report upon it; but at the
next call we will no doubt be ready to do so.
Mr. H1BBARD. If the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. CoBURif] will permit me, I will
state that the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stoughton,] who had the matter in charge
as a member of the Committee on Military
Affairs, and investigated it, informed me that
he had no objection to the passage of the bill.
Mr. COB URN. It has not been reported
to the committee, and there has been no action
on it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the bill should go
to the Committee of Claims, which has had
charge of the matter. I move that it be so
referred.
Mr.' COBURN. I move to amend that
motion by making the relerence to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to ; and the bill
was accordingly referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
system 01' bankruptcy.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 774, to declare the true
intent and meaning of section two of an act
entitled ''An act to establish a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," approved March 2, 1867.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
powers and jurisdictions granted to the sev-
eral circuit courts of the United States, or any
justice thereof, by section two of an act en-
titled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867, may be exercised in
any district in which the powers or jurisdiction
of a circuit court have been or may be conferred
on the district court for such district, as if
such powers or jurisdiction had been conferred
on such district court, it being the true intent
and meaning of said act that the system of
bankruptcy thereby established shall be uni-
form throughout the United States.
Mr. MERCUR. I move that this bill be
passed.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was passed. ■
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
42D CONS. 2DSESS.—NO. 271.
son, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference upon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 984) grant-
ing the right of way through the public lands
to the Denver ami Rio Grande Railway Com-
pany.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a resolution for printing addi-
tional copies of so much of the ninth census
as relates to the statistics of agriculture for
the use of the Commissioner of Agriculture;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
tariff and tax bill, .
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read and, under the law,
referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be compiled and printed,
vmder the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, for the use of the two Houses of Congress and
the Treasury Department, live thousand copies of
the tariff and tax law, approved June 7, 187i2.
civil rights.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 99, to declare and enforce
the civil rights of citizens of the United States.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that whoever, being a corporation or
natural person, and owner or in charge of any
public inn or of any place of public amusement
or entertainment, for which a license from any
legal authoiity is required, or of any line ot
stage-coaches, railroad, or other means of pub-
lic carriage of passengers or freight, shall make
any distinction as to treatment or accommoda-
tion therein of any citizen of the United States
because of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, shall, on conviction thereof, be
fined not less than $500 nor more than $5,000
for each offense, and the person or corpora-
tion so offending shall be liable to the citizens
thereby injured in damages to be recovered in
an action of debt.
The second section provides that offenses
under this act and actions to recover damages
may be prosecuted before any territorial, dis-
trict, or circuit court of the United States hav-
ing jurisdiction of crimes at the place where
the offense was charged to have been commit-
ted, with a right of appeal, or to have a writ of
error in any case to the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Mr. PERCE. I move that this bill be passed.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to move an amend-
ment to this bill. I will say that I have con-
ferred with several gentlemen on both sides of
the House, and the opinion seems to be very
uniform that the penalty that is provided in
this bill is more severe than it ought to he,
especially that the minimum of the penalty
should be struck out. The bill provides that
there shall be a penalty of not less than $500
and not more than $5,000. I propose to
amend the bill so that it shall provide a pen-
alty not exceeding $1,000, and to leave it in
the discretion of whatever court may be called
upon to impose the penalty to impose any
sum less than $1,000. down to the very small-
est amount. I apprehend that, as everybody
is in favor of a civil rights bill, all the can
didates, and all the platforms, so far as we
know, are in favor of it, this bill will pass
without objection.
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] allow the limit to be
fixed at $100 instead ot $1,000?
Mr. POLAND. I cannot. There may be
a case where the circumstances would require
a severe penalty, a penalty of considerable
severitv. There may be cases that would be
infractions of the law where the very smallest
penalty would suffice. I think we may sately
trust this to the discretion of the courts that
have these penalties to impose, it we leave
them with the right to go to the very smallest
sum that the law recognizes.
Mr. BECK. What is the minimum provided?
Mr. POLAND. None at all. I pro-
pose by my amendment that the fine shall not
exceed $1,000, leaving the sum entirely in the
discretion of the court, only that it shall be
below that amount.
Mr. BROOKS. Has the gentleman from
Vermont any objection to changing the title
by striking out the words "civil rights " and
inserting the words " social rights ? "
Mr. POLAND. I am not aware that there
is anything in the bill that requires any. such
change in the title.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman object
to that amendment ?
Mr. POLAND. An amendment of the
title?
Mr. BROOKS. To change it from "civil
rights" to "social rightss."
Mr. POLAND. There is nothing in the
bill in relation to social rights.
Mr. BROOKS. There is nothing in the
bill in relation to civil rights that every col-
ored person does not now possess.
Mr. POLAND. The bill is to protect them
by means of a penalty.
Mr. BROOKS. They are now already pro-
tected under the common law, everywhere.
They have the same rights that I have, and
[ am willing to give them all the rights that I
have.
Mr. BECK. Has the amendment been
agreed to ?
The SPEAKER. The. motion of the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] is that
the bill pass with the amendment.
Mr. BECK. I will state the object of my
inquiry. No one on this side has any objec-
tion to the amendment, though there may ba
objections to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The vote on the amend-
ment and on the passage of the bill must be
taken together.
Mr. DA.WES. Cannot the amendment be
adopted first?
Mr. RANDALL. Under the suspension
of the rules you must take both or none.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
to considering the bill as before the House,
then the first question  
Mr. RANDALL and several others. There
is no objectiou.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will be unan-
imous consent that the amendment may be
adopted.
The SPEAKER. There will be nothing
gained by that, as the question must then be
upon the passage of the bill as amended.
Mr. POLAND. If gentlemen on the other
side desire to vote first on the amendment I
am perfectly willing.
The SPEAKER. The House is now pro-
ceeding in the consideration of business upon
the Speaket's table with the understanding that
a suspension of the rules shall be necessary to
dispose of any bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. By unanimous con-
sent the amendment might be ingrafted on
the bill and afterward the vote be taken on
the passage of the bill as amended.
The SPEAKER. The bill must either be
before the House or not. If the biil is con-
sidered before the House for the purpose of
amendment, it must be considered before the
House for the purpose of passage.
Mr. BECK. Then I object to its coming
before the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Vermont is to pass the bill with
the amendment.
Mr. POLAND. Gentlemen on the other
side seem desirous (and I wish to accommo-
date them in this matter) to vote upon the
amendment first, and if they can arrange with
the Speaker any way in which a vote can ba
had I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. As a two-thirds vote
would afterward be necessary on the passage
of the bill, the gentleman from Vermont will
see that he would gam nothing by that course.
