1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
4:jj> Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of the Ku Klux Act—Mr. Casserly.
Senate.
besh wn them by the district quartermaster. They
will ' ring a day's cooked ration*. Facilities will be
afforu"d in the building for making hot coffee.
2. .A 11 the available officers and men at the eighth
iniciu'ry will be brought to the city on Monday the
7th i; tant, to arrive about ten o'clock p.m. They
willc .me prepared for armed service, with tbeirover-
coatf- and ulaukeu*, to lomLiiu at least (in Wednes-
day u. jrniug, the 9th instant. The colonel, with five
cotui rues, will take po&tin building No. 1 >1 Avenue
B, ncs.r tUe northeu-r, corner of Tompkins square,
and t'ie lieutenant colonel. with live companies, will
take post in buildings No*.3J2 321, and 32o East Forty-
Filth street, between Fir-tand Second avenues.
S. Tnc available othcers and men of the compa-
nies of the iirst artillery at Forts Hamilton, Wads-
worth, and Wood, uuder Colonel Vogdes, or the
senior officer, will come to the city on Monday even-
ing, the 7th instant, to arrive by about ten p. m., pre-
pared for armed service, and to remain at least till
Wednesday morning. They will take post in build-
ing No. 2U4 Broadway, near the corner of Keade
street, and will land at the wharf most convenient
for their reaching that point. They will bring with
thecn a day's cooked rations and their eamp-kettlee
for mjking coffee. The district quartermaster will
furnish drays to carry their effects from the steam-
boat.
4. The troops above indicated, and the fifth artil-
lery, .rom Fort Trumbull and Fort Adams, are to be
brought hereto aid the United States civil officers
in the execution of their duty in enforcing the Uni-
ted S ates laws, and it cannot be too strongly im-
pressed on them that the duty they have to perform
isonrof exceeding delicacy and of the highest im-
portance. arul rhat it may depend largely on their
fideli y and good conduct that peace is maintained.
Tht-y will be held m readiness for service at liter-
ally u moment'* notice; and from the time of their
arriv;)! not a man will be allowed to leave the build-
ing on any account or for any purpose whatever
unless under a commissioned officer.
5. Commanders of the stations above named will,
immediately on their arrival, send a report of the
fact to department headquarters.
By command of Brigadier General McDowell'.
ROBERT 0. PERRY,
Acting Asnataat Adjutant General.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then follows from the
same newspaper what 1 have called the semi-
official bulletin of the movements and prep-
arations of the United States forces. Army
and .Navy.
The Clerk read the following :
"The troops came on Monday night and disem-
barked silently to their several quarters. During
the day perfect order reigned. Tiie headquarters
of the department, at the corner of Hou&ton and
Greene streets, presented a quiet appearance. The
stair-ways, however, leading to the two upper stories
of the building were packed with troops. The en-
gineer department, from Wiilett's Poinr, numbering
three hundred men. with companies 11 and I of the
filth united States artillery, from Fort Trumbull,
rjew London, Connecticut, all under command of
Colonel Kiddoe, were quartered in the halls and on
the stairs. Their arms were stacked, and the men
werescattered round on benchesandon the floor, or
stood in groups engaged in conversation. All were
armed with the latest improved needle-gun, and
furnished witu forty rounds of ammunition, with
one hundred rouuds a man in reserve.
At pier No. 27 North river companies A, B, and
L,i of the iifch United State? artillery, from Fort
Adams, Newport, were quartered on the steamer
Metis. In addition to these was Dupont's lightbat-
tery of tour guns. None were allowed to leave tho
boat or to enter without a pass. The men were in
the lower part of the boat, and the officers were in
fche cabin under Colonel Hunt.
Companies B, C, D, H, and M, of the first United
state* artillery. Colonel Vog-des, from Forts Ham-
ilton and Wadsworth, New York harbor, were sta-
tioned in the three upper stories of No. 294 Broad-
way.
"AtNo. 161 AvenueB, near Tompkins square,
there were stationed the first live companies of the
eighth inlantr>, Colonel Bomford in command,
ihis regiment came fruin David's Ishind, arul was
armed with the needle-gun. They were quartered
in the hall over a lager-beer saloon, and company
A was kept under arms ready for marching orders,
•the remaining live companies of the regiment were
on lorty-Fiith f-treet, between First and Second
avenues, in the large room of a brewery. Guards
Were, as iu all cases, stationed at the top and bot-
tom of the stairs, and all who applied for entr.uice
were taken under guard belore Colonel Edie. Long
rows ot stacked arms extended the whole length of
the hall. An ample supply of ammunition was
wrought to the place, amounting m the aggregate
to^one hundred and forty rounds lor each man.
J*1 the Uivcrtuul /larbur.—The frigates Gucrriore
and ISarrajransett were at anchor at the foot of
Chamber*street,North river, and Wail street, East
river, respeuth ely. The port-holes were ail closed,
however, and every appearance of warlike prepa-
ration on hoard was avoided. None other than the
troops n-gulariy stationed there were on Governor's
island."
Mr. CASSERLY. There, Mr. President,
you see, and the whole Senate sees, what was
I the plan of the campaign for election day in
| the city of New York in November, 1870;
| what preparations were made by the President
I and his administration for making war, per-
j haps summary and sudden war, that election
i day, without proclamation or warning,—upon
; our greatest American city and her people
I of more than a million souls, in time of
: profound peace. Says another leading New
I York journal, the day after the election,
"There were about three thousand regular
troops in and about the city yesterday." Yes,
sir, three thousand regular troops, infantry
and artillery, of the Army of which the Presi-
dent is the Commander in-Chief, were there.
The Navy, of which also he is the Comman-
der in-Chief, was there too. His war ships
were there in the harbor of New York.
How perfect were the preparations of this
force of three thousand regular troops the
statements just read abundantly show. The
troops were distributed at the central points
of the chief quarters of the ciiy.
"All [says the journalist] were armed with the
latest improved needle-gun, and furnished with
forty rounds of ammunition, with one hundred
rounds a man in reserve."
The Navy, too, was in position to play its
part in hostile operations. Says the same
journal again:
" The frigates Guerriere and ^arragansett were at
anchor at the foot of Chambers street, North river,
and Wall street, East river, respectively."
So, abreast of the city, on each side of her,
lay these war ships. "Their ports were
closed,'' for the plan was to make no show
of warlike preparations; but they were ready
to be flung open in an instant to let the bat-
teries be run out broadside at the word of
command. The orders were in true drum-
head phrase, that everything should be ''in
readiness for service at literally a moment's
notice."
For what foreign or domestic foe arrayed in
arms against the United States were these
deadly preparations meant; this body of "three
thousand regular troops" armed with "the
latest improved needle-gun," each man to be
furnished with one hundred and forty rounds
of ammunition, supported by a suitable force
of artillery; and these warships lying abreast
of the city on- each side, with their batteries
in place ready to be run out to deal devasta-
tion and death "literally at a moment's
notice"? Oh, no! It was for no such foe,
foreign or domestic, that these three thousand
regulars, foot and artillery, so armed and
posted, were in the field, or that these frigates
lay, one each side of the city, like war dogs
straining on the leash—each and all. soldiers
and ships, the whole devilish enginery of
destruction, ready "literally at a moment's
notice" to launch the war upon the devoted
city. No such thing.
It was for our great metropolis and her peace-
ful people on her election day in November,
1870, that all these preparations were meant.
For them, and them only, did the President and
his administration conceive and organize such
means of bloodshed and destruction as no
Christian Government in this century has
dared to devise against its chief city and her
people, except in a case of armed insurrection,
actual or imminent, or of some terrible mob
raging with a mighty force and fury beyond
all resources of the civil power. I repeat it,
not one.
Oh, sir, what a spectacle that was for in-
dignation at home, for wonder and sorrow
abroad! The great Republic of the world,
the earliest and the latest hope of freedom,
to which for more than three generations of
men all well-wishers and believers m man's
capacity to govern himself turned in faith and
hope for the triumph of that grand idea—our
great Republic that November day of 1870
had nothing belter to show to friends and ene-
mies of free popular institutions everywhere
; than its chief city held in full military oceupa-
| tion by an American President and his adtnin-
| istration becauseofa contested election, in the
ji midst of profound peace and perfect order.
|j After all the years spent without let or hin-
derance in proving and applying the American
ji plan of human government, was this all we
11 fiad to show—the chief city of America placed
j; in a state of siege, because an American Pres-
;| ident and his administration would not trust
1 the people to hold a contested election under
the regulation of their own laws and their own
officers, as they had held their elections since
the foundation of the Government!
I say nothing now of the gross unconstitu-
tionality of the whole of this violent proceed-
ing, whether you consider that the President
had his military and naval forces in the city
of New York without the request and against
the known wishes of the State authorities, and
therefore in bold violation of the constitu-
tional direction on the subject; or that the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to the
Constitution which operate only on States as
such, give absolutely no warrant for the act
of Congress of May, 1870, the first " bayonet
act," under which the President professed to
act, and which is referred to as the source of
authority in the order issued at the time in
New York, dated " Headquarters Depart-
ment of the Bast, New York City, November
2, 1870."
I dwell on it as a notice and confession to
mankind by those engaged in it of the failure
of the American theory of man's capacity
for self-government. 1 say so because if,
in November, 1870, there was justification or
plausible ground for the military force em-
ployed by the President, nothing is more cer-
tain than that the same justification or ground
would be found at every other election. I say
further that a people unable to hold their elec-
tions except under the presence and pressure
of military force are manifestly unfit to have
elections. In other words, they are incapable
of governing themselves; for an American
election is nothing more or less than the man-
ifestation and exercise by the people of their
right of self-government. All this would be
true were it true that the military proceedings
of the President were justifiable, or even capa-
ble of plausible excuse. But, as all the facts
and circumstances before and after showed,
they were neither justifiable nor excusable.
I do not forget that, to supply some color for
these proceedings, certain pretenses were
loudly circulated beforehand. Thus there
were pretenses that violent resistance might
be made to the first enforcement at theeiecxion
of the odious and unconstitutional act of Con-
gress of May, 1870, known as the "bayonet
election law." The law was atrocious enough
to excite great popular indignation. In the
better days of the Republic it would hardly
have been borne. Still there was nothing in
the circumstances of parties, or in the recent
history of elections in New York, to authorize
the professed fears of a serious disturbance.
For many years the elections there had been
exceptionally quiet—quiet beyond the example
of elections in other great cities. In the next
place, the pretenses so ostentatiously urged
were of disturbances to be made by the Demo-
cratic party. As that party had a known great
majority in the city, all of which was requirtd
to enable it to carry the State of New York
for its Governor and the rest of the State
ticket, it was absolutely without motive for any
disturbance great or small. A great disturb-
ance was sure to cut down the Democratic
majority. A great or even a small disturbance
would furnish to the swarms of commissioners
and their bailiffs, and of deputy marshals, un-
der the "bayonet election law," a pretext for
taking possession of the polls, for arresting
the officers of election, and thus and otherwise
breaking up the election. No, sir, no military
