686
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
Senate.
Extension of the Ku Klux Act—Mr. Gasserly.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
force is ever needed to keep the majority
party from throwing away the election. That
pretext was too transparent.
Besides the pretenses of violence, there was
aery of extensive frauds to be practiced. This
was. if possible, a more palpable sham than the
other one. You do not prevent frauds by mili-
tary force. Kather you thereby incite to fraud
as the uatural i esort against force. Still less do
you discover frauds by means of infantry and
artillery and war ships. Clumsier instru-
ments for the purpose could not be devised.
A skillful attorney with a corps of trained
detectives under his orders would far surpass
a general with an army and au admiral with
a navy in hunting out frauds.
Crimes against good government are always
committed in the name of good government.
The New York proceedings were no exception.
They were in the name of "a fair election."
•'A fair election," sir! The presence of
military force at an election where no serious
violence against the election exists or is threat-
ened is simply a menace to the election. It
makes it a military election. • Who does not
know that a military election is not and cannot
be " a fair election V" It is no election. It
is itself a grosser fraud upon popular eleciion
than any other form of fraud tliat can be de-
vised. Such is the settled judgment, law, and
practice of all countries which have any popu-
lar elections worthy of the name. Those
countries where popular elections are not
worthy of the name are precisely those where
military force controls the elections. An elec-
tion which is not free from such control is 110
election. It wants the essential element of
election, that is, freedom of choice. Such
elections soon cease to bind. They are sub-
mitted to only when backed up by superior
physical force, as in so many of the Spanish
American Republics. They are then an idle
form ; for the same superior force, wiihout
which they signify nothing, would without the
form place or maintain the party wielding it in
the possession of the Government. This is
the eia of the pretorian guards over again.
The Army is the Government. The people
ore the governed.
The special pretenses of intended violence
and fraud were, 1 repeat, transparent shams.
There was nothing in them. Neither was there
anything in the general temper and conduct of
the people of New York in regard to their
elections, taking the worst that is alleged of
them, in any degree, to make military force
useful there, so as to justily the President's
employment of military force, or even to
excuse him in it. Ilisown friends in the Sen-
ate confessed judgment on this point. Else why
did they refuse, day after day, to allow me evon
to get before the Senate for consideration my
resolution, introduced December 9, 1870, at
the next session of Congress after the New
York proceedings, asking for information
as to the employment of the Army and Navy
at elections, and the reasons, if any, therefor.
It was a simple resolution for information,
which is a matter of course. It, was introduced
in the first week of the session, before there
could be any excuse of a crowd of work in the
departments. It was directed in respectful
teims to the President himself. In express
words it left him at liberty to transmit to the
Senate such information only as he should deem
" not incompatible with the public interests."
Yet his friends in the Senate so managed as to
prevent the resolution from being even taken up
for consideration. They could not afford to let
General Grant tell his own story to the country
of his employment of military force at the elec-
tions. How very bad a case he must have
had every man can readily judge.
The truth is, General Grant had no case
whatever. _ I say again I waive the clear
unconstitutionality. Apart from that, his
military and naval operations at New York
were utterly inexcusable. They were without
conceivable motives, good or bad, except to
accomplish a partisan result at the election.
Even for that they would not have been ven-
tured on but for the readiness to employ mili-
tary force in civil affairs it) time of peace,
which distinguishes so unenviably General
Grant's administration from all others in
American history. That disposition is but
the fruit of the military influence so predomi-
nant at Washington, which, if it has any gen-
eral purpose, has the evil purpose of accus-
toming the people to the military power and
the military element as a habitual feature in
the administration of the Government. This
system first and most thoroughly made itself
felt at the South, where it intruded itself into
all the operations of civil government, State
and Federal. The abuse was there con-
demned by General Sherman and General
Halleck in their official reports laid before the
last Congress. Though it commenced at the
South it did not long confine itself to the
South. It soon invaded the North, where its
first demonstrations in the same line since the
war were a'- the elections at Philadelphia and
New York m 1870
Whatever the motive of the President's mili-
tary operations in New York, they do not prove
that the American people ate unfit to hold
elections, or incapable of self-government.
They pi ove simply this, and fully this: that the
President and his administration are inca-
pable of governing the American people except
by brute force, and are therefore unlit to gov-
ern them at all in tunes of peace
it is perhaps needless to speak of what might
have happened that day, from the presence of
the elements of havoc and destruction which
the Presidentand his advisers had deliberately
collected in the heart of New York Yet we
cannot wholly put away the thought of the
horrors that peaceful city might have seen
from the act of some wretch beside himself
with drink, or still more, from a collision
brought on by some of the many worthless
men suddenly made into United States mar-
shal's deputies, and commissioner's bailiffs,
with the regular authorities and police of the
city, who all that day so fully demonstrated
their periect ability and will to- insure order
and security for all. That November morn-
ing broke bright and cheerful, for the year
stid lingered in the glow of the Indian sum
tner. The people of New York weie astir
betimes, and went about their daily callings—
her working men and women to their toil;
her men of business to their counting-rooms
and offices; thousands took their way to the
polls to vote. The wonted currents of the great
city's active life flowed through her busy streets.
Little did those multitudes, intent only on
thoughts of peace, dream of the thunder-cloud
ready to burst, at the word of some rash or
vicious man armed with a brief authority, upon
themselves and their city.
How needless, and therefore how inexcus-
able, were the military operations of the men
in power at Washington was made still plainer,
if possible, by the election day itself. Never
was an election more peaceful, never one
more clear of offense eveu to the unsuccessful
party. Though the new-made deputies and
bailiffs swarmed literally by thousands about
the polls full of party zeal and suspicions,
they found nothing to do beyond a few cases
of illegal voting by the wretched waif's of New
York. The great city was as quiet as though
there was no election. In fact she was mo.e
quiet. Said one of the journals of the day,
"It was almost like Sunday."
I know it is the fashion to confound New
York with the bad men who from timetotime,
and lately most of all, have usurped her city
government, and to revile her for their iniqui-
ties. But on that November eleciion day in
1870she nobly vindicated herself. Sheshowed
that her own peace and order, the freedom of
popular elections, the maintenance of the laws,
might well be left, to her own keeping and to
the keeping of the State authoiities, whose
known resolve to uphold, if need be, by the
whole police and civil power of the Sta e and
the State Na'ional Guard the common Ameri-
can right of local self-government, is entitled
to the gratitude of all who have any proper
comprehension of that right.
Everybody who knew or cared to know any-
thing of the matter, knew just as well before
the election as afterward that those great
interests might safely be so lrft.
It is quite needless for me to say to any
person of ordinary information that General
Grant's proceedings were absolutely without
example in the history of this Government.
Until his operations in New York no man
in his senses dreamed of such a thing as the
Federal Government, taking armed occupation
of a city at an election in a time of perfect
peace and order. No map. ever dreamed of
it as a thing to be done even by a State gov-
ernment. No limited monarchy in Europe
would have ventured upon such an outrage
against iis people and the freedom of their
elections. No decent absolute Government
in Europe would have attempted it.
Louis Napoleon made himself emperor of
his people and set up his empire on the ruins
of the republic. Yet at the general election
held upon his last ph biscite he had the grace to
keep his soldiers awdy fiom the polls ttnongh-
out France and shut up within their barracks,
where they had polling places for tbemst-hes.
In the same year, a tew months aftervvaid,
G- neral Grant, held military occupation of New
l'ork city on eleciion day, with his soldiers
ready to take possession of the polls, " liter-
ally at a moment's notice," in the imperious
words of the order of the day." Yet I doubt
not we might find thousands and thousands of
Radicals throughout the country, of more than
average intelligence, some of them in this Sen-
ate, who would denounce Louis Napoleon as a
usurper and a despot, while in the same breath
they would laud General Grant as the patriotic
President of the freest people on the globe.
England is another country of Europe in
whose political institutions we still see much
to be justly condemned. We look upon the
masses of tier people as the victims of a polit-
ical and social system which oppresses them
and denies them most of tho~e lights which
we account the common heritage of man. Yet
even in England, since long before our revo-
lutionary war, there has not been a day when
an aitempt to affect an election by military
force, oi anything that looked like such an
attempt, could have been made without seri-
ous consequences to those engaged in it. For
at least a hundred and fifty years it, has been
the law in England, by statute, that no troops
should be within a certain distance—formerly
two miles, more recently three miles—from
any city or town on election day, under heavy
penalties.
I cannot forbear bringing to the notice of
the Senate a very r-cent, and most significant
instance of the jealous severity with which this
most wholesome law is enforced in England.
It was in 1861. At an election in that year
no less a person than Lord Palmerston was a
candidate for a seat in th - House of Commons.
There was no other candidate. His election
was a matter of course.
By inadvertence probably, doubtless without
any reference whatever to the election, a vol-
unteer corps which he had aided to raise in
his own neighboihood paraded in the town
on the day of election. At once there went
up a clamor of indignant remonstrance.
Attention was called to the matter in the
press and in Pailianient. Observe, sir, Lord
Palmerston was the first, subject in the British
i empire at that time. The prime minister for
