1634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
depends in great part upon the ability, the in-
telligence, and" the fidelity of these officers ;
that his duty is chiefly that of a supervisor, to
overlook and see that what they have done
they have done correctly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question, merely in the interest of doing jus-
tice, now that we are to do it?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask whether the
Assistant Secretary of the Interior is provided
for in the amendment. I understand he is
not; neither are the Assistant Secretaries of
State, who are in every respect—I am not
speaking of the persons, but the importance
of the office—just as important, just as re-
sponsible, as those named by the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. I thoughtit comprehended
all Assistant Secretaries. If it does not, it
ought to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not by any means.
It says "the Assistant Secretaries, aud also of
the Second Comptroller, the Register, the
Auditor, the Commissioner of Customs, and
the supervising architect of the Treasury
Department." It only provides for the As-
sistant Secretaries of the Treasury Depart-
ment and the Assistant Postmaster General;
it leaves out all the other Assistant Secretaries.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not the intention,
I am sure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know what is
the intention; I am speaking of the amend-
ment as proposed.
Mr. MORTON. What I have to say I shall
address to the general proposition. Take for
example the Third Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral, who has charge of the financial depart-
ment of the Post Office Department. That
requires administrative and financial ability
of the highest order, and I insist that men
who have the ability to perform the duties of
these several offices cannot afford to give their
time for the salary that is paid. We go upon
the principle of paying men for their services
according to their abilities and according to
the responsibilities they assume and the im-
portance of the duties they discharge, and if
that principle is the correct principle, the sala-
ries of these officers ought to be raised.
I know that a majority of the Senate has
been of that opinion for years; for this is not
a new proposition. It has passed this body
several times, but somehow or other it has
always failed to become a law, and I now make
the appeal out of simple justice to a body of
officers possessing abilities of a high order,
rendering services of the most important
kind, and assuming responsibilities of the
very gravest character, involving millions and
millions of dollars. I make au appeal for
justice that their salaries oaglit to be raised
to something like day-living rates.
We know that the grade of the office carries
with it certain expenses, inevitably carries
with it a certain mode of living. That we ail
understand by looking abroad simply upon the
• officers of the Government in this city and
elsewhere. Now, taking our own experience
as Senators upon this floor, I ask you if these
men with their families can live, or more than
live, without being able even to lay up $100
from one year to the other, upon the salaries
they now receive? And is that justice? Should
not such a salary be paid as will enable a man
to lay up a little from year to year for the
future ; aud if he cannot do that, I ask if you
have a right to require liis time and his ser-
vices? Justice is justice. Let us do equity.
You can get cheap men, yon can get men for
$1,000 a year who will undertake to perform
almost any kind of duty, but they are not the
kind of men that you want.
I am told that the heads of Departments,
the Secretaries and the Postmaster General,
have recommended this increase from time to,
time. The Postmaster General or a Secretary
gets now more,than twice the salary that these
subordinate officers get; and yet how import-
ant and responsible are their duties; how
almost completely does his success depend
upon the ability and the fidelity of these men.
As I am in favor of doing justice to these
men, I am opposed to defeating this proposi-
tion by loading it down with other officers who
should not be included, and I submit to the
Senator from Illinois who has made this mo-
tion that the office of superintending surgeon
of the marine hospitals is not one that ought
to be included, from its dignity, from its re-
sponsibility, or from the labor employed in
the discharge of its duties. As I said yester-
day, if that officer be included, there are per-
haps three hundred clerks in the Departments
here that ought to be included, because their
labors are greater and their responsibilities are
greater, and we cannot go around and increase
his salary and not increase that of the others.
In increasing salaries we have to go by grades.
Now we are speaking of the Assistant Sec-
retaries and heads of bureaus, and the pro-
posal is to do justice to them. Let ua-do that
now, and let us not load the proposition down
with others that will have the effect to defeat
it either in this body or iu the other. There-
fore, I shall vote against the amendment offered
by the Senator from Illinois, and shall support
that offered by the Senator from Ohio. At the
same time, if that is not broad enough to in-
clude the Assistant Secretary of the Interior
and the Assistant Secretaries of State, I hope
it will be so amended as to cover them. I
know something about the duties and respon-
sibilities of the Assistant Secretary of the Inte-
rior and the First Assistant Secretary of State,
and I know from the important duties devolved
upon them that they should have better sal-
aries than they have, and that a man who has
the ability, the talents, and the experience to
perform those responsible duties cannot afford
to do it for the money they now get, because
he can get higher compensation in other de-
partments of business or of life. Therefore
1 will vote against the proposition offered by
the Senator from Illinois, and in favor of
the original amendment when it is properly
amended.
Mr. W1NDOM. I have voted against this
increase of salaries, not because I think the
present salaries of these officers are large
enough, but because I do not think this is the
proper time or the proper manner to increase
them. The Senator from Indiana appeals to
us to do justice. The Committee on Appro-
priations have had a great many appeals of
that kind. They have, however, agreed, I
believe unanimously, that they will not on the
general appropriation bills recommend any
increase of salary. There were many very
meritorious cases presented. 1 voted with the
committee not to increase those salaries,, be-
cause 1 do not think that by picking out one
here and another there, and increasing them
in that way we can do justice to the great body
of officeholders in this country. 1 think the
salaries of all should be reexamined, and that
there should be an increase in many of
them. I am willing to vote for such an in-
crease in a proper bill ; but I am not willing
that a dozen or more shall be selected and put
on an appropriation bill to the exclusion of
others.
However, I will say that I have given this
vote with a great deal of reluctance. I know
a great many of these parties; I know that
their salaries are not large enough ; and if in
the wisdom of the Senate it shall be deemed
the proper way to do justice, to single out men
whose salaries are not large enough and to
increase them without reference to the whole
body, I shall be prepared upon the Committee
on Appropriations to recommend the increase
of individual salaries; but until the Senate so
decides I shall adhere to the rule adopted by
the Committee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is on
the amendment to the amendment, as modified
by the mover, the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.,]
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I We voted
against these amendments and shall continue
to do so, because I think we were recommended
by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] not
to place this increase of salaries in this bill,
but he told us he had a bill prepared which he
intended to present to the Senate regulating
the salaries of these offices.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend had been
here yesterday he would have~known that
while that was true, I said that for three years
this particular amendment as to the heads of
bureaus had been put upon the appropriation
bill by the Senate ; and when the salary bill
was considered in the Committee on Finance,
to which it was referred, we reported back the
bill with an amendment covering the officers
provided for by this proposition, and the Com-
mittee on Finance then left it to my discretion
whether to call up the bill or to offer it as an
amendment to this appropriation bill. I have
had no opportunity to call up the bill, because
there has been no time when it could have
been .taken up; and I do not think if a sepa-
rate bill was passed and sent to the House of
Representatives there is any probability that
it could be taken up and brought before the
House.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think much
the best way'of increasing these salaries is
by a separate bill, and therefore I shall vote
against these amendments. If, however, the
main amendment carries, there are a number
of offices that I shall feel it my duty to pro-
pose to add; but I think the argument which
the Senator from Ohio presents against a bill
not passing the House for that specific pur-
pose will be equally applicable to this amend-
ment, that it will probably be rejected by the
House.
Mr. BOREMAN. We have the same recom-
mendation for extending this amendment to
subordinate officers that we have for those
now included in it. 1 find that the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury refers to the
officers mentioned in the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, and also includes a great
many others, and urges the increase of their
salaries on the same ground. I will read a
paragraph or two from his report:
*' It is not an exaggeration to say that the head of
a division in charge of the loans, of the warrants, or
of the sub-Treasury accounts, occupies a position in
which the country and the world are more concerned
than in thatof the collectorof customsatNow York;
yet the latter officer receives more than fifty thou-
sand dollars a year, while it is with difficulty that
the former is able to secure tho inadequate sum of
§2,800.
"The same remark might with truth be made of
several bureau officers and of persons in tho office
of the Treasurer of the United States.
"In this connection, I also recommend an increase
of the salary of the supervising surgeon of the
marine hospitals."
He includes all these subordinate officers in
the same recommendation, and I think it would
be doing injustice to the gentlemen last named
if we increase the salaries of the others and
do not include them. If any salaries are to
be increased at all, they are the men who do
the work as well as those who are over them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] to the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Carpenter, Cooper, Corbctt,
Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
I'lanagan, Hamlin, Hill, Kellogg, Logan, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Bice, Sawyer, Sumner, Trumbull, West,
and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
G-oldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Morton, Scott,
Sherman, Thurman, and Vickers—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames. Anthony, Bay-
ard, Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Conkhng,
Cragin, Davis ofKontucky, Davis of West Virginia,
