3426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
ator from South Carolina, and on that I desire
to say a word or two in reply to what was said
by the Senator from Vermont.
I am sure the Senator from Vermont left
the impression upon the minds of Senators
that in Georgia the means appropriated by the
Government of the United States for educa-
tion were not applied to the education of col-
ored children, or rather that colored children
were denied the benefit of the appropriations
made by Congress. 1 think no other inference
could have been drawn from hia remarks than
that such was the case. The letter which he
read does not sustain that inference. It ap-
pears from the communications which the Sen-
ator read that in the State of Georgia the fund
is not yet available, and this application of
some persons to know if colored students
could be sent to the agricultural department
of the university in Georgia is answered by
informing the applicant that the agricultural
department of the University of Georgia has
not yet been put into such operation as to avail
itself of any portion of the fund appropriated
by the Government of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I interrupt my
friend ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Illinois,
without meaning it, evidently takes the same
view which the gentleman did who wrote Chat
letter—that the State could take the money
and avoid the application of it until it actually
received the benelit; it might sell its lands
on twenty years' credit if it pleased ; but the
original act of Congress provides, and they
stand on the same principle precisely, only
this runs until July, 1872, that "any State
which may take or claim the benefits of the
provisions of this act," as Georgia has, "shall
provide, within five years at least, not less than
one college, as described in the fourth suction
of this act, or the grant to such State shall
cease." Now, then, this provision of an
agricultural college, as provided in the fourth
section, is one where the students shall be
taught. The law says it shall be maintained
as an operative and existing institution which
is to give education. Now, the State has set
up this college and has to carry it on, as it is
said, with its own means until it realizes from
this fund, and in the mean time colored chil-
dren shall not come in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Stale of Georgia
may have violated the act of Congtess. I am
not going into that question at all. Tlte State
of Georgia has not yet availed itself of this
fund. The language is—
" No income is receivable from the proceeds of the
sale of the land scrip under a year, and then there
wilt be available the interest of only a fractional
part." * * * * " Hence, you porceivc
in this preparatory organization we are not usinj?
funds appropriated by the United States Govern-
ment, and tncrciore the question you propose does
not properly arise at the present time.
Then all that they have done in Georgia
thus far is not to deny to colored persons the
benelit of the act of Congress, because lip to
the time this letter was wiitten, and according
to the evidence the Senator from Vermont
himself furnishes, it appears they are not using
any portion of this fund for the purpose of
educating either whites or blacks. Whether
they ought to have used it or not, is a ques-
tion I do not propose to go into, in point of
fact they are not using it, and the Senator's
own testimony shows that.
So much for the attempt to create the im-
pression that there was a distinction made
between whites and blacks in the State of
Georgia in the education provided under any
appropriation made by Congress. Up to this
date no such distinction has been made, and
they have got no means for educating any body,
and the statement of the president of the uni-
versity shows that.
Mr. FEELINGHUYSEN. X wish to ask
the Senator from Illinois whether he thinks
such a distinction ought not to be made ?
Mr. TRUMBULL, I think all persons should
have the benefit of our appropriation, and I
think, too, in regard to money raised for schools
by taxation, colored people should have it as
well as white people. I have always thought so.
I entertain no different view about that. But I
do not believe in legislation forcing-them into
the same schools, or in our undertaking to
control how they shall go to school by act of
Congress. I believe myself that you should
not tax the colored people for schools to edu-
cate white persons exclusively. I have no such
idea as that.'
Now, I desire to correct another misappre-
hension of the Senator from Vermont. He
speaks of my having said that the right to go
to school was not a civil right. Well, 1 did
say so. What is meant by a civil right? A
civil right is the right appertaining to a citizen
as such, belonging to the citizen, that goes
with him everywhere, that he has a right to
exercise as a citizen. That right is not a right
to go to school. For instance, the Senator
from Vermont has 110 right to go to one of
the District schools here. I have uo right to
go to a District school. That does not belong
to me as a citizen. But these are rights that
are created by legislation in the various locali-
ties and States, if you please, just like the right
to sit upon a jury. That is not a civil right,
and it is a misnomer to call these civil rights,
because civil rights are the rights which apper-
tain to the individual as a citizen, and which
he has wherever he goes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, what is
the pending question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on the amendment to the amend-
ment, to strike out all that relates to schools
and cemeteries.
Mr. SUMNEIi. But I have withdrawn the
amendment, I beg the Chair to notice.
The PRESIDING OFFICliR. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina renewed it in the
position in which it was before it was with-
drawn.
Mr. ROBERTSON. After a consultation
that I have had with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts I will withdraw the amendment and
permit the bill to pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina withdraws theamend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending
question now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thereis no
amendment pending.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment of which I gave notice yesterday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe 1 have the floor.
•I wish to speak on this bill for a minute.
Mr. MORION. 1 did not intend to inter-
rupt the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know that. This bill
is a bill to protect civil rights. There is
enough analogy between political and civil
rights to enable me to go into a little argu-
ment upon that subject, but I do not intend to
take up the time for that purpose. I only
wish to show that my friend from Illinois is a
little wide of the mark in the defense which
he has made for these Georgia people. Now,
I repeat to him and to the Senate in all sin-
cerity that the act of Congress 
Mr. ROBERTSON. I rise to a point of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from South Carolina rises to a point of
order, which he will state.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The amendment is
withdrawn, and debate is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is speaking to the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking to the
bill, and shall not be loug, I assure my friend
from South Carolina.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the bill open to de-
bate 1 I have no objection to the Senator pro-
ceeding ; but as we are acting under a special
rule, let me inquire whether the bill is open to
debate? I thought only amendments were to
be debated for live minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is corrected. The bill is not open to debate.
There is no amendmontpending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have no objection to
the Senator from Vermont going on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. L do not want to go on
in that way. I will allow my friend from
Indiana to offer his amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to amend the first
section of the bill by adding after the amend-
ment originally proposed by tho Senator from
Texas [Mr. Hamilton] the words which the
Secretary will read.
The Chikf Ci.KitK. It is proposed to add at
the end of the proviso to the hrst section the
words "except those authorized to be ap-
pointed by the act to which this is an amend-
ment., in cities having twenty thousand inhab-
itants or more;" so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That no compensation shall be allowed
to the supervisors herein authorized to be appointed,
except those authorized to bo appointed hy tho act
to which this is an amendment, in citics having
twenty thousand inhabitants or more.
Mr. MORTON. I will merely explain how
this amendment becomes necessary. When
the Senator from Texas offered his amend-
ment, which was accepted, it was understood
that it did not affect the compensation au-
thorized by the original bill to those supervisors
appointed in cities having twenty thousand
inhabitants or more, but on examination of the
amendment it was found that in effect it repealed
the second section of the original bill, so that
all supervisors, even those in tho cities, will be
appointed under the provisions of this bill,
this bill taking the place of the other. There-
fore, to save the compensation of those super-
visors to be appointed in cities, it is necessary
to adopt this amendment. Jt is simply to
carry out the will of the Senate as before
expressed by a vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am in favor of this
amendment of the Senator from Indiana for
the following reasons: I wish to say to the
Senator from Illinois, as I was about to say
awhile ago, that the act of Congress provides
that any State which takes this fund that we
give shall provide within live years an agricul-
tural college in which there shall' be taught,
not excluding other scientific and classical
studies, but including military tactics, such
branches of learning as are related to agricul-
ture and the mechanic arts. Therefore, the
State of Georgia was bound by this law to
provide a college in which teaching of that
kind should go on within the live years. We
authorized her to sell her lands on a hundred
years' credit if she pleased; but within five
years from the time her right accrued, she was
bound to provide a college which should be
open to those who applied for admission, ami
in which should be taught those branches of
education so necessary to the people. There-
fore, it is no answer to say that she has not
received any income yet from the fund we
gave her. She took the fund. She disposed
of it according to her own will. She was
awax'e of her obligation to teach these branches
within the five years, and therefore under the
authority of her Legislature, the Governor has
designated this State university as the one in
which these branches should be taught; other-
wise, her right to the grant would be forfeited.
In order to save that forfeiture, she took up
an existing university instead of founding a
new one, which could not go into operation in
season to save the grant. 1 take it it is her
duty, or it will be on the 1st of July, when the
time comes, to provide instruction in the me-
chanic arts and in agriculture. Now, then,
when colored people apply she says no, she
has not got anything yet from the funds of the
United States.
