2530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
the complaint by a certain day therein named, not
pver ten days from the date of the summons; but
in case of an aetion against a non-resident, the de-
fendant may, if he so clccts. appear forthwith; and
parties having matter in controversy, the subject
whereof is within the jurisdiction of the court, may
refer the controversy to the court for settlement.
In an action for money or damages, the summons
shall state the amount claimed; and in an action
for the recovery of personal property, the property
claimed shall be described with reasonable certainty.
Sec. 11. That parties may appear in person or by
attorney, and upon the appearance of thedefendant,
he shall answer the plaintiff's complaint within the
time prescribed by the rules of the court, and the
parties may plead as in other eases. The docket
shall show the substance of the pleadings, and no
particular form of pleadings shall be required, but
they shall substantially state the cause of action and
grounds of defense, in actions arising out of con-
tract, if the complainant or his agent or attorney
shall have fiiod, at the time of bringing his action,
an affidavit setting out distinctly his causo of action
$nd the sum he claims to be due, exclusive of all set-
offs and just grounds of defense, and a copy thereof
has been served with the summons, he shall be en-
titled to judgment for the amount so claimed with
interest and costs, unless the defendant or attorney
shali^ file with his answer an affidavit of detense
denying the right of the complainant to the whole
or some specified part ot his claim, and stating also
in precise and distinct terms the grounds of his de-
fense; and where the defendant shall have acknowl-
edged in his iilfulavit of defense his liability for a
part of the complainant's claim, the claimant may,
if he so elect, have judgment entered in his favor
for the amount so confessed to be due.
Sue. 12. That when issue is joined as above, the
court shall proceed in a summary way to heai and
determine the case according to law in all cases
where the amount in controversy docs not execed
twenty dollars, and where it does, each party shall
be held to have waived his trial by jury, unless at
the timo of filing his complaint, answer, or reply, as
the case may be, he shall havo demanded such
trial.
Sec.L'5. That when such demand is made, the judge
shall, nevertheless, proceed to hear and determine
the case.and il after judgment isiondeiod theparty
reserving his right to such trial is dissatisfied with
such judgment ho may, after ton days,appeal to the
supreme court of tho District of Columbia, to tho
ncxtchcuit term thereof, wherein tho causo shall
bo tried before a jury.as if thosame had originated
there.
Sku. It. That if it appear in any action instituted
betoro the municipal court at any time preceding
trial, by tho pleadings, or if it appear from tho evi-
dence of either party on the trial, that tho title to
landii is in question, which title i>, disputed by the
other party, the judge shall immcdiafely niako an
entry thereof upou tho docket, and all Junher pro-
ceedings theiom shall coaso, and he shall curtiiy and
return to th* supreme court of the District o"f Co-
lumbia a transcript of all the entries made in his
docket relating to the ease, together with all the
pro coses and other paper* relating to the notion, in
the same miinner and wilhm the same timo as upon
anappeui; and tlieieupon tho Mipremo court shall
piooeed in ilm cause to final judgment and exe-
cution in the same manner a< m an action originally
begun therein, and 1 lie costs shall abide tho event
oi IliOMiit: Frovidrti, hotvcjvv, That if Mich trans-
fer ot tho causo be made upon tho aiiMvei of tho
defendant, he hha.il file an undertaking, wilh sufli-
uieut surety, to be approved bv the court, to tho
eftect that lie will pay all costs oi' tho action if it bo
doculedjigainst lum in tho Mipieino court.
Skc. 13. 'Ihat execution with a clause of attach-
ment may ijsSuu upon judgment forthwith, and shall
bo aguinst the goods, chattels, lights, and credits
of the doieudant not exempted by law, and shall
operate as an attiehmcnt of tho sane m tho hands
of any person having them upon whom it may bo
served. Executions shall bo returnable within
thirty days iiiler they ate issued.
&i£C. ll>. Xhatwhere a judgment has been rendered
in the court i'or a sum exceeding twenty dollars, tho
court may, upon the demand of the party in whoso
favor )t was rendered, give a transcript thereof,
which may be filed and docketed m the office of tho
clerk ot tho supreme court ot the District of Colum-
bia^ The time of the receipt themof shall bo noted
by the cleik and entered on the docket,, and from
that time the judgment shall be a juaguiout of the
supreme coin tot the District of Columbia.
Sue. 17. Tuat the rules and practice of the supreme
court ot the Disiiict ot Columbia shall govern tho
conduct of ease in the municipal court when appli-
eaulo and not inconsistent with this act or the rules
Piescribed in pursuance tberooi.
bEC. lb. 'Ihat the pioacc-ut-ion of criminal cases
beioie the municipal com t .-hall be by the attorney
of the United Stales, for tho DUliict of Columbia,
by information on complaint, under oath, without
the intervention of a jury; but any defendant,
aggrieved by the judgment ot the court may appeal
to tlie criminal coiutot the District of Columbia, if
the s'\me be in session, or to tho next term thereof,
if it bo not then in session, which court shall tnen
have jurisdiction oi tho case, and try the same upon
the infoimatioii to be certified from the municipal
court before ajuryin the same manner and with the
same right to aieview of tho proceedings by en or
to the general term ot the supreme court us if the
ease had originated in the criminal court; and noth-
ing in this act shall be construed to exclude the
criminal court from full cognizance and juiUdiction
of such cases when so brought before it. Whenever
any person appeals from a judgment of the municipal
court in a criminal case, he shall enter into bond,
with security to be approved by the court, to appear
at the criminal court at the term then in session, or
at the next term, if there be no term then in session,
and abide by the decision of the court. In default
of such bond he shall be committed to jail to await
the action of the court.
Sec. 19. That the supreme court of the District of
Columbia shall establish a fee-bill for the municipal
court, making the fees moderate, so that the court
shall be accessible to suitors, and mav require non-
residents or others to make deposit sufficient to cover
the probable costs of an action.
Sec. 20. That all costs received by the clerk shall
be paid by him to the treasurer of the District of
Columbia, for the use of the District; theclerk shall
make his returns on tho first day of each quarter of
the fiscal year of the District, and the proper ac-
counting officers of the District arc required to audit
his accounts; that the marshal shall collect all costs,
fines, and penalties imposed by the court, and after
deducting his fees for service of process and contin-
gent expenses, to be approved by one of the judges
of the court, the balance shall bo paid by him to the
tieasurer ot the District of Columbia Quarterly for
the use of tho District, and the proper accounting
officeis of said District are required to audit his
accounts.
Sec. 21. That the court created by this act shall
meet on the first Monday of the month succeeding
the passage thereof, at which date the police court
of the District of Columbia shall be abolished, and
the power of justices of the peace to hear and
determine civil eases shall cease, and the office of
constable in tho District of Columbia shall be
abolished. The records of the police court and of
the justices of the peace, and all papers thereto
belonging or relating, and all processes in the hands
of constables, shall be delivered to the municipal
Court within ten days after the meeting thereof, by
the parties having the same in custody, under a
penalty of $100 for each month's detention thereof,
to be enforced in the criminal court of the District
of Columbin ; and all cases then pending before
justices of the peace, or in the police court, may be
entertained by the municipal court as if originating
therein.
^kc. 22. That the President of tho United States,
by and with the advice and consent of tho Senate,
shall appoint for tho term of four years four resi-
dents of the District of Columbia, at a salary of $600
per annum, payable quarterly, who, together with
the chief justice of tho supreme court of the Dis-
trict, tho attorney of the United States for the Dis-
trict, and the secretary of the District ex officio,
shall compose the Board of Metropolitan Polioo oi
tho District. Tho said chief justice shall be the
president of the board. In his absence a president
pro tenwore may bo elected by the boaid. A majority
of the members shall constitute a quorum to transact
business. Beloro entering upon their duties, the
commissioners shall take and subscribe an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States, and
to perform the duties of their otlioc with fidelity.
Tho board shall have power to appoint the super-
intendent and all other officers of the force, and to
remove any of tho samo for cause.
Sue. ^3. That the act to establish tho policc court
for the District ot Columbia, and for other purposes,
appiovcd Juno 17. 1870, is hereby repealed; and that
nil acts of Congress, or of the Legislative Assembly
of the District of Columbia, or of the Legislative
Assenibl\ of Maryland, and all British statutes in
force in tho Distiict of Columbia, so far as the same
are inconsistent with this act, are hereby repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out sec-
tion twenty-two. This section twenty-two
creates a Board of Metropolitan Police, the
whole expense of which is to fall upon the
United States. Several officers, among the
test the chief justice of the District of Co-
lumbia, are appointed as members of the
Metropolitan Police Board. I do not think we
have anything to do with the police of this
District. It strikes me the police of this Dis-
trict ought to be under the Governor of the
District and the legislative authority of the
District.
Mr. CARPENTER. There are on the first
and second pages of this bill at least four un-
constitutional provisions. It provides—
That said court shall consist of three judges, to
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
That is well enough. Then—
The clerk shall be appointed by the court, and
shall have the appointment of his assistants. The
bailiffs shall be appointed by the United States
marshal for the District of Columbia.
The United States marshal is neither the
President nor a court of law nor a head of a
Department, and these are the only three
fountains from which an appointment can pro-
ceed under the Constitution, or to which we can
delegate the power.
S"ctioi> three provides that the salary of the
judges shall be §13,000 each per annum, &c.
Section four declares " that the judges shall be
selected from the members of the bar of the
District of Columbia, and shall hold office for
the term of six years." There is a sentence of
three lines with two unconstitutional provis-
ions. In the first place, the judges of this court
must hold their office during good behavior,
and they need not be either citizens of the Dis-
trict of Columbia or members of the bar, and
we have no power whatever to restrict the
President to this District in making appoint-
ments to any public office under any act of
Congress. 1 have only looked at these two
sections, and finding tour or five unconstitu-
tional provisions there, I have got discouraged
about the bill and shall vote against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator fiom Ohio, to strike
out the twenty second section of the amend-
ment, in the following words:
Sec. 22. That the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
shall appoint tor the term of four years four resi-
dents of the District of Columbia, at a salary of
$600 per annum, payable quarterly, who, together
with the attorney of the United States lor the Dis-
trict, chief justice of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict, and the secretary of the District ex officio, Miall
compose the Board of Metropolitan Police of the Dis-
trict. The said chief justice shall be the president of
theboard. In liisabsenceapresidentprotoi/poremay
be elected hy the board. A majority of the mem-
bers shall constitute a quorum to transact bu-iuegs.
Before entering upon their duties the commission-
ers ih.t.l 1 take and subscribe an oath to support the
Constitution ot the United States and to perform the
duties of their oflico with lidelity. The board shall
have power to appoint the superintendent and all
other officers of the force, and to remove any of the
same for cause.
The amendment to the amendment wa.s
agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. To obviate one of the ob-
jections made by the Senator from Wisconsin,
1 move to strike out in section four, after the
word "from," in the first line, to the word
"and," in the second line, the words "mem-
bers of the bar of the District of Columbia;"
so that we shall not attempt, to limit, the Presi-
dent in his action, as we have no right to do.
We might as well undertake to say that he
shall appoint a judicial officer from a certain
county, or a cerlam town, or a certain district.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection what-
ever to that amendment; but if the criticism
of the Senator from Wisconsin is correct, the
amendment should be extended to strikeout
the provision which limits the term of office.
I would suggest an amendment to the amend-
ment by saying " during good behavior," in-
stead of " for the term of six years ;" so that
the sentence would read :
That the judges shall hold office during good be
havior, and one of them shall be designated in his
commission as tho presiding judge.
lhe PRESIDING OFFICER, Does the
Senator from Maine accept the amendment
suggested by the Senator from South Caro-
lina? 'Ihe whole proposition is an amend-
ment, and therefore is not amendable beyond
the second degree.
Mr. SAWYER. I thought that placed this
substitute in the position of au original bill
for puiposes of convenience.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
was not aware of that.
Mr. SUMNER. I inquire of the Senator in
charge ot this bill whether he accepts tue in-
terpretation put by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin on that, provision, and regards it, as uncon-
stitutional? By the laws of Congress there is
a limitation upon appointments to various
offices. For instance, postmasters must, reside
m the town for which they are appointed.
Mr. CARPENIER. I think the Senator is
mistaken about that.
Mr. SUMNER. No. There may not be a
general provision, but there is a piovision I
know applicable to certain towns.
_ Mr. CARPEN TER. There may he a pro-
vision of law that, after the man is appointed,
he shall reside m the town where the office is,
but there is no provision of law, 1 think, that
