4322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. POLAND. I do not expect to gain
anything. JU'there is anything to be gained
in this matter, I suppose it is to be gaiued by
gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. ELDREDGE. If we should consent
to vote on the amendment first, would the bill
then be considered as before the House so
that it could be passed without a two-thirds
vote ?
• The SPEAKER. The Chair would so rule.
Mr. ELDREDGE. We have no objection
to having the amendment voted upon and
made a part of the bill if the bill shall then
occupy the same position it now does.
Several Members. Oh, 110.
Mr. POLAND. I take it that nothing is
to be gained by voting on the amendment first.
The SPEAKER. Nothing at all.
■ Mr. POLAND. Therefore I call for a vote
on my motion to suspend rules and pass the
bill with the amendment I have offered.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Am I right in
understanding that the amendment applies to
all the provisions of the bill, so that for any
violation of its provisions the penalty shall not
exceed $1,000, and there shall be no min-
imum?
Mr. POLAND. The gentleman understands
it correctly.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order.
The- SPEAKER. Tha question is nil the
suspension of the rules to pass the bill with
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Vermont.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 73, not voting
81; as follows:
VISAS—Messrs. Amos. Banks, Barber, licatty,
JScvoi'iitfte, Austin Blair, Buckley,Butlinton, liureh-
firti, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Coburu, Consor, Cotton, Crocker, iMrrall, Dawes,
Donnan, Dnetl, JDumiell, Karnes, Farnsworth, Fink-
elnburg. Charles Foster, Garfield. thinner, Ueoigo
IS.Harris. Havens. llawloy. John W. Ilazelton. Hill,
lloiu\ U o|>er, Houghton, Kollogg, Ketclinm, Lam-
port, Lowo. McOrary. McGre.w, Me.)unkin, Mereur,
Morriam, Mouroe, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Orr,
.Packard, Paokur, Palmer, Pendleton, Perec. Aaron
V, I'orry, IMors, Poland, I'rindle, Rauioy, Ellis U.
Roberta, Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon,
Hhollabargor. H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith.
Thomas J .Spoor, Spr.iguo, i>t lu-kweathor, Steven-on,
Strong, Syjdiei, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Turner. TivieholI, Tynor, Wakemnn, Witldoii, Wiil-
dron, Walla, Whitelcy, Willard, Williams of Indi-
ana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John X. Wilson-~Hb.
NAVS—\1 e.-.:0';!. Acker, Adaim, Areiier, Arthur,
Beek. Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Brooks.
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Counngo, Connor,
Critehur, Crossland, Dox, l)u Boso, buke, Kldiedgo,
Korkcr, Henry i). Foster, Garrett, Get/., Giddings,
(iolladay, lialdoiiinn, Ilitnibloton, Hancock, Hund-
ley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Hoietord, llib-
bard, lioluian, kendall, Kerr, Kins, Lauiisoti, Man-
son, Marshall, McClelland, McCoiniiek. Molfcniy,
Mefiityre, Merrick, Morgan, Nihlfick, i'riee, Ran-
dall, Head, Edward Y. iviee, ltitchio, William It.
Roberts, Sion H. Rogers, Sherwood, Shober, Slater.
Sloe urn, Stevens, Stoi in, Swanii, Terry, Tuthill, Van
Trump, Vaughan, Waddoll, Warren, Wolls, Wil-
liams of New York, and Wmohostor—7 .
NOT VOTINO—Messrs. Ambler, AvenII,}';ir11uin,
Barry, Bell, Bigby, Bingham, Boles, Bright, Bmdett,
Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan, Cox, Ciebs, Creely, Davis,
l>e Large, Dickey, Klliott, Mly, Fnrwell, Wilder 1).
Fostor, li'ryo, Goodrich, Urillilh, Hale, lialsey, IIay,
Hays, Gerry VV. Hazeltou, Herndon, Kolley, Ivil-
lifiger, Kinsella, Lansing, Loach. Lewis, Lynch,
Maynard, McKee, McKintioy. McNcely, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morey. Ncgley, ilosea
W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peek. 101 i Perry, Piatt,
Porter, Potter, John M. Ric«, Robinson, John Rog-
ers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Scotield, See ley, Shoe-
maker, SIoss, Wortlnngton (J. Smith, Snapp, Sny-
der, R. Milton S^jeer, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John,
Sutherland, Taffe. Dwight i'ownsend, (Jpson, Voor-
bees, Wallace, Wheeler, Whitthorne, Wood, aud
Young—81.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended, and the
bill was not passed.
During the vote,
Mr. 13. F. MEYERS stated that he was
paired with Mr. Seeley, ofNew York, who if
present would vote in the affirmative, while
he would vote in the negative.
Mr. NIBLACK stated that his colleague,
Mr. Vookhees, was paired with Mr. Stohghton ,
of Michigan, who would vote in the affirmative,
while his colleague would vote in .the nega-
tive.
Mr. McCLELLAND stated that his col-
league, Mr. Speer, was'paired with his other
colleague, Mr. Kii.i.inger., and while the latter
would vote in the affirmative, the former would
vote in the negative.
Mr. MARS HALL stated that his colleague^
Mr. McNeely, was paired with Mr. McKee, of
Mississippi, and his other colleague, Mi'.Ceebs,
was paired with Mr. Dickey, and while Mr.
Dickey and Mr. McKee would vote in the
affirmative, his two colleagues would vote in
the negative.
Mr. ROGERS,.of New York, stated that he
was paired with Mr. Lynch, of Maine, who
would vote in the affirmative, while he would
vote in the negative.
Mr. STORM stated that his colleague, Mr.
Griffith, who was detained at home by sick-
ness, was paired with his other colleague, Mr.
Sc'ofiki.i), who would vote in the'affirmative,
while Mr. Griffith would vote in the nega-
tive.
Mr. ADAMS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Rioe, was detained from the House by sick-
ness, aud if present would vote in the nega-
tive.
Mr. ELDREDGE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Mitchell, was paired with Mr. Kartell,
and while the latter would vote in the affirm-
ative, his colleague would vote in the nega-
tive.
Mr. NKGLBY stated that he was paired
with Mr. Wood, of Now York, who would vote
in the negative, while he would vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, stated that he
was paired with Mr. Harnum, who would vote
in the negative, while he would vote in the
allirinative.
Mr. J3H5ATTY stated l.liat his colleague,
Judge Amiii.hu., who was absent on account
of sickness, was paired with Mr. Komxkon,
of Illinois, who would vote in the negative,
while his colleague would vote in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. STEVENSON stated that Mr. Cox, of
New York, was still confined to his room by
severe illness.
Mr. PERCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
McKee, was paired with Mr. McNkely, of
Illinois, and that if present he would vote in
the iiifinimuve.
Mr. PECK stated that he wag paired with
Mr. Davis, of West, Virginia, who would vote
in the negative, while he would vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. IHJNNBLIj stated that his colleague,
Mr. Avkisii.l, was detained from the House
by sickness.
Mr. CONGER stated that his colleague,
General Stougiiton, who was necessarily ab-
sent, was paired with .Mr. VoomiKKS, aud that
if present he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. MONROE slated that his colleague,
Mr. ui'son', was paired with his oilier col-
league, Mr. McKinxby, who would vote in
the negative, while Mr. Upson would vote in
the affirmative.
Mr. MERR1AM stated that his colleague,
Mr. Wheeler, was paired with Mr. Le\oh.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, stated that he
was paired with his colleague, Mr. Sdtheu-
la.n'i).
Mr. TAFPE stated that he was paired with
Mr. Barxum.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Barry, who was absent on ac-
count of sickness, would, if present, vote in
the affirmative.
Mr. GIDD1NGS stated that his colleague,
Mr. Herxdon, was paired with Mr. Morey,
who would vote in the affirmative, while his
colleague would vote in the negative.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. I was paired with
Mr. Hays, of Alabama, for two days, but I
find that he is not present this morning, and as
a personal fiiend, I do not like to put him in a
false position, and I therefore withdraw my
vote.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. POLAND. I now modify my amend-
ment so as to provide that the penalty shall
not exceed $100 instead of $1,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. An amendment having
already been allowed to be offered to the bill,
the Chair does not consider that what is now
proposed by the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Poland] is a violation of order.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the bill be passed with an
amendment, fixing the maximum penalty at
$100 instead of $1,000, with no minimum.
If I may be permitted, I would state to the
House——
Mr. BROOKS. I object to debate, unless
I am permitted also to say something upon this
subject before the motion is voted on.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a
right to object to debate.
The question having been put. the Speaker
announced that on a viva voce division it ap-
peared to the Chair that two thirds had not
voted affirmatively.
Mr. POLAND demanded the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 27, noes 68.
So (more than one fifth having voted in the
affirmative) the yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 83, nays 73 ; not voting 84, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barber, Bcatty,
Bevei idtfe, Austm Blair, Buckley. Buffinton, Buieh-
i rd. Roderick R. Butler, Coburn, t.onser. Cotton,
Crocker, Durrall, Dawes. Donnmi, Duell, Dtimieli,
Eauies, Furnswortli, Finkelnbure, Charles Foster,
Uarfield, Banner. George E. liarrts, Havens, Haw-
ley, llay, John \V. llazolton. Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Houghton, Kellugg. Ketcham, Lamport, Lowo, Mo-
Crary, Mcdrew, McJuukin, Meicur, Merriam,
Monroe, Leonard Myers, Packard, Packer, Pal-
mer, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters,
Poland, Potter, Praidle, Ramey. Ellis H. Roberts,
Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shollabarger,
H. Boardmnn Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Spra-irne,
Starkweather. Stevenson, Strong, Sypher, Taft'e,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twiehell,
Tyner, Walden, Waldron, Walls, Whiteloy, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, JeromiahM. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson~-83.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, liiEfts, Bird, James <!. Blair. Braxton,
Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell,Carroll, Comingo. Con-
ner, Ci lU'lier, Crosslaud, Dox. Bu Bose, Lluke, Eld-
redge, Forker, Henry I). Foster, Garrett, Getz, (> n I -
dings, Oolladay, Huldeman, llamblcton, Hancock,
Hundley, Hanks, Harper, JohnT. Harris, Hereford,
llibbard, Holman, Kendall, Kerr, King, Laiulson,
Miinson, Marshall. McClelland, MeCormiek. Mc-
Henry, Mclntyre, Mcrriok. Morgan, Niblack, Price,
Randall, ltead, Kdward Y.Rice, Ritchie, Williem
R. lioberts, Sion H. Rogers, Sherwood, Shober,
Slater, Slocum, Stevens, Storm, Swann, Terry,
Tuthill, Van Trump, Vauglian, Waddell, Warren,
Wells, Williams of New York, and Winches-
ter—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Bar-
num, Barry, Bell, Bigby, Bingham, Boies, Bright,
Burdott, Benjamin F. Butler, Clarke. Cobb, Cogh-
lan, Cox, Crebs, Oreelv. Davis, Be Large, l)ickey,
Elliott, lily, tar well. Wilder I). Foster, i'rye, Good-
rich, Grifiith, Hale, Halsey, Hays, Gerry W. IJ.izel-
tou. Herndon, Kelley, Killmger, Kinsella, Lansing,
Leach, Lewis, Lyneh, Maynard, McKee, McKin-
ney, McNeely, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Moore, Morey, Morphia, Negloy. Orr, Hosea W.
Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Eli Perry. Piatt,
Porter, John M. Kic-e, Robinson, John Rogers,
lioosovelt, Rusk, Sargent, Scofield, Seeley, Shoe-
maker. Sloss, John A. Smith. Worth ington O. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Stoughtou, Sto-
well, St. John, Sutherland, Dwight Townscnd,
Upson, Voorhees, Wakeman, Wallace, Wheeler,
Whitthorne, Wood, aud Young—S4.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll the following an-
nouncements were made:
Mr. B. F. MEYERS. I am paired with
Mr. Seeley, of New York. If he was heie
he would vote " ay," and I would vote " no."
^Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan. I am paired
with my colleague, Mr. Sutherland. I would
vote "ay," aud he would vote " no.'
The SPEAKER.
The Chair would suggest
