1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
subscriptions by the syndicate to the new
bonds are to remain on deposit with and to be
enjoyed and used by the syndicate, not only
until the expiration of the agreed period of
three months, but also thereafter until they
are in fact needed by the Treasury for the actual
redemption of the old bonds. These old bonds
come in for redemptiou very slowly. A large
part of those called in by each successive
notice are, in fact, not surrendered by their
holders for redemption until some time after
the expiration of the three months. For ex-
ample, of the $100,000,000 called in by the
notice of September 1, 1871, only $80,980,800
had in fact been redeemed up to yesterday,
although the interest on them stopped on
December 1, 1871.
Thus it is demonstrated that at least
$13,019,200of that $100,000,000 subscribed in
August last has been enjoyed and used by the
syndicate ever since us subscription. I have
no doubt it is true that of all sums subscribed
by the syndicate they have the use, under
their contract with the Department, of the
entire amount for periods of time which aver-
age at least one month after the expiration of
the time limited in the respective notices
calling in the old bonds for redemption. The
value of this use to the syndicate is worth
millions more in addition to what I have
already specified.
Mr. Speaker, in reply to all these sugges-
tions it is maintained by the majority of the
committee that the Secretary had legal war-
rant to do all these things. Where does he
find it? Itis not in the act to refund the public
debt. Is it in the law relating to national
banks: if so it must be in section forty-five,
which reads:
"That all associations under this act, when desig-
nated for that purpose by the Secretary of the
Treasury, shall be depositories ot public money,
except receipts from customs, under such regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury: and they nmy aiso be employed as finan-
cial agents of the Government, and they shall per-
formall such reasonable duties as depositories of
public money and financial agents of the Govern-
ment as mav be required of them; and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall reqttiie of the association
thui designated satisfactory security, by the deposit
of United States bonds and otherwise, for the safe-
keeping and prompt payment ol the public money
deposited with them, and for the faithful perform-
ance of their duties as the financial agents of the
Government."
I can perceive in this language no authority
to make such a contract. The duty of a de-
positary, under this law, is simply to receive
public moneys in the ordinary course of cur-
rent business, and only on sight deposits, sub-
ject at all times to the order of the Govern-
ment. The law confers upon the Secretary no
power to deposit the public moneys on other
conditions, or by any kind of contract to put
them beyond the control of the Government
for a single day or hour, or upon any con-
sideration or terras to lend them for any period,
with or without interest. If he may make a
loan of public moneys for a day, or for three
months, he may for any period that he may
choose. If he can lend to the syndicate, he
can lend to any other person or combination
of persons. His contract with the syndicate
is not in any sense a designation of a national
bank as a depository of public money ; neither
is that contract the employment of a national
bank as a financial agent: nor is it a contract
with a national bank at all. for the syndicate
is not a national bank. The high contracting
parties appear to be the Secretary on the one
side and Jay Cooke Co., or Jay Cooke &
Co.'s national bank, and certain foreign banks
and capitalists on the other side, called the
syndicate. Of exactly what persons or cor-
porations, at home and abroad, the syndicate
is composed, we are not informed. The Secre-
tary informs us that the syndicate consists of
".lay Cooke & Co. and others connected with
them in this country and Europe."
The persons in this country may be national
banks or they may not, but the persons m
Kuroj e cannot lie. Will it be pretended thai
under the law I have quoted, or any other law,
he is authorized to make any person in this
country, nota national bank, a national depos-
itary, or to make any citizen or corporation of
any foreign country a national depositary under
any circumstances whatever ; or to make such
a contract as the syndicate contract with any
person or institution whom he could not des-
ignate to act as a national depositary? Cer-
tainly none of these things will be claimed.
It is self-evident, upon the statements of the
Secretary to the committee, that this remark-
able contract was never intended to be based
upon or to find legal validity in the section of
the banking law which is cited. In my judg-
ment, there is therefore an entire lack of
authority to make such a contract at all.
Besides, it seems to me to be an arrangement
of such an extraordinary and dangerous char-
acter that it ought to be discontinued as soon
as practicable. Being unauthorized, and in
itself inexpedient and unjust in its effects
upon the Treasury and the people, I need
consider it no more in detail.
But it is further alleged by the majority in
defense of the syndicate that it would con-
vulse the whole business of the country if the
Secretary had not agreed with the syndicate
parties that these vast sums of money should
remain on deposit with them until required by
him in redemption of the five-twenty bonds.
It may be conceded that there is an appre-
ciable amount of truth in this suggesion, under
all the circumstances of our country, in so far
as the new loan was in fact purchased by our
national banks. But it can have no logical
force or application so far as the new loan is
negotiated abroad, and it is well known that
the chief operations of the syndicate have
been heretofore, and are expected to be here-
after, conducted in foreign countries. Such
operations can exercise no material influence
upon financial interests or conditions in our
country. Very much the largest part of the
old bonds intended to be refunded are held
abroad, and in the process of refunding will
never pass through our national banks at all.
There is, therefore, no propriety or necessity
arising out of the monetary interests of the
country or the demands of current business
for such an anomalous and mysterious arrange-
ment as the syndicate. It is without legal
authority, it is unjustifiably expensive to the
country, and it involves a most dangerous
transfer of control of public funds from the
Government to private hands.
Again, Mr. Speaker, it is pertinent to in-
quire whether in fact these vast sums arising
from sales of the new bonds were ever depos-
ited at all with any national depository. It is
assumed by the majority that these moneys
are in very truth deposited with the national
banks as depositories. Certainly they could
be lawfully deposited nowhere else, except in
the Treasury. Were they in either? Letus^ee.
At my request, the Secretary furnished to
the committee, under date of January 16,
1372, (Mis. Doc., No. 38,) ''a statement
showing the amounts of the securities for
public deposits of the several national bank
depositories in the United States ; also, the
average weekly balances of the Treasurer of
the United States and United States disburs-
ing officers in said depositories during the
year ending December 31, 1871.'' It was
during the period covered by this statement
that all these loans were negotiated by and
deposits made with these national deposit-
ories. Yet the significant facts are disclosed
by this schedule that the amount of these
securities deposited by all these depositories
during that year was the inconsiderable sum
of $15,774,000, and that the average weekly
balances of the public moneys of all kinds
deposited with all these depositories was only
ยง11.358.853 52. Is it rational, fair, or possible
to believe that the proceeds of the sales of
bonds for $200,000,000 are covered by only
ยง15,774,000 of securities, or would produce no
greater average balauces in the hooks of these
depositories than $11,358,853 52?
But this same statement further shows that
the First National Bank of Washington, being
Jay Cooke & Co.'s bank, and supposed to be
the veritable syndicate bank, during the same
year had securities deposited with the Treas-
urer, to make the Government safe against all
deposits left with it, to the amount of only
$100,000, and had a weekly average of deposits
of pubic money of only $100,352 67. Yet the
statement of subscriptions to the loan by the
syndicate, to which I have already referred,
shows that during the month of August, 1871,
that single bank subscribed for $60,000,000 at
onetime and for S15,000,000 at another time,
and for other large sums. Ifthese subscriptions
were in fact paid for at the date of subscrip-
tion, or thereafter, what was done with the
money? Where was it deposited? What
securities did the Treasury hold for its prompt
payment when needed ?
Then 1 turn to the report of the Comptroller
of the Currency of December 4, 1871, giving
the condition of all the national banks on
October 2, 1871, and all its statements corre-
spond with those in Miscellaneous Document
No. 38. Then I turn to the monthly debt, state-
ments of the Treasury for the past year, giving
the coin and currency balances in the Treasury
at the end of each month, and there, too, I fail to
find any evidence that any of these great sums
arising from subscriptions and payments for
the new loan were in fact deposited in the
Treasury. The aggregates of coin and cur-
rency, for example, for December, were
8127,294,320 68, and for November were
$106,380,144 60, and for October, 5107,508,-
680 06, and so on, averaging through the year
about the same for each month, and corre-
sponding closely with the monthly balances
of the preceding year,
Where, then, were these great sums in fact
deposited? Where is the actual home and
abiding-place of the syndicate? Where have
their operatipns been carried on, their moneys
kept, and their accounts reported? I cannot
answer. Somebody should. Is it not fair,
from all these facts, to infer that, in truth,
these vast sums of the new loan subscribed
for by the banks and the syndicate were really
not paid at the date of subscription at all, or
were only constructively paid, but in fact and
law not paid until the outstanding old bonds
were brought in for surrender and redemption ?
These matters demand specific explanation.
Mr. Speaker, another suggestion, and I shall
have done. In his annual report of Decem-
ber 4, 1S71, the Secretary, after a recital of
estimates for expenditures for the current fis-
cal year, says, ''These estimates show a bal-
ance applicable to the payment of the princi-
pal of the public debt for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1872, of $71,794,991 68." Dur-
ing the last fiscal year ending June 30, 1871,
there was nearly as large a balance applicable
to the same purpose. Why did pot the Secre-
tary utilize these great balances to expedite the
redemption of the old bonds, and hasten the
process of refunding, and reduce its expense
to the country, and a* oid such an expensive
and dangerous contract with the syndicate?
Certainly they could have been devoted to no
more appropriate or legitimate use. The coun-
try might have saved many millions by such a
policy. It would surely have been wiser than the
practice of purchasing bonds in open market
at a premium. I confess myself wholly unable
to see why these balances were not made avail-
able to aid in and hasten and cheapen the prac-
tical business of refunding S200.000.000.
In conclusion, with the utmost persona!
respect for the Secretary, I feel bound to say
that in my judgment he has in those matters
to which 1 have referred in detail clearly and
most dangerously exceeded his legal power,
and has lost to the country many millions of
dollars unnecessarily and unlawfully.
Tbkasdby Department,
Washington, D. C., August 10,1871.
Sik : I take the liberty to inform you that an ar-
rangemeat has been made for the disposal ox tiie
