1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4323
that the pairs already announced on this bill
need not be repeated.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Ihe SPEAKER. The rules not having been
suspended on the passage of the bill, it remains
upon the Speaker's table.
DENVER AND ItIO GRANDE RAILWAY.
Mr. KE1CHAM. I rise to present a confer-
ence report.
The Clerk read as follows:
The conference committee on the disagreeing
y?'e?o0\''1e two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (S. No. 984) granting the right of way through
the public lands to the Denver and Rio Grande Kail-
way Company having met, after full and free con-
terence, have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
i™ to their respective Houses, as follows :
ihatthe Senate reeede from their disagreement
to the amendments of the House in lines seven and
twelve, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from the disagreement to
the amendment of the House adding a proviso to
the end of the bill, and agree to the same with
amendments as follows:
In the third line of the first proviso strike out the
word ' four "and insert the word "five."
Strike out the second proviso and insert the fol-
lowing:
Provided further, That the said Denver and Rio
Grande Railway Company is hereby recognized as a
lawful corporation from the date of its incorporation
under thelawsof Colorado, andall thepowers, privi-
leges, and franchises by said laws conferred upon
said company are hereby expressly ratified, con-
firmed, and legalized as existing from the said date
of incorporation; but beyond sueh recognition,rati-
fication, and confirmation of and to said company,
this act shall not be construed as affirming or deny-
ing the rights of Territories to pass laws for the in-
corporation of railroad companies.
J. H. KETCHAM,
W. TOWNSUND,
B. T. BIGGS,
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
JOHN SCOTT,
WILLIAM M. STEWART,
HENKY COOPER,
Managers on the z>ctrt of the Senate.
The report .of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENFORCEMENT ACT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 656, to extend the pro-
visions of the fourth section of an act approved
April 20, 1871.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
provisions of the fourth section of the act
approved April 20, 1871, entitled " An act to
enforce the provisions of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes,'' shall continue in
force until the end of the next regular session
of Congress.
Mr. PERCE. I move that this bill be
Mr. KERR and Mr. RANDALL called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 56, nays 89, not voting 95 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Beatty, Buckley, Buffinton, Roder-
ick R.Butler, Coburn, Conger,Crocker, Dawes, Duell,
Dunnell, Charles Foster, Harmer, George E. Harris,
Havens, Hawley, John \V. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar,
Houghton, Lamport, McGrew. MeJunkin, Mercur,
Merriam, Momoe, Leonard Myers, Orr, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Peudleton, Perce. Aaron P. Perry,
Poland, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Saw-'
yer. Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevenson. Washington Townsend, Turner,Twichell,
Tyner, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Williams of
Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James GKBiair,
Braxton,Brooks, Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell,Car-
roll, Comingo, Conner. Cotton. Critcher, Crossiand,
Donnan, Dox, I)u Bose, Duke, Eldredge, Parns-
worth, Finkelnburg, Porker, Henry D. Fo&ter, Gar-
field, Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Golladay, Haldeman,
Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harper,
John T. Harris, Hay, Hereford, Hibbard, Holman,
Kellogg, Kendall, Ivcrr, King, Lamison, Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, McCrary, Mc-
Henry, Mclntyre, Merrick, Morgan, Morphis, Nib-
lack, Peters. Potter, Price, Randall, Read, Edward
1.Rice,Ritchie, Sion II.Rogers, Sherwood, Shober,
blocum, Stevens, Storm, Strong. Swnnn. Terry,
ruthill. Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell. Warren,
Wells, Wh.teley, Whtt.thrfrne, Willard, Williams of
iNew York, and Winchester—89.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Avcrill,
Banks, Barber, Barnuin, Barry, Beveridee, Bieby,
Bingham, Boles, Bright. Burdett,Benjamin P. But-
ler, Clarke, Cobb, Ooghlan, Cox, Crebs, Creely,
Darrall, Davis, De Large, Dickey, Barnes, Elliott,
Parwell, Wilder D. Foster, Jb'ryc, Goodrich,
(/ritalh, Male, lialsey. Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
Herndon, Hooper. Kelley, Kotchum, Killinger, Kiri-
sella, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch. Mav-
nard, MeKee, McKinney, McNeely, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Negley, HoseaW.
Parker. Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Eli Perry, Piatt,
Porter, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Robin-
son. John Rogers. Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sco-
field, Seeley, Sheldon, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss.
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, It. Milton
Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Stouehton, Stowell, St.
John, Sutherland, Sypher, Xafl'e, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Upson, Voorbees, Wallace, Walls,
Wheeler, Wood, and Young—95.
So (two thirds not voiing in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended; and the bill
was accordingly returned to its place on the
Speaker's table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. B. F. MEYERS said: On this question
I am paired with Mr. Seeley, of New York,
who, it' present, would vote in the affirmative,
whiie I would vote in the negative.
Mr. McGLELLAND. My colleagues, Mr.
R. M. Svf-er and Mr. Killinger, are paired
on this question ; Mr. Speer, if present, would
vote in the negative, and Mr. Killinger would
vote in the affirmative.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I am paired
on this question with Mr. Barmum, ot Con-
necticut. It' present, he would vote in the
negative, and I would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to state that Mr.
Stoughton, my colleague, is paired with Mr.
Voorhees, of Indiana. If present, ray col-
league would vote in the affirmative, and Mr.
Voorhees in the negative.
Mr. MONROE. I desire to state that Mr.
Upson and Mr. McIvinney, my colleagues,
are paired on this question. If present, Mr.
Upson would not vote in the affirmative, and
Mr. McKinney in the negative.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan. I am paired
on this question with Mr. Sutherland, my
colleague, who, if present, would vote in the
affirmative, and I would vote m the negative.
Mr. NEGLEY. On this question I am
paired with Mr. Wood, of New York, who, if
present, would vote in the negative, and I
would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. STOilM. On this question Mr. Grif-
fith and Mr. Scofield, my colleagues, are
paired. If present, Mr. Griffith would vote
in the negative, and Mr. Scofield in the
affirmative.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am requested to
state that Mr. Cox, of New York, is still
detained from his seat by sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
l amelia foster.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1063, granting a pension
to L. Amelia Foster.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of L. Amelia
Foster, widow of George Foster, late acting
major of the sixty-seventh regiment of New
York volunteers, and to pay her a pension as
the widow of a major in lieu of the pension
of a widow of a captain, which she is now
receiving.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill was passed.
j. w. ckonk.itk.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1064, granting a pension
to J. W. Cronkite.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of'the pension laws, the name of J. VV. Cron-
kite, late acting lieutenant colonel of the one
hundred and twenty-first regiment New York
volunteers, and to pay him a pension as a
lieutenant colonel, in lieu of his pension as
major.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill was passed.
catherine ckowell.
The next business on th« Speaker's table
was^the bill (S. No. 1149) granting a pension
to Catherine Crowell; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place upon the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Catherine Crowell,
widow of William Crowell, late a private in
company G, eighteenth regiment Kentucky
volunteers, and to pay her a private's pensiou
from the passage ot this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
abigail 11yan.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1150) granting a pension
to Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas liyan;
which was read a first and second time:
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place upon the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the name of Abigail Ryan,
whose name is now upon the pension-roll, and
pay her a pension of two dollars per month
fiom the passage of this act for her minor
child under sixteen years of age.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
(two thirds voting in favor thereof.)
THIRTEENTH TENNESSEE CAVALRY.
The next, business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 1168) to amend an act entitled
"An act to remove the charge of desertion
from certain soldiers of the thirteenth Ten-
nessee cavalry," approved April 10, 1869;
which was read a first, and second time.
Mr. COBURN. I suggest that this bill be
referred tn the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, i hope not.
There is a report from the Senate committee.
Mr. COBURN. We have not had any
chance to investigate the case.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. Let the report
be read.
Mr. McCRARY. Is an amendment in
order?
The SPEAKER. Jt is.
Mr. McCRARr. I move toametid by add-
ing the following as a new section;
Srcc. 2. That whenever it shall be made to appear
to the satisfaction of the Secietary ot War that any
soldier of the Union Army wa^, rluring the rebel lion,
captured by the rebel forces and confined in prison,
and that while in sueh confinement such soldier was
so maltreated as to endanger hit. life, and that such
soldier joined or agreed to join the enemy for the pur-
pose ot escaping troni such imprisonment, and that
he ha& never actually engaged in bervice against the
•United States, il shall be the duty of the said Secre-
tary of War to remove from ?ueh soldier all ehaiges
of desertion, and to grant him an honorable dis-
charge and the pay to which such disobargo-would
entitle him.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sus-
pending the rules to pass the bill with the
amendment just offered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the negative—ayes forty-one, noes not com) ted
Mr. COBURN. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MeCIlAKY. If the bill be referred, *
will my amendment accompany it?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The motion of Mr. Coburn was agreed to ;
and the bill and amendment were referred to
the Committee ou Military Affairs.
