1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
42i> Com; -J' Siiss.
Ihxtension of th.e Ku Klv.x Act—Mr. Gasserly.
Senate.
many jears. lit) bad grown to have a power
and iiillix-tieu second only to tho.*-e of the
younger I'ilt. lie wa< a bold man, too. He
undertook to pooh-pooh the whole business.
Man;, a time be had «o waved out of sight a
troub'esome remonstrance. This time bp
failed The spirit In- bud aroused was not to
be put down. lie bad to yield to it. He had
even to submit to an nl'iicial censure of the
proceeding hy the authoiiiies. The war othce,
under date of June 7, 18G1, issued circular
orders to the lord lieutenants in each county
of England, which, among other things, con-
tained these instructions:
"I desire further to draw your attention to the
impropriety of the preseuee ot any armed body at
parliamentary or municipal elecli -ns, and to re-
quest that you will give direction* to the command-
ing officers of alt volunteer corps wirhm the eoowty
under your c!i.ir:/e not to assetiiule their corps
for dr'll, or any other purpose, between the issue
of the writ and the termination of the election
in any county or borough in the neighborhood of
their heiidiiiiarters, or liunn? uie progress of any
municipal election in any town to which tbey may
belong."
Mark it, Mr. President. The case was
wbeiv a volunteer corps had shown itself in
the town on election day. when theie was no
contest. Yetthe orders from the war office were
peremptory, that even in such a case a vol-
unteer corps should not so much as assemble
"for drill, or any other purpose, between the
issue of the writ" ior the election "and the
termi.ia1 ion" of th-election, &c , or "during
the progress of any municipal election." &c.
Such wasthe indignation of the cuntr} and
the action of the authorities produced by it iu
the case I have mentioned. What would
have followed bad a force of the regular army,
foot and artillery, supported by war ships in
the river, been ordered by the Government into
the city of London on the eve of a contested
election while peace and order reigned supreme
and no rational sign to the contrary could any-
where be seen ? N'o ministry could have held
office a dav after such an outrage on the tradi-
tions. habits, and laws of the people in respect
of their elections.
In what I have said I have spoken of Eng
Iish laws, and praeticesin England, for guard
ing the freedom of elections against even the
appearance of military interference. I have
not spoken of English laws and practices in
Ireland in regard to the same subject. I
think 1 shall not be far wrong if I say that, in
Ireland English laws and practices are far
less comloendable than they are in England,
and that at elections in Ireland military force
is en,ployed with a freedom, if not reckless-
ness. praciically unknown in England. The
reason of this difference is notorious. It is,
that, to her own deep injury and discredit, and
to th ■ flagrant oppression of Ireland, England
still governs her as a conquered province.
Since the close of the civil war the South
has been our Ireland. The Radicals have
governed the South as England has governed
Ireland, like a conquered province, and by
the same instruments precisely, bv govern-
ment s of carpet bug^ersaud "scalawags' up-
held by Federal bayonets. General (grants
experience in so governing the South has not
been very long. It has been long enough,
however, for him to learn how to treat the
North iu the like manner.
I have spoken at, large of the military oper-
ations of the President at New York on elec-
tion day bt cause there they were the most
extensive and the most elaborate.
Some weeks earlier the second greatest city
of the Union, Philadelphia, was the scene ot
similar proceedings, though on a much smaller
scale. The Governor of each State, New7 York
and Pennsylvania, in his next message to the Le-
gislature of his State denounced the wrong in
language which is not the less weighty that it is
entirely clear of exaggeration or passion.
I shall give an extract or two from the mes-
sage of Governor Hoffman, of New York.
After demonstrating the utter absence of any
ground to apprehend disorders at the election
in the shape of opposition to the "bayonet
election law" or otherwise, and the entire abil-
ity and willingness of the local and State
authorities to deal with them, if they should
arise, the Governor says :
" Notwithstanding all thi?, by the President's
orders, United States troops were brought from dis-
tant posts and quartered in the city ot New York,
and ships of war were anchored in its harbor. It
was eeriamiy not unreasonable to expect that the
fh'st drop bt citizen blood shed in the city of New
York by Federal troops in time of peace might lead
to terrible result*, involving jsreat lo^s of lite and
incalcul ihle destruction of property. Therefore, as
Chief Magistrate of this State, charged with the
duty of enf'oicing its Inws ar.d preserving order
wit/iin its boundaries, I u-eti every exertion and
made every preparation and provision in my power
to pre-erve order and protect the people in their
rights, their lives, and property."
Again he sivs:
"It was due to the patient forbearance of the
people, and to the earnest endeavors and great
coolness and discretion ot the peace officers of the
city, that order was preserved. I deem it my sol-
emn duty to protest now formally against these
outrages, whieh, it is given out, will be renewed at
future elections, with preparations looking to a
greater degree of intimidation aud coercion. In
this-protest the people ot Luis Suite do, I am con-
fident, by an overwhelming majority, earnestly
unite."
The message of Governor Hoffman deals
with the subject at length, and with such
marked power as to make it at once one of the
State papers of the country.
If I cite no more from Governor Hoffman,
it is because I wish to quote more largely from
the message of Governor Geary, who will not
be suspected even by the most distempered
partisan of any improper bias against, General
Grant's administration, wtth which, as the
Kadical Governor of Pennsylvania, he was,
of course, in general accord and sympathy.
Even Governor Geary felt himself obliged to
rebuke military interference by General Grant
of the same kind, though much less in degree,
in the city of Philadelphia at the general elec-
tion of October, 1870. He says that he has
examined the law under wh'ch these proceed-
ings, it was said, took place; that even in
that law he finds no warrant for the proceed-
ings. Hear his words:
"The alleged authority for the use of troops at our
State elections is derived from the tenth seetion of
an act of Congress approved May 31,1^70, entitled
'An act to enforce the rights ot citizens of the Uni-
ted States to vote in the several States of the Union,
and for other purposes,' which authorizes United
States marshals to call to their assistance 'such por-
tion of the land and naval forces of the United
States, or of the militia, as m:iy be necessary to the
performance of the duty with whieh they are
charged, and to insure a faithful observance of the
fifteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United Suites.' "
The Governor goes on to say:
" But it must be a forced construction of this law
that will justify the presence of armed national
forces at our places of election when no necessity
exists therefor, and where their presence is calcu-
lated to provoke collision.
In all this Governor Geary is so clearly right
that it is diiBcult. to suppose General Grant or
his-adviseis ignorant of the law or the facts.
The law was had enough. It could not have
been worse unless it had in terms authorized
General Grunt, whenever he thought the due
enforcement of the fifteenth amendment re-
quired it, to take charge of all elections in
places of twenty thousand people or over. This
it does not do; yet General Grant acted pre-
cisely as though it, had done it. That is, he
broke the law. Bad as the law was. the pro-
ceedmgs of General Grant were still wor&e ;
lor they were a violation of it.
Governor Geary continues in the next sen-
tence :
'•With n good President, the exercise of the power
referred to iwht have no injurious results; but
in the hands ot a bud man, yov ertied by personal
ambition, it might piovo ext-eeiliugly calamitous.
Unconsciously a good President might be induced to
employ it wrongfully; a bad one would be aimo&t
certain to use it for bis own advancement.
The rebuke of General Grant conveyed by
the scarce disguised irony of this passage is
perfect. It is all the more severe that it comes
from so high a quarter ia his own party.
Having shown the grossly illegal and wanton
character of the proceedings Governor Geary
gives us the authentic history of them;
'' At the last October eleetionUnited States troops
were stationed in Philadelphia for the avowed pur-
pose of enforcing the election laws. This was done
without the consent or even the knowledge of the
civil authorities of either the city or the Srate, and
without any expressed desire on the partof the citi-
zens, and, as far as eaa be ascertained, without ex-
isting iieces«tty. From a conscious conviction of its
importance t have called your attention to this sub-
ject. A neglect to have done so might have been
cout-trued as an indorsement of a-measure that
meets my unqualifieddisapproval. The civil author-
ities of Penusylvanin have always been, aud are
still, competent to protect its citizens in the exer-
cise of their elective franchise^ and the proper and
only tline for United States military forces to inter-
vene will be when the power of the Commonwealth
is exhausted and their aid is lawfully required."
Throughout his message Governor Geary
asserts in fit words the dignity of his great
Commonwealth. He states with exactness the
true construction of the "bayonet law," and
also tae constitutional limitations of power in
regard to the employment of the Federal
forces in a State—limitations which that law
wholly ignores.
One word more of the Philadelphia case,
before I leave it. If tbere could be degrees
of wantonness in General Grant's proceedings
at the elections in the two great cities of the
Union, we must give the palm to his proceed-
ings at Philadelphia, the chief city of a State
the whole power of whieh, eivi! and military,
wasin thecontrolof his political friends. Why,
then, was Philadelphia selected by him and his
advisers as the first theater of his military cam-
paign against f'reeelections in the United States?
Was it iu forget fulness or disregard of the
most hallowed memories of the heroic times
sacred to American freedom, Or was it in
defiance of these, that General Grant inaugu-
rated his policy of military force at the elec-
tions withm the near vicinage of the old
Independence Hall, and almost within the
sound of its historic bell, the herald of inde-
pendence to a continent, and of a new politi-
cal order of ideas to the wo-Id?
In that old hall, the temple of American
liberty, the Declaration of Independence was
ordained and published. In that Declaration
was it not, sir, those ever memorable words
rung out, in high and stern reproof of the
usurpations of a despotic monarch, when the
fathers of the Revolution, speaking lor the
colonies, declared of King George :
*' The history of the present king of 0-reat Britain
is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations,
all having, in direct object, the establishment of an
absolute tyranny over these States."
And again :
"lie has kept among us, in times ofpeace, standing
armies, without the consent of our Legislature."
Once more:
"He hns nfFeeted to render the military independ-
ent of, and superior to, the civil power."
Would that, as once of old, the geniusof the
place had on that day burst forth in more than
innnan majesty and power and scattered in
cont'u-ion aud dismay the worse than vandals
who dared so to profane the spot and its as-
sociations consecrated to the immortal protest
of the fathers of American freedom against the
attempt of a despotic prince to subjugate the
rights and governments of the States by mil-
itary power.
Let us hear those weighty sentences again :
"He has affected to render the military independ-
ent of, and superior to, the civil yower. lie has
kept among us, in times of peace, standing armies,
without the oonsent of our Legislature."
Oh, sir, let tis never forget these words,
sounding down to us through the long years,
reminding us how with lofiy purpose and un-
shaken soul the men of "7t> stood for the lib-
erties of themselves and their "children, for the
