1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3427
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Vermont tell us how many of the States had
agricultural colleges in which ihey were giving
instruction within five years from the passage
of that act?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can tell the Senator
of one.
Mr. THURMAN. I think I can name five
that have not for one that has.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I do not know
that, that helps the case any. They had one
in Vermont.; I can tell the Senator that.
Mr. THURMAN. There is none in Ohio
yetMr. EDMUNDS. They had one in Ver-
mont in which, without distinction of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude, call
it a social right, or civil right, or political
right, education was given, to all who applied.
" Mr. HILL. If the Senator will allow me
one word 
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir, for I have not
the time; that is my only reason. I have one
word yet to say in reply to the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. HILL. I wish to give the Senator a
little piece of information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont declines to yield.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Illi-
nois says he is in favor of having the funds of
Congress applied to equal education, if I
understand him, of blacks and whites, and in
the same institution ; that they are entitled to
the benefits of these agricultural colleges upon
an equal footing with white persons; but when
it comes to the State taxation, then he is not,
it seems. How he distinguishes them I do
not know.
The Senator tells us no man has a civil
right to go to school. Has a man a civil right
to sue in a particular court? Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, if you can establish separate schools
you can establish separate courts. You are
not bound to say that every man sball sue in a
particular court. According t.o the Senator's
argument, and under his civil rights bill, he
ought to have provided that this right to sue
in every court of the United States, and of
every State, which he says belonged to the
black man because he was a citizen, should
be enforced by providing a separate court for
colored men, so that they should not disturb
the pride or the prejudice, or whatever you
please to call it, of white people who choose
to attend other courts as suitors. _ If that is
what is called civil equality, then it is better
to understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to that amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the Senator is
preparing the amendment to the amendment,
I wish to say that I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. I cannot see why the numer-
ous supervisors and deputy marshals_ appointed
in the city of Chicago should be paid five dol-
lars A day and those at Springfield in my State
should work without any pay. I do not know
any reason why in the city of Philadelphia
they should be paid five dollars a day by the
thousand, if you please, and in the city of
Harrisburg should work without pay. 1 hat is
the provision that the Senator from Indiana
now proposes to put upon this bill, to give the
extravagant price of five dollars a day to dep-
uty marshals ad libitum. The marshal is au-
thorized by this bill to appoint just as many
special deputies as he pleases and to pay them
five dollars a day for ten days in cities of
twenty thousand inhabitants and over, and
supervisors ar  also to be appointed in cities
ot twenty thousand inhabitants, and they are
to be paid five dollars a day, if this amendment
obtains, while in cities ot less than twenty
thousand they are to work for nothing. Jn
Boston they are to have live dollars a day, in
Worcester and Springfield, if Springfield has
less than twenty thousand inhabitants, they are
to work for nothing.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to amend the
amendment by adding:
And the fees or compensation payable to super-
visors or deputy marshals under the acts to which
this is an amendment, are hereby roduced fifty per
cent.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish the effect of the
amendment that has been made to the bill and
the effect of the bill, should it pass, would be
to abolish this office of supervisors, as the
Senator from Indiana supposes it will; but I
do not think that will be the effect at all. I
am therefore very sorry to say that without his
amendment thpse supervisors in cities will get
their pay. Why will they get their pay ? The
section that will become the second section of
the bill, should the present measure pass, does
not provide for supervisors in cities. That is
all very true. It provides for supervisors else-
where than cities, or rather it does not provide
for supervisors in cities alone. That is very
true. Then comes the amendment offered by
the Senator from Texas, that tlicy shall not
receive pay. But that does not affect the
other section, unless indeed it be true that the
supervisors who may be appointed in cities
will be appointed under the bill which is now
before the Senate. If that is the case, then
the Senator is right, and possibly that is the
case.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
that the first section of this bill by its terms
takes the place of the second section of the
old bill, so that all the supervisors will in effect
be appointed under this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Then the Senator is right,
and I hope his amendment will not be adopted
and that these supervisors in the cities will be
allowed to stand on precisely the same footing
with supervisors elsewhere. No reason can
be given why the one should serve without
compensation, and the other should be com-
pensated—not a single reason in the world.
What is the reason that you propose to give
them no compensation in the country or in
towns of less than twenty thousand ? On the
theory that you will get better men by taking
men who will perform the service without com-
pensation, that you will not get a set of office-
seekers ; that you will get better men, respect-
able men. If that is true in the country, it is
still more true and has still greater weight
when you come to a great city. No reason
can be conceived of why you should give these
men pay in the city, when you refuse to give
them pay in the country. I hope, therefore,
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana
will be voted down and that the bill, it it shall
pass, will have the effect of doing away with
this compensation for supervisors altogether.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Ohio
of course is right in his view, and I voted in
favor of an amendment which would have/,
carried out that view. That amendment,
however, was not adopted. I suggest to the
Senator from Ohio that if he wishes to reach
the point that he has in his mind, it will re-
quire some express words to be added to the
measure now before the Senate. Ihere are
two sections that relate to this question ot
supervisors in the former acts. One of them
is displaced by section two of this bill. _Ihe
other fixes the compensation of supervisors
appointed in towns containing twenty thousand
inhabitants or more. That is a separate sec-
tion. It will require, therefore, an amend-
ment to repeal that section or to repeal so
much of it as provides for their compensa-
tion, in order to accomplish the view ot the
Senator from Ohio. Regularly, I presume,
the course would be to vote down the amend-
merit of the Senator from Indiana declaring
their right to compensation. He seems to con-
sider that necessary to prevent any possible
ambiguity which may arise from the passage
of this measure. Therefore I wih ask the Clerk
to withhold my amendment until it is known
what disposition the Senate will make of the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California withdraws his amendment
for the present, and the question is on the
amendment of the Senatorfrom Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. One word, Mr. President.
It was not the purpose of this bill to change
the law as it now stands so far as cities of
twenty thousand inhabitants are concerned.
We do not propose to disturb the law as it
applies to them.
There is a reason, and a very clear reason
for providing compensation for officers in the
cities that would not apply to corresponding
officers in the country. You can get a class
of men to perform these duties in the country
while the corresponding class in the cities will
not even go to the polls at all, perhaps. 1 hope
the amendment will bo adopted. The simple
effect is to leave the old law just as it now is
in this respect; it does not propose to change
that. That was adopted after great considcra-
tion, and I see no reason for changing it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a question of
some importance, and I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senatorfrom Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayard,] who is absent, is paired
on this subject with the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Chandler.]
The result was announced—yeas 37, nays
18 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alcorn. Amos, Anthony, Boro-
man. Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter,
Clayton, Colo, Corbett, Cragm. Edmunds, l'erry
ot Connecticut, Kerry of Michigan, Flanagan. Fre-
linghuyscn. Hitchcock, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomerny,
Pool, Pratt, ltamsov, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott.
Spencer, Btewait, Sumnor, West, Windoin, and
W rif?h t —37
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly, Cooper. Davis of
West Virginia, troldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, Kelly, Ransom,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton,
Thurtnan.Tipton, and Trumbull—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bnyard, Brownlow, Chandler,
Conkhng, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Uilbert,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Lewis, Logan. Nor-
wood. Patterson, Rico, Sherman, Vickers, ana
Wilson—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSEllLY. I ask the Clerk now to
read the amendment just adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment just, adopted will be reported.
The Chief Ci.erk. The amendment, just
agreed to is as follows:
At the end of.tlie proviso to the first section of the
blExcep't those authorized to be appointed by the
act to which this is  an amendment in cities having
twenty thousand inhabitants or more.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now I ofTer my amend-
ment, and ask the Clerk to read that.
TheCmnp Ci.ekk. At the end of the amend-
ment just agreed to it is proposed to insert:
And the fees or compensation payable to super-
visors or deputy marshals under the f.cls to wlneli
this act is amendatory are hereby reduced titty per
cent.
Mr. CASSERLY. K I could hope that any
amendment would be adopted by the Senate
which would have the effect of rendering this
i bill less oppressive™-! speak, of course, from
\ my own point of view, not intending to reflect
i upon the motive of any Senator—I should
feel confident that this amendment would be
adopted. , ,
Mr. President, we know that some ot the
worst creatures that ever disgraced humanity
have been appointed in the large cities of
the Onion supervisors and deputy marshals
under the acts to which this act is an amend-
ment. More than once in this body lists have
been read of those persons by name, with their
descriptions in full, also the crimes for which
they had been convicted and the terms tiiej
