1636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
order is made the Chair will rule, but lie does
not make the point himself.
Mr. MORTON. I make no point of order.
Mr. COLE. I do.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think notice
was given of this amendment to the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If it has been,
the rale has been complied with.
Mr. COLE. Was it included in the notice
given by the Senator from New Jersey ?
The. VICE PRESIDENT. Prom the Com-
mittee on Agriculture?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think so; I
am not certain about it. I gave notice of a
number of amendments, and I think that was
among them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a new item
of appropriation, and must be offered in com-
pliance with the thirtieth rule.
Mr. COLE. The Senator knows, I suppose,
whether he gave it or not. I have it not on
my file.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not remem-
ber it.
Mr. COLE. I have one amendment offered
by the Senator which does not cover that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There was
another.
Mr. COLE. It is not included in the amend-
ments of winch the Senator gave noticc. That
related to some other officers of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Then I give
notice of it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will have to be
moved in open Senate, as the Senator from
Illinois did his, and by direction of a com-
mittee.  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I offer it from
the Committee on Agriculture.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SPENCER. 1 move the following as
an amendment to the amendment:
That the compensation of the clcrks employed in
thesever:il Executive Departments of tlu; Govern-
ment shall bo as follows, to wit: clerks of theiirst
class, 41,400 por .mnum ; clcrks of the second class,
$1,000 per annum; clerks of the third class, si,800
per annum; clerks of I ho fourth class, $2,000 per
annum; chiefs of divisions, $2,-00 per Annum; chief
clerks of bill c.lus, per annum ; chief clerks of
.Departments, $2,800 per annum ; messengers, 61,200
per annum; assistant messengers, $000 per annum ;
and that this section shall take effect oi) and after
the 1st day of July, J872.
Mr., SHERMAN. That comes from no
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio makes a point of order; and unless the
Senator from Alabama states that this propo-
sition comes from a committee and that notice
of it was given to the Committee on Appro-
priations, it is not in order.
Mr. SPENCER. I gave notice of it and
had it referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That does not
comply with the thirtieth rule. The Chair has
read it very often, and the Senator can find it
in the Manual. If it is offered by a committee
or in pursuance of an estimate of a head of a
Department, it comes within the rule. Other-
wise it is out of order. The question now is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
as amended.
Mr. COLE. I suppose we have carried this
civil service reform now to about the fullest
extent that will be expected by members of
the Senate. There are, however, in the Gov-
ernment a great many officers not provided
with larger salaries than they are now receiv-
ing, and I suppose the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Alabama would not be an unrea-
sonable one for the Senate to adopt if they
adopt the one that is proposed by the Senator
from Ohio. There are some of the officers of
the Government that receive really less com-
pensation than they ought to, considering the
service that they render, and I will call the
attention of the Senate to one officer in par-
ticular, I refer to the chief clerk of the Treas-
ury Department, whose salary is twenty-two
or twenty-five hundred dollars—I am not cer-
tain which—who really does more service, in
my judgment, than any one of the officers
named in the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio. If my judgment is good upon the sub-
ject, I will say that a large per cent, more
service is rendered by that officer than by any
one of those included in the amendment.
The impropriety of pressing this increase of
the salaries of the officers will be made appa-
rent by reference to some who are left out of
the amendment.
This question has been so fully discussed
already by my colleagues on the committee,
and by others, that I do not feel like detain-
ing the Senate by a single remark further
upon it. 1 wish, however, to remind the Sen-
ate that the policy was announced early in
this session, and has been announced on this
floor several times, not to increase at this time
the salaries of the officers in the service of
the Government. This was done in such a
manner as to give the country notice, and the
country does not expect, in my judgment, this
inciease of salaries at this time; and when
Senators and others are talking about civil
service reform, if in the pending presidential
election they expect to make use of the pre-
text or pretense that civil service reform is
a part of the policy of the party, they will
find difficulty in convincing the country that
that is the policy of the party when the at-
tempt is made to raise the salaries almost
indiscriminately of a large number of the
officers of the Government.
Perhaps this is a proper subject for civil
service reform. No doubt a committee ought
to investigate it, and adjust the salaries in
accordance with the valuable services of the
several parties who are rendering service to
the Government; but it cannot be done on
an appropriation bill. The discussion is not
brought up here in its regular order nor with
due consideration, so that we can ask that the
report of the proper committee be read. It
must he taken up on such presentation of the
ease as is had hastily, and the conclusion is
apt. to be a crude one, and one that ought not
to be arrived at by Congress.
Mr. President, I hope now, since all the
amendments have been added to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio that can be
added, that the Senate will upon the yeas and
nays vote down the whole proposition and let
the appropriation bill be as it was intended by
the committee. I hopethe-Senate will enable
us to amend the bill by striking out the last
clause in the title, ''and for other purposes,"
and let it be strictly an appropriation bill.
There is nothing to speak of in it now, unless
this be adopted, that is not really proper in
an appropriation bill. I feel certain that the
House of Representatives will not acquiescein
this amendment this year, or upon this consid-
eration of it. I do not expect they will. I
am pretty sure that rather than do it they will
ask for a committee of conference, and no
doubt in such case the House would adhere
strongly to its position and probably override
the Senate even if they should vote in favor
of these large salaries.
I hope the Senate will stand by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations which has announced
the policy of keeping the appropriation bill
free from independent legislation. I hope cer-
tainly that that principle will be adhered to,
so as to cut out legislation increasing salaries,
and thus adding to the burdens of the people.
While there is no doubt that the salaries of
many officers are now inadequate, the subject
should be adjusted as a whole in a separate,
well-considered, and carefully-matured bill.
It should not be presented in piecemeal by
amendments to the regular and necessary
appropriation bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,_ (Mr. Carpen-
ter in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Siyiator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] as amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Blair, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Chandler, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of
Michigan,Flanagan, Hamlin,Harlan, Hill,Kellogg,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morriii of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Itice, Sawyer, Seott,
Sherman, Spencer, Sumner,Trumbull, andWest—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell, Clayton, Cole,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Frelinghuysen, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Sprague, Thurimin,Yick-
crs, Windom, and Wright—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Buckingham, Casserly, Conkling, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, _ Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gold-
tliwaite, Hitchcock, Tlowe, X,ewis, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Tipton, and Wil-
son—26,
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed
to.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to renew the
amendment I moved in Committee of the
Whole increasing the appropriation for the
Bureau of Education.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Ci.erk. The proposed amendment
is to strike out the clause on page 45, begin-
ning with line ten hundred and ninety-two, as
follows:
Bureau of Education :
For Commissioner of Education, $3,000; one clerk
at id,800; one clerk at $1,000; one translator,$1,600;
one clerk at £>1,400; one messenger at $810; station-
ery, SI.000; library, $1,000 ; collecting statistics and
writing and compiling matter for annual and special
reports, and editing and publishing circulais of
information, $13,000; contingencies, $1,260; in all,
$26,500.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Bureau of Education :
For Commissioner of Education, $3,000; chief
elei k, $2,000; one clerk of class four; one statistician,
with tho compensation of a clerk of class tour ; one
clerk of class three; one translator, with tho com-
pensation of a clerk of class three; one clerk of
class two ; four copyists at $000 each ; one messenger,
at $810; stationery, SI,000; library, $1,000; eurient
educational periodicals, $250; othercurrent publica-
tions, §225; completing valuable sets of periodicals
and publications in the library, _ $200; collecting
statistics and writing and compiling matter for
annual and special reports, and editing and publish-
ing circulars of information, $13,000; fuel and lights,
$275; contingencies, $1,260; in all, $31,8^0.
Mr. THURMAN. Is not this the same
amendment which was voted down in com-
mittee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
is informed that it is.
Mr. THURMAN. I make the point of
order that the Senator from South Carolina has
no right to offer that when the Chair is occu-
pied by the Senator from Wisconsin, who gave
very good reasons the other day why it should
be defeated, and I have no doubt he could con-
vince the Senate now. I think it is out of
order to take advantage of the position of the
Senator from Wisconsin [laughter] to press
this amendment, or leave its opposition to
feebler hands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
supposes the sound reasonings will remain;
but the amendment now offered is in oider.
Mr. THURMAN. It would be so if the
Senate always recollected what was said in a
previous debate on the same subject.
But seriously, Mr. President, I hope this
amendment will be voted down again for the
reasons which were given the other day, and
which I will not trouble the Senate to repeat.
The -Senate see how it is—a proposition to
increase the expenses of this bureau more
than twenty per cent., T think. That is going
pretty fast—twenty per cent, a year increase.
Where is it to end ? It is just precisely like
the Bureau of Agriculture, which began with
an appropriation of $2,000 or $3,000, and
now the appropriations are over a quarter of a
