4324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
REIMBURSEMENT OP KENTUCKY.
■The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1054) to reimburse the
Si ate of Kentucky for moneys expended for
{he United States in enrolling, subsisting,
clothing, supplying, arming, equipping, pay-
ing, and transporting militia forces to aid in
suppressing the rebellion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope this bill
will be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. McHENRY. I hope it will be consid-
ered now.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to cause to be examined, setlled, and paid any
proper claims of the State of Kentucky for
money expended by that State in enrolling,
subsisting, clothing, and paying such forces of
Kentucky as were called into service in that
State after August 24, 1801, to act in concert
with the United States forces in the suppres-
sion of the late rebellion.
The second section provides that the exam-
ination, settlement, and payment shall be had
and made by the proper officers of the Treas-
ury Department upon the principles and con-
ditions and under the limitations stated and
provided Iti the act of Congress approved
April 17, 1806, entitled "An act to reimburse
the State of Missouri for moneys expended
for the United States in enrolling, equipping,
and provisioning militia forces to aid in sup-
pressing the rebellion."
The third section appropriates $1,000,000
to pay such sums as shall be (bund due the
State of Kentucky, to be paid upon such set-
tlement to the duly authorized agonts of the
State.
Mr. GAIiFIKLD, of Ohio. I observe there
ia an appropriation of $1,000,000.
Mr. McUENltY. There is an appropria-
tion, and if I am allowed 1 will make a brief
explanation.
Mr. GABFIKLD, of Ohio. I will reserve
my point of order till I hear the gentleman's
explanation.
Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, during the
War the condition of Kentucky was such that
it became necessary for the United States Gov-
ernment to raise twenty thousand troops for
the defense of that State. They were United
States troops, and wore raised for the express
purpose of defending the State of Kentucky,
and guarding the rear of the nrmy of the
Cumberland. They were recruited in the
State of Kentucky, and were to all intents and
purposes United States forces. The exigencies
of the service required they should be put
under the control of tho officers who look
them out of the State. Then it became neces-
sary for the State of Kentucky to raise troops
not for her own protection alone, but to guard
the United States property and hold military
positions in the State. These troops were
not mustered into the United States service,
although under the control of United States
officers.
I will have read a letter from General Sher-
man, wherein he states that by reason of these
troops he was successful in his march to the
sea, and it was at his instance as a United
States officer these troops were raised, and he
requested the Governor of the State to got up
a force to protect his rear.
This bill, sir, is similar to one passed for
the Stats of Indiana, and is nearly similar to
one passed for the State of Ohio, and is sim-
ilar to one passed for the State of Missouri,
and to one which came in from the Senate
yesterday for the State of Kansas which passed
this House in March last. The difference is
that we do not send out a commission for the
•purpose of ascertaining the amount claimed
by Kentucky. In this respect the bill is not
as favorable for Kentucky as bills for the
other States. It requires the vouchers shall
be made out and approved in the War Depart-
ment, and by the accounting officers of the
Treasury, and we have vouchers made and
approved, now on file, for an amount of more
than half a million dollars.
We in Kentucky considered under the law
of 1861 we were entitled without further
legislation to the money, and that amount of
vouchers has been proved and established in
the War Department. The claim is approved
by the Secretary of War, and it was directed
to be paid. The Secretary of the Treasury,
however, construed the law that it did not
apply unless the troops were absolutely mus-
tered into the service of the United States.
We differed with him, and the question was
carried to the Supreme Court, where it was
decided that the Secretary of War was right.
I ask to have read the letters of General
Sherman and General liurbridge.
The Clerk read as follows :
Washington, D. C., June 30,1871.
I certify that, prior to beginning the Atlanta
campaign, I sent for Governor Br.milette, of Ken-
tucky, to come to mo in Nashville, and m Jlay or
April, 1861. levcaled to liiia the plans and purposes
of tho campaign, ami that I expected turn, as the
Executive of Kentucky, to guard and protect our
hues of supply, all of which came through Ken-
tucky, and to guard against raids or invasions from
tho cast or'west, lie expressed his perfect willing-
ness to do so, and on the whole our luies wore pro-
tected, and oursuccess was thereby encouraged and
insured. My route, as is well known, was to Savan-
nah, Georgia, and thence to Washington, District
ot Columbia: so that I did not again see Governor
linuiiletta till the war was over, aud was never able
to a^ceitaln how or in what manner lie d^po.-^ed of
his State militia to the end proposed: but I do re-
gard his eilorts as meritorious to the cause of the
United States to a high degree.
W. T. SHERMAN, General.
City op WAsrrtvriToM, I). 0., April 20,18fi9.
This is to certify that I am n citizen of the State
of Kentucky, and in ISOt and 18i>5 I was a brigadier
general of volunteers, and in command of the dis-
trict of Kentucky: and whilo in command of said
district (from April, lMil, to the summer of 1865) I
employed in tho United States service tho capital
guards and other St.i[.o guard.i to take the place of
and do tho services required by, the United States
trOops under my command, at vaiious times, and
the organizations aforesaid did perforin guard and
picket duty whilo L was absent with _iuy command
ou expeditions a gainst rebel oigani nations in eastern
K'"mucky, Tonncssee, and Saltville, Virginia.
They wore necessarily employed by mo ; and if
they had not been furnished I should huvo been
compelled to have kept a. much larger lorce of
United States troops stationed in Kentucky to per-
form that service, which would have defeated many
of the expeditions which were successfully made,
flic Governor ol Kentucky (uruislied the capital
and other State guards on iny order, and tho exp'enso
incurved on account of subsistence, transportation,
uml otdijance, was necessity and for the benefit of
tile United States, and could not, at that time, have
been dispensed with. Tho expenditures, therefore,
charged to tho United States in thoeighth and ninth
installments of the war claim of Kentucky were
pi opt rly chargeable to the United St ales us a neces-
sity, n ml the Slate of Kentucky should bo reimbursed
for tho expenditures thus made.
L have no in iciest whatever in this matter, and
make this statement to vindicate the military his-
tory of my command.
S. Iil'RBltlDGB;
Late Major Oenejal United titates Army.
Mi\ McHENKY. I wish to say this in addi-
tion, that when this proposition Was brought!
up at the oilier end of the Capitol there was
some objection to the manner in which the
proposition was framed. That was the same
proposition I referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. Alter elaborate argument
and a full understanding of the case, this bill
was drafted by (he gentleman who made the
original objectiou and passed through the
Senate with perfect unanimity.
I make that statement in view of the fact
that this bill has not been referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and 1 ask that
it be put upon its passage, because it is a mat-
ter just to my Slate, the proposition being
exactly the same as both Houses have already
voted in regard to other States. I feel that
there can be no reasonable objection to the
passage of the bill. I do not make this
motion because the bill will not stand any
scrutiny whatever from any committee, bat
because we have not time now to have it
referred to a committee, and because the
money is due to the State of Kentucky, and
has been due for several years, and its pay-
ment ought not to be furiher delayed. I hope,
sir, the bill will pass without opposition. If,
however, any gentleman is not satisfied, I will
take pleasure m giving any explanation or
answering any questions in regard to it, as I
hold in my hand all the Order# and" affidavits
connected, with the claim, and which show it
to be as meritorious as any claim against tho
Government. • ...
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill was
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sok, one of its cleilcs, informed the House
that the Senate insists on its amendments to
the bill (II. II. No. 1671) makingappropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs
of certain fomfieAtions and works' of dbfense,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and agreed to the conference asked by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed Me- Cole, Mr.
Coxkmng, and Mr-. Stevensojt, manageis of
the conference on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on its amendments to the bill
(H. It. No. 2208) making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works on rivers and harbors,
and for other purposes, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, agreed to the con-
ference asked by the House ou the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses, and had ap-
pointed Mr. CllANm.ufl., Mr. BueiaxoiiAM, and
Mr. VietKUS, conferees on the part of tho
Senate.
SOI.DIlSKS' AND SAILORS' HOMESTEADS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. JSo. 1153) to amend an act
relating to soldiers' and sailors' homesteads.
The'bill was read. It provides that the act
entitled "An act to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the
public lands of the United States," approved
April 4, 1872, be, and the same is hereby,
amended so as to read as follows : that every
private soldier and officer who has served in
the Army of the United States during the
recent rebellion for ninety days, or more, and
who was honorably discharged, and has re-
mained loyal to the Government., including the
troops mustered into.the service of the United
States by virtue of the Ihiid section of an act
entitled "An act miking appropriations for
completing the defenses of Washington, and
for other purposes," approved Febiuary 13,
18G2, and every seaman, maiine, and officer who
has served m the Navy of the United States, or
in the" Marine corps, duriiig the rebellion, for
ninety days, and who was honorably discharged,
and has retrained loyal to the Government,
shall, on compliance wil h the provisions of an act
entitled "An act toseeure homesteads toactual
settlers on the public domain," and the acts
amendatory thereof, as hereinafter niodiiied,
bo entitled to enter upon aud receive patents
for a quantity of public lands (not mineral) not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, or one
quarter section, to be taken in compact form,
according to legal subdivisions, including the
.alternate reserved sections of public lands
along the line of any railroad or other public
work, not otherwise reserved or appropiiated,
and other lands subject to entry under the
homestead laws of the United States; pro-
vided that, said homestead settler shall be
allowed six months after locating his home-
stead, and 'fihng his declaratory statement,
within which to make his entry and commence
hts settlemeat 'and improvement; and pro-
vided also that the."tifne which the homestead
settler shall have served in the Army, Navy,
or Marine corps aforesaid shall be deducted
from ihe time heretofore required to perfect
title, or if discharged on account of wounds
