25S2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18.
provision of the Constitution which author-
izes Congress to establish inferior courts to
exercise the judicial power of the Federal
Government. Your judiciary must construe
and enforce the laws of your Government.
They are your judicial courts, they are execut-
ing your will; they are construing your laws ;
they are established by your voice; they are
paid from your Treasury ; they are judges of
the United States. They ought, therefore, to
come within this provision of the Constitution
which is applicable to every judge who is ex-
ercising the judicial power of the United
States. When this Constitution says "the
judicial power of the United States shall be
vested, " &e., it means all the judicial power
that the United States has under this Consti-
tution otherwise, and to exclude the District
of Columbia from this operation, this should
have been, "all judicial power of the United
States, except in places over which the United
States may have power of exclusive jurisdic-
tion." We have, for instance, under the Con-
stitution the same power of exclusive legisla-
tion over lands in the States ceded to us for
purposes of arsenals and other public works
with the consent of the State. But in every
instance where the power exeicised was con-
templated by the Constitution, and is a part
of the judicial power which the Constitution
confers upon the General Government, it
must be executed m the mariner provided in
the Constitution ; that is, it must be executed
either by the Supreme Court or some subor-
dinate tribunal to be established by Congress,
and the judges of every such tribunal must
hold their offices during good behavior.
J\Ir. SAWYER. Now, if the Senator will
allow us to waive the constitutional point and
adopt this amendment, we shall be very glad
to do it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will allow the Sen-
ator even to waive the Constitution. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SAWYER. I am quite willing that an
amendment which will meet the Senator's
views shall be adopted, and that is tho amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine, and further
inserting, instead of the words "the term
of six years," the words "duiiug good
behavior."
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly must object
to allowing justices of the pence and police
commissioner to be appointed during good
behavior in this District, because the whole
duty of these police commissioners is to super-
sede a lot of justices of the peace, and super-
sede the present police court. The functions
are purely local and insignificant, compara-
tively, though 1 have no doubt they are com-
paratively important locally. A certain
amount of criminal and civil jurisdiction of a
limited nature is conferred upon this tribunal.
Mr. CARPENTER. Lt is made a court of
record.
Mr. SHERMAN. Just as our probate
court in Ohio is a court of record. A dis-
tinction has been made always between ter-
ritorial courts and the courts of the United
States where they are exercising jurisdiction
within the States, a jurisdiction coextensive
with the United States, as circuit courts, dis-
trictcourts, and the Supreme Court. They are
courts of the United States exercising their
power within a State where there is another
power with a more unlimited jurisdiction. But
this provision of the Constitution has not been
held to apply either to tho Territories or to the
District ot Columbia. Here our power is con-
fessedly exclusive ; it is confessedly absolute ;
that is, we have in this District, to use the lan-
guage of the Supreme Court, the same power
that coulS be exercised by a State Legislature
within a State. Our powers are general, cov-
ering any class of questions of a discretionary
character; and therefore the judges of this
District, judges whose jurisdiction is local,
not within the limit of any State, and judges
within the Territories, have been held to be
within the power of Congress. It must neces-
sarily be so. The judges of a Territory only
hold a temporary power, a temporary jurisdic-
tion for a limited time, while the Territory is
passing through a state of preparation. When
the State is organized, then, as a matter of
course, the judge of the district court of the
United States must hold for good behavior
under the Constitution of the United States ;
because then his jurisdiction becomes general.
But a police judge in this District has never
been held to be a judge of the United States.
The Senator himself admits away his whole
argument by saying that a justice of the peace
may be appointed in this District for a limited
term of three years. Why? Does the Con-
stitution make any distinction between a judge
of a court of record and a judge of a court that
is not of record? Not at all. "Inferior
courts," is the language of the Constitution,
and it extends to all judicial tribunals, notonly
the Supreme Court, but all inferior courts.
That certainly would include a court that is
not a court of record; it would include a jus-
tice of the peace; it would include any tri-
bunal that has judicial powers, that passes
upon the rights of citizens or the crimes of
citizens. The justices of the peace in this
District have judicial power; they are inferior
tribunals ; thay pass upon a man who is arrested
for assault and battery ; they try cases where
less thai: $100 is involved ; they have judicial
power; they are inferior tribunals, and yet
tlu.'y are not courts of the United States.
1 must therefore object if the conscientious
and constitutional scruples of the Senator
from Wisconsin are to compel this court to be
made of live judges, to hold their offices for
life or during good behavior, when they are
merely appointed for the subordinate duties of
police regulation. It seems to me that while
the Senator from South Carolinais desirous to
pass his bill, he is yielding a point of vitalim-
porlance. These inferior officers ought not to
hold their offices for more than three years, in
my judgment, or at the inost four years. Men
will be appointed without established reputa-
tions. 1 remember, as one of the first acts of
the war—the Senator from Illinois will prob-
ably remember—that it was necessary here to
legislate to reorganize the courts of this Dis-
trict, in order to get rid of a judge once who
was holding office here.
Mr. CARPENTER. You can do that at
any tune.
Mr. SHERMAN. He was appointed under
a law by which he held for good behavior. I
think it has not been held in auy case, cer-
tainly not in any case tried in the courts, that
the judges of this District or judges of the
Territories are judges of the courts of the
United States. The distinction is made for
the simple reasou that within a State our juris-
diction is limited expressly to certain defined
powers; within this District our jurisdiction
is unlimited.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will allow
me to interrupt him. That does not go to the
quality of the court, whether it is a Federal
court or not; it goes to the extent of its pow-
ers. Here in the District the Federal courts
have all subjects committed to them; in the
States they have only certain subjects com-
mitted to them, but one is as much a court
of the United States as the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is not "the judicial
power of the United States" which is exer-
cised only within the States. Here we have
the same power that the Legislature of a State
would have. *
Mr. CARPENTER. But still Federal pow-
ers, because the Constitution of the United
States confers them upon us.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a distinction
between the power of this Government exer-
cised in States and the power of this Govern-
ment exercised in this District. Where is the
warrant of law for passing the various bills we
pass in regard to this District? It grows out
of that clause of the Constitution which gives
to us exclusive jurisdiction in this District,
and that clause itself draws the distinction
between our power in the District and our
power in the States. But I do not wish to
argue this matter. I only wish to say that if
the constitutional scruples of the Senator from
Wisconsin make him oppose this bill unless
these judges are appointed for life or good
behavior, in my judgment we ought not to
organize a court of that kind having inferior
jurisdiction and authorize the judges to hold
their offices during life beyond the reach of
any power except the power of impeachment.
Mr. STEWART. I will not detain the Sen-
ate, but I think there is a wide distinction
between the power exercised by the United
States in organizing courts in the Territories
and in this District from what there is in
organizing a court of the United States. The
language of the Constitution is:
" The judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court, and in such interior
courts as the Congress may, from time to time,
ordain and establish."
That is "the judicial power of the United
States." It is admitted that in the Terri-
tories the courts there organized are not
courts of,the United States. The Supreme
Court of the United States has so held fre-
quently, and in a recent case particularly,
which is oniy a reiteration of what they have
held a dozen times. It comes under the power
of the United States to govern the Territories,
and they establish courts that are not courts
of the United States at all. The direct ques-
tion was raised in the Supreme Court that it
being a judicial power, and it being Within
the territorial limits of the United States,
therefore when a judge was appointed he was
appointed for life in the Territories. Judge
McLean, of Ohio, dissented from the majority
of the court in the Minnesota case, on the
ground thatall the power the United States had
to establish courts anywhere was derived
from this clause of the Constitution, and that
required them to hold during good behavior.
The majority of the court, however, held that
the power was not derived from this clause of
the Constitution to establish judicial courts,
and, therefore, Congress could limit the term
for four years or the President could remove.
As far as the Territories arc concerned,
legislation of this kind would certainly be in
accordance with usage for many years and
sustained by decisions of the Supreme Court.
Now a distinction is sought to he made be-
tween the Territories and this District. If
the power to govern this District is more
exclusively vested in Congress than the power
to govern the Territories, I am not able to
make the distinction. I cannot understand
why the power here is any more absolute than
it is there. On the contrary, the reason why
they drew the distinction and declared that
the term might be limited in the Territories,
being under the jurisdiction of the United
States, was because that jurisdiction was ex-
clusive, and because there was no State juris-
diction to interfere with it. The same reason
would apply here. 1 cannot see any distinc-
tion at all. Congress having the absolute
power here, this is not one of the courts of
the United States contemplated by that clause
of the Constitution any more than a court in
the Territories.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me very obvious
that we cannot get through with this bill to-
day. We have launched on the interminable
sea of constitutional law, and there is no telling
when debate on that subject will end. I think
we had better proceed with the consideration
of the deficiency bill, and finish that up this
afternoon.
_ Mr. SAWYER. To-day was assigned for
bills from the District of Columbia Com-
mittee.
Mr. COLE. One hour.
Mr. SAWYER. The day was assigned for
