1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1637
million dollars a year, and if you go on with
this Bureau of Education it will soon be the
most expensive department of this Govern-
ment. The only way is to stop.
Mr. SAWYER. I disclaim, as you, Mr.
President, were well aware, I would, any
purpose of taking advantage of the situation
when the Senator from Wisconsin is not in his
place in the Senate to repeat the arguments he
made on this subject the other day, though I
think there is a very full and complete answer
to those arguments if it were worth while to
detain the Senate to go into it at this moment.
This is a very small addition to what is itself
a very small appropriation considering the
objects for which it is devoted. Without wish-
ing to debate the question, I think if the Sen-
ator from Ohio will really go to that Bureau
of Education and see all the work they do
there, and find out what a vast amount of
inquiries which are really necessary to be
made are able to be answered by that bureau,
and what valuable statistical information they
get together, he would cease his opposition to
it except on the general principle which he
maintains and which was maintained the other
day by the Senator now in the chair, of the
unconstitutionality of the bureau. As that
question may be considered a question decided
by the fact that for half a dozen years we have
been mating appropriations for this bureau,
and that we have been making appropriations
for the Agricultural Bureau, which rests pre-
cisely on the same foundation constitutionally
as this—as thatquestion maybe considered as
having been decided, it is simply a question
whether we will give this bureau money enough
to do well the work it has to do, or whether
we will keep it within such narrow limits that
it can only do it with the utmost difficulty.
Now, one word in reference to the character
of the information they seek. The informa-
tion they seek to collect and publish to the
country is information which it is necessary
for the good of the people should be collected.
The power to collect it rests precisely on the
same basis as the power to collect a large
amount of statistics and facts which are col-
lected when we take the census. The Consti-
tution requires an enumeration of the people ;
that is all. The Constitution does not require
or authorize you to collect statistics of how
many bushels of rice, or how-many bushels of
wheat, or of crops of other kinds are gathered
in each year; and yet that is done. There
is just as much power in the Constitution to
collect statistics with regard to this interest
of education as with regard to the interest
of commerce, agriculture, or manufactures.
The question was asked the other day why
did we not have a bureau of boots and shoes.
Sir, we do have a bureau of boots and shoes.
We have a Statistical Bureau in the Treasury
Department at work all the time gathering sta-
tistical facts in regard to every branch of man-
ufactures and commerce ; and they have not
the paltry force we ask for here, but a force
three or four times as large, constantly at work
and publishing the statistics they collect, for
what? To enable the President at stated times
to lay before Congress the condition of the
country. If the President is required by the
Constitution at stated periods to lay before
Congress a statement of the condition of the
countiy, I ask you how he can do it without a
collection of the materials which go to make
up that condition. I hope, without detaining
the Senate longer, we may have a vote on the
amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I shall detain the Senate
but a little while in reply to a few of the re-
marks just made by the Senator from South
Carolina. He tells us that if I could see how
many letters of inquiry are received at this
Bureau of Education, what a demand there is
upon it for light and knowledge, I would cease
my opposition to this appropriation if I could
overcome my constitutional scruples. In reply
to that, I have to say to him that'if he will
establish a distinct bureau for anything in the
world, he will have just as many inquiries. To
take the illustration that was put the other day
by the Senator who now occupies the chair,
and which was referred to just now by the
Senator from South Carolina ; if you were to
establish a bureau with relation to boots and
shoes you would have just as many inquiries,
just as many letters written to it, just as many
demands for pamphlets and circulars, as this
Bureau of Education has.
He says we already have a Bureau of Statis-
tics in the Treasury Department. Why not
then let that Bureau of Statistics collect all the
statistics? Where is the necessity of a sepa-
rate and distinct Bureau of Education to grow
up into a great department of public instruc-
tion ? That is the question. The question
is whether this thing shall go on growing until
it becomes one of the Departments of this
Government.
Now, sir, in regard to the constitutional
question, I do not intend to go into any
lengthy argument. The only foundation what-
soever for the existence either of the Agricul-
ture Department or of the Bureau of Educa-
tion is that Congress may provide for obtain-
ing statistics that will be useful to Congress in
legislation, that it may acquire statistics ; and
only to the extent that these bureaus are en-
gaged in the acquisition of statistics is there
any foundation whatsoever in the Constitution
for their existence, in my humble judgment.
I never have denied thai Congress may pro-
vide for the acquisition of statistics, either by
means of a census or by means of a Bureau
of Statistics, for they may be necessary in
order to enlighten us upon subjects of legis-
lation. And therefore it is just as proper to
get them as it is to purchase a library for Con-
gress, that we may be informed by the books
in the library. That is all right enough ; but
that is not the chief thing with this Depart-
ment of Agriculture or with this Bureau of
Education. The collection of statistics for
the use of Congress in legislation is not the
chief thing, by any manner of means. The
collection of statistics is not one fourth the
expense of those bureaus or Departments; not
one tenth of the expenditures incurred by the
Department of Agriculture, perhaps not one
fourth of the expenditures of the Bureau of
Education. Appropriations are made to en-
able these bureaus to disseminate knowledge,
it is said. The Department of Agriculture is
engaged in disseminating knowledge amunj!
the farmers of the country. The Bureau of
Education is to go on disseminating knowledge;
in other words, to become the great national
schoolmaster of the country. That is not col-
lecting statistics for the use of the legislator
at all; that is setting up a bureau ot public
instruction ; that is taking the subject of edu-
cation into the hands of the Federal Govern
inent; that is taxing the people for purpose?
of education; that is doing what there is no
constitutional authority to do. I hope that
the Senate will set its face againsL the con-
tinuance and annual growth of this bureau,
which is soon to become a great department
to take the education of the people of this
country into its hands.
Mr. COLE. I do not rise to find fault with
my friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Education and Labor, but rather to commend
him for discharging what is undoubtedly re-
garded as a duty on his part to that portion
of the administration of the Government over
which he is supposed to be a supervisor and
to have some considerable control.
It will be remembered that this is a new
bureau, a new institution, established only a
very few years ago. It is now under trial; it
is doing pretty well; it has done pretty well in
the past; and the appropriations for it that
are embodied in the bill, and the organization
of it as recognized in this bill, seem to be
sufficient for the purpose of testing its virtues
and its usefulness for the future. The
appro-
priations in the bill are pretty iiberal. There
is an appropriation of §13,000, for example,
for the collection of statistics and writing and
compiling matter for annual and special re-
ports, and editing, &c. ; another appropriation
of $1,260 for contingencies, and so on. I
think the organization had better be left as it
is in the law establishing the bureau, and the
appropriations left as they are proposed in
this bill as it came to us from the House of
Representatives, which will be simply sup-
porting the law as it is.
At some subsequent time, my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Education and
Labor, can bring up this subject and have a
reorganization of this bureau if its usefulness
shall hereafter warrant that; but I hope he
will not undertake it in this bill, but let the bill
pass as it came to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives in harmony with the laws organ-
izing that department.
Mr. SAWYER. One word only, and that
is to correct a misapprehension ot the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations. I
regret that he and I differ m reference to the
facts about the organization of this bureau.
This amendment does not disturb the organiza-
tion of the bureau at all. It was originally
organized as a department of education, but
was subsequently made a bureau, subject to
and reporting to the Interior Department.
We have provided here from year to year for
the force in that bureau as in every other. We
simply add two or three persons to it by this
amendment, and give a special fund to do
specific things. I trust we shull have a vote on
it now, and that the Senate will adopt the
amendment.
Mr. COLE. That is the very point to which
I alluded, that it is adding three or four other
officers, and to that extent reorganizing the
bureau.
Mr. SAWYER. In the same way that we
add clerks in any other bureau.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the amendment of
the Senator from South Carolina will prevail.
Indeed, I can see no ground of opposition,
unless you are prepared, like my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Tihjrman,] to reject all legislation
on this subject, to reject the whole idea of a
Bureau of Education. Now, I welcome that
idea. I believe it important aud beneficent.
In other years I welcomed the Bureau of
Agriculture. We now call it the Department
of Agriculture. I think that has sustained aud
commended itself, so that it is now a favorite
of the country. Nobody asks us to cut down
the appropriations tor that Department. 1
do not doubt that the time will come, and very
soon, when the Buieau of Education will
enjoy equal favor, perhaps, indeed, will stand
higher, inasmuch as education is higher than
agriculture. Important as agriculture unques-
tionably is, mighty as one ot the great inter-
ests of our Republic, it is, if possible, less
important and less mighty than education^ I
think, therefore, that any argument which will
strike down the Bureau of Education must
also strike down the Department of Agricul-
ture. Now, as I understand, the pending mo-
tion is simply for increased efficiency m this
new bureau. If the bureau is worthy of the
place it already enjoys, it ought to be made
efficient. What is worth doing is worth well
doing, aud I know nothing better worth doing
than education. Therefore let it be well done.
Help it., aud the country will be better.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
fextek in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask for the yeas -and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. 1 merely wish to correct one
remark of the Senator from Massachusetts.
