1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4325
received, or disability incurred in the line of
duty, then the term of enlistment shall be
deducted from the time heretofore required to
perfect, title, without reference to the length
of time he may have served j 'provided, how-
ever, that no patent shall issue to any home-
stead settler who has not resided upon, im-
proved, and cultivated his said homestead for
a period of at least one year after he shall
commence his improvements as aforesaid.
The bill in its second section provides that
any person entitled, tinder the provisions of
the foregoing scciion, to enter a homestead
who may have heretofore entered, under the
homestead laws, a quantity of land le^s than
one hundred and Sixty acres, shall be per-
mitted to enter, under the provisions of this
act, so much land contiguous to the tract em-
braced in the first entry as, when added to the
quantity previously entered, shall not exceed
one hundred and sixty acres.
The bill in its third section provides that in
case of the death of any person who would be
entitled to a homestead under the provisions
of the first section of the act, his widow, if
unmarried,.or in case of her death or marriage,
then his minor orphan children, by a guardian
duly appointed and officially accredited at the
Department of the Interior, shall be entitled
to all the benefits enumerated in the act, sub-
ject to all the provisions as to settlement and
improvements therein contained; provided
that if such person died during his term of
enlistment, the whole term of his enlistment
shall be deducted from the time heretofore
required to perfect the title.
The bill in its fourth section provides that
where a party at the date of his eutry of a
tract of land under the homestead laws, or
subsequently thereto, was actually enlisted and
empioyed in the Army or Navy of the United
States, his services therein shitll, in the admin-
istration of said homestead laws, he construed
to be equivalent, to all intents and purposes,
to a residence for the same length of time
upon the tract so entered ; provided that if his
entry has been canceled by reason o£ ^ his
absence from said tract while in the military
or naval service of the United States, and sucli
tract has not been disposed of, his entry shall
be restored ; and provided further, that if such
tract has been disposed ol, said party may
enter another tract subject to entry under said
laws; and his right to a patent therefor may
be determined by the proofe touching his resi-
dence and cultivation of the first tract and his
absence therefrom in such service.
The bill in its fifth section provides that any
soldier, sailor, marine, officer, or other person
coming within the provisions of the act may,
as well by an agent as in person, enter upon
said homestead and file a declaratory state-
ment as in preemption cases; provided that
said claimant in person shall within the time
prescribed make his entry, commence settle-
ments and improvements on the same, and
thereafter fulfill all the requirements of the
act. . ., , i ,
The bill in its sixth section provides that the
Commissioner of the General Land Office shall
have authority to make all needful rules and
regulations to carry into effect the provisions
of the act. .
Mr. HAWLEY. I ask that this bill be put
upon its passage. It may seem to be a some-
what long .bill: but it is in fact a substantial
reeuactmeut of the law which we passed, and
which was approved 4th April last. The only
object in having further legislation on the sub-
ject is to enable the Commissioner of the
General Land Office better to execute the law.
There were two or thr#e points as to which
the Commissioner of the Land Otiice was in
doubt. He desired that those parts which
to him were not so clear as he desired, should
be made plain ; and this bill has been drafted
by him with that view. The amendment does
not at all touch the merits of the act. It does
not change the original text in such a way as
substantially to change its provisions. I have
in nay hand a statement- showing what esach
amendment is; and if desired I will explain
the changes to the House.
The only amendment in the first .section,
which,.it will be observed,, is th.e longest and
the main section of the bill, is simply that to
the first proviso, after the word "homestead,"
are added these words, " and filing his declar-
atory statement." The next amendment is in
the second section, where, after the word
" land," are added the words '* contiguous to
the tract embraced in the first entry so that
it shall provide that the additional eighty acres
the party shall take, if he had only taken
eighty before, shall be contiguous to those he
formerly occupied. This, as the House will
gee, does not materially affect the bill. The
next amendment is in the fourth section, and
strikes out immaterial words after the words
" his entry shall be restored."
The next amendment is to strike out the
word "shall" and insert the word "may."
The next amendment is in section five, to in-
sert after the word il homestead " and before
the word "provided" the words "by filing a
declaratory statementas in preemption cases."
It is well known to members ot the House
who have given any attention to the subject
and to the laws applicable to public lands that
under the homestead law it was necessary
that the party should be in possession when lie
made his application. That was not true in
reference to the preemption law. In the ori-
ginal bill we provided that the soldier should
have six months after locating his homestead
in which to enter upon his land. This amend-
ment provides that he shall make his affidavit
as in the case of a preemption settler, that is
before going upon the land at all. I think that
was clear enough before; but the Commis-
sioner of Public Lands does not think so, and
desires this amendment passed.
The only other amendment is in the same
■section to add after the word " prescribed,"
in the proviso, the words " make his actual
entry." It will be seen by the House that the
only object of these amendments is to better
enable the Commissioner of Public Lands to
execute the law. There is no substantial change
in the text, of the law; it reenacts the law, as a
whole, for the purpose of enabling the Com-
missioner of Public Lands the more conven-
iently to execute it. 1 hope the House wiil
pass the bill, so that the Commissioner can at
once go on and execute the law.
Mr. Speaker, the benefits to the soldiers
under this bill are so great that i trust i shall
have the support of every gentleman present
in favor of its passage. It credits the soldier
with the full time ot his service in the Army
as a part of his five years' settlement. If dis-
charged on account of wounds received or dip-
ability incurred in the line of duty, then he is
credited with the whole time of his enlistment.
In case of his death the benefits of the act are
extended to bis widow and children. It also
permits the soldier to take as a homestead a
quarter section of double minimum lands
within the limits of any railroad grant upon
the same terms and with the same advantages
as other lands. It also permits the soldier to
locate his homestead by au agent, and gives
him six months thereafter within_ which to
enter upon the land and commence his improve-
ments.
This will prove of great advantage to the
soldiers, as it enables those who desire to set-
tle in colonies to send^ out an agent to make
their locations, a thing they could not do
under previous laws. All those advantages
which I have mentioned the bill gives to the
soldier over other citizens.
Jlr. HOLM AN. 1 desire to say this: there
is a large class of soldiers, those disabled in
the service, who cannot avail themselves of
the benefit of this act, nor can their widows
or orphan children. I therefore ask that an
amendment may bfe made to this bill; to add
to the first section the following:
And provided further. That any private soTdier or
officer who served as aforesaid in the Army, or any
seaman, marine, or officer who served as aforesaid
in the Navy, who shall have been permanently dis-
abled while in such service, by wounds or disease
iucurred orcontraetedin such service in Jineofduty,
and who is receiving or shall receive a pension irom
the United States, and the widow and minor chil-
dren in the order named of any such sol'dier, sea-
man, marine, or officer who shall have died before
the pat.sa.go of this act, shall be entitled to enter one
hundred and sixty acres of land as above provided
for, and receive a patent therefor without actual
settlement thereon or cultivation thereof, and «my
make such entry by agent as aforesaid: but no sale
or assignment of the right to make sneh entry shall
be of any effect whatever; but such patent shall
issue to such soldier, seaman, marine, or officer,
widow, or minor children entitled to the same. Anu
no saleof suoh land or assignment or contract touch-
ing the same, or power ot attorney for sneh sale,
made prior to the issue of such patent, and the de-
livery of the same to such soldier, seaman, marine,
officer, widow, or minor children, shall be of any
effect whatever, but shall be absolutely void. And
it shall be the duty of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, subject to the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, to prescribe rules for carrying
this provision into effect.
Mr. HAWLEY. In answer to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] I will say
that this bill has now passed the Senate and is
upon the Speaket's table. If it is amended,
iu any way it will have to go back to the Sea-
ate, and therefore will not, pass this session.
Mr. HOLMAN, There is fimple time to
pass it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Hawi.ey] has the right to try the
sense of the House on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will not offer any amendment to
this bill. If he does it will delay the passage
of the bill, and the Commissioner of Public
Lands will not be able to execute the law till
the next session of Congress. If the gentle-
man deems his proposition an important one,
let him introduce it as an independent bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The country will not be
satisfied with the passage of this bill in its
present shape. A large class ot soldiers, dis-
abled in the service, their widows and or-
phans, would be vertually deprived of any
participation in the benefits of this act.
Mr. HAWLEY. Allow me to ask th-e gen-
tleman one question. Does he not believe this
to be a good bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. It is a good bill so far as
it goes ; it does not go far enough.
Mr. HAWLEY. Then let us pass it asit
is, and hereafter -we can .pass auother bill
which will go further.
Mr. HOLMAN. If this bill passes- in its
present shape, only those can avail themselves
of the benefit of it who are able to go upon the
public lands. I desire that the widows and
orphan children, and also the disabled soldiers,
shall have the benefit of the law without being
compelled to go upon the land and take pos-
session. , ,
Mr. HAWLEY. I move that the rules be
suspended and this bill passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will it be in order to move
to strike out the last proviso of the first sec-
tion of this bill ?
The SPEAKER. That will be in order if
the motion to suspend the rules and pass the
bill does not prevail.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the last proviso
of the first section be again read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, however. That no patent shall issue to
any homestead settler who has not resided upon,
improved and cultivated his said homestead for the
period of at least one year after he shall havo com-
menced his improvements as aforesaid.
Mr. HOLMAN. Either that proviso should
be stricken oat, or else there should be insert-
ed a provision that the widow, the orphan
child, and the disabled soldier shall not be
required to occupy and cultivate the land.
Mr. HAWLEY. I insist upon my motion
