1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8429
eincte, and sueh recommendation shall be filed with j
the appointment in the office of the clerk of the !
circuit court. |
Mr. CASSERLY. That does not limit the S
appointing power of the court at all. If it i
does, of course I am willing to change it in any j
way that will make it satisfactory. The pro- |
vision simply is that before any supervisor can i
be appointed by the court he shall have the
recommendation of two reputable citizens.
The court, is not bound to appoint any man
who brings that recommendation. It may
insist on the appointment of some other mail
who will have a like recommendation, or the
third or fourth man who comes forth with a
similar paper.
Mr. CARPENTEB. Allow me to make a
suggestion 
Mr. CASSERLY. The difficulty is, if the
Senator will allow me just one moment, that
the civil service reform of which the Senator
has had occasion to speak more than once in
this body did restrict or undertake to restrict,
the appointing power of the President to such
and such persons as a board might report as
qualified.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now, if my friend
will permit a suggestion, suppose some dis-
reputable person gets the recommendation of
two individuals from a town fifty miles dis-
tant, takes it to the judge aud demands his
appointment, and thejudge knows him to be
utterly disqualified. By law he must make the
appointment. He knows fifty men in the
town fit for it and knows this man is not fit;
and yet, if the section has any validity, lie is
bound to a,ppoint this bad man.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; he is not.
Mr. CARPENTER. He must make the
appointment; he cannot make it without the
recommendation of two persons in writing,
and this is the only man recommended. How
is he to help himself?
Mr. CASSERLY. The result of that would
be, that, according to the view of the Sen
ator from Wisconsin, the very first person who
offered a recommendation of two reputable
citizens would have to be appointed by the j
circuit judge. He would have neither choice
in the selection nor could he have any time to
consider the applications of others similarly
fortified. I do not think the provision is
amenable to any constitutional objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to. It would only compli-
cate the law to no purpose.
The question was put, and the Chair de-
clared that the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I regret very much that
the Senator from Indiana feels called upon to
- demand the rejection of every amendment. I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the Senator is late. When_ the Chair states
"the ayes appear to have it" or "the noes
appear to have it," and no Senator challenges
that declaration, it is not in order to rise to
debate the proposition and then call for the
yeas and na3rs, because, according to parlia-
mentary law, the Chair pauses but an instant
to allow his own judgment to be challenged.
But the Senator from California asks for the
yeas and nays, and the Chair will entertain the
call.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
laken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 31 ; as follows :
YKAS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly, Cooper, Davis of
West Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Johnston. Kelly, Norwood, Ransom,
Schurz, Stevenson. Stockton, and Thurman 14.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames Anthony, Boreinan[ Buck-
ingham, c.ildwell. Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton,
Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, llanagan,
Frelinghuvsen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Kellogg,
Morrill ot Maine, Morrill of \ crmont, Morton, iSye.
O^born, Pomeroy. Pool, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Stewart. Sumner, Windom, and Wright .51.
ABSENT—Messrs Alcorn. Bayard, Brownlow,
Chandlei, Cole, Cunkhng, Corbett. Davis of Ken-
tucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite,
Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Patterson,
Pratt, Ramsey, ltiee. Robertson,Sautsbury. Spencer,
Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, West, and
Wilson—29.-
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer another amend-
ment, as follows:
Sec. —. That it shall not be lawful for any super-
visor of election, or deputy marshal, or person ap-
pointed to execute process by court commissioners,
to call out or have any authority over any portion
of the land or naval forces of the United States, or
of the militia, under this act, or the acts to which
this act is amendatory.
Mr. President, whatever may be thought by
some of the supporters of this measure, who
seem determined to vote down all amend-
ments, I wish to say for myself, that after
being at the trouble of preparing and offering
these amendments, it is with an earnest desire
on my part to do something to make this a
fair bill. The Senator from Indiana declared
that to be his purpose in the beginning. I am
quite willing to test that declaration, but it
is not for that object alone, or in any great
degree even, that I offer these amendments.
Now, I call the attention of the Senate, or
of such Senators as probably have forgotten
the fact, that by section ten of the original act
still in force the commissioners of the courts
were authorized to appoint persons from time
to time to execute process issued by the com-
missioners in the performance of their duties
under the act. Then follows this most enorm-
ous provision, I believe perfectly unheard of
in any civilized Government ill this world
besides this:
"And the persons so appointed to execute any
warrant or process as aforesaid shall have authority
to summon and call to their aid the by-standers or
posse comitatm o£ tho proper county, or such portion
of the land or naval forces of tho United States, or
of the militia, as may be necessary to the perform-
ance of the duty with which they are charged. '
Of which they are to be the judge, both of
the necessity of employing them and of the
extent to which it is necessary. Now will any-
body seriously contend that such a provision
is defensible, or even excusable? What does
it do? It commits the most critical power
that the highest officer of this Government can
wield—that is, the employment of the Army
and Navy—to the hands of any one, of a hun
dred, or a thousand, or two thousand, or ten
thousand irresponsible persons appointed^ by
court commissioners to execute process. \V hy,
sir, neither in Prance nor in Russia, and cer-
tainly not in the countries of Europe which
boast free institutions, at least free in some
jl measure, could any minister or any ministry
n venture to propose such a provision of law.
j Why, sir, consider; the commissioners are not
infallible ; these appointments are very numer-
ous, made in the heat of a contested election.
Will you commit the peace and the security
of a whole community to any one ot those men
who in the execution of such process as is
given to him is armed with the power of call-
ing to his side the Army and Navy of the
United States?
The Senator from Indiana undertook to
make light of this list of supervisors and dep-
uty marshals appointed in New lork for the
election of 1870; he said it was apocryphal.
How does the Senator know that? It was
published in a leading journal there not once,
but twice or three times. Where was the con-
tradiction ? I never saw any contradiction of
it. The specifications are minute ; the name
of each man is given, his occupation, the dis-
trict for which he was appointed, and where
he was charged with guilt; the time and place
of the charge was mentioned. Where lie was
charged with being recently at the Slate pen-
itentiary or the State prison, all particulars
were furnished. I repeat, I have seen no de-
nial of these charges. And it is to men like
these, one of them a graduate of two State
prisons in as many different States, thatjou
propose to give that tremendous puwei. m a
time of high excitement, to call out ihe Array
and the Navy of the United States according
to their discretion! It is a frightful thing to
contemplate, sir. I am sure it was adopted,
as some other provisions in the original law
were adopted, improvidently and without sueh
consideration as the subject demanded. The
section is section ten of the first law—the law
of 1870.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is the bill that
the Democrats perfected the details of here for
all one night
Mr. CASSERLY, No, sir; the Senator
from Wisconsin and his associates were so much
in love with their ill-featured progeny that they
sat here and forbade any correction or amend-
ment of the production. They listened to our
debate, noted down everything, and themselves
stood like dumb sheep, I will say, without at-
tempting to defend, or to apologize, or to ex-
cuse the deformities of their offspring.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER, (Mr. Furry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator's
time lias expired.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to an incongruity in the
original act oil this subject. I agree with what
has been said by the Senator from California.
The proposition is to allow any one of these
deputy marshals to require tho Army to come
to his aid. Of course, under the provisions
of this act, the military officer is bound to
obey; otherwise the call amounts to nothing.
The idea that any deputy marshal may call
upon General McDowell, or some subordinate
of General McDowell's in the city of New
York, to take away the troops of the United
States to use as a posse, and that that is all in
the discretion of any one of these deputy mar-
shals, themselves irresponsible, and appointed
by an irresponsible power, is to my mind as
shocking a thing as you can possibly conceive.
But here is whatl want to call the attention
of the Senate to: that while this power is
given to these deputy marshals, the law docs
not intrust such power to the President him-
self, but only authorizes him to use the mili-
tary or naval forces when it is necessary to
execute judicial process. Those who were
here when the original act was parsed will
recollect that that was not the way the section
was originally drawn. The section as originally
drawn gave to the President complete power
to use the Army and the Navy for the purpose
of enforcing any of the provisions of the act;
but upon the fight which was made on that
bill, the bill was apparently to o strong even
for the majority themselves, and it was finally
amended so as only to confer upon tho Presi-
dent, the power to use the Army or Navy in
order to execute judicial process, and that is
embodied in the thirteenth section of the act.
But while the President cannot exercise this
power, cannot call on the Army or the .Navy
except to execute judicial process, here is the
tenth section, which provides:
"And tho better to enablo the said commissioners
to execute their duties faithfully and ollieicnuy, m
conformity with the Constitution of tbe Uniteu
fSUtes, and the requirements of this act, they arc
hereby authorized and empowered, within their dis-
tricts respectively, toappointm writing under their
hands-, any one or more suitable persons, from tiqj©
to time to ex ecu tea 11 such warrants and other process
may be issued by them in the lawful performance
ot their lespective duties; and the persons so ap-
pointed—"
That is, these persons appointed by commis-
sioners ((or the commissioners arc appointed
by the judges) to execute process—
"and tho persons so appointed to execute any
warrant or proce^ as aforesaid shall have authority
to summon and call to their aid the by-&U ndcrs or
noHHcaomitatv* of the proper county. <>r*uch poition
of tho land or naval force.* of the United States, or
of the mihtia as may be necessary to the perform-
ance of the duty with which they are charged, aud
to insure a faithful observance of the iiltoonth
amendment to the Constitution of the Vmteu Mates,
and such warrants ^hall run and be executed by saiu
officers anywhere in the State or lerntory within
which they are issued."
It does seem to me a most extraordinary
proposition that a mere appointee of a commis-
sioner of a circuit court ot the United Stato-*,
