3430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14;:
a man who is not a responsible man at all, I
■who is merely a special appointee to serve a j
process, should have the power which you 1
will not confer upon your President himself 1
to call forth the Army or the Navy of the
United States to assist him, and to do what?
To enforce "the fifteenth amendment to the
Constitution." That is a most, extraordin-
ary provision in the law. I say that it ought
to be stricken out. It is monstrous that it
should be here at all. I once more remind
the Senate that if it amounts to anything, the
General of the Army and all the Army within
his reach are bound to obey the mandate of
some little petty special bailiff appointed by a
little petty special commissioner of the circuit
court of the United States!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. THURMAN. On that let us have the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say that the
provision alluded to does not refer to any duty
performed by a supervisor under this act, but
refers to an officer appointed to execute pro-
cess ; a different thing entirely.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not hear the Sen-
ator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. 1 said that the section
alluded to by the Senator from California does
not refer to any duty performed by a super-
visor appointed under the provisions of this
act; but the duties to be performed by an
officer appointed to execute process issued by
a commissioner appointed by the circuit court
of the United States, a very different, thing.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does the Senator under-
stand that my amendment does not covcr those
persons so appointed by the commissioners to
execute process? They are specified in my
amendment.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Ohio
was discussing that seelion.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 ask that the amend-
ment. be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Carseiua'.
Mr. ROBERTSON'. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Delaware. [Mr.
Saulmsuuy.] If lie were here he would vote
'•yea," and I should vote ''nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 30; as follows:
YHAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Casserly, Cooper, ]
I>iiv is ut' West Virginia. Goldthwaite, Hamilton of 1
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston. Kelly, i
Norwood, Hansom, Spraf;uo,'Stoven.son, Stockton, i
Thurman, ;ujil Tipton—17. j
NAYS—Messrs. Ames Anthony, Boreman. Cam- |
cron, Carpenter, Clavton, Coin. Gorliott, CruRin, ,
Edmunds. Ferry ot Michigan, Flanagan. Freling- :
huysen, Italian, Hitchcock, [velloKS. Morrill of j
Maine, .Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osboril, j
Ponierov, Pool. Ramsey, Sawyer, Spcnccr, Sumner, j
West, Wilson, and Windoni— oO. _ !
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Bucking- 1
ham, Caldwell, Cliandier, ConkluiK, Davis ot Ken-
tucky. Fcnton, Ferry oi Connecticut, Gilbert, Ham-
lin, liill, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Patterson, Pratt,
Rico, Robertson, S.iulsbury. Sehura, Scott, Sher-
man, Stewart, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wright
So the amendment was rejected.
•Mr. CASSERLY. I move another amend-
ment, to insert the following additional section:
Sue.—.That no person shall bo appointed under
this act as supervisor of election who is not at tho
time of his appointment a qualified voter of the
election district or voting precinct for which ho is
appointed. No person shall be appointed deputy
marshal under this act or the acts to which this is
amendatory who is not a qualified voter at the time
of his appointment in the precinct where he resides.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senate has treated
me so well in adopting that amendment that I
shall not offer any more amendments. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. We would have compro-
mised upon that basis some time ago. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SPENCER. I hope that last amend-
ment will be reconsidered. In the State
which I have the honor in part to represent,
it is the law for all voters to vote anywhere in
the county in which they reside. They are
not confined to precincts.
Mr. COLE. It merely requires him to be a
voter in the precinct in which he resides.
Let it be read again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will report the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. The amendment has
been adopted.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read, that wo
may see what it is.
The amendment adopted on Mr. Cassehly's
motion was again read.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend by in-
serting the word "county" before the word
"election," so as to require him to be a res-
ident of "the county, election district, or
precinct."
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on tho amendment of the Senator trom
Alabama.
Mr. THURMAN. T hope the Senator will
see that there is no necessity for that.
Mr. COLE. The impracticable part of the
proposition is this: that the officer will be on duty
not in one precinct but oftentimes in several
precincts. It would not do to confine a dep-
uty marshal to duly, for example, in a littio
precinct of the city in which he happened to
reside. It ought to be allowed to put him
upon duty in the whole city.
Mr. CASSEKLY. My colleague misappre-
hends my amendment. In regard to supervis-
ors the amendment requires the supervisor
to be a voter of the precinct for which he is
appointed j but in regard to deputy marshals
it simply requires that they be qualified voters
of the precinct where they reside, not where
they are to act. Residence and suffrage go
together under our laws almost universally.
Mr. COLE. Perhaps I may not have un-
derstood the designation of the officer. Call
him a supervisor, for illustration, is he to be
a resident of the precinct for which he was
appointed?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. He will be on duty not in one
precinct but in many?
Mr. THLJRVIAN. Not at all. The super-
visor can only act in one precinct. He is to
be at the election.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think there is no ob-
jection to the amendment as adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think wo ought to in-
sert the word "county."
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to insert "parish"
as well as county.
Mr. SPENCER. I accept that amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. CASSIillLY. I supposed the amend-
ment was mine. I may not have any objec-
i tion to the amendment of the Senator from
i Vermont, or that of the Senator from Ala-
' bama; but, I would like to know what, it is.
I Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment of the
! Senator from California was agreed to. Now
the Senator from Alabama moves further to
amend by inserting the word " county," before
the words "election district," where they now
occur in the bill as amended—that is all;
and the Senator does not see any objection to
it. The Senator from Louisiana suggests that
in Louisiana they have no counties, but tho
divisions are called parishes, and therefore, as
descriptive , the word "parish" ought also to
be in, and 1 think he is right about it, and
he moves that amendment to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Alabama, who
accepts it, so that the pending question is
on inserting in t.he bill the words "county,
| parish," so that it will read, "county, parish,
! election district, or voting precinct."
1 Mr. KELLOGG. If the idea embraced in
i this amendment is so exceedingly brilliant as
to be an absolute monopoly, I will withdraw
"parish." ["No!" "No I"] Very well.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I wish is to under-
stand the nature of the amendment now pro-
posed. Is it an amendment proposed in
regard to the deputy marshals?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I have no great
objection, although I think it would bo much
better the other way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would make the law
inoperative in certain States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the section as proposed to be
amended by the Senator from Alabama,
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That no person shall be appointed under this act
ns supervisor of election who is not at tho time of
his appointment a qualified voter of tho county,
parish, election district, or voting precinct for which
he is appointed. No person shall bo appointod
deputy marshal under this aot.or tho nets to which
this is inuondatory, who is not a qualified voter at
the timo of his appointment iu tho county, parish,
district, or precinct whore he resides.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood that the
amendment applied only to deputy marshals.
When you come to apply it to supervisors it
seems to me that it becomes quite improper.
Mr. THURMAN. I can make a sugges-
tion to my friend from California that he will
see upon reflection that the amendment is not
out of the way.. In some of the States all the
votes of tbo county are taken at one place.
Then the amendment offered by the Senator
from Alabama would properly apply. There
are going to be two supervisors appointed, then,
for that'eounty. 1 do not know how it is in
Louisiana, but it may be that all the votes in a
certain parish are taken at one place.
Mr. KELLOGG. I think not.
Mr. THURMAN. Then there is really no
necessity for applying the word " parish but
that makes no greatdifference. What, I suggest
to my friend from Californiais that these words
are to bo taken singula singulis, as lawyers say,
and on any fair interpretation, where the elec-
tions are all held at one place in the county, it
is sufficient that the supervisors should be elect-
ors in the county ; but where the elections are
hold in the precincts of the county the words
must be taken to mean that the supervisors
must be electors of that precinct, and not of
some other partof the county. That would be
the true interpretation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think it would.
Mr. MORTON. It is suggested to me that
this amendment offered by the Senator from
Alabama should have a wider scope; _ that
it should be sufficient if he was a resident
of the county without being required to be
a resident of that particular voting precinct,
for this reason : it is said that there are many
voting precincts where the voters are all of one
party, and it has happened a great many times
in the South in the last two or three years
that men of a particular party were afraid to
go to the polls in a particular precinct or
township, and that men of a particular party
would be afraid to accept such appointments.
That, perhaps, is one of the reasons that have
made this law a necessity. Therefore the
amendment suggested by the Senator from
Alabama should perhaps receive the construc-
tion that if a man is a resident of the county
and a voter iu the county, it should be suffi-
cient.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the SenatorIrom
Alabama, as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered t,o be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. THURMAN. On the passage of the
bill I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does the five-minutes
rule extend to this stage of the bill ? [" Oh,
yes!"]
Mr. EDMUNDS. There was only five-min-
utes debate on amendments.
