1638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
There is no purpose in the bill to strike down
the Bureau of Education.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 16; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Edmunds, Ferry of
Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Ereling-
huysen, Gilbert, Harlan, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye.^Pomeroy, Pool,
Rice, Sawyer, Seott, and Sumner—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Carpenter, Cole,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Saulsbury, Sher-
man. Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, and Vickers—16.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Caldwell, Casserly, Colliding, Corbett. Cragin, Davis
of Kentucky, Fenton, Goidthwaite, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Morrill of
Maine, Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Robert-
son, Schurz. Spencer, Stevenson, Stewart, Tipton,
Trumbull, West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—32.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after line eight hundred
and sixty-five, page 36:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and ho is
hereby, directed, within six months after the pas-
sage of this act, to remove or sell, at his discretion,
the machinery and a.U the movahle property belong-
ing to the United States now in the building and
grounds heretofore occupied by the United States
as a branch mint, situate in the oity of New Orleans,
and bounded by Esplanade street, Barracks street.
Levee street, and the public road, and to surrender
to the authorities of the said city of New Orleans
the buildings and grounds above described.
I will trouble the Senate with but a word
regarding this amendment. Itwiil be remem-
bered that this is the amendment that 1 offered
in Committee of the Whole. Upon the motion
to lay it upon the table made by my honorable
friend from California [Mr. Cole] Senators
will remember the motion was lost. I with-
drew the amendment, however, until the bill
should be reported to the Senate, for the pur-
pose of enabling myself and others to look into
the law regarding the sale of branch mints.
The question then arose as to whether there
had been a law passed by Congress directing
the Secretary of the Treasury to abandon the
branch mint at New Orleans. My honorable
friend from Ohio [Mr. ThuumanJ interposed
an objection to the amendment as it then stood.
It will be remembered that the amendment I
first offered provided that the branch mint
should he reestablished within six mouths, or
revert to the city under (lie terms of the grant
of the property upon which the branch mint
stands made by the city of New Orleans lo the
United States Government in 1835. My hon-
orable friend from Ohio made the point of non-
user, butremarked that if it appeared that there
was alawof Congress authori/.inc;theSeeretary
to abandon the mint, that would be in his judg-
ment a sufficient answer to that point, and the
property ought, to be surrendered to the city.
It will be remembered that my honorable
friend from Ohio, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, [Mr. Sherman.] reported
a hill striking out the clause providing for the
reestablishment of the mint which was embraced
in the amendment I offered in Committee of
the Whole.
Now, in reply to the objection made by the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] in refer-
ence to n©n-user, I desire to call attention to
an appropriation bill, approved July 23, 1866,
one section of which reads as follows:
" That the Secretary of the Treasury bo, and he
is hereby, authorized, at his discretion, to remove
the whole or any portion of the machinery, appa-
ratus, and fixtures of the branch mints of the United
States at New Orleans, Charlotte, and Dahlonega,
to such other branch mints as in his opinion may
require the same, or at his discretion to discontinue
the branch mints at Now Orleans, Charlotte, and
Dahloncga, and to dispose of the property belonging
thereto, if he shall deem it expedient, at public
auction to tho highest bidder."
All these branch mints have been discon-
tinued, I believe, and the fixtures and machin-
ery sold under this law except the branch mint
at New Orleans. When it was attempted by
the Secretary to put this law into operation
the condition of the grant of cession from the
city of New Orleans precluded him from dis-
posing of this property, and by an express
provision in the deed of cession it was pro-
vided that in the event of a discontinuance of
the branch mint the property should revert to
the city.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
thought it was improper to move an amend-
ment of this kind to an appropriation bill.
Sir, the section I have just read was moved
and carried to an appropriation bill of the
same nature as the one now pending. Now,
sir, as I am disposed to admit that there is no
immediate necessity for reestablishing the
branch mint at New Orleans, and as it meets
the view of the Committee on Finance, who
have reported this bill, I have concluded to
accept the amendment as reported by them,
embracing simply the proposition to return to
the city of New Orleans the property deeded
in 1835 by the city upon the express condition
that a branch mint should be maintained, and
that if at-any time the branch mint was dis-
continued the properly should revert to the
city. That is all that I ask. I only ask that
the conditions of the grant be complied with.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. COLE. I have but a few remarks to
make on the subject. The first part of the
amendment is embodied in the law which the
Senator read authorizing the Secretary to sell
the machinery in this among other branch
mints. So there can be no necessity for that
branch of the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator for a moment. The distinction
between that act of Congress and the amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana is this :
that act leaves it discretionary with the Secre-
tary, a discretion he has not seen fit to exer-
cise in regard to this particular mint, though
he has in regard to the others; but this amend-
ment makes it mandatory upon him.
Mr. COLE. That brings me directly to
another point. The Secretary has not seen
fit to do this, and probably he may have suf-
ficient reasons for not doing it. 1 remember
that but the other day the Senator from Lou-
isiana, who now presents this amendment in
this form, was exceedingly anxious to retain
an assay office and mint in New Orleans, and
he made a long and vigorous and powerful
argument in favor of that proposition. Now
lie offers an amendment to surrender up this
property to the city of New Orleans.
Mr. IvTCLLOGG. The Senator surely does
not intend to misrepresent me.
Mr. COLE. Not at all.
Mr. KELLOGG. The amendment that I
offered the other day was in the exact lan-
guage, word for word, of this amendment, with
the exception that it also contained this clause:
"Provided, That tho Secretary of the Treasury
may reestablish tho branch mint at any tune within
six months, in which caso this scction shall bo null
and void.''
Mr. COLE. The Senator does not touch
the point to which I was alluding, and I will
repeat it again. The Secretary in all prob-
ability had a good reason for not exercising
his discretion and disposing of that property.
Mr. WEST. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. COLE. Assuredly.
Mr. WEST. Does the Senator think there
ought to be a branch mint established at New
Orleans?
Mr. COLE. That i3 not the question before
the Senate.
Mr. WEST. Yes,itis. The drift of the Sena-
tor's argument is that there should be one.
Mr. COLE. The Secretary of the Treasury
probably has somereason why he hasnotexer-
cised the discretion that he had under the
law which the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Kellogg] has just read, and it conforms to the
argument the Senator made here the other
day, with a good deal of emphasis, that there
was a necessity for a branch mint at that place.
Mr. THURMAN. The reason why he has
not exercised the authority given him is that
he has the use of this building, without paying
any rent for it, for the offices of the General
Government. He does not think of establish-
ing a mint there any more.
Mr. COLE. Very well. Has that proposi-
tion been fully considered, whether the Gov-
ernment will surrender up property that it is
now using and which is in law its own, I appre-
hend? If it is not the property of the United
States, then there is no necessity for this amend-
ment to make it the property of somebody else.
If the property is in the Government of the
United States at this time, the United States is
saving rent by having possession of the prop-
erty.
Mr. President, this is another sample of legis-
lation on an appropriation bill. It is a propo-
sition to legislate on an appropriation bill.
When an appropriation bill is before the Sen-
ate, it should be confined to the legitimate
subjects of such a bill, to the formal business
of making appropriations for the service of
the Government. Senators are often absent
while such bills are considered, as we see
now empty chairs all around. They are ab-
sent in tho expectation that the husiness of
the Senate will be confined to the legitimate
duty of making appropriations to carry out
existing laws when such a bill isbefore the
body. How are we to know that Senators
who take an interest in a measure of legisla-
tion like this are not at this time absent?
The presumption is that they are absent. A
measure of this kind ought to be considered
in a full Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I desire to make
a suggestion to my friend to see if I am cor-
rect. As I understand the amendment, tho
Senators from Louisiana want Congress to
pass an act to aid a forfeiture of the property
of the United States. I do not think that is
the business of Congress. If they go to the
courts, the courts will construe every forfeiture
with the greatest possible strictness; but why
we should be called upon to aid a forfeiture of
United States property, [ cannot understand.
Mr. COLE. Tho property is either that of
the United States or it is not. If it is the prop-
erty of the United States, the United States
need it, and we ought not to surrender it up
on this bill. If it is not, there is a legal rem-
edy for obtaining it. I have nothing more to
say.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It must be
obvious to the Senate that a practice is grow-
ing up here by which we arc to pass only one
bill at a session. Senators representing oiher
committees seem disposed, as is evidenced
here to-day, to bring forward every measure
that has been reported by their committees
and put it on a bill of this kind. Now, sir,
when this subject was first discussed I was
somewhat disposed to surrender all the rights
of the United States to the mint at New
Orleans at once to the city and be rid of it;
but I thought it was a question of sufficient
magnitude to be considered by itself in the
Senate, and it was reported here as a bill to
be considered by itself. Now the Senator from
Louisiana attempts to foist it upon this bill to
evade apparently the discussion to which it
would be subjected as a separate measure.
Certainly a bill that involves $>1,000,000 ought
to receive something more than a five minutes'
discussion in this body. It appears by the
Senator's own bill that it is a problematical
case whether the United States may want this
mint for future use or not, for in the bill, as
introduced by himself, he proposes that the
United States may resume and continue the
operations of a mint and assay office at New
Orleans.
We have already passed upon the question
of continuing the mint in North Carolina and
propose to'make an appropriation to continue
that. If there is any reason for continuing
