1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1689
a branch mint anywhere, there are stronger
reasons for continuing such an establishment
at New Orleans than in any other portion of
our Southwestern country. I am persuaded
that we shall have to build either an assay
or a mint and resume operations in some
quarter of the Southwest of this country. We
are constantly increasing the products of gold
and silver in our Territories, and we have got
to provide a place at some point nearer than
Philadelphia for an assay office.
Therefore, under these opinions thus briefly
expressed, I am opposed to the adoption of
this amendment on this bill, and I move to
lay it on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will with-
draw it to accommodate the Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. As I took part in this
discussion the other day I feel it but due to
the Senator from Louisiana and the Senate to
gay something upon it now, because I have
looked into the subject since the matter was
brought up the other day, and 1 am perfectly
satisfied in my own mind that good taith and
common honesty on the part of this Govern-
ment require the adoption of the measure pro-
posed by the Senator from Louisiana in the
shape in which it now is. Tn the shape in which
it was presented the other day it contemplated
the reconstruction of the mint at New Orleans,
and in that shape it was objectionable to me.
Now it proposes to do what? To give back
to the owner of that property her own prop-
erty, for it is her own property the moment
that this Government definitely determines
not to use it as a mint. By the very terms
of the grant, when this Government determ-
ines to cease to use that property as a mint,
it is to revert to the city ot New Orleans. That
is the grant. We hold it upon no other title
than that.
Now, sir, the Government is bound in com-
mon honesty to make a determination, if it can
make it now sensibly. I agree that the Gov-
ernment is not bound to make a determina-
tion before it can sensibly make it; but if it
is clear to Senators that a determination can
sensibly be made now, simple honesty requires
it to be made; and it is a want of good faith
if the Government does not make it.
Then what is the state of the ease? My
friend from Vermont says that perchance you
may need an assay office there. That will not
save your property from a reversion. The
language of the grant is that if the United
States shall determine to discontinue its use
as a mint,, (and no one knows better than the
Senator the difference between a mere assay
office and a mint,) it shall revert to the city.
An assay office is not a mint at all. Nearly
all the assay offices in the country are in the
hands of private individuals; but all the mints,
the establishments which coin the money—
the very word meaning to coin money—are all
necessarily Government institutions; for no
man, and not even a State, can coin money;
nobody but the United States. This grant is
upon condition that the Government shall
keep that, up as a place where money shall be
coined; and it is upon that condition alone
that we have any right to the property. We
shall not save it, therefore, by having a mere
assay office there.
Now, what says the Director of the Mint?
What says Mr. Knox, the best informed man
on this subjectofany man perhaps in the Uni-
ted States, in his official report ? That there
is no probability that the Government will ever
want to coin money atNew Orleans; and any-
body who will reflect on the subject for a mo-
ment will see that there is no probability of it.
It is idle to suppose that ore will be brought
thousands of miles, perhaps, or say only hun-
dreds of miles, to New Orleans to be assayed
and minted there, when it can be done for one
third the expense right in the vicinity where
the ore is obtained, and when we have already
a mint at Carsen City, another at San Fran-
cisco, and another at Philadelphia. To sup-
pose that the Government will bring ore, or
that individuals will be at the expense of
transporting ore from the mines to New Or-
leans to be assayed and coined there, is simply
to shut our eyes to all probabilities. There is
not the least probability in the world of any
such thing, and the consequence, therefore, is
simply this, that if the Government will not
make a determination, which it oughtlo make
at once, which it is bound in good faith to
make at once; if it will not avow its determ-
ination according to what is really its determ-
ination, that it will not have a mint at New
Orleans any longer, then we hold that prop-
erty until we are turned out of it by a court of
law, perhaps fifteen or twenty years, when
non-user has grown into a bar of our right and
created a reversion that cannot be contro-
verted ; we hold on to a property which
we have no idea of using according to the
terms of the grant made to us; and what is
that but simply bad faith ? Let the Govern-
ment be honest in this business. It will cost
the Government, as a mere matter of econ-
omy, far less to give up this property now
than it would to institute a mint at New Or-
leans and keep it up with the expenses attend-
ant upon it. As a money-saving operation it
would be a great deal better that we should
do it.
One word more. The Senator talks about
.$1,000,000 being involved. Whose property
was this? It was the property of the city
of New Orleans. The Government of the
United States never had anything but the usu-
fruct in it. It never had any fee in the prop-
erty. It never had any more than a possess-
ory right to possess that property so long as
it should use it in a particular way. The
Government never gave a dollar for the prop-
erty. Now what is it the Government will
give up if it ceases to use the property accord-
ing to the terms of the grant? A few old
buildings.
Mr. KELLOGG. Only one.
Mr. THURMAN. One old building. I did
not know, looking at the expense that I saw
had been incurred in regard to that mint, but
that it might be a very valuable building. I
learn that it is not so. As to the personal prop-
erty, the Government keeps that as a matter
of course ; and as to the value of this old
building, probably it will not more than pay
for the use of the property since the Govern-
ment has ceased to use it as a mint.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know that
Mr. Knox is very learned on the subject of
mints and coinage, but I would not take his
opinion on the question as to whether we needed
a mint at New Orleans any quicker than I
would the opinion of the Senator from Ohio.
That Senator is as capable of judging whether
we need a mint at New Orleans as Mr. Knox.
I have no doubt at all, from what I have
discovered, that if we abolish this mint now
and surrender it, the Senators from Louisiana
will be here within the next six years asking
for a new appropriation to buy a site and erect
a building for a new mint there.
The Senator talks about this mint building
being of little or no value. Why, sir, it cost
nearly six hundred thousand dollars, and the
supervising architect reports that it is in good
repair, and for $10,000 he could put it in oper-
ating, working shape.
Mr. THURMAN. I will ask the Senator
if that does not include all the machinery and
fixtures ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is
another point in the case. We originally
appropriated $200,000 for the site. I do
not know what has become of that money.
I have tried to find out, but have been un
able to ascertain. It does not appear in the
document by which it was leased to us that
we paid anything for it, and yet previous to
that time $200,000 was appropriated for'the
site.
I think this is a question of sufficient mag-
nitude to be considered in a bill by itself. In
relation to our rights there, we have a right
to choose our own time when we will determ-
ine the question whether we will keep it or
not, or remove the buildings, if we see fit.
There is no question about our legal right to
remove the building or sell the materials on
the lot, and until this question is legislatively
determined, determined by Congress, it will
not be determined at all. I move to lay the
amendment on the table.
Mr. WEST. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 24; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cole, Edmunds, Ferry of
Connecticut. Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton ot Texas, Harlan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pratt, Schurz,
Sherman, Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull,Vickers. Wiil-
dom, and Wright—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Bayard, Boreman, Chand-
ler, Clayton, Corbett, i'erry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Hill. Hitchcock, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Norwood,
Nye, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Spencer, Steven-
son, Stockton, Thurman, and West—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Caldwell, Cas-
serly, Conkline, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Davisof West Virginia, Fenton, Goldthwaite, Ham-
lin, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Osborn, Patterson, Pom-
eroy. Robertson, Saulsbury, Scott, Stewart. Sum-
ner, and Wilson—24.
So the amendment was laid on the table.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I desire to give
notice from the Committee on Agriculture of
the amendment which 1 indicated, increasing
the salary of the Commissioner of Agriculture
from $3,000 to §>4,000, and move that it be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
so referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to add at the
end of the amendment which was adopted on
the motion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] "And the annual salary of the
district judge of the northern district qf Illi-
nois shall be $5,000." I do not propose to
make any appropriation, but simply to fix the
amount of salary, and we can provide for it in
another bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would be a very
inartistic amendment to propose 
Mr. COLE. That amendment will involve
the necessity of an appropriation. I think it
is equivalent, to that. I move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe I have the
floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say a wordjn
reference to this amendment before any motion
is made to lay it on the table.
The district court in the northern district
of Illinois, I will say to the Senator from Cali-
fornia, is in session nearly the whole year.
Judge Blodgett, who holds that court, is a gen-
tleman of great diligence, and is a man who
dispatches business perhaps as fast as any
judge in the country; but notwithstanding
that is the case, I think the court is in session
nine months in the year. The amount of
business at that point, as the Senator know#,
is very large. The present salary of the judge
is $4,000 a year. Now, any one who knowa
anything about the expense of living in the
city of Chicago must know that no gentleman
with a family can live in that city as a judge
of the United States district court ought to
live, on a salary of $4,000; and a judge ought
not to engage in any other business. The
gentleman who happens to hold the office at
this time is a faithful officer, an upright man,
a diligent and efficient judge, and 'his salary-
ought to be increased; and I hope the Sen-
ator from California himself, when he' comes
to understand this case, will make no objec-
