1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2535
should be a control over the criminal justice
of any community. It shou'd not be left in
the discretion of any one without responsibil-
ity to make charges upon information which
would subject any one to prosecution. There
certainly should be the protection of an official
finding of cause of complaint, or the person
who presents the complaint should have official
responsibility. This bill as it now stands gives
the power of information without limit to any-
body, no matter how irresponsible or charac-
terless, to assail the character or rights of any
other person. There certainly should be some
protection thrown in here; and, therefore, I
move to strike out in 'lines three and four the
words "by information on complaint, under
oath, without the intervention of a jury,'' and
insert the woids "by indictment previously
found by a grand jury."
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Delaware if his amendment
should be adopted would it tiot place this court
in the position of compelling an inquest by the
grand jury in every little petit larceny, every
assault and battery, and every little offense
that may be commuted here'? I do not know,
I cannot learn precisely by the terms of this
bill, I have only run it over hastily, what will
be the jurisdiction of this eotul. I assume,
however, that it will have jurisdiction of all
matters below those which ai e intrusted to the
supremo coutt of the Distiict. This bill
abolishes in terms the jurisdiction of all the
justices of the peace in all petit larcenies,
assaults and batteries, and those little matters
will necessarily go to this court. If they are
all to be first presented to a grand jury, and
the court is only to take jurisdiction of them
after bills have been found, it will certainly
impose a burden upon the conrtwhich t think
the Senator does not desire, and which would
render it almost, inoperative. I should like
to know what the Senator's views are in rela-
tion to thatve-v point.
Mr. SAWYER. It. will be remembered
that this bill abolishes the police court and the
justices of the peace, that this will be the low-
est. ctitmnal court we shall have in the District
of Columbia, if the bill should become a law,
and it seems to me we ought to have some
court here which can try the thousand petty
cases thai avise in a city of the population of
Washington without going through the form
of an indictment by a grand jury. I trust the
Senator's amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. This bill gives this
court jurisdiction of certain offeii.ses which no
man ought to be arraigned upon and subjected
to dial tor, without having an indictment round
against htm by a giand jury. Among other
cases they are to have "original and exclusive
jiuisdieiion of all violations of the municipal
aws and ordinances of the District of Colum-
bia." So far as those cases are concerned, I
should be perfectly willing that they should be
prosecuted upon information by the district
yt-torney.
Mr. HAMLIN. With the permission of the
Senator, I will make a single remark. I think
he will lind that this court, if established, will
have no other jurisdiction that the police court
has now, except the civil jurisdiction that is
brought in. It will have 110 other criminal
jurisdiction than that exercised by the present
police cowt.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not know what
the jurisdiction of the police court of the Dis-
trict is ; but I find this bill proposes to give
jurisdiction to this court "of all simple as-
saults, simple assaults and batteries, threats,
petit larcenies.'" and other offenses. No man
ought to be subjected to the charge of petit
larceny upon information filed by the attorney
of the District. A man may go and inform
him, ill malice perhaps, that I have commit-
ted a petit larceny, and upon that he makes
his information and subjects me to the dis-
grace of a public trial oti & charge ol that
character ; and it is his interest to make those
i
informations. ■ He will, of course, have fees
for the discharge of his duties, and therefore
the more informations he can present, the
more money lie will make out. of his office.
He ought not to have this fearful prerogative
placed m his hands of subjecting every man
in tins city to in!orma,tion and criminal prose-
cution upon a charge involving moral character.
I have seen the workings of this information
business in my own State. At one time we
had a court of this very character, and the
Legislature of the State, very wisely, after
making the experiment, abolished it, because
it, placed in the hands of the attorney general
the fearful power, at his own option, of pre-
senting any person he thought proper. I
think 110 man ought to be subjected to charges
of that diameter unless he is indicted by the
grand jury having cognizance of the offense.
Mr. SAWYEIi. 1 do not think the section
of the bill of which the Senator complains
gives this court any more power than an ordin-
ary police justice has. The person charged
with a crime lias ttie right to appeal in every
one of these cases to the supreme court ol'the
District. There is no danger- that he will be
punished by this court without the power of
appealing to a higher court ; aud if his criti-
cism upon this bill is correct, it would also be
correct applied to the police system in any
city in the United Slates.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will say in reply to
the Senator that no man, whether white or
black, in my State can be tried for petit lar-
ceny without an indictment first found by a
grand jury. We appreciate character in our
State too highly to subject any man to a crim-
inal prosecution of that sort unless an indict
merit has been first found against linn. 1 know
not what may be the practice irr city poltce
courts, nor in the police court of this District,
but if the power is given to a police court any-
where to subject tnen to prosecution for crimes
involving their character and involving severe
punishments, without an indictment, I say
such a grant of power is utterly wrong.
Mr. CONKLING. May I make an inquiry
of the Senator?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Shall wo understand him
to say that misdemeanors are punishable only
upo.i presentment by a grand jury?
Mr. SAULSBITRY. I spoke of larceny.
That is a felony in our State.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator means no
larceny, however small?
Mr. SAULSBITRY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Is petit larceny a felony
by the statutes of Delaware?
Mr. SAULSBITRY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well. Their I ask
the Senator whether he means to say that every
offense less than felony may not be punished
in Delaware without presentment by a grand
jury?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not mean to say
that..
Mr. COCKLING. I ask the Senator how
the tact is? 1 ask him whether the law is not
that every misdemeanor, as distinguished from
a felony, is punishable in Delaware without
presentation by a grand jury?
Mr. SAQLSBUiiY. Certain misdemean-
ors are.
Mr. CONKLING, Is there any misde-
meanor that is not?
Mr. SAULSBITRY. I think there are.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator name
one?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir; bigamy is a
misdemeanor under our statutes.
Mr. CONKLING. I make this suggestion
to the Senator from South Carolina: what
offense is felony and what is a misde-neanor
in this country is a statutory matter. At
common law there were other distinctions.
I think forgery was only a misdemeanor at
common law. I think perjury at one time
was only a misdemeanor at oommon law.
The Senator from Delaware says that bigamy,
one of the gravest of ordinary felonies in
most, of the States, is in his State only a mis-
demeanor. This shows that the statutes in-
this country, in the States, do not follow the
common law; but they point out the distinc-
tion between felonies and misdemeanors. In
mv own State every crime is a felony the pun-
ishment of wliieb is imprisonment in the
State prison, whereas those crimes, conviction
of which is followed only by incarceration in
the couuij' jail, are misdemeanors. That is the
dividing line which, for convenience, we have
established. In Delaware a different and a
more devious line seems to have been estab-
lished
Now, I suggest to the Senator from Dela-
ware that all this reflects no light upon the
provision proposed here in this District.
Here the proposition is to dispense with the
grand jury in the case of minor offenses, mis-
demeanors, as they might be compendiously
termed in the jurisprudence of my own State,
although that would not describe them accord-
ing to the jurisprudence of Delaware. It
seems to me that the Senator from Delaware
cannot mean to advocate the necessity of
having every assault and battery, every petit
larceny, however minute, every cuse of mali-
cious mischief, every case of violating a muni-
cipal ordinance nndeigo the investigation of
a grand jury. I venture to say there is no
jurisprudence in any State or in any city ot
any State of this Union which would give
warrant tor a practice so unurovident as that.
Mr. HAMLIN. Except Delaware.
Mr. CONKLING. No, nor inside of Del-
aware. because the honorable Senator vindi-
cates his statement about Delawaie only by
informing us that there an offense so grave as
that of bigamy is treated as a misdemeanor.
One may very well say, if they allow the term
'■ misdemeanor" to cover offenses so grave as
that, they should not dispense in all cases
of misdemeanor with the interposition of a
giand jury. The Senator from Delaware and
myself would not differ about that; but I think
he will not say, if in Delaware everything
punished by imprisonment in the State prison,
every aei to winch serious punishmeut is at-
tached were a felony, it would not. be entirely
proper in the judicial and professional judg-
ment of Delaware to commit all offenses be-
low that to disposition by a police justice, by
an examining magistrate, by the court of
special sessions, without requiring a grand
jury to act upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That ia precisely the
principle on which the Constitution of the
United States acts in making capital and
infamous crimes the subject of indictment
by a grand jury.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
from Vermont reminds me, which I might
have thought of, and which is very import-
ant as bearing upon this question, that the
Constitution of the UnheJ Slates makes the
precise distinction which I am suggesting.
No man shall be held to answer for a capital
or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a pre-
sentment or indictment ofa grand juty. 1 do
not slop to recall the precise language of the
Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Those are the very words.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to inquire of
the .Senator from New York if he does not
consider thU larceny is an infamous Ciirne
wherever charged and whoever charges it?
Mr. CONKLING. Let tire answer that by
asking the Senator a question :
" Nu person shall be held to answer for a capital
or otherwise lniamous crime unless on a presentment
or indictment oi' a grand jury."
Does the honorable Senator suppose that
that relates to the case of a boy who steals a
water-melon or robs a hen's nest?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the honorable
Senator 
Mr. CONKLING. No; I ask my honorable
