1640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
tion to it. I am sure if he understood the
case as it really exists, he would be willing
and glad of an opportunity to pay so faithful
an officer, and one who discharges such high
and important duties, a salary of $-5,000.
Mr. COLE. I might not object if there
were not sixty cases on the same ground.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir, there is not
another one in the Union.
Mr. COLE. There are about sixty of these
district judges, all of whom, of course, want
their salaries raised, not to say anything about
the circuit judges and the judges of the Su-
preme Court. I move to lay the amendment
on the table.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 22, noes 18.
Mr. FUELINGHUYSEN. I move to
amend the amendment adopted on the motion
of the Senator from Ohio by adding the words
" And that the salary of the Commissioner of
Agriculture be fixed at §4,000."
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to lay that amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I believe I have
the floor. The effect of this amendment is, as
the Senate, of course perceive, not to make any
appropriation whatever. It would be discrim-
inating against that Department to raise the
salary of the Commissioner of Education and
the other salaries that have been raised, and
not increase the salary of the Commissioner
of Agriculture. It would be very invidious ;
and as this amendment makes no appropri-
ation, I hope it will be unanimously adopted.
Mr. COLE. ] need only remark that most
of the officers whose salaries have been in-
creased are not provided with residences and
the other conveniences of life like this officer,
and I suppose he does not want more than
$3,000 in addition to the advantages he now
enjoys. I move to lay the amendment on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to, there being
on a division—ayes 19, noes 24.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from New Jersey.
Mr. BOREMAN, Mr. HITCHCOCK, and
Mr. HAMILTON of Maryland, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it right to say
that tlie Senate will bear me witness that I
have opposed riding these appropriation bills
with new subjects of legislation increasing
salaries as hard as I could, but the Senate
have overruled the committee and have over-
ruled me, and have decided that it is right to
do justice to public servants on this bill.
Now, then, we have provided for Assistant
Secretaries, heads of bureaus, and all that
class of people, and here you have the head
of a Department which is more intimately
connected with the great body of the people,
and in which they take a greater interest than
in almost any other Department of the Gov-
ernment. Therefore, I think it is due to the
office, inasmuch as the Senate have determ-
ined that this is the time and the place to con-
sider this subject, not to make an invidious dis-
tinction which seems to be' attempted now of
putting in our favorites and of rejecting those
who do not happen to be our favorites. I
confess I am not a very great admirer of the
administration of the agricultural bureau at
this moment, but I think, as a matter of jus-
tice, the salary of that office ought to be as
high as that of the Assistant Secretary of the
Interior or the head of one of the bureaus in
the Departments. I therefore feel obliged, as
the Senate have determined that this is the
time and the place, to vote on the merit of
the proposition, and in favor of it.
Mr. CA8SBRLY. The Commissioner of
Agriculture is an important officer undoubt-
edly, and I believe the present incumbent to
be a meritorious one. .The increase proposed,
however, strikes me as a large one—thirty-
three and a third per cent, in a single year.
I should be willing to vote for an increase of
$500, making his salary $3,500. It seems to
me that is a compromise between the conflict-
ing views in the Senate, and I hope it will be
adopted by the Senator who has charge of this
particular amendment. I presume regularly
it must be offered as a substitute.
Mr. CAMERON. I am surprised to hear
the Senator from California, who is generally
so liberal, disposed to reduce the compensa-
tion that is proposed to be paid to the Com-
missioner of Agriculture. Surely there is no
bureau connected with this Government which
is so useful to the country, nor one in which
the people of the country feel so much interest,
as this Department of Agriculture. The Com-
missionei; now receives $3,000, and it is pro-
posed to give him $4,000. That certainly is
not too much.
The present incumbent is the ablest man
who has ever filled that office. He is a man
of great intelligence. He is one of the first
lawyers of the part of the State in which he
lived. He is as pure a man as lives anywhere,
and has devoted his whole life, spending his
own fortune in this cause of agriculture. If
anybody is entitled to the increased compen'
sation which it would seem the Senate by their
last vote are disposed to give, it is he. I
should certainly be greatly disappointed in the
intelligence and liberality of the Senate if they
were to attempt to change this to any lower
salary. I would rather give liim $0,000. In-
deed, I think the Commissioner of Agriculture
ought to have a salary of $6,000. Everybody
has an interest in that Department, and every-
body, to some extent, is benefited by what he
and those before him have done. I trust the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. COLE. 1 barely alluded a moment ago
to a fact in connection with this case which
the Senate ought not to lose sight of, and par-
ticularly the Senator from. Vermont, my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Edmunds.] He
proposes to vote in favor of a salary of $4,000
i'or this officer who is furnished with a very
elegant residence and other conveniences
of life, and of course, to be consistent with
that, it will devolve upon him, and other Sen-
ators as well, to vote residences for the several
heads of bureaus who are to receive by the
vote to-day $4,000 salary.
I take this to be an exceptional case. It
does not come' under the rule. I think it is
not quite the thing for this lawyer, not farmer,
from Pennsylvania—an excellent lawyer, but
how mucli he is versed in agriculture 1 do not
know—to be provided with a salary equal to
these other officers in addition to his other
privileges. I think that is going a little too
far. It is establishing a principle which, if car-
ried out, will lead us into very great difficulty.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to reply to what
the chairman of the committee said about a
splendid residence. This officer has no resi-
dence at all. When 'the Agricultural Depart-
ment building was erected I happened to be
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture of
the Senate, and I begged the then Commis-
sioner of Agriculture to occupy two or three
of the rooms in the third story. It is no resi-
dence, but I advised him to occupy those
rooms forthe reason which I stated to him, that
he would save a large amount in not having to
pay policemen and servants to take care of
the building at night. He goes there, with no
allowance of servants or anything of that kind,
and takes care of the building in addition to
doing his duty as Commissioner of Agriculture.
1 said he was a lawyer, because it is believed
in this country that a lawyer is fit for anything,
[laughter;] and with the general intelligence
that a lawyer ought to have, he ought to be
competent for any place. But in addition to
this, I know that this gentleman has lived ou
a farm all his life and devoted himself to agri-
culture, spending the money which he made
by his profession in making experiments and
doing service to Pennsylvania and to the Uni-
ted States as an agriculturist. He was presi-
dent of our State agricultural society for many
years, and no man in the United States stands
higher among scientific agriculturists than
Frederick Watts, and there is no man in the
country who more deserves the title of gentle-
man. He is a polished man and a gentleman,
as well as an able farmer.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "$4,000'' and in-
serting" $3,500." Imake the motion because
I think it is a just way of dividing the difference
between the opposing sides of the Senate ou
this subject. I regard the office of Commis-
sioner of Agriculture as one of very great im-
portance to such States as my own. I am
perfectly willing that that officer should be
paid liberally. The only consideration that
embarrasses me at all is that I understand
that during my absence upon a committee of
the Senate elsewhere other officers have had
their salaries raised to $4,000. I think, how-
ever, that ifin those cases so great an increase
has been made as is proposed to be made in
this case, such increase was objectionable. An
increase of thirty-three and one third per cent,
upon the salary of any officer who is at all
well paid is too much, in my judgment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope the
amendment of the Senator from California
[Mr. Casserly] will not prevail. His last
remark was that an increase of thirty-three
and one third per cent, was a large increase
where the salary was at all sufficient; but this
is a case where it is entirely insufficient. It
is only $3,000.
My friend from California [Mr. Cole] says
the Commissioner of Agriculture has a house.
Why, sir, he lives up in the upper stories of
the building for the purpose of taking care of
the establishment. We have gone on and given
heads of bureaus $4,000, and now it seems to
me there would be but little propriety in allow-
ing the head of a Department a salary less than
the head of a bureau. There was a convention
held in this city a little more than a month ago
of the leading agriculturists in the different
parts of the United States, and they were so
impressed with the importance of this office
as to pass a resolution recommending that the
salary should be $6,000. Instead of moving
to make it $6,000, I have only moved to put
the salary of the head of this Department on a
level with the salaries of the heads of bureaus.
I trust that this invidious distinction may not
be made against this important Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope we shall not
decide this question of the amount of salary,
which attaches to the office, not to the man,
upon the accidental fact that he occupies a
public building of the country. While I am
in favor of this amendment to the full extent
of $4,000, the Senate having determined, as
it has, that this is a light thing to do on this
bill, (for the man who has the agriculture of a
continent to oversee and to aid is ceitainly
entitled to as much as a clerk in charge of
the money-order business in the Post Office
Department, for illustration,) I think it ought
not to be determined by the fact that a pubhc
officer occupies a public building. He has no
business to be there. The public buildings
are erected for the public service, not for pri-
vate accommodation, and we are paying enorm-
ous rents in this city at this time for rooms
not nearly as good as those which might now
be occupied if the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture would leave them for the real interests
of the public service. It is an abuse, and if
the "reformers" had thought of it, and had
had an investigration into it, I dare say we
should have provided a remedy by thi3 time.
But that is entirely independent of the fit-
ness of attaching a proper salary to this office.
This Commissioner may go out to-morrow, and
another man come in who will not occupy a
