2536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
friend whether he thinks that covers the case
of a boy who steals a jjocket handkerchief, or
steals apples, not hanging on the tree, for that
might savor of the reality, but apples which
have fallen down from the boughs of the trees
of my honorable friend from Delaware?
Mr. SAULS BURY. I think, whatever might
be the character of the offense in case a boy
were to do that, if the honorable Senator or
myself were to do it it would be an infamous
offense.
Mr. CONKLING. We will drop the boy.
I ask the Senator this question: suppose a
man of years and discretion comes along and
finds apples Iviag on the ground under the
trees ot the Senator from Delaware, and steals
threepence worth of those apples, does he
think, if the constitution ot' Delaware con-
tained that provision, it would cover the case
1 put to him?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir. According
to our morality in Delaware lie would be a
thief, and lie would be punished as a thief, but
only punished after indictment.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
says, ''according to our morality in Dela-
ware." He puts that to me as if there was
something local and endemic in the morality
of Delaware. I have neverheard, especially in
regard to matters of enlightened jurisprudence
and that kind of civilization which relates to the
mode of punishing olfenses, that Delaware
was very far in Ivcmt of the general march of
civilization. I am inclined to think, from all
1 know of the institutions of that State, that
if a boy steals a water-melon in Delaware,
or a man does, he does not come any nearer
commuting an infamous crime in the estima-
tion of those around him than lie would if he
stole that water-melon in the State of Wiscon-
sin or in the State of New Hampshire ; and I
hardly think the Senator means that a techni-
cal assault, a petit, larceny, throwing ink upon
a house, girdling a tree, are olfenses described
by the Constitution of the United States as
"capital or otherwise infamous" offenses.
Mr. SAULSBURY. ] do not desire par-
ticularly to continue the discussion in this line,
for the object of the Senator evidently was to
builesque in a certain sense my position. I
do not set up for the people of Delaware any
very high claim to morality above other peo-
ple; yet I think their claim to morality would
compare favorably with any claim that could
be made for the people of New York.
Now, sir, my proposition is that no man, for
any crime involving moral turpitude, ought to
be subjected to prosecution at the mere pleas-
ure of any one man. There may be in the
jurisdiction given to this court certain offenses
which might propeily be presented by inform-
ation, but I say it does include crimes which,
according to my view of the matter, ought
not to be included in the juiisdictiou where
information alone is the mode of presenting
the cases, and I instanced larceny. Whether
the people of New York call it a misde-
meanor or a felony makes no difference as to
the moral turpitude involved in the commis-
sion of the offense. Anything, therefore,
which involves moral turpitude, which is a
stain and stigma upon the character of the
party charged,.ought not to be tried upon the
mere presentation of an interested party, the
distiict attorney, whose interest it is to make
all the fees he can out of his oflice, aud there-
fore to prefer agamst you and against me, and
against every man he sees proper, an informa-
tion, and subject us to the expense and annoy-
ance of a trial, however innocent we may be.
I say nothing short of an indictment ought to
subject any man, whether he be a white man
or a black man, to prosecutions involving
moral turpitude. It is enough to be annoyed
by those that do not.
In my State we have a great many cases that
are cognizable before justices of the peace;
for instance, assaults and batteries are cogni-
zable before justices of the peace ; and yet you
cannot, try a man charged with assault and
battery unless he chooses to submit to the
jurisdiction.
My objection is not that all the powers given
to this court are such as ought not to be pre-
sented by information, but the jurisdiction
includes offenses which ought not to be pre-
sented by information, and which ought only
to be presented by indictment. That is the
point I make in this case.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 ask to have the pend-
ing amendment read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is in
section eighteen, line three, to strike out the
words information on complaint, under oath,
without the intervention of a jury," and to
insert " indictment previously found by agrand
jury so that the section will read:
That the prosecution of criminal eases before the
municipal court shall be by the attorney of the United
States for the District of Columbia, by indictment,
previously found by a grand jury ; but any defend-
ant aggrieved by the judgment of the court may
appeal, tfee.
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment, of
course, is one that may properly be offered ;
yet it occurs to me upon a casual reading of
that part of the section that it refers to a dif-
feient stage in the criminal proceeding; 'that
is to say, that it refers to the prosecution of
the offender by the officer of the law before
the court and his trial. It occurs to me that
what the seclion provides is that that trial
may be had without the intervention of a jury,
and that, presents the question to the consid-
eration of the Senate whether so much of the
bill is not in direct conflict with article six of
the amendments to the Constitution. The lan-
guage of that amendment is :
"In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an
impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district
shall have been previously ascertained by law,"&e.
My understanding is, and I think that is
the general understanding of the profession,
that the effect of that article is to entitle the
accused in a criminal case before a court of
the United States to a trial by jury if he
demands it; and yet this section contemplates
the prosecution, trial.and condemnation of an
alleged criminal in this municipal court with-
out the intervention of a jury. The question
which I propose to make now is whether the
language " without the intervention of a jury "
ought not to be stricken out. I will move that
as ;m amendment, if my friend from Delaware
will withdraw his amendment to allow me to
do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Delaware withdraw his amend-
ment temporarily for that puipose?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. With the consent of the
Senator from Delaware, bis amendment being
withdrawn for the moment, I now move as an
amendment to strike out the words "without
the intervention of a jury," in line four of sec-
tion eighteen.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from South Carolina having
charge of this bill, if there is not an appeal
allowed in all eases to a jury trial?
Mr. SAWYER. There is.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to suggest
also to my friend from California that the
opinion has, I think, very generally prevailed
among the profession that this sixth article
did not apply either to the Territories or to
the District of Columbia, but only to the pros-
ecutions in judicial districts in the States, and
that belief is founded upon the phraseology
of article six:
" In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial by an
impartial jury of the State and district."
Not of "the Stateordistrict," but "the State
and distiict," showing that the only districts
which were in the contemplation of the men
who drafted this sixth article were the judicial
districts in the States : otherwise, the prosecu-
tions in the most trivial cases in the Territories
and District of Columbia would come within
this article. That distinction has always been
made, and I think the general professional
mind has settled down upon that construction
of this sixth article upon the phraseology
" State and district," showing that they meant
not the District of Columbia, buta district that
was in a State, so that the jury would be at the
same time a jury of the district and of the
State.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Wis-
consin may be right; and yet 1 have a distinct
recollection that when it became apparent that
there would have to be a trial of some sort of
the assassins of Mr. Lincoln, there was a con-
siderable discussion whether they could be
tried by a military tribunal. It was finally
settled by the fact on the trial that that could
be done. The question was considered whether
they were not entitled to a jury. It does not
occur to me now, although I may be wrong,
that the distinction made by the Senator from
Wisconsin was then suggested; yet I do not
mean to say there is not a good deal in the
language to which he has called my attention
to favor his view. If his view were correct,
however, it would have been a complete an-
swer to the whole argument,against ih« alleged
claim of right to try those criminals wi.houi a
JUMr. CONKLING. . What, if the Senator
please, does he do with the suggestion that
there is an appeal, I understand, provided
otherwise in this bill, enabling every man to
have a trial by jury? And as part of my ques-
tion I remind him of the class of cases famil-
iar to him in many States, where, notwith-
standing, the constitutional provision giving
every man whose property is at stake a trial
by jury, ihe courts have held ihat a statute was
constitutional which provided tor condemning
land for railway purposes without any jury at
all, provided it gave the claimant a right by
the exercise of bis option to an appeal, which
appeal brought with it a trial by jury. Why
is not the same point involved here, and why.
does not the suggestion answer the Senator's
position?
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me the case
of the condemnation of land turns upon en-
tirely different principles. That is the asser-
tion of a very high prerogative in the State ;
and yet I should not be willing to concede in
that case that legislation which deprived the
owner of the land of the right to a jury to
assess his damages in the first instance was
entirely free from doubt.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will par-
don me, he will be compelled to yield to the
force of judicial authority on that point, be-
cause I think there is no State, where the
contrary has been held; and in my osvn State,
for example, as he very well knows, the law
has been held as I suggest to him.
Now, I remind the Senator, identical lan-
guage in organic law, whether relating to rights
of property or rights of person, has the same
definition and the same scope. If the con-
stitution of the State of New York couples
together rights of property and rights of per-
son, and ordains that in the case of both the
right of trial by jury shall exist, anything which
tests in one case the satisfaction of that lan-
guage must necessarily test it in the other.
Now then, if by the constitution of a State, I,
as the owner of property, have a right to a
trial by jury given in absolute language, and
the courts hold that that right is satisfied, al-
though the statute permits the condemnation,
in the first instance, of my land, because that
statute enables me to take an appeal, on which
appeal my right maybe passed upon by a jury—
if the court holds that the constitutional lan-
guage is satisfied in the particular I point
out and in the way I mention, then, I submit
to the Senator from California, that language
would be satisfied if it related to rights of per-
