1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
man from New York [Mr. Wood] apprehends, he
would be exceeding his lawful authority.
" Mr. Wood. The gentleman knows that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury dueb not always wait for an
appropriation by law when he wants to carry out an
object."
General Schenck replied:
" I think we can trust the Secretary of the Treas-
ury not to disregard the provisions of law, Wehave
aimed in this bill to wako the negotiation of these
bonds purely and simply a Treasury operation, as-
suming that no Secretary of the Treasury will under-
take to spend for such a purpose money not appro-
priated, or to appoint agents not provided bylaw.
Our bill differs in this from the Senate bill, which
contains a provision making allowances for the
employment of agents."
After the Senate and House disagreed a con-
ference committee was appointed, and report-
ed the present law to their respective Houses.
General Schenck made the report to the House,
which shows the meaning and intent of the pro-
vision added by the conference oommittee to
the second section making the appropriation
of one half of one per cent , to pay the expense
of engraving, &c. General Schenck said, (see
Globe, volume 80, page 5402;)
" One of the modifications to which we consented to
our bill was to a part of thefifth suction of the Senate
bill that authorized the appointment of agents to
negotiate the bonds, and provided asum not exceed-
ing one halt oi one per cent, for the expense of pre-
paring, i^uing, and disposing of the same. We
objected to the employment of agents, and that part
of the section was abandoned by the Senate, but we
agreed that the Secretary might use a sum not
exceeding one half ot one per cent, for the purpose
of engraving, printing, issuing, advertising, and dis-
posing of the bonds. In doing this it is with the
assurance and understanding that there will be no
attempt to exercise the power, not given, to appoint
special agents.
It seems to me that with such a law, so con-
strued, and passed under such circumstances,
the Secretary was notified in advance that
such a contract as he shows he has made with
Jay Cooke & Co. would be a violation of it
and of his duty under it.
So far, therefore, from being able to indorse
the past action of the Secretary, and legalize
all future operations in the same direction, as
the resolution of the majority of the committee
proposes. I shall, if I am allowed, and no one
else does, move as a substitute some such
provision as this: that the contract entered
into by the Secretary with Jay Cooke^ & Co.
was unlawful, and that the public interest
requires that in all future negotiations tor
the funding of the public debt under the law
of July 14, 1870, no other expense shall be
incurred, and no contract made3 beyond the
expenditure ot a sum not exceeding oi:o half
of one per cent, for the purposes mentioned in
the proviso to the second section of the act.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Step-
son, one of it^ clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the resolution ot the
Hou'ip for punting the report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office for the year
1870, with amendments* in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
The message also informed the House that
the Senate, had agreed, without amendment, to
the iesolution ol iheHouseot Representatives
to print extra copies of Professor F. ^ • Hay-
den's preliminary report of the United States
geological survey.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the resolution of the
House to print one thousand extra copies of
the United States Biennial Register for the
year 187 L.
The message further announced that_ the
Senate had agreed to the resolution ot the
House for printing the report of It. \V._ Kay-
mond on the statistics of mines and mining,
with accompanying engravings.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing rotes
of the two Houses on thehill (H. R. No.
1002) to admit certain machinery from foreign
countries free of duty.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 362) declaratory oi an act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes," approved July 14,
1870; and
An act (S. No. 468) to regulate criminal
practice in the Federal courts.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a resolution to print seven
thousand extra copies of the report and accom-
panying maps of the Tehuantepec surveying
expedition, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
IMPORTED MACHINERY.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit a report from the committee of
conference on the bill in regard to the import-
ation of machinery.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read
the report, as follows :
The oommittee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II.. R. No. 1062)
to admit certain machinery imported from foreign
countries tree of duty having met, after full and free
coniercnce have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as foliows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same. ,
The House not agreeing to the second amend-
ment of the Senate, it is recommended that the sec-
ond seotion be stricken out. _
HORACE MAYNARD,
MICHAEL C. KERR,
L. A. SHELDON,
Managere on the part of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN,
GEORGE GOLDTHWAITE,
W. P. KELLOGG,
Managers on ib.c part of the Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. Unless some gentleman
desires an explanation, I move that the report
of the committee of conference he concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed.to.
NEGOTIATION OF LOAN.
Mr. BROOKS, of New^York. The only
reason why I appear in this debate at all is
because I am a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and therefore shall be held
in some degree responsible for its action. But
before I proceed to make any remarks, I wish
to ask the honorable chairman of the commit-
tee if he considers that the adoption of this
resolution by the House will, I will not say
approve, but encourage or justify or sanction
the Secretary of the Treasury in negotiating
the loan upon the same terms upon which he
has negotiated heretofore?
Mr. DAWKS. I do not stand here as the
voice of the Secretary of the Ireasury. He
is responsible to his superior and the country
for the way in which he discharges his duty,
i take it the adoption of this resolution will
give to him the assurance of this House
simply that he has not, violated the law. If
the House should decide that he has violated
the law, it would have such an effect upon the
loan that I have no doubt it would be impos-
sible for him to go on. If the House should
decide that he has not violated the law, then
1 suppose he will hold himself responsible to
the public judgment upon the propriety of
going on. I am not at liberty to say, tor 1 do
not know, whether he considers this arrange-
ment so advantageous that he would con-
tinue it. „ , -
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I was not
present with the committee, as the gentleman
knows, when this subject was investigated, but
I have read, as coming from the Secretary,
that if this resolution is passed by the House
the Secretary of the Ireasury wiil^ consider
himself justified in going on in negotiating the
loan on the same terms. .
Mr. DAWES. I think 1 may be authorized
; in saying this much, and beyond-that 1 do not
think any geatleman is authorized to go: that
upon the passage of this resolution the Secre-
tary of the Treasury will feel that in no respect
hashe violated the law; indeedhe feels so uow;
and he will feel that he will have the opinion
of this House backing him. Beyond that 1 do
not think any gentleman is authorized to state
what is the disposition of the Secretary of the
Treasury as to the future in respect to the loan.
So far as the public prints have been giving
some notice of an offer made by others, I only
say this: that no such arrangement, so far as I
know, has been entered into, nor is there like-
lihood of any such arrangement being made
upon any such terms as I hare seen in the
newspapers.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then, if the
House of Representatives passes the resolu-
tion reported from the committee it will be an
approval of the Secretary's course, and to that
extent au encouragement for him to go on,
Mr. DAWES. I do not state that. Every
gentleman is at liberty to entertain his own
private judgment as to the propriety of the
Secretary's past course. The adoption of this
resolution will be the judgment of this House
upon the legality of that course. Everything
is not wise that is lawful. It may be in the
opinion of some gentlemen a lawful aot, and
yet not a wise one.
Mr. BfiOOKS, of New York. I desire to
ask one other question, and that is. what is the
amount of the loan which has been negotiated
under the act of the last Congress?
Mr. DAWES. There is the difference be-
tween this loan and $1,500,000,000. A loan
of SI,500,000,000 was authorized by the act
of August 14, 1870. This loan, including all
| that the banks have taken and all that private
i individuals have taken, when completed, will
I be between S-3o.000.000 and S-o0.000,000,
I and the balance of the $1,500,000,000 is still
j authorized by the act.
! Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then the act
| allows him to go further?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, the act allows him to
go further.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Now, without
reference to the past, I do not propose to dis-
cuss the course of the Secretary of the Treas-
i ury. which has been so ably done by my two
' colleagues on the committee, but I do propose
to make a few practical remarks in reference
to the future loan, and to the sanction which
the approval of this resolution by the House
will give to any further negotiation by the
! Secretary of the Treasury.
I "Itisof no use," to use avulgar phrase, "to
i cry overspilled milk." Thebankers, Jay Cooke
| & Co., or the syudieate, as it is sometimes
i called, have made arich and profitable bargaiu
| for themselves j and so far as I am concerned
I I have no right to complain of them iu the
' least degree. And I have no doubt, too, that
! the Secretary of the Treasury (I will say it iu
i justice to him) has, to the best of his Knowl-
edge and ability, and in good faith, negotiated
the loau with the syndicate, or with Jay Cooke
& Co.
But what I wish to ask the attention of the
House to is a stop here, and give no encourage-
ment to go any further; for in my judgment it
i will be an utter waste, a profligate waste of the
! public money, and a donation to the hunkers of
the syndicate, in the fur'her negotiations ot the
loan" of millions and millions of dollars. And
I do not think the House, especially the Repub-
lican side of the House, however they may
desire to approve the course of their Secre-
tary of the Treasury—and they will approve
that of course—are bound to involve themselves
in that species of indorsement of the Secretary
which will justify him in throwing into the
coffers of the syndicate millions and millions
of money hereaiter; nor is it necessary now,
as it has been heretofore, to throw ourselves
wholly into the arras of thebankers of our own
country or of the bankers of Europe. _
Since the war was over, since the triumph-
