1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4329
alleged, stated, or performed under the custom
revenue laws, or in or about the importation,
entry, or withdrawal of any merchandise, or
in or about the levying, assessment, or pay-
ment of any duties thereon, shall be deemed
to have committed perjury, and shall be held
to answer, and, upon conviction, punished
therefor in the same manner as if he had taken
a false oath or affirmation in that behalf. And
any person or officer aiding, abetting, using,
or receiving any false, forged, or fraudulent
declaration as aforesaid, with intent to defraud
the revenue or to suffer the same to be de-
frauded, shall be deemed guilty of a high crime
and misdemeanor, for which he may be in-
dieted and tried in any court of the United
States having jurisdiction, and shall, upon
conviction, be punished by fine not exceeding
$1,000, or imprisonment not exceeding two
years, or both, in the discretion of the court.
The sixth section provides that in the con-
struction of the act the word "declaration"
shall be equivalent to oath or affirmation, and
may be held to include both the act of declar-
ing and the statement, paper, or thing, the
truth of which is declared; and the word
"merchandise" shall include goods, wares,
and merchandise of ever? description.
The seventh section provides that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be authorized and em-
powered to make and prescribe all such reg-
ulations and forms, and from time to time to
change or modify the same, in accordance
with the provisions of the act, as may be
necessary for the due' execution thereof; pro-
vided, however, that nothing therein contained
shall prevent the said Secretary from author-
izing, in his discretion, the acceptance of any
declaration defective in form or otherwise,
when he shall be satisfied that such defect is
not material or was not caused by any willful
negligence or intent to defraud.
The eighth section provides that all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act be repealed.
Mr. CONGER. I object to the reception
of this report, and call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. MERRIAM. Let me explain the bill.
Mr. CONGER. It will take hours to ex-
plain.
The report was not received.
charles hipp, of ohio.
The SPEAKER. The House this morning
non-concurred on the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lamison] in the amendment
of the Senate to an act (H. R. No. 1262) for
the relief of Charles Hipp, of St. Mary's, Au-
glaize county, Ohio, and asked for a commit-
tee of conference. It is now desired that the
Senate amendments shall be concurred in so as
to obviate all further disagreement on this bill
between the two Houses. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accoidingly.
saws of public property.
The SPEAKER. The Senate passed a bill
(S. No. 626) to authorize the sale of certain
public property, which the House amended, and
it has been now returned with amendments
from the Senate.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
On page 1, line thirteen, strike out "one hundred
and sixty-eight" and insert " forty."
On page 1, line sixteen, strike out( the ( wnere
it occurs the second time, and insert' any.
On page 1, line eighteen, after ' property insert
the words " which has not hitherto been sold.
Mr. SLOCUM. I move that the Senate
amendments be concurred in.
Mr. COBURN. 1 should like the gentle-
man to give some explanation.
Mr. SLOCUM. The bill ordered one hun-
dred and sixty-eight acres to be sold. It was
afterward found that General Howard bad
sold a portion of it. The Senate have cut
down the quantity of land authorized to be
sold to what we actually owned.
Mr. COBURN. I see no objection to ^hat
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found duly en-
rolled hills of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 196) for the relief of the
owners of the Bark A 1;
An act (S. No. 399) to amend an act entitled
" An act to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States
An act tS. No. 426) for the relief of Thomas
Allen ; and
An act (S. No. 471) to amend an act entitled
"An act supplementary to an aet to provide
for furnishing artificial limbs to disabled sol-
diers," approved June 30, 1870.
new post routes.
Mr. McINTYRE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2976) to estab-
lish certain post routes in Georgia.
The bill was read three times, and passed.
soldiers' and sailors' children.
Mr. STORM, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a report of the Commitiee on Educa-
tion and Labor on the memorial of the Union
home and schools located in the city of New
York for soldiers' and sailors' children, and
moved that the report be printed, and laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to offer a bill for
consideration at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is enforcing
the regular order on the demand of the gentle-
man from Michigan, and cannot entertain the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiaua
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. COBURN. I ask that by unanimous
consent the House proceed to the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1665) to enable hon-
orably discharged soldiers and sailors, their
widows and orphan children, to acquire home-
steads on the public lands of the United States.
Mr. CONGER. I object.
Mr. CROSSLAND. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman not to press that motion, but to allow
me to move that the House take a recess until
eight o'clock.
Mr. CROSSLAND. More mischievous and
bad legislation is done at night than at any
other time. I therefore insist on my motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is necessary
that the House should be in session to receive
the sundry civil appropriation hill.
Mr. RANDALL. I would suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions that he should frame his motion so as to
confine the evening session to business of the
Committee on Appropriations. As I under-
stand, the only necessity for meeting to-night
is in connection with the three appropriation
bills, the fortification, the rivers and harbors,
and the sundry civil bills. Let us have the
evening session to-night confined to business
of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. l_do not pro-
pose that, but if gentlemen desire that that
shall be the arrangemeut I have no objection.
Mr. CONGER. I do not consent to that
arrangement unless the steam-boat bill is
included.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. When the sundry
civil appropriation bill comes back, it will no
doubt come with a great mauy amendments. 1
would suggest that an order of the House be
made that the bill with amendments be print-
ed, so that we may act upon it understand-
ingly.
Mr. SHANKS. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crossland] yields to me to allow
me to introduce a matter of very great im-
portance.
Mr. CONGER. If the gentleman from
Kentucky yields to any one, I must call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Ckossland,] that the House do now adjourn..
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
54. noes 09.
So the motion that the House adjourn was
not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] that the House take a recess until
eight o'clock this evening.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggested an amend-
ment limiting the business of the evening ses-
sion, to which I understood the gentleman was
not adverse, or on which, at leJ.st, he was
willing that the sense of the House should be
tested.
The SPEAKER. That would require
unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I adhere
to my motion that the House take a recess
until eight o'clock this evening.
The motion was agreed to; andaccordingly,
(at four o'clock atid ten minutes p. m.,) the
House took a recess until eight o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House re-
sumed its session at eight o'clock p. m.
bridge ackoss the arkansas.
Mr. HAMBLETON. I desire to call up
the motion to reconsider the vote whereby the
report of the committee of conference of Sen-
ate bill No. 215, amendatory of an act author-
izing the construction of a bridge across the
Arkansas river, was agreed to. There are
reasons which render it necessary to ask an-
other conference with the Senate. I therefore
ask that the motion to reconsider be agreed
to, and that the House disagree to the repoit
of the committee of conierence, and ask a
further conference with the Senate.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
patents and copyrights.
Mr. L. MYERS, I desire to report from
the Committee on Patents, House bill No.
2857, to amend an act entitled " An act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents anil copyrights," approved
July 8, 1870. This is in accordance with the
recommendation sent to ua in a special mes-
sage of the President. There are several
changes which will commend themselves to
the good sense of the House. It is important
that this bill should pass at this time, in order
that it may reach the Senate to-morrow. Two
or three of the amendments proposed have
been called for by the practical operation of
the present law, and are recommended by the
Commissioner of Patents. As I have said,
most of the changes were recommended espe-
cially by the Secretary of the Interior and the
President.
Mr. McCRARY. There is a bill on the
Speaker's table that I am very anxious to have
considered.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of business on the Speaker's
table, under the two-thirds rule.
Mr. L. MYERS. The Committee on Pat-
ents have had no opportunity to report this
bill. It is one of great importance to the pub-
lic and of great importance to inventors, in
order that their business may be facilitated.
I do not think that any bill can be presented
to this House which should take precedence of
this one. I hope the gentlemen will not press
any other matter, especially any private bill,
against this one. Among the recommenda-
