1872.
THE CON"GrBESSION"AL GLOBE.
3433
I wish to have the provision the conference
committee have agreed upon touching cotton
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read that part of the conference report
relative to the so-called Morrill amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the last item of the
conference report as follows, on the deficiency
bill H. R. No. 1651:
That the House recede from their amendment to
the sixty-fourth amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with the following amendment: substi-
tute for said Senate amendment the following: "that
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to pay to the lawful owners,
or their legal representatives, of all cotton seized
after the 30th day of June, 18G5, by the agents of the
Government unlawfully and in violation of their
instructions, the net proceeds, without interest, of
the sale of said cotton actually paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States: Provided, That the receipts
thereof shall be taken and received in full satisfac-
tion of ail claims against the United States for or on
account of the seizure of said cotton; and a suffi-
cient sum for such payment is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated: And provided further. That the forego-
ing provisions shall not apply to any claim now
pending before the Court of Claims, nor to any claim
not filed in the Treasury Department within six
months after the passage of this act; and tho sum
of $20,000 is hereby appropriated for the payment
of the necessary expenses of defending the United
States in respect to claims for said proceeds, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury;" and the Senate agree to tho same.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquirewheth-
erit, is in order to move that the Senate rcccde
fiom its original amendment upon which this
proposition of compromise hangs?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
reply that in the present condition of the bill,
it. would not be in order. If the House of
Representatives had'made no amendment to the
provision called the Morrill amendment, then
it would be in order at this stage for the Sen-
ate to recede ; but as they proposed an amend-
ment, the Senate must act upon their amend-
ment tolhe Senateamendment, and they must
therefore disagree to it, or agree to it, or agree
to it with an amendment, as proposed by the
committee of conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That being the case, I hope
the Senate will not agree to this report of'^ the
committeeofconference. Here isaproposition
which was notdiscussed in the Senate at all, an
entirely and totally different subject from the
one we spent days upon; as different as two
subjects can be, except that they relate to cot-
ton—that is the only connection they have—
falling under entirely different provisions of
law ; and we agreed to one proposition, which
we understood on all sides. Of course there
was a great difference of opinion as to what
ought to be done, but we all understood what,
we were about. We sent it to the House, and
they proposed to strike that out and do a to-
tally different thing. We disagreed to that.
Now comes the conference, which changes the
substance of what we passed to an entirely
different subject, for an entirely different pur-
pose, a subject that we have not had any re-
port upon from the Secretary of the Treasury,
a subject that we know nothing about except
as we get it in debate, stating that there is
cause in a certain degree for this or that pro-
ceeding on the subject, without any investiga-
tion as to how the facts really stand about it,
and giving an unlimited draft, as yon will per-
ceive, upon the Treasury for anybody who
chooses to make a claim, which in respect to
any other claim would not be allowed to come
into the Treasury at all, but all claims are
obliged to come here and be considered. You
are going to put the people whose property
was picked up after the end of the war upon
a footing that you would not put the citizens
of any other States of the Union for a mo-
ment whose property may have been unlaw-
fully taken at any time during the war or after
the war, and give an unlimited draft upon the
Treasury, and leave it entirely to the discre-
tion of the Treasury officers how much money
the}' shall pay out of the Ireasury.
I say it is most dangerous legislation, 1 say
it has no_ precedent, and it never ought to be a
precedent or have one. No man would think
of proposing in respect to claims arising in
favor of any other people since the war that
they should be turned loose upon the Treasury
to go there and prove such claims as they
could, and that the Treasurer should pay them
without any investigation by the law-making
power of the Government, or by some court.
The thing was never heard of or proposed before.
You have just as much right to turn over all
the cases that come to the Committee on Claims
to the Treasurerand say, "You will investigate
whatever claims may be made on the Govern-
ment, and you have unlimited authority to
draw warrants in cash on the Treasury to pay
for them."
I hope, therefore, the Senate will disagree
to the report, and stick to it until the House
leave us, if they do not choose to take our
amendment, where we must stand, and have no
provision of law on the subject until Decem-
ber, when we can have a careful inquiry into
this condition of affairs and see where we
stand.
Mr. SAWYER. In the first place, in reply
to the Senator from Vermont, I say that the
Treasury Department know perfectly well
where they got this cotton, every bale of it;
that they look it from certain specified people,
and have an accurate and careful record of
the facts. In the next place, this provision
requires that the proceeds of the cotton shall
be given up to the lawful owners of the cotton,
and makes it incumbent on the Secretary of
the Treasury to make inquiries as to who were
the lawful owners, and not give it up to any-
body else. In the third place, this cotton is
well understood to have been taken in viola-
tion of law and with no more propriety than
it would be taken in the State of Geoigia or
South Carolina to-day; that it was taken in
absolute violation of the instructions of the
head of the Treasury Department himself after
the war had ceased, after regulations had gone
forth forbidding any inoie taking. A com-
plete record of all the circumstances, of the
amounts which the cotton brought, all the
particulars in every case, is in ihe Depait-
ment; and the only hardship about it is not
one to the Government, but to the men from,
whom the cotton was taken unlawfully, when
there was no right to take it, no pretense of
right to take it, and when it was sold for not
over thirty percent, of its value in the hands
of-the owner at the time. And now, when,
seven years after the time it was taken, it is
proposed to give back not that thirty per cent,
with interest, but certainly not exceeding
thirty per cent, of the value at the time it was
taken, we are met with the assertion that this
is a raid upon the Treasury. Why, sir, we
have heard this time and time again here.
There are three or four bills now pending in
the Senate and in committees of the Senate
which have been here not merely this Con-
gress. but the last Congress, and it is hopeless
to get consideration of them. I hope the Sen-
ate will concur ill this report. It is not new
matter in any proper sense.
Mr. COLE, t wish to have read at the desk
a letter trom the Secretary of the Treasury
bearing directly on this subject, and dated
May 10, which was addressed to the chair-
man of the Committee on Claims, and was
handed by the Secretary, as I was inlormed,
to a member of the conference committee,
which throws a good deal of light on the sub-
ject. and I think it ought to go into the Globe.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say one word
before that letter is read. I know what it is.
Mr. President, I was in favor of the Mor-
rill amendment, and am sorry it was not
agreed to by the House. There may be some
technical objection to this amendment offered
here by the conference committee, as not hav-
ing been considered ; but aside from that it
seems to me there ought to be a remedy for
the property taken after the close of the war.
When peace was declared and property was
unlawfully taken, there ought to be a remedy,
and parties ought not to be subjected to the
delay and expense of working a bill through
Congress. It is something of a hardship to say
that where property was taken after the war
was over, unlawfully seized, the party now is
simply allowed to get the principal without
interest. I am in favor, at least, of some
remedy in a ease of that kind.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Perry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) If there be no
objection, the Secretary will now report the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply say in reply
to the Senator from Indiana, that the answer
1 gave to that yesterday was that for two years
and a half this money was subject to any
claim made by any of these parties, and two
millions of it was paid.
Mr. FLANAGAN, Mr. President. I shall
be very brief 
Mr. COLE. Before the Senator proceeds I
desire to have that letter read as a part of my
remarks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The letter
will now be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Tueasuhy I)i:i'act.mknt, M<tj/ 10, 1872.
Sin - I have tho honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of tho 27th ultimo, concerning a bill
authorising the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
claims lor tho proceeds of ootton' soixed aftor tho
mil of June, 1805, tho substance of which has
been put into the deficiency appiopriation bill by
tho House as a substitute for tho so-called Morrill
amendment, although they relate to distinct classes
of claims, the former almost wholly to claims of
which the Court of Claims cannot take jurisdiction,
solely boeauso of the expiration of the time al-
lowed by statuto for iiliug such claims; tho latter
to claims properly pending in said court.
In iespouse to communications from sovoral Sen-
ators and Representatives, I have expressed the
opinion, to which L still adhoro, that it would bo
preferable to reopen the Court of Claims tor a lim-
ited time to the claimants of cotton seized after tho
30th of June, 18G5, by agents of tho Government in
violation of thoir instructions, than to provide for
the adjudication of such claims in tho Treasury
Department.
In vioiv of tho possibility that such claims may
he remitted to this DepaiLment for adjudication, I
deem it proper to suggest several amendments to
the section as adopted by tho House in tho nature
of safeguards for the protection of the Treasury
agoinst impioper claims. , .
By insetting the words in violation of their in-
structions" nfter the words "by the agents of tho
Govei omont" the Department would bo relieved
from tho consideration oi claims for the large amount
of cotton solder contracted to bo sold to tho con-
federate government and found m tho hands of tho
original ownersor those to whom they hud attempted
to dispo.-o ol it in fiattd ot tho rights of the Gov-
eminent. , .   .
Tho innumerable controverted questions ol law
and deputed lactb that must inevitably aiise in tho
consideration of this important subject, involving
four or five million dollars, render it highly proper
that they should be examined and determined by a
competent judicial tribunal.
In compliance with instructions of tho President
and the Secretary ol the Treasury , issued after tho
of .June, 1803, huge quantities of cotton were
;i 1m> seized as the property ol certain corporations
or oigan i7,at ions entitled exporting and importing
companies which were formed for the purpose ot
i mining ihe blockades, and were mere auxihanes to
tho .so-called confedeiate government in its eilorta
to subvert and ovei throw the Government ot tho
United States. The agents of the Government wore
instructed to tako chaigool and treat, such property
"as piopcrty whioh was used to aid the rebellion,
and therefore belonging to the United btates by tho
right of ea pturc." b nlcss the suggested amend in out
is made, tho Secretary ol the Treasury may bo re-
quired to allow tbn class of claims. ...
As an additional amendment X should also sug-
gest that claims now pending in tho Oourtof Claims
lor cotton seized alter the 30th of June, ol which
there are a considerable number, be excepted from
the provisions ot the section under consideration,
otherwise it is piubable that claims lor a Jars©
amount would be withdrawn from that tribunal to
be prosecuted bcfoio tho Department, whore, tiom
the neces-nty of the case, it is impossible to apply
the impartial and necessary rules of law governing
judicial investigations. ..... 4 ,
There should also be some limitation to the tuny
for filing claims m the Department, and, as in all
e.c Durtv examinations, there is a possibility that, a
claim may be apparently well tonnded when in
tact a claimant having a better title may subso-
nnontlv appeur.it seems to be desirable_ that all
claimants should bo required to fi o their
before any awards are made, ihe intucsts oi tho
Government and the rights of eon l.et. og
can thus be best protected, in this mow ot
