746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, January 31,
ant victories of the northern armies as a mere
military operation, our country has arisen as
a whole throughout all Europe and throughout
all parts of the world to such an extent that it
is not only believed to be) what it is, among the
richest, if not the richest country in the world,
and most abounding in its great resources, but
among the most powerful military nations on
earth. Therefore I speak from my own practical
knowledge when I say that hereafter, if time
be but given for the better comprehension of
our resources, our debt can be negotiated, can
be funded by the Government of the United
States as profitably and as well for the people
of the United States as any debt can be funded
anywhere by any Power in Europe.
When this funding act of Congress was first
passed, it will be remembered that all Europe
was in a state of commotion. Prussia was
about to invade France. It was not at all cer-
tain to what extent the conflagration then im-
pending would extend throughout all parts of
Europe. And at that time such was the de-
mand for money, for the purposes of war in
Europe, by Prussia, by France, by Russia, and
by other nations who were negotiating loans
in the great marts of Europe, that the United
States were to some extentthrown in the back-
ground. But those loans have now been ab-
sorbed, and there is no debt now before the
bankers of the world, there is no nation now
standing before the world whose credit is so
high, whose resources are believed to be so
vast, as are the people of the United States
and their resources at the present time. Hence
it would be folly, it would be the highest of
folly, the worst of statesmanship and the worst
of financiering, for the majority of this House,
even in their desire to approve the course of
the Secretary of the Treasury, to commit them-
selves to him or to the bankers of our own
country or of Europe for any further negotia-
tions of this loan upon the terms upon which
it has been negotiated within the past few
months.
Let me call the attention of the House to
many facts which have damaged our credit
hitherto, and which are now gone and to be
gone. The old members of the House will
recollect that at one time on the other side
of the House there were those who made a
loud demand for repudiation, among them
one of its oldest and most influential mem-
bers, one who for years had the control of
the majority of that side of the House. And
on this side there was a voice, not potential,
not loud, not influential, but not the less call
ing for repudiation. And the majority of both
parties, Democratic as well as Republican,
when repudiation was pressed upon the House,
repudiated repudiation, and by that vote rees-
tablished the credit and resources of this coun-
try not only here but throughout all Europe.
No voice on this or on the other side of
the House now demands repudiation ; all
are for a faithful discharge of the public debt.
The action of Congress upon this subject has
lifted the public credit to an enviable posi-
tion throughout the whole world. Just before
the close of the war our Government was bor-
rowing money at twelve per cent. After the
peace the rate of interest rapidly fell to seven
percent. In 1800 it fell to six per cent.; in
1870 to five and a half per cent., and before
the end of 1871 it fell to a small fraction more
than_ five per cent. The interest upon the
public debt has rapidly been going down. I
said in this House two years ago when the
iunding bill was discussed here, and when I
supported the action of the Committee of Ways
and Means in spite of some hesitancy among my
friends on this side of the House as to the pro-
priety of lending that support—I said then that
in my judgment such was the rising credit of
the country that there would be no difficulty, if
time could only be given, in negotiating the
whole public debt of this country at the rate
of four per cent, per annum.
Looking back to the period before the war
we find that the maximum point in our national
credit was in 1855 and 1856. Our six per
cent, bonds, with eleven or twelve years to
run, sold then at 115, a price equivalent to par
for a bond bearing four and one half percent,
interest. The strength of this Government
is greater now than it was before the war. I
do not know that it is a strength altogether
for liberty and for law ; but the military, the
monarchical strength, if I may so speak, of
this Government—that which Europe and
European creditors respect—the consolidated
power of the Government, is greater now than
it was when we were selling our bonds and
paying only four and one half per cent, inter-
est. Now, is it wise for the majority of this
House to commit itself to-day to four and one
half per cent., or even four per cent., and pay
these enormous expenses for the negotiation
of these loans hereafter? No necessity calls
for it. It will be a most profligate use of the
public money if this course is taken by the
Secretary of the Treasury; and it will be
wrong, highly wrong, if the majority of this
House should encourage the Secretary in so
doing.
I therefore ask the majority of this House,
(and I appeal to them without any reference
to political feeling, for I know that they will
support the Secretary of the Treasury,) I ask
them to recommit this subject to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, with at least an indi-
cation upon the pait of speakers on the other
side of the House, if not by direct resolution,
that they wish for some other legislation upon
this subject before they trust the whole matter
to the Secretary of the Treasury hereafter.
The interests of the country demand this; the
political interests of the majority of the House
demand it; the tax-payers demand it. I
think, therefore, that course ought to be pur-
sued. I deeply regret that the Committee of
Ways and Means, who in the main act so har-
moniously together, have differed so much
upon this point, and that a majority of them
have felt it their duty to commit themselves to
what seems to be an approval of the course of
the Secretary of the Treasury, in consequence
of which, if ratified by the House, he has said,
if 1 am correctly informed, he will feel himself
justified in going on with these negotiations as
he has done.
The moment the bankers of Europe, the
"syndicate" of Europe, or the bankers of
America see that they cannot obtain these
profitable loaus, mark my words, they will
comedown in their terms, and the negotiations
can be made on a much more advantageous
basis for the country thau they have been.
But if the House should pass this resolution
without qualification, the terms which have
been exacted will still be demanded or in-
creased, and there will be a combination of
bankers throughout the United States and
Europe, which may prevent the negotiation of
any loans at all. We can wait, sir. It is not
necessary for us now in this generation to bind
all posterity to high rates of interest. Even
if we would manacle ourselves, it is not neces-
sary for us to manacle the rising generation.
It is not necessary for us to tie up ourselves in
bonds which we cannot break asunder without
impairing^ the public credit. It is not neces-
sary; it is not desirable. Leave, then, the
matter to the Secretary of the Treasury, not
as it now is, but regulated by laws more
definite, more precise, more economical than
the laws under which he has felt it his duty to
act as he has done.
Mr. COX. When I introduced the resolu-
tion, Mr. Speaker, which has given rise to this
discussion, I did not do it for the purpose of
making any personal attack on the honorable
Secretary of the Treasury ; but knowing the
history of the law which he has broken, having
taken some interest in the debate at the time,
and seeing comments in the public journals, I
felt it my duty to urge examination in some
quarter as to this particular transaction. The |J
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] my
honorable colleague, who always speaks so well
and so wisely, has struck a train of thought I
had in my mind at the beginning of the remarks
I intended to make.
The question of funding or refunding a pub-
lic debt is, as he well considered it, something
more than a problem of commerce or a scheme
of finance or taxation. It is connected with
economy but it is also a social and moral as
well as an economic problem. The poorest
nations have at times the greatest facilities for
obtaining money, while the richest, like our
own, from bad financial government, droop
and die in the confidence of mankind. Con-
fidence is the safeguard of credit, private and
public. Popular energy, domestic economy,
prosperity in trade, and tranquillity in the
State, contribute to confidence. They con-
tribute steady streams into the reservoirs of
the public resources. These revenues are, in
a literal sense, the public funds, that is, the
foundation of public credit. Mexico and Peru,
with all their mines, have little credit. The
"strongbox" of the nation, located by the
President in our sierras, for years has failed
to make our bonds above those of Turkey.
From 1803 up to 1848 the product of the
precious metals was an average of $50,000,000
annually. Then came California ancl Austra-
lia. In 1700 the stock of precious metals had
swollen to $1,385.000,000.' From 1848 to 1868
thegrossyield was $3,571,000,000, the miracu-
lous average of $180,000,000 annually. To
our own land this immense increase is due ;
and yet, and yet we are the scorn of the world
for our financial credit and our miserable cur-
rency.
Bad administration is illustrated as well in
Spain as in our late "insurrectionary States."
The quotations of the Exchange are more
certain indices of public virtue and just gov-
ernment than the laudations of partisan ora-
tors or the military antecedents and demon-
strations of civil rulers!
The historian in comparing the skillful man-
agement of the funds of other nations with our
own, will only cease to wonder at the con-
tempt of the world for our credit, when he
reads the history of our fiscal administration.
With an estimated wealth of thirty-five thou-
sand millions, an unequaled precious public
domain, and resources of industry and immi-
gration beyond the extravagance of speech,
the management of our public funds has been
marked only by blunders. Three of these I
enumerate: first, increased taxation continued
without reason, to the absorption of both energy
and resources; second, inequality in the dis-
tribution of ihe foitunes of the people, not only
by unjust taxation,but by the special enrichment
of favorites with largesses, as in the case of
the svndicate; third, in the lack of reciprocal
confidence between the individual and the
Government, whereby funding and refunding
seek a foreign market at enormous outlays of
expense; fourth, an irredeemable system of
paper money which is not the currency of com-
merce.
Is it, therefore, a wonder that our own people
are loth to contribute for the relief of the Gov-
ernment? Is it wonderful that it is so, even at
double the premium or interest at which other
nations have funded? Is it a wonder that the
Secretary of the Treasury has been compelled
to hawk over Europe our recently authorized
bonds, and reports his inability to place any
sum, except about one seventh of the author-
ized amount, on the market? Or that to do
this he is compelled to shatter the law and allow
extraordinary and illegal outlay?
The funding system which England carried
to such perfection, by which old debts were
relieved by a new one with less interest, and
by which credit was made steady by "national
books " with sinking funds, and by relief from
unfair taxation, should have been adopted in
this country. Why was it not done at once
after the war? Who are responsible? Why
