1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
was not a consolidated bond issued at four per j
cent., and the heterogeneous medley of incom- ]
prehensible paper securities retired to the j
limbo of departed devices?
Turn to any report of our exchequer, and
see the multifarious and incongruous charac-
ter of our securities! Loans of 1842, of 1847,
Texas indemnity, Treasury notes; loans of
1858, of 1860; Oregon debts, seven-thirties,
twenty-year sixes, five-twenties, United States
notes; temporary loans, tea-forties, certificates
of indebtedness, postal currency, fractional
currency, railroad bonds; seven-thirty Treas-
ury notes; nickel metal, greenbacks, bank
notes; and later, these four, four and a half,
and five per cents—a promiscuous and incom-
prehensible muddle, [laughter,] only illus-
trative of our contempt of experience and our
ignorance of finance ! Scarcely an effort has
been made for a consolidated debt at less ex-
pense; only an effort to change from bad to
worse, to aid harpies and speculators at the
expense of our constituents. The last fund-
ing bill of July, 1870, is a climax to a series
of cunning and chaotic schemes intended to
enrich the few and despoil the many.
But, in justice to this House, a brief history
of its action last Congress will show that a
valuable measure was proposed and advocated.
It was, however, ignominiously crushed by
our conference committees after five trials.
The Treasury Department and the senatorial
nabobs, if I may be allowed to use the expres-
sion, [laughter,] overwhelmed the House. Our
proposition for a simple funding bill of four per
cent, was thrust aside. There was substituted
for it, the ambiguous and broken law of July
14, 1870. By a vote of 139 to 54, almost a
party vote, it was carried. It will be interesting,
in view of the statement of the Secretary, to
trace the steps leading to this result.
The first bill reported by General Schenck,
on June 30, 1870, (Globe, 5018) provided for
the refunding of only $1,000,000,000, withgojd
semi-annual interest, at four per cent. So
careful were the committee to guard against
the increase of the debt that to one simple
section only of the bill they inserted the pro-
viso ever afterward kept in all the bills, that
" nothing in this act, or in any other law now
in force, shall he construed to authorize any
increase whatever of the funded debt of the
United States." As the bonds were payable
after thirty years, and were entirely relieved
from taxation, and the bill had no job in it to
agents, and as it was a fair tentative experi-
ment, General Schenck said he believed the
time had come for us to challenge the world's
attention to our position and credit. He as
sured us that the bonds would be taken, even
without commissions, or by making the inter-
est payable abroad, or the principal payable
in foreign coin.
This bill was ably handled by my two col-
leagues, [Mr. Wood and Mr. Brooks.] The
latter urged a four per cent, loan; the former
was opposed to any sinister disturbance of our
present bonded system. The latter showed
that less the taxation it was equivalent to a
six per cent. loan. He courteously contro-
verted the idea of his colleague [Mr. Wood]
that it was a foreign loan. Both were meas-
urably right, as the sequel shows. A motion
to make it a foreign loan with interest payable
abroad, and that in foreign currency, failed.
During this debate the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Coburn] thought we would derive great
advantage "by placing the loan m Europe
without the intervention of bankers, brokers,
and shavers." But why he did not vote his own
good thought? Another gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Holman,] more consistent., offered to
amend, so as to prohibit any agencies, in the
United States or elsewhere, for the exchange of
the bonds. General Schenck remarked that
such an amendment "was not necessary;'
meaning that nothing of the kind was contem-
plated. My colleague, [Mr. Wood,] ably sup-
ported by the vigilant gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Randall,] illustrated his distrust
the bill. He was afraid that agents might be
employed under it to the public detriment.
How was he met by General Schenck? The
leader of the House said that only the officers
of the Treasury would be employed; and if
the Secretary employed outsiders he would
'' exceed Ms lawful authority." To this my
colleague [Mr. Wood] responded, " The Sec-
retary does not always wait tor an appropriation
by law when he wants to carry out an object."
How prophetic and significant!
On the 1st of J uly, 1870, debate was resumed.
I had then the honor to observe the valuable
features of this plain four per cent, loan, and
called upon General Schenck for reliable au-
thority as to whether the four per cents, could
be negotiated. He announced in response his
confident expectation, from communications
in his possession from banks and bankers in
France, that this loan would be taken, and
that, too, without the intervention of agents
or jobbers. While anxious to reduce inter-
est, I regretted that there was not a ''prohibi-
tion against the Department indulging in the
great abuse heretofore practiced of employing
agents to fill their own pockets out of the sale
of bonds." (Globe, 5000.)
Further to illustrate the history of this legis-
lation, a member of the Ways and Means [Mr.
Kelley] assumed to speak from men who
knew (perhaps they were of the syndicate)
that there were $200,000,000 in the country
ready for the four per cent. ; and with that, or
half of it, in the Treasury, "we could redeem
in a few months every overdue five-twenty
bond!" Again, my experienced colleague,
[Mr. Wood,] cautioned the House, that while
the Ways and Means might have opportunities
to know much, they were in the position "for
having practiced on them the grossest decep-
tions for interested purposes." (Globe, 5068.)
Then there was a flurry and a fight! The
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayn'ard,]
of the Ways and Means, fiercely called my col-
league to order. He was in such high dudgeon
at this truthful and prophetic remark, that my
colleague barely missed being honored by a
second censure. Still he reiterated that there
were tricks to be guarded against from a class
of selfish and adventurous bankers. This was
before the " syndicate" had been baptized,
though it was doubtless born and active at
that time. On the 1st of July, 1870, that bill
passed the House. I was one of those who did
not vote for it nor against it; I feared the
Greeks. As my colleague's amendmentagainst
employing agents had been voted down, I was
apprehensive that such corrupt agencies would
be used, as it were, constructively; for the very
voting down of the amendment would have
been made, as we can now see, a pretext for
the employment of suspicious agencies outside
of the Treasury. The bill, however, was not
a bad one. It was rightly called a bill for
"refunding and consolidating" the debt. If
squarely executed, it would have avoided the
late questionable transactions as to the syndic-
ate; and it would have enabled the tax-payer
to save the two per cent, which it was claimed
would have been saved by the issuance of an
untaxed long bond of four per cent.
I regret now that I did not vote for thatbill.
We got something worse in the end. Sub-
sequent study and reflection have convinced
me that by just management, and without the
agencies of so peculiar and exclusive a nature
as this syndicate, such a bond could in a
reasonable time—at least before 1872—have
been advantageously placed upon the market,
and a great saving made to the overburdened
people. Time, energy, and reduced taxation
would have enabled a skillful Government to
fund its great debt. Our enterprise and surplus
capital would have prevented the prolongation
and increase of the immitigable calamity of for-
eign indebtedness. With borrower and lender
both here, with principal and interest located at
home, with our money supplies oil the ground,
would we not have retained those easily earned
profits or interest which are now carried out of
the country on over twelve hundred million
dollars of our securities? Would we not have
avoided our present slavish dependence upon
the mercy of the foreign creditor? Would we
not have avoided giving away the command
of our resources, the payment of interest and
redemption of money abroad, and the regula-
tion of rates of exchange, which inevitably
follow such slavish dependence?
Why should we go over Europe with our five
per cent, bonds and our half per cent, com-
missions and other losses, and by juggling
syndicates seek in vain for the prompt and
proper recognition of our resources and our
credit? Is there any reason why this country,
so affluent in wealth, and so grand m destiny—
the young giant of the globe, just putting on
its imperial purple of power, if not of strength-
should not have the same credit as other coun-
tries? One of the most careful writers—I mean
Fenn, in his work on " Funds," (1867, London
edition)—estimates the average annual rate of
interest of Great Britain and her colonies at
four per cent. The interest, as we know, of
the public debt of Great Britain alone, or most
of her debt, to wit, her consols, is but three per
cent.; that is, on about seven hundred million
pounds, out of her£781,500,000, the interest is
but three per cent.
In a time like this, when scientific and me-
chanical agencies are cumulating means ; when
the gold and silver of the mountains are being
delved after with such skill, persistency, and
reward; when only since 1860the English home
debt has diminished one hundred millions, and
when, as we have boasted, we pay the same on
our debt per year; when money is so plentiful
that in seven years, up to 1867, the world's
national debt has increased S5,000,000,000,
not counting the enormous railway debts of
the world—$1,500,000,000 more ; at such an
epoch of the world, when credit, once a pigmy,
has become a gigantic wonder, our nation,
under its boasted rule of men " entirely great,"
goesaround theworid dickering with parvenu
bankers and soi disant syndicates at the rate
of seven and a half millions, as commissions
on fifteen hundred millions only, and that,
too, at an interest or premium one per cent,
greater than the average rate of all other
nations!
I speak in no party sense when I say that
we are humiliated by such fiscal failures and
scandals.
But this House was not originally responsi-
ble. Brave words were spoken here by Repub-
lican leaders against passing under the sena-
torial and syndicate yoke. But the vote shows
we went under! The fact is, we are yet under!
But this is not the exact grievance which is
complained of just now, and which I brought
to the attention of the House by my original
resolution. The Globe records of the 12th
July, 1870, page 5461, show how hard it was
to eat the leek tendered to the House by the
Senate and syndicate; but there was one con-
solation the leader (General Schenck) gave to
the House, and that is, that the Senate had
agreed to the House demand against using
special agents. This is his remark: I had it
marked for quotation before my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] struck it so pertinently
and cogently; it is remarkable in view of
recent events:
"We objected to the employing of agents, and
that part of the section was abandoned by the Senate,
but we agreed the Secretary might use asuni not
exceeding one half of one per cent, for the purpose
of engraving:, printing, issuing, advertising, and
disposing of the bonds. In doing this it is with tne
assurance and undei>tandmg that theiewill be no
attempt to exercise the power not given to appoint
special agents: but they will go on employing and
commissioning, and those who do the business,
whoever the\ may be, who exercise any agency in
putting the bonds on the market, will receive their
commission. In other words, it will open the bonds
to everybody, but there can be no special agents."
And yet the honorable Secretary, in the face
of this official statement from the head of the
