1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
That if a bridge shall be built under this act as
a draw bridge, the same shall be constructed
as a pivot draw-bridge, with a draw over the
main channel of the river at an accessible and
navigable point, and with spans of not less
than one hundred and sixty feet in length in
the clear on each side of the central or pivot
pier of the draw, and the next adjoining spans
to the draw shall not be less than two hundred
and fifty feet; and said spans shall not be less
than thirty feet above low-water mark, and not
less than ten feet above extreme high-water
mark, measuring to the bottom chord of the
bridge, and the piers of said bridge shall be
jiarallel with the current of the river: And
provided also, That said draw shall be opened
promptly, upon reasonable signal, for the
passage of boats whose construction shall not
be such as to admit of their passage under the
permanent spans of said bridge, except when
trains are passing over the same, but in no
ease shall unnecessary delay occur in opening
the said draw during or after the passage of
trains: And provided further, That the cor-
poration building said bridge may, if not un-
authorized by the provisions of its charter of
incorporation, enter upon the banks of said
river, either above or below the point of the
location of said bridge, for a distance of seven
miles, and erect and maintain break-waters or
use such other means as may be necessary to
make a channel lor said river, and confine the
flow of the water to a permanent channel, and
to do whatever may be necessary to accomplish
said object, but shall not impede or obstruct
the navigation of ihe said river ; and all plans
for such works or erections upon the banks of
the river shall first be submitted to the Secre-
tary of War for his approval.
Sec. 3. That any bridge built under this act,
and according to its limitations, shall be a law-
ful structure, and shall be recognized and
known as a post route, upon which, also, no
higher cliatge shall be made for the transmis-
sion over the same of the mails, the troops,
and the munitions of war of the United States
than the rate per mile paid for their transport-
ation over the railroads or public highways
leading to the said bridge.
Sue. 4. That in case of any litigation arising
from any obstruction, or alleged obstruction,
to the free navigation of the Missouri river, at
or near the crossingof said bridge, and caused
or alleged to be caused thereby, the cause
shall be commenced and tried in the district
courts of either judicial districts of Missouri or
Kansas in which the said bridge or any portion
of such obstruction touches; and the right to
alter or amend this act so as to prevent or
remove all material obstructions to the navi-
gation of said river by the construction of said
bridge is hereby expressly reserved, and all
such alterations, when required by law, shall
be made at the expense of said bridge com-
pany ; and the plan on which such bridge is
intended to be built and shall be built shall be
lirst submitted to and approved by the Secre-
taty ot War.
Sec. 0. That the Saint Joseph Bridge Build-
ing Company, alter the passage of this act,
shall not, have the right to assign the charter
wl,idi said company now holds by assignment
fiom the Saint Joseph and Denver City Rail-
road Company, and which was granted to said
last-named company by virtue of an act of
Congioss, approved July fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and seventy, to any other company,
pet son, or persons; nor shall said bridge-
buiiuiug company be permitted, under the
said charter so obtained as aforesaid, from the
Satin Joseph and Denver City Railroad Com-
pany, t) construct any other bridge than the
out* now being constructed at Saint Joseph,
Missouri.
Approved, March 5, 1872.
Chap. XXIX.—An Act to provide for the ad-
mission of Paintings, Statuary [Statury],
and Photographs for Exhibition free of
Duty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of theUnited States of America in
Congress assembled, That all paintings, statu-
rary, [statuary,] and photographic pictnres
imported into the United States for exhibi-
tion by any association duly authorized under
the laws of the United States or any State
for the promotion and encouragement of
science, art, or industry, and not intended for
sale, shall be admitted free of duty, under
such rules and regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury shall prescribe : Provided, That
bonds shall be given for the payment to the
United States of such duties as are now im-
posed by law upon any and all of such articles
as shall not be re-exported within six months
after such importation.
Approved, March 5, 1872.
Chap. XXX.—An Act transferring certain
Powers and Duties to the Department of
Justice, and providing a Seal therefor.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all and singular
the powers conferred and duties enjoined by
existing laws upon the Secretary of the In-
terior relating to the imprisonment or dis-
charge of convicted offenders against the laws
of the United States, or to the Reform School
and jail in the District of Columbia, be, and
the same are hereby, transferred to the De
partment of Justice.
Seo. 2. That the seal heretofore provided
for the office of the Attorney General shall be
the seal of the Department of Justice, with
such change in the device as the President of
the United States shall approve, and all books,
papers, documents, and records in said De-
partment of Justice may be copied and certi-
fied under seal in the same manner as those
in the State Department, and with the same
force and effect.
Approved, March 5, 1872,
Ciiap. XXXI.—An Act supplementary to the
Act entitled "An Act to prevent the exterm-
ination of Fur-bearing Animals in Alaska."
Be it enacted by the Senate and Rome of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to appoint one agent and three assistant
agents, who shall be charged with the manage-
ment of the seal fisheries in Alaska, and the
performance of such other duties as may be
assigned to them by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; and the said agent shall receive the sum
of ten dollars each day, one assistant agent the
sum of eight dollars each day, and two assist-
ant agents the sum of six dollars each day
while so employed; and they shall also be
allowed their necessary travelling expenses in
going to and returning from Alaska, for which
expenses vouchers shall be presented to the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, and
such expenses shall not exceed in the aggre-
gate six hundred dollars each in any one year:
Provided, That such agents shall never be
interested, directly or indirectly, in any lease
of the right to take seals, nor in any proceeds
nor profits thereof, neither as owner, agent,
partner, or otherwise.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized to erect a
dwelling-house upon each of the islands of.St.
Paul ami St. George, for the use of said agents,
the cost of both not to exceed six thousand
dollars.
Seo. 3. That the said agents be, and they
are hereby, empowered to administer oaths
in all cases relating to the service of the United
States, and to take testimony in Alaska for
the use of the Government in any matter con-
cerning the public revenues.
Approved, March 5, 1872.
Chap. XXXII.—An Act amending the Act
approved July twenty-seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, entitled "An Act
relating to Pensions."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the second section
of the act of Congress approved July twenty-
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
entitled "An act relating to pensions," be
amended by inserting after the word " com-
mission," in said section, the words " or was
at some naval station."
Approved, March 6, 1872.
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act to repeal the para-
graphsof Schedule C of the Internal Revenue
Acts imposing Taxes on canned Meats, Fish,
and certain other articles.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act so much of schedule C of
the internal revenue acts as imposes a tax on
any "can, bottle, or other single package con-
taining meats, fish, shell-fish, fruits, vegetables,
sauces, sirups, prepared mustard, jams, or jel-
lies," be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 5, 1872.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act to amend section
thirty-five of an Act entitled "An Act to re-
duce Internal Taxes, and for other purposes."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the privileges of the
act entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes," approved July four-
teen, eighteen hundred and seventy, be, and
are hereby, extended to the port of Toledo,
in the State of Ohio.
Approved, March 5, 1872.
Chap. XXXV.—An Act to defray the Expenses
of District Judges from other districts while
holding District or Circuit Courts in the
Southern District of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever, in virtue
of section three of the act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two," passed March
third, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, a
district judge, from another district, shall hold
a district or circuit court in the southern dis-
trict of New York, his expenses, not exceed-
ing ten dollars per day, certified by him, shall
be paid by the marshal of said district, as a
part of the expenses of the court, and be
allowed in his account.
Approved, March 5, 1872.
Chap. XXXVI.—An Act to provide for the
Survey of the Harborand River at Washing-
ton, D. C.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the chief of engin-
eers of the United States Army, the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey, the engineer in
