1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4331
with the sum of $25 50, being the value of
stamps and stamped envelopes stolen or de-
stroyed bv hostile Indians on the 12th of June,
1869.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted in the affirmative,) and the bill was
MRS. F. SELINA BUCHANAN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1106) for the relief of
Mrs. F. Selina Buchanan.
Mr. ARCHER. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
so referred.
INDIANS IN CENTRAL SDPERINTENDENCY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1175) for the relief of cer-
tain Indians in the central superintendency.
Mr. SHANKS. I offer an amendment in
the nature of a substitute for that bill, and
move that the bill with that amendment be
passed. The original bill was drawn without
reference to a treaty of 1867, which changes
the character of the title to seven thousand
acres of land. It became necessary, with ref-
erence to that treaty, to draw a substitute for
the bill, which I believe will be accepted by
the Senate.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Beit enacted, &c„ That the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be, and he is hereby, directed and required to
have an inventory taken of all the lands and appurte-
nances thereto appertaining, remaining unsold, men-
tioned in the sixth articlc of the treaty between the
United States and said tribe of Indians, concluded
June 24, A. D. 18G2, and proclaimed July 28, 1802,
or acquired, held, or controlled under authority
conferred by said article, including any lands for-
merly trust-lands, belonging to saidtribe, purchased
and held by the trustees provided for in said article ;
including also any land acquired by the trustees of
Ottawa University, under authority of the twentieth
article of the treaty of July 28, 1867 between the
United States and the Senecas, Mixed Senecas, Shaw-
nees, and other Indians or in any other manner,
together also with thesection of land reserved under
the provisions of said article of the treaty aforesaid
for the location of a school and the appurtenances
thereto appertaining; also, of all bonds, notes, mort-
gages, moneys, oredits, assets, and other property
arising from sales heretofore made of lands men-
tioned in the said sixth article of said treaty, or
from sale of lands purchased by the trustees pro-
vided l'or therein, or from any other source, and the
said lands, premises, appurtenances, bonds, notes,
mortgages, credits, assets, and other property afore-
said, shall be inventoried and appraised by three
commissioners, who shall be appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior. After the inventory and ap-
graisement of said lands, premises, appurtenances.
onds, notes, mortgages, moneys, credits, assets, and
other property aforesaid, as herein provided, the
Secretary of the Interior shall be, and hereby is,
authorized and required forthwith to take posses-
sion of for the United States, advertise, and sell the
same upon such terms and conditions as he may
prescribe: Provided, however, That such advertise-
ment shall be inserted orice in each week for four
weeks, successively, in a newspaper published and
havmggeneral circulation in Franklin county, Kan-
sas, and for the same length of time in the State
paper of Kansas, published at the city of Topeka,
State of Kansas: And provided further, Thatnobid
shall be accepted that may belessthan theappraised
value of such premises and other property: And
provided farther. That said bonds, notes, mortgages,
credits, personal property, and assets shall be sold
in separate parcels, and the land shall be sold ill
parcels of not more than one hundred and sixty
acres each; and no purchaser' shall be permitted to
purchase more than one quarter section thereof.
Upon the payment of the purchase-money of said
land upon the terms and conditions aforesaid, the
Secretary of the Interior shall cause to be issued to
the purchaser or purchasers, patents for the sa-me.
Said land, and the whole thereof, shall besubject
to taxation as other lands in the State of Kansas
are taxable, notwithstanding any provisions of law
heretofore existing. The said commissioners are
authorized to examine under oath any person, or
persons, touching the property, credits, or assets
hereinbefore mentioned, and to compel the produc-
tion of such books or other testimony as may per-
tain to the same. And for thispurposethey are, and
each of them is hereby, empowered to administer all
necessary oaths; and the trustees, acting under said
sixth article ofsaid treaty, are hereby required upon
demand to account to said commissioners for all mon-
eys, property.ohoses in action,or asaetsof any descrip-
tion that may be now or at any time heretofore have
been in tbeir possession, or under theircontrol, and
the trust created by virtue of said article is hereby
discharged, vacated, and declared at an end. But,
nothing herein contained shall bo so construed as
to relieve the said trustees, or any of them, from
any liability incurred in the management or dis-
position of said property, or any part thereof. The
proceeds of such sales shall be paid to the several
members of the saidtribe, their heirs or assigns,
per capita; and in case any of the members of said
tribe are minors, then such' sums of money as are
due or coining to them from such proceeds shall be
paid to the guardian of such minors appointed
under the laws of the State of Kansas.
The commissioners to bo appointed under the
provisions of this act shall receive compensation for
their services at the rate of five dollars for each day
actually engaged in the duties herein designated,
in addition to the amount paid by them for actual
travel and other necessary expenses, and the said
sums and expenses shall be paid out of the funds
arising from the sales of the property herein pro-
vided to be disposed of.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the substitule
having been agreed to, the bill, as amended,
was read three times, and passed.
AMERICAN FORK RAILWAY COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S No. 1031) granting to the
American Fork Railway Company the right
of way through the public lands for the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph.
The bill was read.
Mr. WALLS. I move that this bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. DUNNELL. I hope this bill will not
have that reference, but that it. may be allowed
to remain upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. WALLS. One reason for moving to
refer is that, as I understood the reading of
the bill, it not only gives the right of way to
this corporation, but it makes the General
Government liable for the bonds of this com-
pany to the extent of $20,000 a mile. That,
is my reason for making this motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill does not make the
Government liable at all, but on the contrary
it expressly provides that the Government
shall not be liable. I wish to make this re
mark: I understand that this is a short road,
only about seventeen miles long. Power is
conferred by this bill on this corporation,
organized under the laws of the Territory of
Utah, to mortgage its road for $20,000a mile,
for which the Government,of the United States
is not to be made responsible. Nobody would
ever dream that tlie Government, could be
made responsible for the debts of this corpor-
ation. This bill is of a class, of which we
have passed several during the past few weeks,
conferring upon corporations organized under
territorial legislation this power to mortgage
their roads. I think this practice has grown
up recently. It is proposed by this bill to
confer upon this corporation the power to
mortgage its road to the extent of $20,000 per
mile. We are increasing the power of these
corporations.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is debate In order?
Mr. HOLMAN. We are recognizing the
right of territorial Legislatures to create cor-
porations, which I think is a wise policy. But
we are also assuming to increase the powers
of corporations so created. That, ! think, is
a grave objection to all this class oi bills.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is thegentleman in favor
of the passage of this bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not; I want it re-
ferred.
' Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I would like to
say a few words on this bill.
Mr. NEGLBY." I object to any further
debate.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
AMERICAN REGISTER TO BARK JEWESS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1144, to give to the barb
Jewess an American register.
The bill, whieh was read, provides that the
bark Jewess, built in Chelsea, Massachusetts,
in 1863, and now owned by Morns Ketcham,
of Connecticut, shall be relieved from all dis-
abilities imposed upon said vessel by reason
of an act of Congress entitled *' An act to reg-
ulate the registering of vessels," passed Feb-
ruary 10, 18(56, and that the owner of said
vessel shall be allowed to register the same
and to obtain a certificate therefor upon com-
plying with the usual requirements of law.
Mr. HOLMAN. We have already passed-
a general provision in the tariff bill by which
this vessel can obtain an American register
again. Bnt inasmuch as this is a Senate bill,
and if there be any doubt about the extent of
the provision in the tariff act, it would seem to
be entirely proper that this bill should pa-,8.
Mr. CONGER. The bill which was passed
to-day was the first bill which has passed Con<
grebs giving a register to a vessel, except it was
nearly in accordance with the laws authorizing
the issuing of an American register. We have
at one step gone over the line, and if this bill
should pass, against the unanimous and con-
tinued report of the Committee on Commerce
for the last three years at least, then we shall
bring into the United States all the old craft
that are afloat, not only those that were sold
during the war and have been repaired a little
here and there, but every old useless craft will
come to our borders, be sold to our citizens,
and get a new register. There can be no more
effectual means of breaking dowu the ship-
building interests of the United States than to
flood our waters with these old, worn-out, use-
less, repaired craft. But as I said to-day, when
1 saw the particular advocates of the ship-
building interests from Maine, Masssachusetts,
and the New England coast generally, coming
forward and voting to destroy their own ship-
ping interests, I withdraw from the contest, for
such measures do not affect me nor my district.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the proposition
involved in this bill 
Mr. BELL. I object to debate.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to; there being
ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
GBORGB WRiaHT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 239) for the relief of
George Wright; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that out of any money in
the Treasury of the United States not other-
wise appropriated the Secretary of the Treas-
ury pay to George Wright the sum of $1,500,
in full consideration for the entire past and
future use by the Government of the United
States of his patent linch pin. But Wright is
first to execute and deposit with the War De-
partment a full, sufficient, and legal transfer
and license to the Government to use said
linch pin for Government purposes, free of
all charges or royalty.
Mr. KELLOGG. I suggest that this bill
ought to be referred to the Committee ou
Patents. I make that motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say a single
word, and the House can then determine
whether this bill ought to pass.
Mr. BELL. I object to debate.
Mr. HOLIIAN, 1 certainly do not, think
the gentleman will do so much injustice as to
refuse to hear a word in reference to this bill.
Mr. MAYNAKD. Does the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holkan] want the bill
passed at this time?
Mr. BELL. I understand that debate is not
in order, and I insist on my objection.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order;
and, objection being made, the Chair will not
entertain it.
Mr, HOLMAN. I trust the bill will be
allowed to remain on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Kei.i.oou] to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee ou Patents.
The question being taken on the motion,
there were—ayes 52, noes 2-5; no quorum
voting.
Mr. HOLM AN. I trust that I shall now bo
allowed to make a statement. Tbis bill has
