1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2539
tion to the transportation and exportation of
imported goods, wares, and merchandise in
bond through certain ports in the State of
Texas.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1638) to create the Linkton
land district in the Slate of Oregon; and
A bill (H. 11. No. 22-53) for the relief of
Cathron & McGuire, bankers and brokers of
the city of Rome, Georgia.
KEPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask leave, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to report adversely upon
the bill (S. No. 729) for the relief of John R.
Gaines, on the ground that the proof, in our
judgment, is insufficient to justify the grant-
ing of a pension. I move that'the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Mrs. Gabriella P. Moody, praying that she be
allowed a pension, have instructed me to re-
port it back and ask to be discharged from its
further consideration, on the ground that the
soldier does not appear (o have satisfactorily
proved that the disability under which he was
laboring resulted from any service, and sec-
ondly, that if it did this does not fall within
the class of cases where a pension may be
allowed inasmuch as he died from another
cause after the termination of the war.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also instructed by
the same committee, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 865j for the relief of Mrs.
Mary A. McParland, widow of Peter McFar-
land, and the minor children of the same, to
report it adversely on the ground that it does
not appear satisfactorily proved to us that the
person died from the effect of the wound he
received in the Army, but from another cause.
I move the indefinite postponement of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REKKRllKD.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (II. R. No. 1661) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873—to
the Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 1812) authorizing the
First National Bank of Newnan to change its
location—to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 1858) to authorize the
city of Buffalo, New Yark, to construct a tun-
nel under Niagara river and to erect and main-
tain an inlet pier therefrom, for the purpose
of supplying the city of Buffalo with pure
water—to the Committee on Commerce.
The bill (H. 11. No. 232o) to regulate the
seizure and examination of invoices, books
and papers, iu customs revenue cases, was
read twice by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That ought to go to the
Committee on the Judiciary. It is a law bill,
undoubtedly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have looked over that
bill, and we have been considering the subject
informally in the Committee on Finance. It
came from the Committee of Ways and Means
in the House, and relates simply to the mode
of examining the papers of private citizens in
matters growing out of the collection of cus-
toms. If the Senator says the Judiciary Com-
mittee have investigated it to any extent, I will
not object to its going to them.
Mr. EDMUND;. It, is au amendment to
a hili to prevent smuggling, and for other
purposes, which was a bill that came origin-
ally from the Committee on Commerce, and
does not relate to the revenue at all, but- re-
lates to the methods of enforcing revenue
laws. I have looked at the bill, and it in-
volves purely questions of the private rights
of citizens as against seizure and judicial pro-
ceeding. Therefore, plainly it is a judicial
bill, and nothing else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair may
state that a large number of petitions, which
had yellow covers upon them, in regard to
seizures were referred by the Senate, after
some discussion, to the Committee on the
Judiciary. If that involves this question 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly the same ques-
tion.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The hill (H. R. No. 2199) to incorporate the
Great Salt Lake and Colorado River Railroad
| Company, and to grant to said company aright
i of way through the public lands of the United
j States, was read twice by its titfe.
i Mr. POMEROY. I ask to have that bill
j lie on the table, as the Committee on Public
i Lands have reported on that subject.
| It was so ordered.
j EQUAL RIGHTS IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
] Mr. SUMNER. There is one other bill
j reported by the Committee on the District of
; Columbia, which I now ask to have consid-
! ered; Senate bill No. 865.
| The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
! proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 365) to
! secure equal rights in the public schools of
' Washington and Georgetown.
I The bill proposes to abolish, from and after
j its passage, the board of trustees of colored
j schools of the cities of Washington and George-
j town, as created by and under an act relat-
ing to schools for the education of colored
j children in the cities of Washington and
: Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
approved July 11, 1862, or by or under any
other acts.
All the powers and duties conferred by any
act of Congress on the board of trustees of
colored schools, hereby abolished, are hereafter
to be exercised and performed by the trustees
of public schools in aud for the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, or by such persons as
have official control of the public schools in
either of these places; but no distinction on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude is to be made in the admission
of pupils to any of the public schools under
the control of such trustees or other persons,
or in the mode of education or treatment of
pupils iu such schools; and hereafter, instead
of separate funds, there shall be one common
fund in these cities, set apart and devoted to
educational purposes in accordance with this
act.
The name of any child applying for admis-
sion to a public school, and of every person
applying for service as a teacher, is to be re-
corded in the order of application, and acted
on accordingly : but there shall be no prefer-
ence among applicants on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude, nor
shall there be on this account any difference
in the grade or compensation of teachers.
Ail the provisions of the act are to be appli-
cable in all respects to the board of commis-
i sioners of primary schools of Washington
county, District of Columbia.
If any trustee, commissioner, or other per-
son having control of the public schools shall
violate any of the provisions of the act, or
attempt so to do, his official powers in the
premises shall, ipsofacto,cease and be vacated ;
and it shall be the duty of the proper persons
appointing such trustee, commissioner, or
other person, to supply the vacancy with as
little delay as possible, and in such appoint-
ment there shall be no distinction on account
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude. Any person excluded from the equal
rights herein secured is to be entitled to recover
damages therefor in an action on the case,
the action of a child to be brought by a per-'
son duly authorized to sue in his behalf.
Mr. SUMNER. There is one amendment
I wish made on the third line, to strike out the
words " from and after the passage of this act,''
and then to insert a new section :
That this act shall go into effect from and after
June 30,1872.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. S TOCKTON. I have not had an oppor-
tunity of examining this bill. I have just seen
it for the first time, and I should be very sorry
to have the bill go through without our having
the advantage ot some explanation of it from
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very much obliged
to the Senator. The bill was reported at the
last Congress. The Senator had his attention
called to it doubtless then, but has forgotten.
It was introduced by me last December in this
Congress, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported from thatcom-
mittee, and is now before the Senate for final
action. It is in pursuance of the recommend-
ation and prayer of the trustees of the colored
schools of the District as communicated to
the Senate January 19, 1871, by the Secretary
of the Interior, the report of these trustees
being addressed to that Secretary. In the
course of that report, which I have now in my
hand, the trustees declare that, in their judg-
ment, the best interests of the colored people
require the consolidation of the schools; thai
the colored people suffer through the existing
system of separation. They desire that the
schools shall all be brought under one head
and be a unit. I will not take time to rend
their report. Suffice it to say it is very posi-
tive and very complete. I hope, therefore,
there can be no objection to the bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. I trust we shall have that
report read. I should like very much to hear
it. I have not seen it.
Mi. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
ask for that. I hope he will allow us to vote.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not like to vote on
this bill without knowledge.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have no doubt my friend
is perfectly instructed, lie knows how to vote.
Mr. STOCKTON. 1 recall this thing now.
I recollect the nice distinctions drawn by the
Senator from Massachusetts when he spoke
on this bill once before. I recollect very dis-
tinctly that he satisfied me of this fact: that
what he wanted for the colored people was not
equal rights; and he made one of the most
beautiful explanations of the difference be-
tween the same thing and equal things that I
ever heard. His reasoning seemed to be about
this: I had a horse and another man had a
horse, which was a better horse than mine,
and he wanted this horse because it was my
horse. That was the point he arrived at. I
think it was on this bill that the Senator frum
Massachusetts painted in glowing terms, in
terms that were sulficient to make the heart
of any Senator bleed, the horrors and suffer-
ings of a poor colored man who saw that his
child had to walk two squares further to get
to school, being educated at that time by the
charity of the public, than a white man's child I
Now, I want some light thrown on this sub-
ject. I understand the fact to be that the col-
ored people of the District of Columbia, to
speak seriously, have just as good schools,
have just as much money spent for their
schools, in proportion to their numbers, as the
white people have. I am perfectly willing to
go as far as the Senator from Massachusetts,
or any Senator in this body, to see that our
colored fellow-citizens shall have every equal
right; but that does not make it necessary
that we shall insist upon violating the righu
of white people, and "force both races into the
same schools. If tliey have as good a thing,
if they have what is practically the same
thing, why is it necessary that we should over-
come or seek to overcome a natural prejudice
which certainly will not die out within our
