696
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 12,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
charge of public buildings and grounds, the
Governor of the District of Columbia, Alexan-
der R. Shepherd, and Carlisle P. Patterson,
■who shall serve without compensation, are
hereby created a board of purvey, and are em-
powered and instructed to examine into the
condition of the harbors and landings for ves-
sels from the Anacostia bridge, on the eastern
branch, along the entire water-front of the city
of Washington and Georgetown, to the head
of tide-water. And the said board are directed
to report to Congress, at as early a day as prac-
ticable, a full and comprehensive plan for
opening, improving, and developing the water-
channel so as to secure the best possible har-
bor facilities along said water-front. And the
said board are also directed to take into con-
sideration the sanitary effect upon the city of
Washington, and the feasibility of reclaiming,
in any improvements suggested, the swamp
and marsh lands along said water-front: Pro-
vided, That any expense attending said report
shall not exceed one thousand dollars, and
shall be paid by the District of Columbia.
Approved, March 5, 1872.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act to authorize the
issuing of a Certificate of Registry to the
Brig "Michael aid Anna. "
Beit enactedby the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to is-
sue a certificate of registry to the brig " Michael
and Anne," the property of T. B. Marshall
and brother, of the city of Savannah, State of
Georgia.
Approved, March 5, 1872.
Chap. XXXVT1I.—An Act authorizing an
American Register to the British Brig " Isa-
dora," owned by Edwin M. Fowle, of New-
ton, Massachusetts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to issue an American register to the
British brig "Isadora," owned by Edwin M.
Fowle, of Newton, Massachusetts.
Approved, March 5, 1872.
Chap. XXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of
Lucas, O'Brien, Dickinson, and other coun-
ties in the State of Iowa.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of the General Land Office is hereby authorized
and required to receive and examine the
selections of swamp lands in Lucas, O'Brien,
Dickinson, and such other counties in the
State of Iowa as formerly presented their
selections to the surveyor general of the dis-
trict including that State, and allow or disallow
said selections, and indemnity provided for
according to the acts of Congress in force
touching the same at the time such selections
were made, without prejudice to legal entries
or the rights of bona fide settlers under the
homestead and pre-emption laws of the United
States prior to the date of this act.
Approved, March 5, 1872.
Ciiap. XL.—An Act for the Relief of George
W. Morse.
Beit enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents be, and he hereby is, authorized to
entertain and exeicise jurisdiction over peti-
tions of George W. Morse for the extension
of two letters-patent granted to him on the
twenty-e:ghth day of October, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, for a further term of seven
years from the day on which such extensions
may be granted, and to hear the testimony of
the applicant and determine upon the said
petitions in the same manner and with the
same effect as if the original terms of said
patents, or of any foreign patents covering the
same inventions, had not expired, and to grant
or refuse such extensions upon the same prin-
ciples, otherwise, thatgovern his decisions upon
such applications when made under the law
of July eighth, eighteen hundred and seventy:
Provided, That no person shall be held liable
for the infringement of said patents, if ex-
tended, for making use of said inventions since
the expiration of the original terms of said
patents, and prior to the date of their exten-
sion: And provided further, That any person,
firm, or corporation now engaged in the
manufacture of fire-arms, and using said in-
vention, shall be entitled to use the machinery
made or constructed by them for manufac-
turing the same since the expiration of the
original terms of said patents, without liability
during the term of said extension.
Approved, March 11, 1872.
Chap. XLfl.—An Act to create an additional
Land District in the State of Nevada.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all that portion of
the Siate of Nevada, embraced in the follow-
ing described limits, to wit, commencing at
the corner common to townships twenty-four
and twenty-five north, range forty four and
forty-five east, Mount Diable base and merid-
ian; thence running due east to the eastern
boundary line of the State of Nevada; thence
north on said eastern boundary of said State
to the north boundary of said State; thence
west on said north boundary of said State to
the eastern boundary of the Carson land dis-
trict; thence south along said eastern bound-
ary of the Carson land district to the place of
beginning, shall constitute a separate land dis-
trict, to be called the Elko land district, the
office of which shall be located at Elko, in
Elko county, State of Nevada; which locaiion
may be changed by the President of the Uni-
ted States from time to time as the public
interest may require.
Sec. 2. That the President shall appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
or in the recess of the Senate, a register and a
receiver of public moneys for said district, and
said officers shall reside in the place where
said land office is located, and shall have the
same powers and receive the same emoluments
as the same officers now receive in the other
land districts in said State.
Appkoved, March 12, 1872.
Chap. XLTIL-—An Act to create an additional
Land District in the State of Minnesota.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United htates be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to establish an additional land district in
the State of Minnesota, embracing all that
part, of the present Alexandria land district
which lies north of township number one hun-
dred and thirty six north, and west of range
number thirty five west of the fifth principal
meridian, and to fix from time to time the
boundaries thereof, which district shall be
named after the place at which the office shall
first be established; and the President shall
have, power to fix from time to time the loca-
tion of the office for such district.
SiEO.2. That the President is hereby author-
ized to appoint, by and with the advice aod
consent of the Senate, a register and receiver
for said land district, who shall be required to
reside at the site of the land office for said
district, who shall be subject to the same laws
and responsibilities, and whose compensation,
respectively, shall be the same as that now
allowed by law to other land officers in said
State.
Approved, March 12, 1872.
Chap. XLIV.—An Act authorizing the War-
ren National Bank of South Danvers,in the
State of Massachusetts, to change its Name
to the Warren National Bank of Peabody,
Massachusetts.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Warren National
Bank of South Danvers, now located in Pea-
body, Massachusetts, is hereby authorized to
change its name to the Warren National Bank
of Peabody, Massachusetts. Whenever the
stockholders representing three foui-ths of the
capital of said bank, at a meeting called for
that purpose, determine to make such change,
the president and cashier shall execute a cer-
tificate under the corporate seal of the bank
specifying such determination, and shall cause
the same to be recoided in the office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, and thereupon
such change of name shall be effected, and the
operations of discount and deposit of said
bank shall be carried on under the name of
the Warren National Bank of Peabody, in the
town of Peabody, in the county of Essex,
State of Massachusetts.
Sec. 2. That nothing in this act contained
shall be so construed as in any manner to
release the said bank from any liability, or
affect any action or proceeding in law in which
the said bank may be a party or interested.
And when such change shall have been de-
termined upon as aforesaid, notice thereof
and of such change shall be published in at
least two weekly newspapers in the county of
Essex for not less than four successive weeks.
Sec. 3. That this act, shall take effect and
be in force from and afier its passage.
Approved, March 12, 1872.
Chap. XLV.—An Act to authorize the pur-
chase of a Site for a Public Building at
Cincinnati, Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'lhat the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to purchase a central and suitable site
in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, for the erec-
tion of & building for the accommodation of
the United States courts, custom-house, Uni-
ted States depository, post office, internal rev-
enue and pension offices, at a cost not exceed-
ing three hundred thousand dollars: Provided,
That no money which may hereafier be appro-
priated for this purpose s-ha.il be used or ex-
pended in the purchase of said site until a
valid title thereto shall be vested in the United
States, and until the State of Ohio shall cede
its jurisdiction over the same, and shall duly
release and relinquish to the United States
the right to tax or m any way assess said site
and the property of the United States that
may^be thereon during the time that the Uni-
ted States shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Approved, March 12, 1872.
Chap. XLVI —An Act to authorize th£ Con-
structs of a fire proof Building at Albany,
New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
