1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
Mr. HILL. I was aware that the judge of
the southern district of New York, I think, is
paid $5,000. I do not think $6,000 too much
for him.
Mr. CORBETT. No, he is not paid that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the California
judge who is paid $5,000, and the New
Orleans judge $4,500.
Mr. HILL. 1 will make the exception at
the suggestion of the Senator from Illinois,
and add "no salary shall exceed $5,000."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia which asks unanimous consent
to modify his amendment.
Mr. COLE. That proposition is so much
in the interest of economy and civil service
reform, that I must object 1
Mr. HILL. Then 1 must go before the Sen-
ate on the proposition as it. stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. S TOCKTON. I regret very much the
Senator from Georgia has felt it his duty to
offer this amendment at this time. The mat-
ter of the salaries of the district judges was
considered, carefully I think, by the Senate
last year and fixed as it now is.
Several Senators. No! No!
Mr. STOCKTON. I think my language is
accurate. The motion to change the salaries
failed, but they were fixed as they now are.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
raising the salaries was passed by the Senate,
but failed in a committee of conference, as
the Chair understands.
Mr. STOCKTON. Whatever may be the
history of it, my view of that question is sim-
ply this: I am not prepared at the present
moment to vote against an increase of the
salaries of the district judges, but I do not see
why Senators compel us to vote upon increas-
ing the salaries of two distinct classes of judges
at the same time. Why not let, the amend
ment be considered separately? Why not let
us decide in reference to raising the salaries
of the judges of the Court of Claims first, and
vote upon the other proposition afterward?
"Why should this proposition relative to the dis-
trict judges be offered to the amendment pro-
viding for the judges of the Court of Claims?
Mr. President, in one point of view the
"Court of Claims is the most important court
in this country, and 1 might almost say in any
country. The duty of every court in this land,
from a court of pie poiulre to the Supreme
Court of the United States, is to consider
questions between citizens of the same State,
between citizens of different States, between
States, between citizens and aliens; but you
have selected by your own will certain gentle-
men, and have placed them between the peo-
ple and the Government of the United States.
You have given them this delicate duty, an
exceedingly delicate one, to protect the honor
of this country and never permit honest and
just claims to be repudiated, and at the same
time to protect the country and the Govern-
ment from being plundered by false claims ;
and to the amount of millions and millions
of dollars claims against the Government
come before these judges.
Honesty, integrity, ability, learning in the
law never were needed in any position in life
to a greater degree than they are needed in the
Court of Claims. That the services of those
judges are miserablyunderpaid, no man in the
Senate who knows what those judges could
make if they were practicing their profession
at the bar can doubt. Now, I ask the Senate
to vote upon this question. I ask the Senator
from Georgia to let us vote upon this question,
and then let him bring up his proposition as
an original amendment to the bill, and let us
vote in that order upon the respective proposi-
tions as they come up, and that is the logical
and proper order.
Mr. President, the payment of poor salaries
never was an economy to any Government,
nor was it ever an economy to any private estab-
lishment. I recollect distinctly—it crosses
my mind now—a story told me once by a gen-
tleman who was the president of a bank, and
who was at one time a Senator on this floor.
On going into his banking-house day after day
small peculations were discovered which were
committed on the bank, gradually increasing,
until he finally lit upon the man who was
guilty. He called him in, kind hearted man
as he was, and examined him. Finally, when
the evidence of guilt was forced upon him,
the guilty man admitted it 'The president,
treated him kindly, and told him he would
advance out of his own pocket, the money to
save his reputation, and let him go quietly
from the bank. Then said the officer to him,
"Now I will give you a piece of advice in
return for your kindness; never again employ
a man with a wife and seven children to han-
dle your money on a salary of $800 a year."
When the question was before the Senate
upon this very bill, whether the salary of the
supervising architect of the Treasury, Mr.
Mullett, should be raised, I voted to increase
that salary. I have seen it stated in the news-
papers that the sum which is being appropri-
ated for the public buildings in the United
States amounts to something like six million
dollars a year. I do not mean to state the
sum.accurately.
Mr. COLE. It is $16,000,000. Itwasstated
the other day on the floor of the Senate lhat
the appropriations for public buildings this
year amount to $16,000,000, iueluding the
building in New Jersey.
Mr. STOCKTON. "Including the building
in New Jersey," which we have at last suc-
ceeded in providing for, despite the Senator
from California, who, although he voted in the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds m
favor of the bill, voted in the Senate against it.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator if the yeas
and nays were called on that bill?
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not mean to say
that the Senator voted against it on the final
vote, but he objected to it sconsiderat,ion, and
he was only induced to withdraw his objection
by the kindness of the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Conkmng.]
Mr. COLE. I objected to it because itwas so
palpably out of order when the Senator called
it up.
Mr. STOCKTON. I suppose this allusion
was rather a joke on the part of the Senator
from California; but the difficulty is that he
has stopped my speech, and I do not remem-
ber exactly the point I was on when he inter-
rupted me. [Laughter.]
1 believe I was illustrating this question by
the case of Mr. Mullett, supervising architect,
a gentleman who passes through his hands
millions and millions of dollars, and it matters
not whether the number of millions is six or
sixteen. Somebody asked the Senate to raise
his salary a few hundred dollars a year. That
man ought to have a proper salary—not that
he would be tempted to let, anything stick in
his hands, for I have not the slightest idea
that he would. I know him but slightly, but
everybody speaks well of him. I say it is no
economy to pay such a man a low salary. It
is not right in the Government or in a private
institution to ask men of ability, who can go
elsewhere and get more, to have the respons-
ibility of passing millions of dollars through
their hands without proper pay. No Govern-
ment or individual in the world ever made
anything by such a policy, and no man prac-
tices it in his own business.
Mr. President, in this bill you are raising
the salary of the police of this Capitol, as you
did the other day, men whose service is en-
tirely inside this building, men whose duties
are light, men from whom you require rioth
ing else in the world except the same duties
you would require of a porter in a store: and
whose work is not quite so hard. I made no
objection to it. The reason, as far as I could
get at it, was that they were the Capitol police,
and because they were the Capitol police there
was a dignity around their persons which re-
quired that they should get salary enough to
live a certain way. Now, it is not necessary
for those men to live in great dignity. When
you seek those men, what is it you want them
to do? To spend six years ot their lives in
hard study, to pass through hard examinations,
and thirty years of steady, hard brain-worlc at
their profession before they can be put in this
position or reach it or be capable of getting
it? 'They have done nothing at all; there is
nothing required of them except faithfulness
in walking up and down the building. They
are to receive a salary, I think, of $1,500 a
year. 1 made no objection to it, but I do
insist upon it that if we want civil service
reform, the whole thing from beginning to
end depends upon your selecting officers by
an honest man. The man who makes that
selection, or the committee that makes the
selection, appointed as it may be, should se-
lect a proper man and pay him a proper salary.
That is what it comes to ; I do not care how
it is done.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan] the
other day said that the examining board went
to a certain place to examine applicants for a
position, and out of twenty three if could be
told before the examination took place who
was to be selected. If it is done in that way,
of course there is no explanation of it, except
that they do not go there for the purpose of
selecting the proper men for the place ; they
do not go there m the interest of the Govern-
ment. 11" the President of the United States
sees proper to appoint a man to ofiice for other
reasons than that he is a competent and fitting
man for that place, that cannot be helped ; the
fault then is m the President, and he should
be the first man hit. Civil service reform
should commence by reforming him. If the
fault is in the commission, let it be charged to
the commission. But if the commission be
dishonest, it only serves to divide and weaken
the responsibility of continuing to sacrifice
the public interests to personal favoritism and
party necessities. It inay protect the Presi-
dent, but it fastens the evil more firmly than
ever on the country. No reform of any kind
can be carried through except that reform
which starts on the fact that the men who
make the appointments shall be guided by the
interest of the country, be guided by the fact
that a solemn duty is on them to select the
best men, and when the best men are selected,
civil service reform requires that they shall be
properly paid.
Mr. President, I had no intention of making
a speech. I rose simply to say to the Senate
that I really thought of all the cases that had
come before them this was the most important
and meritorious, and to beg the Senator from
Georgia to let us have a vote upon this, and
then let him offer his own proposition and we
can vote upon that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no desire to occupy
the time of the Senate, and I will therefore
simply move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Minnesota will withdraw that motion and let
us vote. Do let us finish this bill some time
or other.
Mr. RAMSEY. I thought it was the desire
of the Senate to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the motion will
be withdrawn for a moment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will withdraw it for a
minute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wish to say
a word. We have come to this point on this
bill several times; we all understand this
question ; and why can we not vote and finish
the bill? If we go over to-day we shall have
this thing all over to-morrow. Every Senator
understands the meaning of these motions.
We have a proposition moved to raise the sal-
