1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2541
aticm at present, but I certainly wish to pro-
ceed with the appropriation bill 
Mr. SUMNER. There can be no objection
to that after this bill is through.
Mr. COLE. The Senator will not interrupt
me.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Delaware
stated that the bill could not pass to-night,
and I supposed he meant what he said, that it
would lead to very considerable discussion.
Ifthat is likely to be the course of proceeding,
of course I do not wish that we shall waste
much time upon it to-night, because time is
very important.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair still
desires to ask what is the precise motion of
the Senator from California ? If to lay on the
table, it is not debatable.
Mr. COLE. If we can get a vote on the bill
of the Senator from Massachusetts, I am will-
ing to continue with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California withdraws his motion. The Chair
will recognize the Senator from Delaware, if
he claims the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn, and on that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HILL. My colleague, Mr. Norwood.
has gone home to Georgia on matters of
importance.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I will state
that Governor Stevevson" is confined to his
room by sickness.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays '29 ; as foilows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of West. Virginia, Gotdthwaite, Hill,
Hitchcock, Kelly, Sherman, and Stockton—12.
NAY'S — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Cragin. Edmunds, -Ferry of .Michigan, jFre-
linghuysen, lluvre, Kellogg, Morrill of Maino, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Rice, Robertson, Sawyer. Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
YYtndom, and Wright—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow. Caldwell,
Carpenter. Davis of Kentucky. Fenton, Terry of
Connecticut, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Johnston,
Lewis, Logan, Morton, Norwood. Nye, Pool, Ram-
sey, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Sprague, Stevenson,
Thuruian, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, West, and
Wilson—32.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. Piesident, we have
heard a great deal upon the importance of
education, and a great deal upon its capacity
as a lever, a great moral lever in this country,
which shall redeem political parties from any
embarrassments into which their headlong
haste may have precipitated them. We are
having large appropriations made to establish
departments and bureaus unauthorized by the
Constitution of the country. Here in this Dis-
trict,, which is wholly at the mercy of Con-
gress, a measure is now proposed which has
never yet found favor in any other portion of
the Union where the people were permitted
to govern themselves, and it is brought into
Congress without one word of explanation or
recommendation, without the exhibition of a
single petition from any portion of the people
who are to be affected by this law, either those
against whose interests it is leveled with great
animosity, or those whom most blindly it pro-
poses to assist. There is nothing before the
Senate to indicate that there is a popular de-
mand, counting people even by the head in
this District, for the passage of such a, law.
No Senator has stood here to say that in his
own knowledge he believed that any such act
is desired by any respectable portion, even
speaking numerically, of the people of this
District; and yet in the face of ail these facts,
of the great importance of the subject, in the
face of this attempt to embark now for the
first time  
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator from Delaware
will yield to me, as I suppose he purposes to
discuss this measure, and the hour is very late,
I think the Senate will not deny the Senator
from Delaware the courtesy of an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. BAYARD. It is a matter for the con-
sideration of the Senate as much as it is mine.
It is a measure of new impression and of great
importance; and I do not think the Senate
are going to discussit and pass this bill in the
time left of the session of to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the^ chair.) Does the Senator from
Delaware yield to the Senator from Missouri?
Mr. BA5f AKD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAIR. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; this is the order
then at one o'clock to-morrow, but I should
like to have a vote on it to-night if possible.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were on a division—ayes 16,
noes 18.
Mr. C ASSE RLY called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope not.
Mr. CASSELILY. It is an unparalleled
thing in the Senate, in my experience, to
refuse to adjourn when a Senator wishes to
apeak on a measure which has been only
before the Senate less than hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No debate
is in order. The Chair is taking the sense of
the Senate on sustaining the call for the yeas
and nays on the adjournment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
California would withdraw his call. I do not
think it is necessary; he wants to adjourn as
I do. If he will withdraw the motion for a
mir.ute, I will give my reasons.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays have been ordered ; but the call can
be withdrawn if there be no objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania wishes me to suspend this motion for
a few minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. I tise for the purpose of
making an inquiry whether or not it, was men-
tioned that some Senator desired to speak on
this question? 'If that is the case, I shall cer-
tainly vote to adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR. I will say to the Senator from
Illinois thatlmade the motion. The Senator
from Delaware was on the floor and was ad-
dressing the Senate and he yielded the floor to
me for the purpose of moving an adjournment
in order that he might speak on the question
to-morrow.
Mr. LOGAN. If that is the case, I shall
vote to adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose that no Sen-
ator desires to prevent any one from speaking
upon this subject who wishes to speak upon it
in good faith and not for the purpose of delay.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the motion
to adjourn withdrawn?
Mr. CASSERLY. For the time being.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to make a sug-
gestion as to the time when we shall take this
vote. I think Senators on this side of the
Chamber will agree that the Senators on the
other side shall have all the time for speaking.
Mr. SUMNER. All the time.
Mr. ANTHONY'. Nobody on this side
wishes to speak. Gentlemen on the other
side may speak as long as they please if we
can get a vote some time to-morrow.
Mr. BAYAUD. Mr. President, of course
if this bill is controlled by the judgment of
the Senate, it will very soon receive their
assent and pass the Senate in a very short
time. Themajoritycan take it np andean pass
it very soon ; butl believe that there are a good
many men in the Senate—and I hope tiiey are
not all on this side of the House—who will
recognize many of the dangers that lie within
such an act,of legislation. I believe that, the
bill should be discussed. If it is right, it will
bear discussion ; if it is wrong, its abuses
should be known to the country. In my sol-
emn judgment, it is a measure fraught with
evil to both races who are interested, in my
opinion, in keeping themselves separate in
public schools and in other public places. J[
do not think a measure of this kind should be
sought to be passed upon ten minutes' notice
and with no proper time given for discussion.
1 am not ready to discuss it now. I do not
know that I shall be particularly ready to dis-
cuss it to-morrow ; but whenever it comes up
there are some, things that I desire to say in
opposition to this bill, more or less imperfectly,
which I peihaps could say as well now, ex-
cept for my own convenience and Ihe con-
venience of the Senate, the usual time of
adjournment having arrived and our session
having lasted the usual peiiod. And 1 am
not disposed to make any concession of the
general right to debate this measure in the
usual and ordinary way. I believe there are
a good many members of the Senate—some I
know on this side of the House—who intend
to discuss it, not for the purpose of delay, not
merely with a dilatory view, but with a rea-
sonable intention of opposing openly, and as far
as they can successfully, the passage of a meas-
ure which we think an evil one, an unreason-
able one.
In that view I submit to the good sense of
the Senate whether it is well that, a motion to
adjourn at this, the ordinary period of the
Senate's adjournment, should be defeated?
Is it the intention of the Senate to sit out this
measure, and to refuse to its opponents, who
have certainly exhibited no disposition to
delay it, who have only asked for the usual
and ordinary opportunities to discuss it and
understand it., proper time to express their
opposition ?
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow me to
make one remark ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. HILL. 1 wish to say to the Senate that
I have been sent for in a case where a friend
is under arrest and needs my services. I have
already delayed two hours, though he has been
kept in court awaiting me, as I did not wish
to leave the Senate while this malter was
before it; and he has sent two or three mes-
sengers for me. I desire to go to his relief.
I ask the Senate to consider that so far as I
am concerned I may have something to say
pn the bill to-morrow; 1 expect very likely I
shall; hut I cannot stay here longer now.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think this question
ought to be discussed just as much as any Sen-
ator desires to discuss it, and I do not think it
is right in the beginning of a measure of this
kind to attempt to " sit, it out," and put Sen-
ators to the test, of physical endurance. At
the same time I presume the minority do not
wish to prevent the passage of any measure
which may receive the assent of the majority
by any factious opposition.
Mr. BAYARD. The minority have given
no such indication.
Mr. ANTHONY. And, sir, I will say that
I think the minority in this Senate, since I
have been here, have, never done so. I think
they have behaved with great fairness and
frankness and candor on that subject.
Mr. BAYARD. I am glad to hear so just
an encomium.
Mr. ANTHONY. But, now, if it is the
purpose of the majority to pass this bill, all
that the minority can desire is to 'nave a fair
opportunity for discussion. The Senator from
California [Mr. Cole] is pressing, in the inter-
est of the whole Senate, his appropriation bills.
Now, if we can agree to let those appropri
ation bills which lie is teady to take up be
considered to the exclusion of any other busi-
ness, and, after those have been deposed of
that are now ready for consideration, that this
bill shall be taken up and then proceeded with
to its conclusion, 1 think upon this side we
should agree to it.
