1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
involved an excess of the authority granted by the
funding act, and a violation, more, perhaps, of the
spirit of the act than of its terms, but in any case it
is a precedent that is very dangerous, though in the
hands of a man as honest as Mr. Boutwell it may
have worked no harm. It may be said that the
Secretary has made a good bargain for the country
notwithstanding, but this is not the question now
before us. Neither are we called upon to decide
-whether the spirit of the law did not restrict withm
too narrow limits the authority of the Secretary,
and thus require that the loan should be taken on
conditions which, if strictly complied with, would
have rendered it of no avail to appeal to foreign
capitalists."
Again it is said that he could not comply
■with the law forbidding the increase of the
debt; that there had to be a temporary increase.
I will not answer that further than to Bay that
if the Secretary could increase the debt for
three months §130,000.000, he could increase
it for three years $1,000,000,000.
But it is said "the law is impossible of exe-
cution." Ah ! Let another Republican paper
dispose of that; for it gives the tenderest con-
struction to this transaction. The New York
Evening Post, in a recent number, said:
" The Committee of Ways and Means have re-
ported on Mr. Boutwell's 'syndicate' business,
acquitting him of the charge that he exceeded his
powers by increasiog the tunded debt, or by incur-
ring an illegal expenditure. They do not deny that
the funding act forbids any increase of the princi-
pal debt,nor that the Secretary made a temporary
increase of it to the whole amount of the loan.
They do not deny that the same act limits the com-
mission on the loan to one half of one per cent., nor
that he gave the syndicate that percentage, and
the use of the whole amount of money borrowed tor
about ninety days besides. In each respect, there-
fore, there was an apparent violation of the act, ol
which the Secretary can be acquitted only by
pleading ambiguity in the law itself or ln.his acts.
The act did not contemplate such a negotiation as
he made. The terms of that negotiation were
expressly contrived to avoid a direct conflict with
the words of the act, or at least to find some pretext
among its own inconsistent provisions, while escap-
ing from the effect of its prohibitions. Inu is not
obedience."
I would like also to understand what the
Atlantic Monthly means by this statement in
defense of the Secretary •.
" The long and theshortofMr. Boutwell's explana-
tion is, that he has succeeded m iunding two hun-
dred millions of United States bonds'by means oi
violating the funding bill. A great deal of fault has
been found wish him for this; but when we reflect
how many laws are every year broken by officers ot
Government—how many sheriffs take illegal lees,
how many constables make illegal arrests, how
many consuls and ministers do queer things, and m
how many cases they m.ike handsome fortunes by the
violations of the law—Mr. Boutwell may well main-
tain that a Secretary who violates the laws ot the
country for thecoun try's good, and not for his private
emolument, is not as other men are.
I am willing to accord to the Secretary
good intentions, out of which this inquiry
arses. 1 did so when I offered the resolu-
tion. Bat he has no right to complain of the
criticism of the country on his acts, when he
himself confesses their doubtful legality by
asking congressional expression; and when
his own party defend him only on the ground
that he did good and made the loan by break-
ins of the law. He is the man of all others to
set an example of legal integrity. He is no vul-
gar custom-house moiety-monger; he is no
spoliator ou honest commerce or mercantile
enterprise. If I had been a Brutus, and he
had been illustrating his financial Csesarism.
and my blow bad made a vacancy. I should
lidvp to regret it, because liis place could or
■would not have been filled this year, perhaps,
by so acceptable a man. Iremember much to
his praise ami little to his dispraise, lheanow
I let flv at him was not unlike that ot Jona-
than. It was not intended so much to hit
him as to indicate his surroundings and vindi-
cate the law. '
Shall I ever forget that when I urged here
three vears ago a prompt response to my com-
plaints of the "general-order frauds ot the
New York custom-house; when J procured, a
paper to be signed by my colleagues here, in-
dorsing one from our merchants, representing
$:j50,0i)0.0il0 of commerce, he at once ordered
investigation? Hepromptly answered the res-
olution which I presented, and winch passed
this House. Shall I forget, to his praise, that
he wrote to the collector to suspend the swin-
dle, and put it on right grounds, too? Bat why
did he not abdicate when his order was con-
temned? Is power so sweet or honors so
full-handed in these degenerate days, that he
could afford to obey the dictates of men in
high places,-engaged less in the glory of equi-
table rule than in the "ennobling pursuits of
avarice?" Nor can I forget that my ideas on
this subject of pets and commissions have been
colored somewhat by that of Mr. Boutwell.
While a member of this House, on January 1,
18G9, he proposed a bill, forbidding "percent-
age, deduction, commission, or compensation
of any amount or kind to any person for the
negotiation of any of our securities or coin."
All honor to the Congressman! Can I thus
exclaim for the Secretary? That bill was
petitioned for by all the great bankers of the
United States. I bold their petition in my
hand, signed by hundreds. New York, Boston,
Philadelphia, and Chicago all demanded com-
petition and publicity in these matters; and the
Secretary then heeded them. But now he turns
from their prayer and hands over his principles
and his practice to the syndicate, and finds a
committee to indorse his " new departure."
Although my resolution is ignored by the
Ways and Means Committee, it has been pro-
ductive of good. It has developed enough.
It has killed the syndicate. The cry is, " No
more syndicates." I have proposed a bill
similar to that of the Secretary, which will
crystallize my ideas into a repealing law. If
my resolution has done no other good, it has
at least proclaimed the glaring detects of the
law, so loosely construed, even if for good
purposes. The country should be thankful
that the attention of Congress is called, not
only to the exceptional and juggling legisla-
tion of the last Congress, with a view to its
remedy, but called also to the fact that one
the best members of the Cabinet has fallen
into the practice of the head of the Govern-
ment. and has assumed authority never con-
ferred.
Besides, it became indispensable, under the
light of free journalism and Congressional
criticism, that our credit should not be further
tampered with and dishonored by such a sys-
tem of private greed and favoritism, We do
not want to grant an exclusive monopoly to
dicker in the public securities. Truly, we have
had enough ot these manipulations and muta-
tions of our investments. Their effect reaches
every element ot our wealth, every industry of
our laud, and every dollar of our capital. I
have an extract here which illustrates what I
say in a remarkable way:
"Extentof the Ring Operations.—Though the Treas-
ury ring rarely uses a dollar of its own money, its
financial operations count up among the thousand
millions. The contents of our national treasury
is ever at its command, and at times it controls ana
manipulates for its own benefit the entire bonded
debt of the nation. Able at any tune to seerotlv
lock up or unlock one or more hundred million dol-
lars of the people's money, it controls the \ alue ol
the merchants' wares and the products O i our manu-
facturers, farmers, mechanics, ana day-laborers
throughout the length and breadth of the land,
Having the power to manipulate our national ueut
by withdrawing bondslrom the market and secretly
or openly patting them afloat again, always at (xov-
ernment expense, the ring has our money market
almost, if not wholly, in its control. Counting Mr.
Boutwell's syndicate operation, a. large portion ot
: our national debt has been manipulated into and
I out of the market not less than thirteen times daring
' the last ten years. Any one at all iamihar witn
the rina's operations can trace these astounaing
financial jobs tor himsolt. lake a portion ot the
<5 \H> OOO.UtW Of the new live per cenfc recently put
upon the market, for example. This is the way it
W1-Umirwas Putin the market ten years ago by the
Treasury Department in the form ol ii easury \y.u-
rants, certificates oi indebtedness, quarteima^tCi t>
V°-'2!1NestCwithdra\vn or purchased iu by ring
brokers at a. heavy discount. of.vm
"3. It, then appeared m the market m the foim ot
S1"4?'urcHoibi>ek,s drawn out. by secret sale of Treas-
ury riDK commission brokers.
"5. The seven-thirty Treasury note makes its
appearance.
" 6. The seven-thirty note is withdrawn by ring
brokers.
7. Finds the honest greenback again m its place.
"8. The greenback is again'withdrawn bythe ring.
" 9. Shows the five-twenty bonds to have taken up
a position,
"10. The five-twenties, or a small portion of them,
disappear syndicateward.
" 11. The long-lost gold coin appears again.
"12. Gold coin disappears, what little there is of it
" 13. After a sojourn of ninety days in the syndi-
cate, the new five per cents make their appearance
in the market.
" A portion of the five per cents were exchanged
directly for five-twenties, thus reducing slightly the
number of manipulations of the portion directly con-
verted; the balance was managed as above stated,
making thirteen manipulations in all."
This may or may not be exactly the manner
iu which this remarkable syndicate performs;
but it is by no means distant from the truth.
Talk about Biddleand the United States bank!
Talk about the pet bank system of thirty years
ago. They were as mole-hills to this mountain
of fiscal favoritism.
And all these remarkable transmutations,
which have uo parallel in the sleights, of the
Oriental juggler, are done by what? a syndic-
ate ! And what, in the name of the common
people, is a syndicate?
What is a syndicate? Now, Mr. Speaker,
I am a little reluctant to trouble the House
with my researches into this nondescript. My
reluctance springs from the remarks made the
other day by the honorable gentleman, [Mr.
Dawes.] I have a chronic veneration for his
paternal ponderosity. I do not wish him to
understand that I felt the unkindness of his
chastisement. Pater ipsi colendi, (fee.—he
chastened out of love. Nor did I the other day,
when urging prompt action by the House on free
ships, mean to derogate from him or his com-
mittee, or others, while I seemed to.arrogate to
myself competent legislative knowledge on that
point. I am aware that if I should suggest to
this House that water, mixed or unmixed,
seeks its level, the gentleman would ask it to
be referred to the VYFays and Means, as that
committee has charge of the tax on fluids.
If 1 should propound the question of Mr.
Lincoln, that a man who has something can
better afford to pay something than one who
has nothing, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts would refer it to his sub-committee ou
the income. IE I should in a modest way
intimate that the greater contained the less,
and would wish it to go to the Committee
of the Whole, the leader of the House would
bv some ways and divers means divert, it
to his committee. W hen I ventured to say
that the House ought to know by this time
that it is better to buy things cheap than dear,
and that, too, whether made by a tall man or
short mail, male or female, black or white, a
man abroad or at home, whether the thing was
a peck of salt or a steamship, whether pea-
nuts or pis; iron, the gentleman would have it
referred for the consideration of the Ways and
Means. So that after his reproof I am fe-u fid,
a fortiori, to allude to any superioi knowledge
I have as to what is a, syndicate; it might be
referred. But I have had so many inquiries
about the syndicate, that 1 am anxious to tell
what I have heard, so as to answer the unso-
phisticated. In fact, when by the permission
of the Ways and Means I was honored by
being called before them, one of them asked
me what a syndicate was.
There are, Mr. Speaker, various idea- m tho
public mind as to what a syndicate is. Most,
of these ideas, as a scientist, and a Regent, of
the Smithsonian, I repudiate. My colleague.
[.Mr. Wood.] who seems to be an accorop ished
lexicographer, anticipated much that I would
say on this topic; but even his definition fails to
meet miblic curiosity or expectation. [Laugh-
ter.] * The vulgar idea is not one which this
refined House oujrht to embrace, A colored
citizen of South Carolina writes to know it it
is connected witli the Ku Klux. [Laughter.]
Mv friends from Vermont and Oli.o can answer
that question. True, my friend from lennes-
see [Mr. Maynabd] has shown here that the
