1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
Laws of the United States.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be constructed a fire-proof
building at Albany, New York, on a central
and suitable siie, to be donated to the United
Stales by the city or citizens of Albany, suit-
able for the accommodation of the custom-
house, post office, United States circuit and
district courts, and internal revenue offices in
said city, at a cost not exceeding the sum of
three hundred and fifty thousand dollars ; and
before commencing work on said building he
shall cause plans and estimates to be made
therefor, so that no expenditure shall be
made or authorized therefor exceeding the
sum herein named; said building to be con-
structed under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury: Provided, That no money
which may hereafter be appropriated for this
purpose shall be used or applied to the erec-
tion of said building until a valid title to the
site thereof shall be vested in the United
States, and until the State of New York shall
cede its jurisdiction over the same, and shall
also duly release and relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or in ■ any way assess
said site and the property of the'United States
that may be thereon during the time that the
United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
Approved, March 12, 1872.
Chap. XLVIf.—An Act to provide for the
designation of a Chief Medical Purveyor.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the President of
the United States be, and hereby is, author-
ized to appoint by selection from the present
assistant medic-il purveyors, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, a chief
medical purveyor of the Army, to fill the
vacancy now existing. Nothing herein shall
be construed to increase the pay of the
officers appointed to fill said vacancy.
Approved, March 12, 1872.
Chap. XLIX.—An Act to authorize the Sale
of Public Property at Houlton, Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United states of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized to sell
and convey the land and building belonging to
the United States at Houlton, Maine, known
as Hancock barracks, if, in his opinion, it
shall be for the interest of the Government to
sell the same, reserving to the county of
Aroostook so much of said land as shall be
necesfary for the monuments thereon erected,
by the consent of the War Department, to
establish a meridian line, which land shall be
granted to said county: Provided, That the
land so granted shall not exceed in value the
sum of five hundred dollars.
Approved, March 14, 1872.
Chap. LIII.—An Act to issue an American
Register to the Brig "A. L. Palmer."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby directed to issue an Amer-
ican register to the British-built brig ''A. L.
Palmer," wrecked, and rebuilt by American
citizens.
Approved, March 15, 1872.
Ciiap. LIV.—An Act authorizing the President
of the United S'ates to re-establish the Jlon-
roe Land District in the State of Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Conyress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, author-
ized, if in his judgment the public interests
would be subserved thereby, to re-establish the
Monroe land district in the State of Louisiana,
with the same boundaries that existed before
the consolidation ot said land district with the
land district at New Orleans.
Approved, March 16. 1872.
Chap. LV.—An Act to continue in force a
Grant to the State of Nevada for College
purposes.
Beitenacted by the Senaleand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the grant made to the
State of Nevada under section three of the act
of July fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
entitled "An act concerning certain lands
granted to the State of Nevada," shall not
cease by reason of the failure of the said S'ate
to provide at least one college, as required
by the several acts of Congress as a Condi
tion of said grant, but, the same shall continue
in full force: Provided. That all the condi-
tions of law be complied with prior to the
tenth of May, eighteen hundred and seventy-
seven.
Approved, March 16, 1872.
Chap. LVI.—An Act to restore the Records of
the United States Courts in the Northern
District of Illinois.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
reseutatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'lhat in procet-diug-i to
restore the records of the circuit and district
courts of the noithern district of Illinois, de-
stroyed by fire on the ninth of October, eight-
een hundred and seventy one, under the act
of March third, eighteen hundred and se; eiity-
one, entitled "An act relating to records of the
courts of the United States," the notice re-
quired by said act may be served upon any non-
resident of said district anywhere within the
jurisdiction of the United Slates, or in any
foreign country, the proofofthe service of such
notice, if made in a foreign country, to be certi-
fied by a minister or consul of the United States
in sucii country, under his official seal.
Sec. 2. l'hat a certified copy of the official
return of the district attorney, clerk of the
circuit or district court, or the marshal of the
northern district of Illinois, made in pur-
suance of law, and on file in the Department,
#of Justice, relating to any cause in either of
said courts to which the United States was a
party, the record of which was destroyed in
said fire, may be filed in the court to which it
appertains, and shall have the same force and
effect as if it weie an original return made to
said court: and in any case in which the names
of the parties, and the date aud amount of the
judgment or decree shall appear from such
returns, it shall be lawful for the court in
which they are filed to issue the necessary
process to enfotcc such decree or judgment in
the same manner as if the original record was
before .said court.
Sec. 3. That it shall be the duty of th,e dis-
trict attorney for the northern disuict ot lili
nois to take such steps as may be necessary to
restore the records and files of the circuit and
district courts of said district which were de-
stroyed by fire on the ninth of October, eight-
een hundred aud seventy-one, and iu which
the United States is interested, so far as the
judges of said courts, respectively, shall deem
it essential to the interests of the United States
that said ecords and files be restored; and
the judges of said courts, respectively, are
authorized to direct such steps to be taken as,
in their opinion, shall be deemed advisable to
restore the judgment dockets and indices of
said courts, and for that purpose, may direct
the performance, by the clerks of said courts,
and by the United States attorney for said dis-
trict, of any duty incident thereto, and said
clerks and said district attorney shall be al-
lowed such compensation and disbursements
for services rendered under this section (in
cases where no compensation is now provided
by law for such services) as may be allowed by
the Attorney General, and certified to be just
and reasonable by the judge of the court in
which said services are rendered, and the
amount so allowed shall be paid out of the
judiciary fund: Provided, however, That the
sum allowed the clerks of said courts shall not
exceed the sum of twelve thousand dollars,-
aud the entire compensation of the United
States attorney for such services shall not
exceed the sum of six thousand dollars.
Approved, March 18, 1872.
Chap. LVII.—An Act to amend section thirty-
five of an Act entitled "An Act to reduce
lniernal Taxes, and for other purposes."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the privileges of an
act. entitled ''An act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes," approved July four-
teenth, eighteen hundred and severity, be, and
are hereby extended to the port of Pittsburgh,
in the State of Pennsylvania, with the same
effect as if it had been inserted in the thirty-
fifth section of said act.
Approved, March 18, 1872.
Chap. LVIII.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to provide for a Building suited
to the use of the Post Office, the Pension and
Kevenue Officers, and the Judicial Officers
of the United States, in the City of Tienton,
New Jersey, "approved March third, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the entire cost of
tlie building heretolore authorized to be con-
structed at Trenton, New Jersey, including
the sight [site] thereof, be, and the same is
hereby, limited to the sum of two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars; and one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars in addition to the
amount heretofore appropriated is hereby ap-
propriated for the purpose aforesaid out of
any money iu the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated ; and the said building, instead of
being constructed strictly fire-proof, shall have
a fire proof vault extending to each story;
and all money heretofore and hereby appro-
priated shall be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall
cause proper plans and estimates to be made,
so lhat no expenditure shall be made or au-
thorized for the full completion of said build-
ing beyond the amount heretofore and hereby
appropriated: Provided, That no money here-
tofore or hereby appropriated shall be used or
applied for the purpose until a valid title to
the land for the site of such building shall be
vested in the United States, and until the
State shall also duly release and relinquish to
the United States the right to tax or in any
way assess said site, or the property of the
United States that may be thereon during the
time that the United States shall be or remain
the owner thereof.
Approved, March 18, 1872.
Chap. LIX.—An Act for the Construction of
an Addition to the United States Court-
house and Post Office Building in Indian-
apolis, Indiana, and for the purchase of
additional Ground adjoining the Site of
said Building.
Be it tv acted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in,
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the'
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized an'ijl
instructed to cause to be erected an addition
