698
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
42b Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
to the building now owned by the United
States in the city of Indianapolis, Indiana, to
correspond in design to the said building, and
suitable for the further accommodation of the
United States courts, post office, local land
offices, and internal revenue and pension
offices, at a cost not to exceed one hundred
thousand dollars ; said addition to be erected
on the grounds now owned by the United States.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he hereby is, authorized and directed
to negotiate for the purchase of the lot or part
of lot lying east of and adjoining the ground
on which the United States court-house and
post office building has been erected in the
city of Indianapolis, Indiana, at a cost to be
agreed upon by the owner or owners of said
lot or part of lot, and the judges of the cir
cuit and district courts of the United States
and the district attorney of the United Slates
for Indiana, and the postmaster at Indianap-
olis, subject to the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury: Provided, That no raonty
which may hereafter be appropriated for this
purpose shall be used or expended in the pur-
chase of said lot or part of lot until a valid
title thereto shall be vested in the United
States, and until the State of Indiana shall
cede its jurisdiction over the same, and shall
also duly release and relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or in any way assess
said lot or part of lot., and the property of the
United States that may be thereon during the
time that the United States shall be or remain
the owner thereof.
Approved, March 18, 1872.
Chap. LX.—An Act to provide for a Building
for the use of the Post. Office, Custom-
House, Pension Office, United States Cir-
cuit and District Courts, and Internal Rev-
enue Offices, at Hartford, Connecticut.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot the
Treasury be, mid he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be constructed a suitable
building at Hartford, Connecticut, for the ac-
commodation of the custom-house, post office,
pension office, United States circuit, and dis-
trict Courts, and internal revenue offices, at a
cost not exceeding three hundred thousand
dollars; said bnilding to be constructed with
a fiie proof vault extending to each story, and
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, who shall cause proper plans and
estimates to be made, so that no expenditure
shall be made or authorized for the. full com-
pletion of said building beyond the sutn of
three hundred thousand dollars: Provided,
That no money which may hereafter be appro-
priated shall be used or expended for the pur-
poses herein mentioned until a valid title to
the land for the site of such building, which,
it is understood, the city of Hartford proposes
to donate for this purpose, shall be vested in
the United State-', nor until the State of Con-
necticut shall cede its jurisdiction over the
.same, and also duly release and relinquish to
the United States the right to tax or in any
way assess said site, or the property of the
United States that may be thereon during the
time that the United States shall be or remain
the owner thereof.
Approved, March 18, 1872.
Chap. LXII.—An Act authorizing the survey
and marking of the Boundary between the
Territory of the United States and the Pos-
sessions of Great Britain, from the Lake of
the Woods to the summit of the Kocky
Mountains.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to co-operate with the Government of
Great Britain in the appointment of a joint
commission, in accordance with the plan and
estimates of Brigadier General A. A. Hum-
phreys, chief of engineers, submitted Novem-
ber twenty-third, eighteen hundred and seventy,
for determining the boundary line between the
United States and the British possessions, be-
tween the Lake of the Woods and the Rocky
mountains: Provided, however, That engineers
in the regular service of the United States
shall be employed exclusively as engineers in
the performance of the duties contemplated by
this act., without any additional salary, and the
Secretary of War is hereby directed to make
the necessary details of engineers for that
purpose.
Sec. 2. That fifty thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as may be required, be, and the
same is hereby, appiopriated, out of any motley
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
carry into effect the object of said joint com-
mission.
Approved, March 19, 1872.
Chap. LXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Pre-
emption Settlers in the State of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Hep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, all bona fide pre-
emption claimants who may have filed their
declaratory statements, prior to the passage of
this act, upon any of the public lands in the
State of California, shall have one year from
and after the passnge of this act in which to
make proof and payment of their respective
claims.
Approved, March 22, 1872.
Ciiap. LXV.—An Act appropriating Money for
the purchase ot'a suitable Site, and erecting
a Building thereon, in the Ciiy of Saint
Louis, Missouri, to be used for the purposes
of a Custom-House, Post Office, and other
Federal Offices.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
purchase, at a private sale, or by condemnation
in pursuance of the statutes of the State o£
Missouri, a suitable lot in the city of Saint
Louis, for the purpose of erecting thereon a
building, to be used for the purposes of a cus-
tom-house, post office, Unitcd States court, and
other Federal offices ; and that the sum of five
hundred thousand dollars, or so much thereof
as may be found necessary, is hereby appropri-
ated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the purchase of
said lot; and that the sum ot' thiee hundred
thousand dollars heretofore appropriated by an
act entitled ''An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, and tor other purposes,"
and extended by an act entitled "An act mak-
ing appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the civil service of the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, and for additional appropriations
for the service of they ear ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundied and seventy-two, and for
other purposes," approved April twentieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, shall be
applied toward the erection of the building
above mentioned ; and the Secretary of the
Irea^ury shall cause proper plans and estimates
to be made ; butno cxpendi'ure shall b^ made
or authorized for the consti uctiou of said build-
ing until a valid title to the land for the site uf
said building shall be vested in the United
States, and until the State of Missouri shall
cede its jurisdiction over said site and shall
also duly release and relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or in any way assess
said site, or the property of the United States
that may be thereon, during the time that the
United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof: Provided, That no expenditure shall
be made or authorized for the site exceeding
five hundred thousand dollars, nor for the full
completion of said building and site exceeding
two million two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars. All acts or parts of acts conflicting
with the provisions of this act are hereby re-
pealed.
Approved, March 27,1872.
Chap. LXVT.—An Act extending the Time
for the Completion of the Portage Lake and
Lake Superior Ship Canal.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That tune for the com-
pletion of the Portage Lake and Lake Supe-
rior ship canal be, and the same is hereby,
extended to the third day of March, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and seventy-three.
. .Approved, March 27, 1872.
Chap. LXXII.—An Act in addition to an Act
entitled "'An Act to amend an Act entitled
'An Act for the Removal of Causes in cer-
tain cases from State Courts,' approved July
. twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six," approved March second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever a personal
action has been or shall be brought in any
State court by an alien against any citizen of
a State who is, or atthe tirnethe alleged aciion
accrued was, a civil officer of the United States,
being non-resident of that State wherein juris-
diction is obtained by the State court, by per-
sonal service of process, such action may be
removed into the circuit court of the United
States in and for the district in which the de-
fendant shall have been served with process,
in the same manner as now provided for the
removal of an action brought in a State court
by the provisions of section three of the act
of March second, eighteen hundred and thirty-
three, entitled "An act further to provide for
the collection of duties on imports."
Approve}, March 30, 1872.
Chap. LXXIII.—An Act to authorize the
Construction of a Bridge across the Missis-
sippi river at or near the Town of Clinton,
in the State of Iowa, and other Bridges
across said river, and to establish them as
Post Roads.
Be it enact, ed by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be lawtul for
any person or persons, company or corpora-
tion, to build a bridge acro.-s the Mississippi
river, at such point on said river, within fifteen
miles oi the town of Clinton, in the blare of
Iowa, as may accommodate the Chicago, Bur-
lington, and Quincy railroad and its connec-
tions on the w^st side ot said river, and to lay
on or over said bridge railway iracks lor the
more perfect connection oi any railroads that
ate, or shall be, constructed to the said river
at or opposite said point, under thelimitations
and conditions hereinafter provided ; that said
bridge shall not interfere with the free naviga-
tion of said river beyond what is necessary in
order to carry into effect the rights and privi-
leges hereby granted j and in case of any liti-
gation arising from any obstruction, or alleged
obstruction, to the free navigation of said river,
the cause maybe tried before the district court
