4:334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
also to state that both the senatorial visitors
to West Point Military Academy appointed
by him, Senator Wilson of Massachusetts
and SenatorBL.ua of Missouri, have declined
to serve. The Chair appoints in their place the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Ames] and the
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton.]
Mr. Ames subsequently declined the ap-
pointment, and Mr. Stewakt was appointed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of
Thomas T. Scanlon, praying compensation for
certain cotton seized and sold by United States
authorities during the late war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying the passage of
the supplementary civil rights bill; which was
ordered to lie on the lable.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States and of the State of Tennes-
see, praying the passage of the supplementary
civil rights bill; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
SURKTIKS or JAMES T. MILLER.
Mr. POOL. I ask leave to make a report
from tlio Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further petitions the Chair will receive the
report.
Mr. POOL. My objoct is to put th«f bill on
its passage at once. _ I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (II. R. No. 1805) for the relief
of the sureties of James T. Miller, late col-
lector and depositary at Wilmington, North
Carolina, to report it back without amend-
ment. The bill has passed through the House
and is reported favorably by the committee
of the Senate. The court is in session this
week", and it is for the purpose of relieving
these sureties from liability. I hope it will
be considered now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to release and dis-
charge the sureties of James T. Miller, late of
Wilmington, North Carolina, upon his bonds
as collector and public depositary at Wilming-
ton, from all liability on the bonds to the
United States.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Do I un-
derstand that tliis bill is reported lavorublyby
the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. RANSOM. Yes, sir, it is reported by
the committee unanimously.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
EXI'KNSKS 01' TAKING CBNSUS.
Mr, BOllEMAN. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate hill No. f>27, reported favorably by
the Committeo on Appropriations.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 527) to reimburse United
States marshals for moneys necessarily ex-
pended by them in taking the ninth census
in excess of the compensation allowed them
under the law in force before the passage of
this act. The bill provides that when it is
made to appear by proof satisfactory to the
Secretary of the Interior that, in taking the
ninth census, any United States district mar-
shal has necessarily expended and paid out a
greater sum of money than is allowed him for
such services under the law now in force, the
Secretary may allow such marshal such sum,
in addition to what has heretofore been allowed
him, as to the Secretary may seem just and
reasonable, not exceeding ^1,000 in any one
case.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out the
following words:
Any United States district marshal has necessarily
expended and paid out a greater sum of money than
is allowed him for such services under the law in
force before the passage hereof, the Secretary may
allow such marshal such sura, in addition to what
has heretofore been allowed him, ag to the said Sec-
retary may seem just and reasonable.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
The total disbursements of any United States dis-
trict marshal, necessarily made, have been in excess
of his total receipts on acconnt of services rendered
by him in taking said census, the Secretary of the
Interior may allow each marshal such a sum, in
addition to what has been heretofore allowed him,
as shall be found necessary to reimburse such mar-
shal for suoh excess of necessary expenditure.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ELI MOORE.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R, No. 1298) for the relief of the estate of Ely
Moore, who was a receiver at a land office in
tie State of Kansas, have had the same under
consideration, and directed me to report it back
without amendment, and to ask for its present
consideration. It relates simply to paying the
register of a land office for clerk hire under
peculiar circumstances, which he was author-
ized to employ by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, but there was no appro-
priation to pay it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to allow the sum
of $11,299 to the estate of Ely Moore, late
register of the land office at Lccompton, Kan-
sas, for the money necessarily paid out and
expended by him in the payment of clerks
necessarily employed in the land oflice between
the 19th of January, 1857, and the 27th of
January. 1800.
Mr. rilURMAN. Why is it that this claim
husnot been paid long ago?
Mr. POMEItOY. It lias been presented
and has passed ihe Senate twice before, but
never passed the House until now. The name
is [-pulled wrong in the bill: it should be
" Ely'' instead of "Eli."
Mr. DAVIS, of West Vi rginia. I under-
stood the Senator from Kansas to say that
this was a claim for cleik hire, and uow I
understand if, is ,$11,000 and upward.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS, of West V xrginia. How could
that be?
Mr. POMEROY. I can tell you exactly.
In the early opening of our land office in
Kansas we had a dispute between what we
Called the free State men and others, and it
lasted two years. At the close of it one party
had jumped the claims of the other and this
man had to hold court for a year and a
half to decide questions of land titles, and no
provision was made for supplying him wiih
clerks. The law made none, and he had to
do it, and he was recommended to do it by
the Department. He died leaving his estate
without a dollar, and ever since we have tried
to get him compensated for the money he
actually paid out. The vouchers are all with
the bill, and it has been recommended by the
Department.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Is it a
House bill?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to take up Senate
bill 
^ Mr. CASSERLY. I have morning business.
The Committee ou Printing have instructed
me to report a resolution forprinting additional
copies of so much of the ninth census as re-
lates to the statistics of agriculture. I am also
instructed to ask tor its present consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to, as follows:
Henohed by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed six thou-
sand additional copies of so much of the ninth cen-
sus as relates to statistics of agriculture, for the use
of the Commissioner of Agriculture.
YELLOWSTONE KECONNOISSANCK.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am directed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
the letter of the Secretary of War accompany-
ing an engineers report of a reconnoissance
of the Yellowstone river, made in 1871, to re-
port a resolution for the printing of three thou-
sand additional copies of the report, and ask
for its present consideration. The expense will
he quite small, a little over one hundred dol-
lars.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows:
ItcHolved, That three thousand additional copios
of the letter of the Secretary of War accompanying
tlio engineer's report of a reconnoissance of theYel-
lowstone river, in 1871. be printed.
JAMES C. PICKKTT.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Eoreign Relations, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 2569) authorizing
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to revise and adjust the accounts of James C.
Pickett, late charg6 d'affaires to Peru to report
it back without amendment. It is a very sim-
ple bill and very short, and I ask that it be put
on its passage.
Mr. SUMNER. I must object, to that bill.
1 think that ought not to pass. It was once, I
know, very carefully considered by the com-
mittee some three or four years ago, an.d an
adverse report made.
Mr. CASbLRL\. There is a report in
favor of it from the House committee, and
tills bill 1 tliink is different from any that was
before the Foreign Relations Committee in the
time of the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. But I know the facts in
this case, and I think I can explain them so
that the Senate will not act favorably on it.
Mr. CASSfeJRLY. I ask leave to withdraw
the report. 1 think I can satisfy the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Cal-
ifornia withdraws his report.
KB PORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for the consideration
of Senate bill No. 420, to confer jurisdiction
ou the Court of Claims to hear and determine
the suit of Carondolet vs. The United States.
Mr. IUUMBULL. Is the morning busi-
ness through?
The PKESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. IRUMBULL. Let us run through the
morning business, and then one objection can-
not stop bills.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the
Committee 011 Finance to report a bill for the
relief of John Thompson Mason, formerly col-
lector of customs ut Baltiinoie, and ask for its
present consideration.
. Mr. IRUMBULL. That is just the same.
I shall object to it until the morning business
is heard.
Mr. BAYAKD. I ask to withdraw that
report if there is objection made.
Mr. AM ES, from theCommittee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. li. No.
2280) for the relief of John Cotter, reported
adversely, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senate, by unanimous
consent, agreed to proceed to the considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 9'J5, to perfect certain
land titles therein described, and I ask that it
be now proceeded with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When the morning busi-
ness is through I shall not object, but I do
not want to be in the position of being stopped
by a single objection.
