3438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1#,
really were interested. For example, I find
on the first page of the bill that it provides —
_ That the several circuit courts of the United States,
m which circuits there is a sea-port or sea-ports for
which there is a collector of customs or in whioh thore
is a port of entry, shall appoint a commissioner or
commissioners for the sea-port or ports within their
respective circuits, such commissioners to be termed
' shipping commissioners," &a.
The bill, in section four, page 3, commences
to define their duties as follows:
.And the general business of a shipping commis-
sioner shall be, first, to a fiord facilities for engaging
seamen by keeping a register of their names and
characters; secondly, to superintend their engage-
ment and discharge in manner hereinafter men-
tioned; thirdly, to provide means for securing the
presence onboard at the proper times of men who
are so engaged; fourthly, to facilitate the making
of apprenticeships to the sea service, and to per-
form suoh other duties relating to merchant seamen
and merchant ships as are hereby or may hereafter,
under tho powers herein contained, be committed to
him.
Then it specifies that they are to receive
certain fees. They are to keep a record of the
character of the seamen. They are to make
engagements for them. It is taking the busi-
ness of hiring the crew of a ship out of the hands
where it always has been and putting it into the
bands of officers appointed by the United
States, who are to have a fee. This may be
right. It may be right that a record of the
character of seamen shall be there kept by on
officer appointed by the Government. It is
possible, I think, that a great deal of injustice
might be done in that way. To register a
man as an unfit man might do him a great
deal of injury, and might be very unjust. It
is possible, it seems to me, that such a power,
which appears to be the main power of the bill,
might work unjustly. If the subject has been
carefully considered, of course 1 shall make
no objection to it. 1 turn again to page 0,
section nine and read as follows;
That every shipping commissioner appointed
under this aetsliall, if applied to for tho purpose of
apprenticing boys to the sea service by any masters
or owners of ships, or by any person or persons
legally qualified, give such assistance as is m thoir
power for facilitating tho making of such appren-
ticeships; but the shipping commissioner shall as-
certain that the boy has voluntarily consented to bo
bound, and that the parents orgunrdian of said boy
have consented to said apprenticeship, and hns at-
tained tho age of twelve years, and is of sufficient
health and strength, and that tho master to whom
tho boy is to be bound is a proper person for the
purpose.
The power of apprenticing is given to these
commissioners until the apprentice arrives at
the age of eighteen years. I turn again—I
simply noticed these matters as the bill was
read—to page 26, section forty two, beginning
in the eighth line of that section, as follows;
And every vessel bound on any foreign port shall
also be provided with at least one suit of woolen
clothing for each seaman for uso during the winter
months, and every such vessel shall be provided
with fuel and a sale and suitable room in which a
lire can be kept for the use of seamen.
A landsman might have added to that, that
■whenever the night shall be daik then; shall
be a lantern on the deck of the vessel. My
impression is that a lantern on the deck of a
vessel would be just about as injurious to the
seamen as the fire provided for them in some
safe place in the ship. The exposuie to cold
weather that seamen have to bear as a general
thing, if they have good clothing, protects
them against the necessity of fire to some ex-
tent, and making'a fire may be dangerous to
the ship, may be dangerous to them, and in
all human probability will be very injurious to
their health, just as a light would make them
blind. They learn to know where the ropes
are, and to find them in the dark, and one
single light on the deck of a vessel would
make every member of the crew perfectly
helpless. I simply ask if this provision has
been carefully considered. Here is an abso-
lute obligation on every ship going to sea that
it must have a fire for the use of seamen. This
is an absolute change. It is taking the com-
mand of the ship away from the captain and
obliging him to do all these things.
If it has been well considered, if It will be
for the benefit of seamen, if seamen have
examined the bill and approve it, or if the
committee have sufficient information from
seamen in regard to it, I certainly do not
object, for 1 do not know much about it. I
only snggest that we are changing the whole
code ; we are preventing crews from being
hired by the captains or owners of ships; we
are appointing agents to hire them for them ;
we are changing the admiralty laws which
control the contracts and which put the
responsibilities on the seamen for their con-
tract, and on those who hire them for theirs ;
and a code of this kind, changing the whole
laws of the mercantile marine, a code of fifty
pages read quickly by the Clerk, and put
through in a night session without a quorum,
may be a serious matter.
Now here is a clause in section fifty-one, a
very long clause in reference to the discipline
of seamen 
Mr. CHANDLER. If my honorable friend
fromNew Jersey desires more time to consider
this bill, of course 1 will consent that it may
lie over, and let us take up some other bill.
He evidently has not examined the bill. My
friend from Connecticut can answer his ques-
tions and assure him that the bill has been
very thoroughly considered; but I should pre-
fer to let it go over this evening and enable
my friend from New Jersey to have an oppor-
tunity to give it a more thorough examination
and allow us to lake up some other bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. I shall occupy but a
moment more of the time of the Senate. I
appreciate entirely that it is not delicate or
proper when a gentleman is here at the head
of a committee, putting through his business,
for others to make any objection that is un-
necessary.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg the Senator's
pardon. 1 did not mean to intimate anything
of that sort. I simply said that if he desired
time to examine the bill I was perfectly will-
ing to give it to him and let tho bill go over.
Mr. STOCKTON. I stated when 1 rose
that I did not rise to object; and if some
other Senator does not object, I shall not.
I desire lo call attention to one other clause,
which will be found on page 4!), at the cud of
the. bill:
Substitutes:
One ounce of coffee, or cocoa, or chocolate, may
bo substituted for ono quarter ounce of tea: molas-
ses lor sugar, tho quantity to be ono half more; one
pound of potatoes or yams; one half pound flour or
rice : one third pint of pease or ono quarter pint of
barley may bo substituted for oach other. When
fresh meat is issued, the proportion to be two
pounds per man per day, in lieu of saltmeat. Flour,
rice, and pease, beef, and pork, may be substituted
for each other, and for potatoes onions may bo
substituted.
That is of course in the interest of the sea-
men. It, is put in there for that purpose ; but
it is quite likely that it will be a very bard
task to supply the particular things mentioned
in this schedule in all parts of the world ; and
then penalties are imposed upon the officers
if they do not supply them in that way.
Now, sir, 1 make no motion in regard to the
bill. I have simply felt it proper to suggest
that it was too important a bill to be hurried
through.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am very glad that
the Senator from New Jersey lias made the
suggestions which he has. Many of them I
think could be answered in such a manner as
would be perfectly satisfactory to him. But I
should be very sorry to have a vote taken in
the Senate to night if there is any doubt about
the passage of the bill. I will snnply say that
it has been well considered by men better
qualified to judge of its merits than I am. It
is a bill that passed the Senate during the last
Congress substantially, and has also been well
considered by the House. But I would prefer
to have it go over that Senators may have more
time to consider it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the bill will be considered as
postponed until to-morrow.
1sridqb at mount vkknon, indiana.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 602, authorizing the construction of a
railroad bridge across the Ohio river at Mount
Vernon, in the State of Indiana.
The Chief Ci.erk. This bill was amended
and passed on the 25th March, and on the same
day a motion was entered by Mr. Scott to re-
consider the vote on the passage of the bill.
. Tim PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SCO TT. The reason I entered tho
motion to reconsider was that that bill, and I
think another one referring to another bridge
in Indiana, had omitted one of the provisions
contained in the general law recommended by
the engineer department for the regulation of
bridges across the Ohio river, and also omit-
ted those portions of that general bill which
related to bridges above the mouth of the Big
Sandy. I desired to secure the passage of tlv>
general law before any special laws were passed
which omitted the provisions of that general
law, as I deemed them essential for the pro-
tection of the navigation of the Ohio river.
I presume that, that general law, if not taken
up to-night, will be taken up very soon. It was
only for that reason that 1 entered tho motion
to reconsider in (his ease and another one.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator objects
to the 
Mr. PRATT. I do not understand that tho
Senator from Pennsylvania objects to the con-
sideration of this bill. I will state that the
Committeeon Commerce have agreed to amend
the bill since this motion to reconsider was
entered so as to confine the provisions of the
bill to a single bridge across the Ohio river at
Mount Vernon.
Mr. SCOTT. If tho chairman of the com-
mittee will say that they have added such
amendments as to make this bridge conform
to the proposed provisions of I he general law,
I shall withdraw my motion to reconsider.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the case. I
only ask tho Senate to pass this one bridge
bill to-night for my honorable friend from
Indiana; but this bill, as amended, conforms
exactly to the provisions of the general law.
Mr. SCOTT. Then let those amendments
be put on the bill, and I am willing it shall pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to reconsider, the Chair understands, is with-
drawn.
Mr. SCOTT. No, sir; it will be necessary
to put on the amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that no amendments have been
made to the bill since it passed. It has been
pending on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SCOri'. That is why. I_ state that if
the amendments which will make this bill con-
form to the general bill are now made, as I
understand the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce to say arc here proposed, 1 will
withdraw the objection. But I desire those
amendments to be added to the bill before it
passes. I will not withdraw the motion to
reconsider unless that is the understanding.
Mr. PRATT. If my friend from Pennsyl-
vania will attend to the amendments as they
are reported, he will sec that they conform
exactly to the provisions of the general bill.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 suggest that we had better
let the motion to reconsider prevail, and then
the bill can be taken up and the amendments
acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator ftom Pennsyl-
vania to reconsider the vote on the passage of
the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
