1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
for tbe bonds, for engraving, printing, advertising,
delivery, and ali other expenses of the same.
" Under this agreement the books were opened in
this country and in Europe, and by tbe last of
August subscription* were obtained tor the entire
amount offered."
Now, both the authority for and the restric-
tions upon the negotiation which we are con-
sidering are found in the actof July 14,1870.
It seems to be the fortune of the gentlemen
upon the other side to be able to read very
clearly every restrietion in the law, but to fail
to discover the purpose of the law and the
means for carrying it out. Now, I see, and
we all see, that if it is the object of gentlemen
to prevent the refunding of the debt, there is
a construction of the law which will put a
strait jacket upon the Treasury. If you read
only the last three lines of the first section you
understand that—
" Nothing in this act, or in any other law now in
force, shall be construed to authorize any increase
whatever of the bonded debt of the United States."
Read on, and you will find that the Secretary
is authorized to exchange th-^se new bonds for
the five twenties at par. But except by that
one method of exchange, par for par, no pos-
sible it-sue of a new bond can take place with-
out in a certain sense increasing the debt. No
matter how many five-twenties may have been
first redeemed, every issue of every bond is
ipso facto an increase of the debt. And fur-
ther : if gentlemen read only the last three
lines of the second section, it is possible to
put a strait-jacket upon the Treasury, so
that the Secretary may not be able to buy one
sheet of paper or to have one bond engraved.
So far has criticism gone as to claim that the
Secretary has a right under this clause to dis-
burse but one half of one per cent, of the
bonds actually negotiated. At the outset it is
conceivable the Secretary should have an offer
for $101).000: one half of one per cent, on that
sum would not enable him to have one bond
engraved, or to make any arrangements for
negotiation. All this is absurd, but all this is
in the very line of the argument of the gen-
tlemen on the other side.
Now, this act was passed for a purpose. It-
is, as defined by the title, " to authorize the
refunding of the national debt." It clothes
the Secretary of the Treasury with power to
carry out the purposes of the act, and it gives
him reasonable authority to do that. This is
clear not only from the spirit of the law, but
from its letter. In the second section it is
expressly provided—
"That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to sell and dispose of any of the bonds
issued under this act at not less than their par value
for coin, and to apply the proceeds thereof to the
redemption of any of the bonds of the United States
outstanding, and known as five-twenties. '
Of course, the process must be in that order.
The bonds must first be sold, and then the pro-
ceeds may be applied to the redemption of
five-twenties.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not seek to do away
with the force of the prohibition in either the
first or second section. The prohibition against
the increase of the bonded debt has a meaning,
and if ought to be enforced It may be inter-
preted to signify that the bonded debt shall not
be increased above the amount at which 11 stood
at the date of the passage of the act—July 11.
1870—and 1 believe there is no pretense that
in that sense the prohibition has been at all
violated. But there is another and a clear and
an intelligible sense in which that prohibition
may be read in connection with the second sec-
tion of theaet, which is, that the Secretary shall
sell these new bonds and apply the proceeds
to the redemption of five-twenties, and that
except, by this process the bonded debt shall
not be increased in tiny mode whatever.
Now that, it seems to rne, is the clear, sensi-
ble reading of the act. Any diversion of the
fund from that sacred purpose would be a vio-
lation of the law. It cannot be maintained
that these moneys have been applied in any
other way whatever. They have been devoted
to the redemption of the five twenties, and
they have been devoted promptly.
My friend and colleague upon the committee,
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
chooses to argue that there has been a certain
delay in calling in the five-twenties. Now, will
the House bear with me while I say that sub-
scriptions to this loan, as shown by the table
to which both my colleagues have referred,
runs down into this very current month of
January; and while a large portion of the sub-
scription was made in August, a considerable
portion is recorded in the very last days of
August. And it was not practicable for the
Secretary to know on the 1st of September that
it would be discreet for him to call in a larger
sum than he did call in, §100,000,000.
No wise officer can use money, certainly in
the payment of debts, unless he has it on hand.
One hundred million dollars is as much as the
Secretary of the Treasury could fairly calculate
as being in hand on the 1st of September. It
appears besides, and is in evidence before the
committee", that, as a matter of practical detail
in the Treasury, $2,000,000 of bonds is as
much as can be examined, verified, and ad-
justed in a day, and therefore it was not
practicable to call in any more at that time.
On the 7th of December the Secretary called
in $20,000,000, and $20,000,000 on the 20th,
showing a rapidity greater than the country
expected. Surely this is celerity as great as
discretion would justify in calling in the five-
twenties.
On these grounds it is obvious there has
been no increase in the bonded debt in the
sense of this act, and I am very glad to see,
and I desire to acknowledge and to recognize,
the fairness on the other side of gentlemen
who admit this conclusion, and have gone so
far at least toward permitting the Secretary to
refund the debt.
But there has been more persistent adher-
ence to the claim that the Secretary has vio-
lated the limitation with reference to the ex-
pense of preparing and issuing and disposing
of the bonds. Now, as a matter of fact, it
appears in the evidence of the Secretary of the
Treasury that he has paid or agreed to pay no
more than one half of one per cent, upon the
amount of bonds negotiated under this act.
By direct payments he has paid, not the mar-
velous sum which the gentlemen on the other
side say, but he has paid for negotiating
$200,000,000, including all the expenses of
engraving and printing and advertising, andof
agents of the Treasury crossing and recrossing
the Atlantic for the delivery of the -bonds, the
sum of but $1,000,000.
The gentleman on the other side chooses to
question the veracity of the Secretary, when
he says the expense of preparing the bonds,
advertising, &c., was !j>400.000. How much
was it, then? My eloquent friend from Ken-
tucky chose to put down the figure as an
"amount unknown." I prefer to take the
statement of the Secretary to so wild a guess
as that of my eloquent friend from Kentucky.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman will allow me
to say that the Secretary of the Treasury him-
self was called upon by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and myself to furnish
the figures, and reported yesterday morning
that he could not doit, that the statement can-
not be made out, and that he did not know
what they were himself. He first promised to
do it, and then said he could not.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. But his estimate
is $400,000; and the reason why he could
not tell the figures more exactly is that
the account is not closed, and cannot be
closed until the final adjustment with the syn-
dicate. But I do not understand, except by
way of rhetorical figure, that my friends on the
other side would dwell particularly upon that.
They do insist that in some indirect way
there has been allowed a greater sum to those
who have negotiated the loan. Itis notorious,
it is stated by the Secretary of the Treasury,
that all the proceeds of these bonds are de-
posited in national banks, with the security
of national bonds, and that they remain there
by agreement for three months. There is
nothing mysterious about that. The subscrip-
tions are all made through national banks.
The party known to the Treasury in subscrip-
tions is always a national bank. The money
lies always with the national bank, and always
with a deposit of national bonds as security.
Now what will the Secretary do with this •
money ? He has sold his bonds. What will
he do with the money? He wants to redeem
the five-twenties. He is met at once by the
fourth section of the act of July 14,1870, which
requires him—
" To pay at par and cancel in six per cent, bonds of
the United States, of the kind known as five-twenty
bonds, which have become or shall hereafter become
redeemable by the terms of their issue. But the
particular bonds so to be paid and canceled shall in
all cases be indicated and specified by class, date,
and number, in the order ot their numbers and is-
sues, beginning with the first numbered and issued,
in public notice to be given by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and in three months a.f ter the date of sueh
public notice the interest on the bonds so selected
and advertised to be paid shall cease."
Observe that he must give three months'
notice before interest can stop upon the five-
twenties. He gives that notice. He finds as
a practical result that the bonds do not come
in. He finds as a practical result not merely
before the interest is stopped but after the in-
terest is stopped the bonds are not presented.
Of the $20,000,000 called for in December less
than $100,000 has been so far presented. Of
the $100,000,000 called for in September and
on which interest has ceased, $14,000,000 still
remain unpreseuted. Practically, then, not
simply the law, but the preference of the hold-
ers of the five-twenties, prevents the Secretary
from using the money until the close of three
months. So also does, as I have already stated,
the detail of work in the Treasury. What
shall the Secretary do with this money ? He
might put it into the Treasury and lock it up.
That would be an evil in itself, but if he locks
the money up in the Treasury, when the bonds
Oome he must pour it out again, and then
$130,000,000 will go forth like a flood to ruin
the business of the country.
Is there any way in which he can use this
money? There is none. The law does not
provide any method in which he can get interest
on that money ; it is of no practical value what-
ever to the Treasury. But the forty fifth sec-
ion of the national banking law provides :
"That all associations under this act, when desig-
nated for that purpose by the Secretary ot the Treas-
ury, shall be depositories of public money, except
receipts from customs, under sueh regulations as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury;
and they may also be employed as financial agents
of the Government, and they shall perform all sueh
reasonable duties as depositories of public money
and financial agents of the Government as may be
required of them; and the Secretary ot theTreasury
shall require of the associations thus designated
satisfactory security, by tbe deposit of United States
bondsand otherwise, tor thesafe-keepingaaid prompt
payment of the public money deposited with them,
and for the faithful performance of their duties as
financial agents of the Government."
Notice, that the Secretary may "prescribe
regulations." Those regulations cannot refer
to security, because the close of the same sec-
tion refers to that. The regulations must refer
to the manner of depositand of drawing ; they
may refer to the time of drawing. The regu-
lations may by their terms be in force for ten
days, or a month, or three months. Those
regulations grow up by practice as well as by
the exact words of the Secretary._
It is customary when money is drawn by
express from a national bank to send by mail
a letter giving notice that the draft is made;
and an interval of one, two, or three days
sometimes occurs before the demand for the
money is received. A letter is sent calling
upon a bank to make a deposit elsewhere,
and a reasonable time is allowed to make the
deposit. The Government depositaries calcu-
late upon the length of time the Government
money shall be at rest, just as banks calculate
