1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4335
Mr. WINDOM. I thought the morning busi-
ness was through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The morning business is through ;
and the bill of the Senator from Minnesota
was taken up at the beginning of the session
subject to morning business.
Mr. SAWYER. I have a report to make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive it, although the call of reports has
been passed.
Mr. SAWYER. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was recommit-
ted the bill (H. R. No. 2217) giving theapproval
and sanction of Congress to the termini and
route of the Aneostia and Potomac River rail-
road, andto regulate its construction and opera-
tion, with the various amendments proposed,
beg leave to report the bill with amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no resolutions, the morning business is closed.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the bill I just reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made to the consideration of any bill.
Mr. SAWYER. It was understood when
referred to us that it should be acted on when
reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the morning business
through?
Mr. RAMSEY. I have a report to make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2935) to establish certain
post roads, have instructed me to report back
with amendments. 1 should be glad to have
it passed at once. It will take but tive minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made to the consideration of any bill in the
morning hour. If there be no resolutions,
the morning business is closed.
tbkiutouul charters.
Mr. CASSERLY. I entered the other day
a motion to reconsider the passage of House
bill No. 2633, amendatory of an act approved
March 2, 1869, entitled *'An act amendatory
of an act to provide a temporary government
for Montana," approved May 2, 1864. From
the representations made to me since by the
Delegates of the Territories, I wish to with-
draw that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the motion to reconsider may be
withdrawn. 'The motion is withdrawn.
lands in minnesota.
Mr. WINDOM. I' ask that the bill (S.
No/ 995) to perfect certain land titles therein
described be now acted on.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It authorizes
the Secretary of ihe Iuterior to permit the
purchase, with cash or military bounty-land
warrants, of such lands as may have been
located with claims arising under the seventh
clause of the second article of the treaty of
September 30, 1854, at such price per acre as
the Secretary of the Interior shall deem equi-.
table and proper, but not at a less price than
$1 25 per acre, and that owners and holders
of such claims in good faith be also permitted
to complete their entries, and to perfect their
titles under such claims upon compliance with
the terms mentioned; but it shall be shown
to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Interior that the claims are held by innocent
parties in good faith, and that the locations
made under such claims have been made in
good faith and by innocent holders. If the
lands already located with such claims, or any
portion thereof, shall have been otherwise
disposed of by direction of the General Land
Office, the Secretary of the Interior is to per-
mit the purchase of a like quantity of lands
of the same class in the same manner and at
the same price per acre as provided in the act.
The Committee ou Public Lauds reported
an amendment to strike out the proviso at the
end of the bill, in the following words:
Provided, That itshall be shown to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of the Interior that said claims
are held by innocent parties in good faith, and that
the locations made under such claims have been
made in good faith Rnd by innocent holders of the
same: And provided Jurther, That if the lands
already located as aforesaid with such claims, or
any portion thereof, shall have been otherwise dis-
posed of by direction of the General Land Office,
the Secretary of tbe Interior be, and he is hereby,
authorized to permit thepuroh.iseof a like quantity
of lands of the same class in the same manner and
at the same price per aero as hereinbefore provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire if this is the
bill that relates to some lands in Wisconsin?
Mr. WINDOM. No, it relates to land in
Minnesota entirely. I hold in my hand a
letter from the Interior Department which can
be read, if desired.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not ask for it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
seizures of books and papers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to discharge
the Committee oil the Judiciary from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2325)
to regulate the seizure and examination of in-
voices, books, and papers in customs revenue
cases, I made tbe motion to discharge the
committee from this bill a day or two since,
and it was objected to in the morning hour.
It is a bill of very great importance, which
passed the House of Representatives and was
referied to the Committee ou the Judiciary
on the 18th of Apiil, and the committee have
thus far been unable to agree upon reporting
the bill back. I have called several meeting#
of the committee with a view of having the
matter finally disposed of, but we have been
unable thus far to have it disposed of; and I
now move that the committee be discharged
from its further consideration and that it go
upon the Calendar.
I will state that this is a bill which has been
petitioned for by the Boards of Trade of several
of the cities. The leading merchants of the
large cities have sent numerous petitions ask-
ing that this bill, or some such bill, should
pass for their protectiou. The object of the
bill is to throw additional guards around the
modes of seizing the books, papers, and effects
of merchants on charges of smuggling or at-
tempts to evade the revenue laws. 1 do not
know that the bill is perfect; but some such
bill ought to pass ; and with a view of perform-
ing my duty in reference to it, I move that the
committee be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it go upon the Calendar.
Mr. SCOTT. I understand that that bill
goes upon the Calendar. I move 
Mr. CONKLING. No; this bill does not
go on the Calendar yet, I hope. The Senator
from Vermont who is not now in his seat
[Mr. Edmunds] has charge of this bill, as I
understand, in the Judiciary Committee. This
motion not being in order now, in his absence
I hope it will lie over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion is in order,
and I insist on action upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit to the Chair
whetberthis isinorder. Thii is not a resolution
that has been offered on one day and lain
over ; and therefore certainly it cannot be iu
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion was made
and objection made to it the day before yes-
terday.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, this is
my point, which I submit to the Chair: a
Senate resolution is in order; we know what
a Senate resolution is ; but a motion is not a
resolution. If a resolution has been offered
which has lain over, I call for the reading of
the resolution. The Senator from Vermont
does not so understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the motion of the Senator from Illinois
is in order. It is a motion to discharge a com-
mittee from the further consideration of a bill.
The Senator obtained the floor and made the
motion, and it is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me understand if
you please, Mr. President, as I am speaking
for the Senator from Vermont, who is not
here, rather than for myself, is this in order
as a Senate resolution?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not a
Senate resolution. It is a motion, not a reso-
lution.
Mr. CONKLING. A motion in the morn-
ing hour! May I inquire under what order
of business?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
the morning hour. The morning hour has
closed, and other business has been transacted.
The Senator from Illinois obtained the floor
as at any other time.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose the Chair
means that the morning business is con-
cluded, although the morning hour has not
concluded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morn-
ing business having concluded, the Senate is
open to any motion that may be made.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I ask that this mo-
tion lie aside until the Senator from Vermont,
who is ill and late, is in his seat. He has
charge of this bill, has spent a gool deal of
time upon it, and has amendments to propose,
as I understand; and I hope it will not be
taken up or the committee discharged until
the Senator from Vermont is here, to the end
that he may be heard and may make any re-
port that he has to make.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to
take the bill up for action now, but,.! propose,
so far as I am concerned, to relieve myself
from the responsibility of holding up this bill
without action, after it has been in the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary for nearly two months.
I am not surprised at all at the opposition of
the Senator from New York, and I was not
very much surprised at the opposition of the.
Senator from Vermont the other day. He
was present when I made the motion to dis-
charge the committee, when a single objection
prevented action ; and it is very difficult now
at this stage of the session to get a matter
before the Senate; and therefore, under these
circumstances, as nobody will be prejudiced
by this, I ask not action upon the bill at pres-
ent, but my only object is to get the bill upon
the Calendar, so that if the Senate think proper
to act upon it at a future time it may do so.
I am sorry the Senator from Vermont is not
present; but this is regarded as a bill of great
importance by the mercantile community of
the United States, who complain of oppres-
sion and imposition by the informers and de-
tectives who are employed on the part of the
Government in the execution of their duties,
and who have asked for the passage of a law
more clearly defining their duties. I am re-
ceiving letters and telegrams almost daily from
Boston, New York, and other cities, asking
action upon this bill. I wish to have the com-
mittee discharged from its consideration, so
that it may not go out to the country that, the,
committee of which I have the houo,r to be
chairman is holding up this bill to prevent
action upon it.
Mr. FENTON. Certainly it seetns to me
that there can be no good objection to the
committee being discharged, and this bill be-
ing placed upon the Calendar, unless it is that
the bill ought to be put on its passage at once.
It is in my judgment a very important meas"-
ure, against which there can be no valid ob-
jection urged. Among the measures of'grave
interest before this body is this bill and Senate
bill No. 2, to regulate the service in the col-
lection of customs at the various ports of
entry, &c. The one which is now leferred to
has been postponed from time to lime by the
committee, and the consideration of the other
