1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
254S
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
salt lake and colorado railroad.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 now demand
the regular older of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of a bill (H. R. No.
2199) to incorporate the Great Salt Lake and
Colorado Railway Company, and to grant to
said company the right, oi' way through the
public lands of the United States. The bill
was before the House last evening at the ad-
journment, on the demand of the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Dumnell] for the pre-
vious question, and the House was dividing on
seconding the previous question, when no quo-
rum appeared. The gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Du.nnkll] and the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holmak] will resume their
places.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is the
bill before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated that it is a bill (H. R. No. 2199) to in-
corporate the Great, Salt Lake and Colorado
Railway Company, and to grant the said com-
pany a right of way through the public lands
of the United States.
Mr. COX. Is there any motion pending to
refer this bill to a committee?
The SPEAKHR. There is not. It is a re-
port, from the Committee on the Public Lands,
and the question now is on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question on the engross-
ment and third leading of the bill.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 74, noes 62.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope before the vote is
taken we shall a ain have the bill read.
Mr. BUNNELL. I desire to make a state-
ment in regard to this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKliR. The gentleman Irom Min-
nesota reported the bill lrom the Committee
On the Public Lands, and is entitled to one
hour to close debate.
Mr. DUNNELL. The original bill, Mr.
Speaker, for which this was -repented by the
committee as a substitute, was a land-grant,
bill. The Committee on the Public Lands
became satisfied that no laud-grant bill could
pass this House, and therefore they struck out
that, portion of it. The committee simply pro
vided a light of way by this bill. It is what
Congress has already done m the Portland and
Oregon right-of-way bill, which lias passed this
House as well as the other bianch ot Congress.
The eomrtitiee provides a right of way lrom
Great Salt Lake to the mouth of the Colorado
river, some seven hundred miles, and the com-
pany which is here incorporated is ready to
construct this road. The only question is
■whether the House is ready to give the right
of way through this Tenitory, a valuable sec-
tion of country waiting to be developed, a
right of way one hundred feet on each side of
the road. This company has no desire to in-
teifere with any other company. There is no
existing company that desires to build along
the line of lilts road. We have no desire 10
interfere with any other road built a few miles
from Great, Salt Lake City. We accepted two
or three weeks ago, when this bill was before
the House, certain amendments, and it was
supposed the other side, represented by the
Delegate from Utah, would be satisfied with
those ameridmen's, and we did not anticipate
this mere light of way would have the opposi-
tion "which seemingly it has secured already.
J have had no desire to discuss this ques-
tion. There i  not much field in it for discus-
sion. It is a printed bill. The company are
to commence operations in five years. All the
original features of the bill to which I have
adverted have been struck out, and it was sup-
posed then that it would meet with no oppo-
sition. The opposition now, as I understand,
grows out of the question whether Congress
has the right to incorporate a company pass-
ing through this and other Territories.
Mr. HOLMAN. The question is not exactly
that. It is whether it is policy for Congress
to incorporate a railroad corporation whose
road, from necessity, will ultimately pass
through great States and be beyond the con-
trol of those Slates.
Mr. DUNNELL. That Congress has already
done in three memorable instances.
Mr. HOLMAN. But I ask. is it desirable
to magnify what is now recognized as a great
evil?
Mr. DUNNELL. That is yet to be seen.
I will say that no bill has come before our
cominittee which has received more careful
consideration. It had the unanimous indorse-
ment of the committee, and that, has not been
the case with all the bills which have been re-
ported from that, committee, inasmuch as there
is some difference of opinion in the committee
on the question of land grants.
Mr. COX. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Dcnnell] a question.
Mr. DUNNELL. I yield live minutes to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kil-
i.inger.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Before the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania proceeds, I ask the
gentleman from Minnesota to yield to me to
olfer an amendment.
Mr. DUNNELL. Not at the present time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I wish to have
the amendment, read. I think when it is read
the gentleman from Minnesota will not object
to it.
Mr. DUNNELL. I would state, Mr Speaker,
that I consented to all the amendments the
gentleman from Utah had to present when
this matter was formerly before the House.
If, on the adoption of this amendment, he
agrees to withdraw opposition to the bill, I
atn willing that it should be read.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. The House is bet-
ter qualified than 1 can be to judge of the
lights which should be granted by a bill like
this and the restriction which should be im-
posed. I would therefore leave the House to
decide as to the amendment. Meanwhile 1
desire to have it read, that the House may
understand what it is. I think it is of import-
ance that it should be embodied in the bill.
Mr. DUNNELL. I consent to have the
amendment read.
The Clerk read as follows :
After the word "embankment," in line eleven,
section four, insert the following:
ovuUd, That the rights heroin grunted shall not
preclude the construction of otherroadsthrough any
eaiion, defile, or pass on said route.
Mr. SfEVENSON. I hope there will be
no objection to that.
Mr.' HOOPER, of Utah. Many of those
defiles ttirough which the roads in a mountain
country will have to pass are not two hundred
feet wide. Now, without a provision of this
kind, the granting of two hundred feet as right
of way to this company is tantamount to giv-
ing an absolute and irrepealable control and
government, over a certain route, 'therefore,
I think the gentleman fiom Minnesota and
the House should agree to that amendment.
Mr. OAREIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. Dunnell] allow
that amendment to be offered?
Mr. DUNNELL. I do not at present.
! Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let that be
I remembered.
Mr. KILLINGER. It is proposed by this
bill to create a corporation that is to be allowed
a delay of five years before they commence
the construction of this work. Now, sir, I
cannot see how those of us who are opposed
to land grants can sanction a bill so wide in
its significance. Allowing the company five
years before they commence the construction
of this road makes it appear, not a bonafi.de
attempt to build a road, but a speculative con-
cern, to be in the hands of a corporation of
capitalists, enabling them to wield power in
these vast western Territories, watching their
chances, trafficking in their corporate fran-
chises, and in every way retarding the inter-
ests of the people and the prosperity of the
country.
That is my principal objection to the bill.
I do not believe it, to be an honest bona fide
effort to build a railroad; but I believe it to
be the granting of corporate franchises to a
certain set of men, who will wield power with-
out, responsibility, with no means of being
called to account, controlling legislation, influ-
encing all the politics as well as business of
that country, and constituting an immense
monopoly.
Now, if the gentleman will state to the House
or will give us the information that this is an
honest bona fide effort to build a road seven
hundred miles in length, investing their own
capital and simply asking the privilege of
going on the public lands, that might change
my opiniou of the bill. From what I know
of it and have heard outside of it,, I do not
believe it is an honest attempt to build a
railroad, but one of those measures which
members of all parties should set their faces
against like flint,, because all parties will be
held responsible by the country, lor the coun-
try will not sanction the creation of corpora-
tions who are allowed thirteen years to finish
the work, and five years before they begin.
Now, if I understand this measure correctly,
1 say that it is an abuse which the House and
the country will not sustain and ought not
t,o do so.
Mr. DUNNELL. I have not from the be-
ginning, sir, desired to discuss this question
at any great length. I am surprised that the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Killingeu]
becomes so excited over this measure. He
must have heard a great deal about it outside.
If you will provide that American iron only
shall be used on this road, it might cool him.
[Laughter.] He is wonderfully excited over
a very small matter. We are simply asked
to gr.iut the right of way to a company of ic-
sponsible man, men of ability, who want to build
a road through this country, and the question is
whether a class of men inside of Utah are to
control the destinies of that, great and growing
future State ; whether the Church is to furnish
all the money and develop all the powers of
that great, State. I think it time thai Congress
should vindicate itself and its right to give to
anybody who wants to build a road through
the Territories the right to do it.
Mr. KILLINGER. Then put in an amend-
ment that they shall begin their work within a
year.
Mr. DUNNELL. The gentleman asks an
unreasonable thing. Here is acompany seek-
ing to build a road seven hundred and fitty
miles in length, and they are not ready to be-
gin the work to-morrow.
Mr. KILLINGER. Then provide thatthey
shall begin the work and construct twenty five
miles of it within a year.
Mr. DUNNELL. Prepare your amend-
ment,.
Mr. KILLINGER. I propose to add to the
first section the words " that within the period
of one year twenty-five miles ot the road shall
be constructed."
Mr. DUNNELL. Let a letter which I send
! to the Clerk's desk be read first.
I The Clerk read the letter, as follows :
: Washington City, f>. C„ April 1, 1872.
i Sie: Knowins? that you have charge of the Great
1 Salt, Lake and Colorado raihoad bill in the House
! ot Representatives, and hearing, it bruited about
i that our company were attempting to wref.t hom
I the Mormons a public work which of riclu belonged
I to them, I deem it my duty to put you in possession
i of a few facts m regard to the pending measure.
! In the fall of 1870, acting under the adviee of an
i acquaintance who was entirely friendly to the llor-
I rnous, I met at Great Salt Lake City Brigham
