3440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
remind the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce that our commerce is constantly
declining, that so_ far as it is carried on in
American vessels it is constantly going down,
and those of England are taking their place.
I think something ought to be done iu this
country (and the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce is the most responsible man)
for the purpose of saving our commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will
allow me, I will pass a bill in an hour that will
aid commerce; but I cannot unless he will
consent.
Mr. COLE. We cannotspend an hour better,
certainly, than to have such a bill passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I hope the Sen-
ator will allow us to proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
"Whole, and will be read.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill,
the amendments reported by the Committee
on Commerce being stated as they were reached
in their order m the reading.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section one, lines eight and nine, to strike
out the words k' complying with the terms of,"
and inserting " such license, register, or en-
rollment, or without the inspection required
byand in line twelve, after the word of-
fense, " to insert "one half for the use of the
informer;" so that the section will read:
That no lioense, register, or enrollment shall bo
granted, or other papers issuod, by any collector or
other chief officer of the customs, to any vessel pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, until ho snail
nave satisfactory evidence that all tho provisions of
this act havo been fully complied with; and if any
such vessel shall bo navigated without such license,
register, or enrollment, or without the inspection re-
quired by this act, the owner or ownors thereof sha ll
lorfoit and pay to the United States tho sum of $500
for each offense, ono half for tho use ot tho in former,
and for which sum tho steamboat oi vessel so en-
gaged shall be liable, and may bo seized and
proceeded against by way of libel in any district
court of tho United States having: jurisdiction of the
offense.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was in line six of sec
tion two, after the word "fastened," to insert
'' so as to prevent it from being moved or
overthrown; " and at the end of the section to
add "and before granting a certificate of in-
spection the inspectors shall require all other
necessary provisions to be made throughout
such vessel to guard against loss or danger
from fire; " so as to make the section read:
That ©very steamer so propelled, and carrying
passengers, shall be provided with suitable pipes
and valves attached to tho boilor to convey steam
into the hold, and the differentcouip.n tments there-
of, to extinguish fire; and every stove used on board
of any such vessel shall be well and securely fas-
tened, so as to prevent it from being moved or over-
thrown, and all wood-work or other ignitible sub-
stances about the boilers, chimneys, cook-houses,
and stove-pipe? exposed to ignition shall be thor-
oughly shielded by some incombustible material in
such a manner as to leave the air to circulate freely
between such material or wood-work or other igniti-
ble substance; and before granting a eertiiieate of
inspection, the inspectors shall require all other
necessary provisions to be made throughout such
vessel to guard against loss or danger from fire.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line four, after the word " than," to strike out
" eighty " and insert " one hundred ; " and in
line ten, after the word "in," to strike out
" good" and insert " thorough so that it will
read:
That every steamer, except as hereinafter specified,
shall bo provided with two good double-acting fire-
pumps, to be worked by hand ; each chamber ol said
pumps shall be ot sufficient capacity to contain not
less than one hundred cubic inches of water ; said
pumps shall be placed on suitable parts of the vessel
for efficient service, having good hose of suitable
diameter to each pump, of sufficient strength to
stand a pressure of one hundred pounds per square
inch, and in length at least equal to One half the
vessel's length on deck, tho whole to be kept at all
times in thorough working order, and at least fifty
feet shipped up, ready for immediate use.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will call the attention of the Senator from
Oregon to the nineteenth line, "but the capa-
city of eighty cubic inches." To correspond
vvitli the amendment mado in the fourth line
"eighty" should be changed to "one hun-
dred."
Mr. CORBETT. Pass that over. I will
examine that.
The next amendment was in section three,
line thirty-two, after the word " all," toinsert
the word "passenger;" in liue twenty-four,
after the words "equal to," insert the words
"a single-acting pump of;" in lines thirty-
three and thirty-four, to strike out the words
"or a pump driven by the doctor or donkey
engine;" and at the end of tho section to add
the words "one of which pumps shall be suit-
ably arranged to test the boilers so that the
remaining part of the section will read:
On every such stenmer not exceeding two hundred
tons burden ono of such pumps may bo dispensed
with, and oaeh fire-pump thus provided for shall bo
supplied with water by moan9 of «, suitabio pipe
connected therewith, and passing through tho side
or bottom of the vessel so low as to bo at all times
under wator when tho vessel is afloat, and no such
fire-pump shall be placed below tho lower deck of
any such vessel; but the capacity of eighty cubic
inches, as heroin required, shall not apply to steam-
ers now in service. And in addition to suoh hand
flro-puuips, thero shall be provided on all passen-
ger steamers, except as hereinafter speoified, a good
double-aoting steam firo-pump of a capacity equal
to a single-aotinit puuip of one cubio inch for every
three tons measurement of vessel: Provided, hoio-
ever, That in no caso shall suoh steam fire-pump
havo a capacity of less than ono hundrod cubic
inches, nor is it required to be more than live hun-
dred cubio inches: said puinp to have one pipe of
suitabio dimensions to carry the water to the upper
decks, fitted with proper valves and nozzles for at-
taching liose, both between decks and tho uppor
deck, and with hose as required for each hand lire-
pump; a rotary pump, when drivon by an ongino
independent of tho main engine, if of the capacity
to discharge wator as herein specilied, or a sipbon-
pump of like cjipacity, shall bo deouied a sufficient
compliance with the requirement of this section;
but on all vessels horoafter built, all of said fire-
pumps shall havo their suction-pipes so arranged as
that they may bo operated as bilgo-piunpsin case of
necessity; and it snail bo tho duty of tho engineer
to see that all feed and fire-pumps aro constantly
kept in order and roudy for immediate Borvico, ono
of which pumps shall bo suitably arranged to tost
tho boilers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line one, after the word "unless," to insert
the words "when used at stated times;" iu
line four, after the word "benzole," to insert
"coal-oil," and after the word "crude," and
before "petroleum," in the same line, to insert
"or rpfined;" in liue five, after "burning-
fluids,'' to insert the words "or dangerous
articles;" in lincsix, afterthe word "freight,"
tu insert " or used as stores ;" 'after the word
" passengers," in line seven, to insert " except
where there is 110 other public means of con-
veyance, and iu such cases its transportation
shall be under such rules and regulations as
tlie board of supervising inspectors may pre-
scribe, with the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury;" so as to read:
Sl-ie. 4. That except 011 ferry-bouts, no loose hay,
(unless when used at stated times for feeding stock
ou board,) loose cotton, or loose hemp, campliene,
nitro-glycerine, naphtha, benzine, benzole,^coal-oil,
crude or refined petroleum, or other like explosive
burning fluids or dangerous articles, shali be carried
as freight or used as stores on any steamer carrying
passengers, except where there is no other public
means of conveyance, and in such eases its trans-
portation shall be under sucii rules and regulations
as the board of supervising inspectors may prescribe,
with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. On line live of section
four,after "or," the word "like" ought to be
inserted; so as to read, " or like dangerous arti-
cles."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatamend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The next amendment wa3 in section four,
line eleven, after the word "cotton," toinsert
thewords "or hemp;" in line 6fteen, after the
word "baled," to insert the words "cotton
or in line.seven teen to strike out "securely ''
and insert "thoroughly;" iu line eighteen,
after the word " hay," to strike out the words
" that may ;" and in the same line, after "on,"
to strike out "on;" in line nineteen, after
" steamboats," to strike out the words "that
is" and insert "and;" and in line twenty,
after the word " steamboat," to strike out the
words " to be " and insert the words " without
being ;" in line twenty-three, after the word
'^navigating," to strike out the words "the Mis-
sissippi river " and insert the words " sounds,
bays, rivers;" in line twenty-four, after "and,"
to strike out " its " and insert" their;" and in
line forty-two, alter the word "writing," to in-
sert " and no product of petroleum shall be
used on any steam vessel for stores or illumin-
ating purposes that will ignite at a lower
temperature than one hundred and sixty de-
grees of Fahrenheitso as to make the sec-
tion from line ten to the end read :
Nor shall baled cotton or hemp be carried on
such steamer unless the bales are compactly pressed
and covered with bagging or similar fabric, in good
morohantable shipping order, and secured with
good rope or iron bands; nor shall baled cotton or
hemp bo earricdon tho deck or guards thereof, un-
less tho bales are compactly pressed and thoroughly
ooverod with bagging or a similar fabric; nor shall
hay be transported on steamboats and stowed on
the forecastle, on tho guards, or in tho deck-room
of any steamboat without being baled and securely
sheltered from sparks witli tarpaulins: Provided,
That this provision shall only be applied to steam-
boats navigating sounds, bays, rivers, and thoir
tributaries; nor shall gunpowdor bo carried on
any such vessel, except in caso of special license
granted by inspectors, as hereinafter provided;
nor shall oil of vitriol, nitric, or otbor danger-
ous chemical acids bo curried on such steamers,
oxcept 011 tho deoks or guards thereof, llefined
petroleum, whon in metallic cases, securely packed
in boxes or casks, or when in iron-bound bar-
rels, and plainly marked with the manufacturer's
name, the naino of tbo article, tho temperaturo
at which tho same will ignite, which shall not bo
less than ono hundrod and ton degrees of iiNihron-
beit; oil or spirits of turpontino, mastic and other
varnishes when in motallio oases or in casks or bar-
rels well and securely bound with iron ; and fric-
tion matches, when securely packed in strong, tight
chests or boxes, tho covers of which aro well secured
by looks, sorewa, or other reliable fastenings, niny bo
carried on the decks, guards, or forecastle of anysueh
steamer at asecure distance from any fire or heat, or
in suoh other part of tho steamer as tho local in-
spectors shall designate in writing; ami no product
of potroleum shall be used on anystoam vessel for
stores or illuminating purposes that will ignite at a
lower temperature than ono hundred and sixtyde-
grees of Fahrenheit: Provided, That the Secretary
ot tho Treasury may grant permission to the ownor
of any steam vessol for the use of any invention or
process tor tho utilization of petroleum or other
mineral oils or substances in the production of mo-
tive-power, and he shall havo powor to mako and
enforce regulations concerning the application and
use of the same for suoh purposes, such permission to
bo grunted upon the certificate of the inspector of
steamboats for tho distriot wherein said vessel is
registered, and othersatisfactory proof that tho use of
tho same is safe and efficient, and upon suoh proof,
and tho approval of suoh certificate by tbo Seoi otary
of tho Treasury, a special license for tho use of suoh
processor invention as aforesaid shall issue undor
thosea! of tho Treasury Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
line sixteen, after the word '"same," toinsert
"or shall deliver the same to any vessel as
stores;" so that the section will read:
Skc. 5. That all gunpowder, nitro-glycerine, caio-
phene. naphtha, benzine, benzoic, coal-oil crude or
relined petroloum, oil of vitriol, nitric, or other
dangerouschemical acids, oil or spirits of turpen tine,
friction matches, and all other articles of likechar-
actcr, when packed or put up for shipment, shall bo
securely packed and put up separately from each
othor, and from nil other articles; and the package,
box, cask, orother vessels containing the same shall
bo distinctly marked on tho outside with the name
or description of tho article contained therein ; and
every person who shall pack or put up, or cause to
be packed orput up, forshipmcnt, any gunpowdor,
nitro-glycerine, campliene, naphtha, benzine, ben-
zole, coal-oil, erudo or refined petroleum, oil of vit-
riol, nitric, or other dangerous chemical acids, oil or
spirits of turpentiuo, Inction matches, or other arti-
cles of like charactcr, otherwise than as aforesaid,
or shall knowingly ship or attempt to ship the same,
or shall deliver the same to any vessels as stores,
unless packed and marked as aforesaid, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon convic-
tion thereof by any court of competent jurisdiction,
shall be punished by tine not exceeding $2,000, or
imprisonment not exceeding eighteen months, or
both, one half of the tine to go to tho informer,
and the articles to be liable to seizuroand forfeiture.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec
tion six in the following words:
That every vessel so propelled by steam navigat-
ing gulfs, lakes, bays, sounds, or rivers, ejcjpt
