4336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
has been postponed from time to time by the
Senate.
A short time since, Mr. President, I made a
farther effort to call up the bill relating to the
customs service, and I was met by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Buckingham] "with this remark:
"I hope theSenate will postpone the considera-
tion of the Senate hill No. 2, simply because that
very question is now before the Committee on Com-
merce. A bill similar ip its provisions is before that
committee. In addition to that, the Committee on
Investigation and Retrenchment bas taken a large
amount of testimony having referonce to the same
subject which is provided for in that bill. I think it
would be better for the Senate to determine now
that they will postpone the consideration of Senate
bill No. 2, or any action, upon it, until they shall got
a report from that committee."
.We have the report now, and I ask the Sen-
ator in, all seriousness what new light this
report has thrown upon the bill, which .has
been upon the Calendar, at tbe head of the
list of special orders, for the last four months?
There was not one principle involved in this
measure which was under consideration by the
Committee on investigalion and Ketreneh-
ment except that which related to the system
of moieties, of fines, penalties, and forfeitures;
a system the abolition of which had been
twice recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury in hia annual reports to Congress,
and which recommendation was approved by
the President in his last, annual message. It
is the principle involved in that proposition
which is embodied in Senate bill No. 2; and
beyond lhat it is simply a question of detail, a
question of the regulation of salaries, and a
question of the proper disposition of the
officers in the customs service.
I must, then, come to the conclusion that
this bill has been postponed without adequate
reason. It is not for me here and now to
speak of the object and purpose of this delay.
But I may repeat that the bill is demanded by
the exigencies of the public service, that it lias
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
that it has the approval of every officer of the
Government who has giveu hia attention to it,
and has received the sanction of those who
have been familiar with the customs service
throughout tbe country. Prom New York to
San Francisco, and from. Portland, Maine, to
tho port of New Orleans, we have concurring
testimony not only of the wise provisions of
this bill, but of its importance and necessity.
And yet, sir, it has been put off from time to
time. VVby ? I usk now the chairman of the
Committee on Retrenchment what new liglit
the report of that committee throws upon the
subject? Why has it been delayed for this
report; and if it was important, to any end em-
braced in the report of that committee, why
not bring it before the Senate now, and act
upon it? Let us have this new light which the
committee have been able to shed upon the
provisions of this bill, already so long deferred.
But, Mr. President, I rose for the purpose
of referring to the bill in regard to which the
Senator from Illinois asks that the Committee
on the Judiciary be discharged, and (hat it
be placed upon the Senate Calendar. The
abuses practiced upon the merchants in New
York and at other principal ports by color of
the extraordinary power conferred under the
act of March 2, 18U7, should be remedied by
this Congress. We should not adjourn until
the corrective is applied.- The oppression of
merchants and the exactions upon them is fla-
grant and enormous. It passed the House of
.Representatives a tier considerable discussion,
and at last with a great majority. It should
pass the Senate, and I hope that the committee
may be discharged aud the bill have proper
consideration before we adjourn.
Mr. SCO I T. The Senator from Illinois
has stated that he does not desire to put this
bill Upon its passage, but only to get it upon
the Calendar, and that- 
Mr. IBUMBULIj. That is, atthis moment.
Mr. SCOTT. So I understand, and that he
does so for the purpose of absolving himself
from responsibility for not having reported the
bill from the committee of which he is chair-
man. Now, I submit that he has absolved
himself from that responsibility by entering
the motion; and as there are other bills, and
bills from the House, which it is desirable to act
upon, I submit to him whether be will not be
willing that his motion should go upon the
Calendar, so that we may have the rest of the
morning hour to act upon bills. I wish to call
up a bill in which I think the Senator from
Illinois and his constituents are as largely
interested perhaps as in this one; a biU to
authorize the construction of bridges across
the Ohio river, and prescribe the dimensions
of the same ; and if he will consent that his
motion shall go upon the Calendar, I will move
to take up that, bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have nothingmore to
say. Let the Senate take the vote upon my
motion. If the bill goes on the Calendar,
very well. If the Senate refuse to let it go
there, I have discharged my duty. I think it
ought certainly to go on the Calendar ; but
that is for the Senate to decide.
Mr. SCOTT. If the suggestion is not ac-
ceptable, I move to postpone the further con-
sideration of tho motion of the. Senator from
Illinois for the purpose of taking up the bill I
have named.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania moves to postpone the
further consideration of the motion submitted
by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the motion?
ThcPRESlDiNU OFFICER. To discharge
the Committee on the Judiciary from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill(H. li. No. 2325)
to regulate the seizure and examination of in-
voices, books, and papers in customs revenue
cases, and to place it on the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 think I know what the
courtesies of this body require; and I am a
little surprised that the Senator from Illinois
should press this motion in the absence of
myself who had the bill in charge in commit-
tee when he perhaps might have supposed that
my absence was notaltoghther voluntarily and
purposely, but on account of physical inability
to get around very early.
Mr. CONK LINO. . Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him ? This motion was made not
only in the absence of the Senator from Ver-
mont, but in the absence of every member of
the Judiciary Committee except that member
who made it; and now I enumerate : the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Eemunds] was absent.,
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Fuelixg-
uuyxbn] was absent, the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Pool,] was absent, the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] was absent,
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tuurman] was
absent, I myself was absent, and came into the
Chamber only in time to find the motion in pro-
gress and to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that the Senator from Vermont, who bad
had the bill in charge, was absent,, and absent
in consequence of illness, as I was informed,
upon which statement I grounded a request in
vain that it might lie over. It is due to the
Senator from Vermont that he should know
its much as that of what took place in bis
absence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am fortunately here
in season to have the Senate understand how
the matter stands. This is a bill, like a great
many others that go to tbe Judiciary Com- i
inittcc, that probably has some merit in it: but !
one of that class of bills relating to judicial j
proceedings that require careful investigation I
and consideration. I probably am not com- j
raitting any impropriety to the committee in
saving that it was taken up out of its order
and committed to one of the members of the
committee for consideration. That member ;
happeoed to be myself. I exercised all the j
diligence about it I could consistently with my j
health and my other duties, and not only got :
the thing into shape, but thought I was ready
to report to the committee. I did report to
the committee, but before consideration of it
could be more than scarcely begun the time
came when we had to come into the Senate,
and the pressure of other matters has pre-
vented us from having a meeting which I have
been able to attend since. I finished up the
amendments as I think they ought to be, and
handed them to my friend from New Jersey
to examine and see what he thought of them,
so that if possible we could get to a settlement
of our opinions about it, as I suppose there is
not any very great difference about the amend-
ments when we have time to consider them, in
order that it might be reported.
But there is no more special haste for this
bill than there is for a hundred others. You
cannot make a law which will not in the end
depend upon the judge who issues the war-
rants of seizure. It must depend upon his
discretion in whatever form you have it. But
I do not want to go into the merits now. I
only say that I hope the Senate will not pass
a vote of censure- upon the members of this
committee at the instance of its chairman be-
cause we have not happened to be able to
complete the disposition of this bill at this
time. I move to lay this motion upon the
table, with a view to see what the Senate think
about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in order to lay
this motion on the table? It was decided last
night that a motion to take up a bill could not
be laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion
to take up a bill cannot be laid on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can a motion to dis-
charge a committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can.
Such a motion is in the nature ofa resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say a word in
regard to what the Senator from Vermont has
said, who has made a personal statement
which ought to be replied to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator has de-
voted himself in my absence, to my inability
to take care of this bill. I think I have not
been uncourteous to him. Let the Senate say
whether they want to go on with this or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator knows
that I made the motion in his presence, and he
took advantage of a single objection to pre-
vent its consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to lay the pending motion on the table.
The question being put, there were—ayes
fifteen.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Chair to re-
state the question. Senators do not under-
stand what they are voting upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from I llinois moves to discharge the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary from the further con-
sideration of the bill to regulate the seizure
and examination of invoices, books,' and
papers in the customs revenue service, and
place the same on the Calendar. The Senator
from Vermont moves to lay that motion upon
the table.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order for me to say
a word on tins subject?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
The motion to lay on the table is not, debatable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered j and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Borcman, Cole,
Colliding Cragm, Edmunds, Frelingliuysen, Howe,
Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pomeroy,
Pool Ramsey, gawj-ex, Scott, Stewart, and Wil-
son—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Bucking-
ham, Casserly, Cooper, Davis of "West Virginia,
isnton, lliinagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamil-
t'm °r lexas, Harlan, Hill, Hitchooek, Johnston,
Kelly, Norwood, Prntt, Ransoin; Btce, Kobertson,
ochurz, Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton,
biimuer, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, West, and
Windom—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. BrownloW, Caldwell, Cameron,
