1648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
this bill is designed to meet. The practice
has obtained of men who would not dare to
bring a suit in the State where they are known,
following their adversary abroad—shooting
him flying aa it were—watching the railway
cars, and thrusting into his hands, when he is
going at the rate of forty miles an hour, a pro-
cess requiring him to appear in a court in that
State, which thus secures jurisdiction over him.
As a rule, in nine cases out of ten all this is
done for the purpose of oppression, and the
moment the plaintiff finds he must go before a
United Slates tribunal thesuit will be dropped.
I called the attention of the House to a very
gross case in which a Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, after his retirement from office,
was going to his home, and a man who had a
quarrel with him was waiting m Baltimore,
and having been informed by telegraph of his
departure from this city, thrust a summons at
him in the cars. In that case the defendant
was enabled to save himself and get a fair
court and a fair jury because he happened to
be an internal revenue officer. But it affects
every man in the community ; and it is for the
purpose of giving jurisdiction to the United
States courts in such cases that this bill is
brought forward.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts permit me to ask
him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Does the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts claim under this
act the United States courts will have jurisdic-
tion between citizens of the same State ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
it says non-residents of different States.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. The language
of the act is liable to the objection 1 make.
It says "that whenever a suit has been or is
brought in any State court by a citizen of the
United States, non-resident of that State,
against another citizen also non-resident of
thatState." Now, thegentleman from Massa-
chusetts will see that while they may be non-
residents of the State where the suit is brought,
they may nevertheless be residents of the same
State.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They are
to be non-residents of the State where the case
is brought.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. In cases of resi-
dents of the same State, the jurisdiction there
is excluded by the express letter of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then, of
course it would not apply.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. If I understand the
gentleman from Massachusetts, where both
parties, plaintiff and defendant, are non-resi-
dents of the State where the suit is brought,
they could not bring originalaetion in the Uni-
ted States court.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is so.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Then how does the
mere fact that one of the parties brings his
action in a State court give jurisdiction to the
Federal court which had not original jurisdic-
tion before?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It does
not; but by bringing an action in a State court
the act of Congress we are now considering
will give the jurisdiction of that action as citi-
zens of different States.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. That comes back to
the constitutional question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
no constitutional question. First, judicial
power is extended to all cases in law and equity
arising under the Constitution, the laws of the
United States, and treaties made, or which shall
be made, under their authority; secondly, to
all eases affecting embassadors, other public
ministers, and consuls ; thirdly, to all cases of
admiralty and maritime jurisdiction ; fourthly,
to controversies to which the United States
shall be a party ; to controversies between two
or more States, (that has been now altered ;)
between States and citizens of another State ;
between citizens of different States ; between
citizens of the same State. That is exactly
the point of this bill; where two citizens of dif-
ferent States come together in another State
and a suit is entered, we give the man sued
the same right and power he would have if he
lived there.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Let me call
the attention of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to the language of this bill: that
whenever a suit has been or is brought in any
State court by a citizen of the United States
non resident of that State, or' by any alien
against another citizen also non-resident of
that State, wherein jurisdiction is obtained by
the State court by personal service or process
only, such suit at any time may be removed to
the circuit court of the United States, &c.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We are
providing not for cause of action, but the
forum. Where they have the right to elect
the forum I propose to put them in the United
States court.
Mr. SMITII, of New York. But the selec-
tion of the forum cannot confer jurisdiction
upon the United States court.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
but act of Congress will.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to ask my colleague
one question. Will not the objection be re-
moved by inserting the words " non-resident
citizen of another State?"
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection to that amendment.
Mr. HOAR. It will meet the objection of
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
to that amendment,
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend the bill as
follows:
In lino five, section one, strike out the words
"another citizen," and insert in lieu thereof the
words " a citizen of another State."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That will
meet the objection which has been raised.
Mr. POT TER. Mr. Speaker, if 1 were at
liberty to state the action of the Judiciaiy
Committee, I should differ from the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Ruti.eii] in respect
of the consideration which this bill has re-
ceived at their hands. This bill is introduced,
I understand, sir, to meet a special case, to
which the gentleman has referred, and like
all general legislation framed to meet a special
case, one difficulty with it will be that there
will be other special cases where it will work
as much injustice as it may work relief in the
particular case at which it is aimed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Was
there any objection made to the constitution-
ality of this bill in the committee, or did the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Potter]
make any objection to its constitutionality?
Mr. POTTER. If I may be allowed to
answer the gentleman's question as to what
occurred in committee, I will say that neither
I nor tbe other gentlemen who opposed the
bill in committee raised any constitutional
objection to it. It was, however, only at the
breaking up of the committee that the bill
came up for consideration, when I had only
time to raise some of the objections which
occurred to me in reference to the bill. I then
only mentioned those objections to which I
now call the attention of the House. And
first, that this bill changes the whole scope of
the jurisdiction of the Federal courts, as set-
tled years ago, when our fathers, who framed
the Constitution, came, immediately after the
Constitution was formed; to consider what
jurisdiction should be given under it to the Fed-
eral courts. The great principle which lay at
the basis of the system then introduced, as
between private citizens, was that while every
Slate was to be considered as impartial and
indifferent in respect of controversies between
their own citizens, and in respect of those
suitors who were not citizens of the State—
those who were foreigners to the State—it
might not always be indifferent, as between
one of its own citizens and a citizen of another
State. And hence the right was given, after
much discussion and deliberation, to allow any
citizen, when sued in a State not his own by
a citizen of that State, to have tbe cause on
his petition transferred from the State to the
Federal courts. But throughout all the debate
which attended the consideration of the judi-
ciary act, it never entered into any man's head
to suggest that the tribunals of the State would
not be indifferent and just, not only as be-
tween persons both citizens of that State, but
as between citizens also who were foreigners
of the States.
Now, it is proposed by this bill of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlek,] with-
out cause, without advantage, as I think with
manifold disadvantage, to transfer this juris-
diction of the State courts as between all parties
not citizens of the State to the Federal tribu-
nals. For myself I am satisfied that to allow
every stranger who may be sued in the courts
of any State, provided he is sued by a person
also a non-resident of that State, to bring the
cause into the Federal courts, can only result
in loading down the Federal courts with an
amount of litigation much beyond anything
that has hitherto accumulated upon them, to
the delay and hinderance of justice, and will
do this without any just advantage to either
party. Would the trausfer of the court work
just advantage to the defendant? He will
still have his cause, though tried in a Federal
instead of a State court, tried by a judge of
the same locality, before a jury selected from
the same vicinage, subject to the same rules
of procedure, and subject to the same statutes
as if the cause remained to be tried in the
State courts. All this would be of no just
advantage to the defendant, while I see great
disadvantages the bill, if it becomes a law, may
occasion to plaintiffs.
I, or any other stranger to the State, travel-
ing in the State of Noith Carolina, for illus-
tration, am set upon, insulted, and abused by
another also not a resident of the State. The
injured man goes to the local tribunal, and
takes measures for redress right on the spot
where the injury occurred. The occurrence
was there ; the witnesses are all about there ;
and justice should be done there. But pass
this bill and the defendant who did the wrong
will transler the action to the Federal court,
hundreds of miles away, at'the other end of
that State, there being there, as in many parts
of the country, but one Federal court in that
State, and thus force the plaintiff with his wit-
nesses to follow the proceeding there or aban-
don it. And this is but one of the hardships
that would result.
Why, sir, you could not under this bill fore-
close a single mortgage in which the subse-
quent lieu holders upon the property necessary
to be foreclosed as defendants were non-resi-
dents of the State, because those defendants
could by this bill take the case into the Fed-
eral court as to them; and since the Federal
court cannot, under the Constitution, have
jurisdiction as to those defendants who were
residents of the same State with the plaintiff,
your suit would be perpetually hung up by the
conflicting jurisdictions. In every point of
view, sir, I have been able to give to this bill
it is alike unnecessary, calculated to embar-
rass the administration of justice, and calcu-
lated to load down the Federal courts. It is,
too, 1 repeat, a departure from the theory of
administering justice which was wisely and
carefully established by the iramers of the
Constitution itself, and which has prevailed
over eighty years. It seems to me this step
ought not to be taken at least without far more
reflection and consideration than the House
Can now give it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
correct two very grave misapprehensions of
my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Pottku.]
