1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2545
The attention of members of this House
may with propriety be cailed to the history
of the people who have opened and built up
that country. Sir, they went from the State
of Illinois a quarter of a century since, when
even that mighty State of Iowa, which sends
her numerous Representatives here to-day, i
was almost a wilderness. Barefooted, de- I
spised, downtrodden, these people wended
their way westward seeking a home. They
rested awhile upon the banks of the Missouri
to raise a little corn to feed their women and
children. While they were sojourning there
for a season our Government became engaged
in the war with Mexico ; and to vindicate our
honor those people, in obedience to a call of
the President of the United States, sent for-
ward five hundred men to protect the flag of
their country. They went into Utah when no
white man dwelt there with the exception of
a few trappers. They inaugurated in that
country a system of irrigation and of farm-
ing. They started the work of building up the
country, and to do this effectually and to en-
courage men in their enterprises the Legisla-
tive Assembly gave privileges to companies of
men which were beneficial to the country and
of which the people never complained. They
gave protection to the emigi'ant wending his
way to the golden shores of the Pacific.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUNNELL rose.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I should like to
have a little more time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Minnesota will yield to the gen-
tleman from Utah a few minutes longer.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I do not trouble
the House often, and I hope the gentleman
will give me a few minutes longer.
Mr. DUNNELL. I will yield to the gen-
tleman five minutes more.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I thank the gen-
tleman.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will state to the House
that the first winter I spent in Great Salt Lake
City, twenty-two winters ago, the city was
little better than a hospital; hundreds of men,
worn en, and children lay there sick arising from
the fatigues and casualties of thelong and weary
journey they had made the summer before.
Their great aim was to reach the half-way
house between the Missouri river and the Pa-
cific ocean, and no tongue can tell the suffer-
ings they endured in reaching their destina-
tion.
Let me say to those who have indicated so
strong a desire to impress upon the minds of
this House and upon the minds of the coun-
try that the Mormon people are wicked, un-
feeling, and disloyal, that, notwithstanding all
the abuse that has been heaped upon them,
they have ever taken care of the sick and
wounded who have stopped in their midst
while en route to the Pacific. They have taken
them into their houses and nursed them, and
have cared for the emigrants in every way
possible ; and when they have been recuper-
ated they have gone forth upon their journey
rejoicing in good health.
But let us come back to the main question.
There are seventy-five thousand people, sir,
from Salt Lake City settled upon the line of
this proposed route. Many of these settle-
ments are over twenty years of age. We re-
ceived no grant of lands to build railroads.
We built a telegraph line, and we hauled our
wire out to Salt Lake, over eleven hundred
miles. The rails we could not haul that dis-
tance. But, sir, the very moment the Union
Pacific railroad reached us we commenced to
construct branch roads. And I may say here,
Mr. Speaker, that the people whom I have the
honor to represent upon this floor to-day helped
to construct, by their labor, about three hun-
dred miles of the Union Pacific and Central
Pacific railroad.
We invited the Central and Union Pacific
Railroad Companies to build a road to Ogden,
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 160.
or, in other words, to pass around from
Ogden to Salt Lake City. They, however,
thought it better to keep north of Salt Lake
City. This decision compelled the building
of a road from Ogden to Salt Lake City. The
charge had been made against us that we did
not want any railroad communications. We
showed what truth there was in this by build-
ing, in ninety days, that road for which this
House voied us the right of way, and Congress
recognized that organization by that act- In
continuation of that line from great Sait Lake
City it was proposed last spring to construct a
road, which was called the Utah Southern.
We asked for legislation; but, as you will
remember, Mr. Speaker, no committees had
been appointed in the House, and the Senate,
by resolution, agreed not to legislate except
on two or three matters of national importance.
I had therefore to go back home without the
grant of the right of way, but wiili the assur-
ance from leading men that if the road was
built, it should receive from the Government
the right of way for the purpose of protecting
the industry and investment of the people.
Accordingly the road was commenced, which
we have now running twenty-one or tweniy-
two miles from Salt Lake City, and with a road
bed graded nearly fifty miles. It is expected
the road will be built and in running order for
a distance of seventy miles during this year,
and to have it built two hundred miles more in
a few years' time, and so open up that Territory
and let in the light which gentlemen seem so
desirous of having shine down upon that
people.
Mr. SARGENT. Where does the gentle-
man propose to have the road terminate ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. The intention is
to carry it to the southern boundary of the
Territory.
Mr. DUNNELL. I now yield for five min-
utes to the gentleman from Montana.
Mr. CLAGETT. Mr. Speaker, I have again
sought the floor for the purpose of saying a
few words in reply to some remarks of the
Delegate from Utah. Now, so faras allusions
have been made by that gentleman to the Ter-
ritory of Utah, and so far as all he has said in
behalf of the enterprise of the people of that
Territory is concerned, I undertake to say,
and I say it with no fear of successful contra-
diction, that there is not one of the other
Territories of the Union to-day which has not
done all that is claimed for the Territory of
Utah, and done it, too, in one half of the time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. And for every-
thing you did you received enormous grants
of land, while we have done everything by
ourselves without any governmental aid.
Mr. CLAGETT.  I know whereof i speak.
I know something of the animus of these
church leaders in Salt Lake City. I have not
gone there as a member of Congress to be
feasted and fited by these men coming around
seeking favors. I have gone there simply as
an emigrant driving a bull team, and have seen
things which known members of Congress are
never permitted to see, if it can be avoided.
I went to Salt Lake City in 1866, intending to
cast my lot with the Territory ot Utah, and the
reason why I did not stay there I will state.
At the time I was there an ordinary legal
question was raised, or sought to be raised, in
the courts of the county. This question con-
cerned the legal validity of the trust deeds that
were given to Brigham Young as trustee in
trugt for the Church of Latter Day Saints of
the Lord Jesus Christ, or, as I am informed,
the records at Salt Lake somewhat reverently
style him Trustee for J. C. When a suit was
about to be brought or was pending, I forget
which, in 1866, for the purpose of determining
the validity of those trust deeds, a notice was
served on the attorneys that if they dared to
raise that question in the courts their throats
would be cut. Seeing such things as these, 1
came to the conclusion that Utah was no
place for me to stay, or any other person who
had a family to rear, and therefore put some
value on his life, and I went on my way to
Montana.
As regards Utah furnishing a base of supply
from which we drew our goods, flour, &c., in
the early history of Montana, I will state for
the information of the gentleman from Utah
that we paid high prices for everything we
bought from that quarter, and thus built up
his Territory by affording its people a market
for their produce.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. The articles were
sold cheap.
Mr. CLAGETT. And now as regards the
question of loyalty, will the gentleman from
Uiah question the truth of the fact which I
now state, that during the progress of the late
war, when this Govern ment was straining every
nerve for the purpose of suppressing the rebel-
lion raging through one half of the country,
Brigham Young, instead of givingany help to
the Government, raised the British flag in Salt
Lake City. Ay, and this flag would have
been there to day if Brigham Young had had
his will, and if General Pat Conner had not
threatened to send a cannon-shot from Camp
Douglas through his seraglio if it was not
lowered.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I deny entirely
what, the gentleman has stated.
Mr. CLAGETT. The gentleman may deny
it, but it has already passed into history. The
supporters of the Mormon system have gone
so far, and the gentleman from Utah himself,
right here upon this floor, has gone so far as to
deny the truth of statements of fact, which
are on record in the statute books of the Ter-
ritory, and which I can produce here in a few
minutes, if the opportunity be allowed me.
Not only did the Mormon leaders through
their control of the territorial Legislature
grant to themselves immense tracts of land
for herd grounds and other purposes, but they
went further. In a country where land is ab-
solutely worthless, without water for irriga-
tion, where without water you can raise noth-
ing more from the soil than you could from
this naked floor, Brigham Young secured in
himself or his satellites by grant from the Le-
gislature of Utah a monopoly of the streams
and water-courses accessible to the people
who were settling up the country. They sus-
tained this monopoly by packing the courts,
by means of an illegal statute conferring upon
the probate judges, elected by themselves,
concurrent jurisdiction with the district courts
in all cases in chancery and at common law,
thus practically but completely ousting from
the exercise of their jurisdiction the courts es-
tablished by the United States.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. The reason why
we gave this power to the probate courts was
because the Federal judges had all left the
Territory.
Mr. CLAGETT. The judges had left the
Territory, had they ? Why did they leave? It
was because they were driven out by the hos-
tility of the Mormon leaders, and had the best
of reasons to believe that their lives would be
in danger should they remain. The gentleman
is estopped from setting up the fact of their
leaving as an excuse for this unwarrantable
usurpation of power in seeking to confer upon
inferior courts powers which had been denied
them by the organic act of the Territory. Not
only did the Mormon leaders usurp this power,
but they even carried their settled hostility to
the Government to such an extent as to deny
the legal validity of the territorial Legislature
itself, as evidenced by the custom which pre-
vailed of the members of the Legislature meet-
ing (after the transaction of their legislative
duties) as members of the mock Legislature
of the so-called State of Deseret, and sol-
emnly confirming the territorial statutes which
they had previously enacted.
Having thus packed the probate courts in
their interest to exercise plenary powers of
jurisdiction over all questions arising for adju-
