1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4387
Carpenter, Chandler, Clay ton,Corbett, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Gilbert. Goldthwnite, U.imhn, Lewis, Morrill of Ver-
mont. Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Saulsbury, Spen-
cer, Vickers, and Wright—22.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agieed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only want to say a
word, and then I hope we may get a vote on
Ibe question; and I shall only say that because
the Senator from Vermont seemed to think
that he had not been treated courteously.
The motion was made in his presence; but it
is very difficult, as the Chair is aware, to get
the floor and make a motion in order. At the
time I made the motion it required unanimous
consent, and the Senator from Vermont being
present objected. This morning I had to take
advantage of the first moment I could get to
make the motion and have it in order; and
when I did make it in order the Senator from
i1 ew York persistently objected to it, and
Miught by every means to prevent its consid-
eration.
The Senator from Vermont has made some
remarks as to the action of the committee. I do
not propose to go into the actiod of the commit-
tee further than to say this: that I have called
several meetingsof the committee, given notice
of them, and have been unable toobtain a quo-
rum of the committee toact upon this and some
other measures that I think ought to be acted
on that have passed the House of Representa-
tives ; and as to those measures that ought to
be acted upon at this late stage of the session
it seems to me no discourtesy to discharge the
committee from and let them come before the
Senate. One of the members of the commit-
tee, I think, is out of the city now, and the
Senator from Vermont has not been well, and
this has prevented our having a quorum of the
committee for the last three meetings that
have been called. Under such circumstances
I think it ptoper, without seeking to blame
anybody, that this bill, so important in its
character, should be brought to the notice of
the Senate, and it was for that reason that I
made the motion to discharge the committee
and have it placed upon the Calendar, and
then it will be for the Senate to dispose of it
as it thinks proper.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN._ I may say that
I am not aware of any meeting having been
called except on Tuesday morning and this
morning. On Monday night we were here
until twelve o'clock, or at least I was; the
Senator from Illinois wrs not. Last night I
was here until half past ten o'clock, and the
Senator from Illinois was not. It is very easy
for the chairman of the committee, who had
not attended ihe Senate the evening before, to
call committee meetings at ten o'clock in the
morning, but not so easy for those who are
here until eleven or twelve o'clock at night to
attend.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should be very
sorry by any vote of mine to cast any reflec-
tion upon any committee of this body; and
yet X am inclined to have this bill go on the
Calendar. It has reference to the seizure of
merchants' books, and those seizures some-
times take place very much to the disadvan-
tage and embarrassment of merchants. It is
essential for the revenues that seizures should
be permitted. The only question is, how and
in what manner; whether they shall be per-
mitted in a manner to interfere the least with
the merchant's business and yet secure the
collection of the revenue? This bill is de-
signed to meet both of those necessities. I
think there are changes which should be made
in it; and when they are made I think it
would not work disadvantageous^ to the mer-
cantile interests, would work no embarrass-
ment to them, and would aid in securing a just
collection of the revenue. Therefore I hope
the bill may go on the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As the Senate is dis-
posed to consider this question of discharging
this committee at this time, ditferingfrom what
/(On PmTn Or, QrL'J "\Tr\ 9*79
it does in respect to other eonfmit.tees, it is
proper that the situation of this matter should
be understood in order that the Senate may
take the responsibility with its eyes open. I
believe nobody pretends at this present time
that this bill which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary is in a shape in which
it would be safe for the public interest to pass
it. I think I am safe in saying that, as far as
we were able to go with its consideration in
the committee, upon the report of the member
to whom it was committed for examination,
several amendments which were agreed to
were agreed to by general consent, unani-
mously, as eminently proper and necessary to
be made. There are a good many others, as I
believe I stated before, that we then had not
time to consider. Now, let me suggest to the
Senator from Connecticut, if it is to be advan-
tageous to the public interest, in its aid, to pass
a new law on the subject of the seizures of
books and papers in cases where there is a
Criminal accusaiion against the party,.is it not
worth while to have by some committee such
a bill considered, in order that it may be per-
fected, for the protection of the citizens, and at.
the same time effectual for the protection of
all thecitizens who are interested in an honest,
payment of duties and in honest behavior upon
the part of importers?
That is a question which I am sure the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut would be
obliged to answer in the affirmative; and yet
in spite of that he proposes to take this bill
incomplete from the committee and put it on
the Calendar for consideration in the Senate
with two days more of the session left. Let
me ask the Senator—because I ask it with
entire respect, for he knows I respect bim—
whether he thinks it is probable that a bill
taken out of committee in that way and placed
upon the Calendar is likely to receive that
sort of consideration and that sort of amend-
ment which would be satisfactory either to
the merchants or to the authorities of the
United States who represent all the mer-
chants, the honest as well as dishonest, in en-
deavoring to have a proper administration of
the law? Certainly that is a proposition which
would not apply to any other bill. There may
be something so sacred in this notion of again
tinkering the law upon the subject of the seiz-
ure of books, that you must pass an-imperfect
law in respect to that, which will work well,
that will not apply to any other case. If.so,
I am unable to see on what ground such'a
proposition would proceed.
Why,' Mr. President, by the present law,
which was maturely considered, and which is
only five or six years old, very careful provis-
ion was made, as it was then thought, to secure
the rights of both parties. The phraseology of
-the present law is that before a seizure can be
authorized there must.be an affidavit or affida-
vits setting forth under oath the facts which are
supposed to warrant the seizure. The affida-
vit must be presented to a judge of the courts
of the United States. No commissioner, no
marshal, no officer of the customs, no person
can exercise the authority of seizing books or
papers or property, because it all stands upon
the same notion in those respects, without the
warrantof a judge, as provided in the Constitu-
tion ; and, as I say, the language of the pres-
ent. law is that there must be evidence to the
satisfaction of the judge, that is to say to the
convincing of the judicial mind, that there is
necessity for the seizure of the particular books
or papers described.
Now, it is said, and no doubt in instances
truly, because there is no administration of
justice which is not in some instances abused ;
it is said that instances have happened where
warrants have been granted without due con-
sideration, where the judge has made a matter
of form of it, or when he has granted a proper
warrant, that some improper deputy marshal,
or some person who has had the execution of
the warrant, has been guilty of impropriety in
carrying out his duty as an executive officer in
serving it. That may be so. I do not doubt
that in some instances it is so. It is essential,
as human nature is constituted, to the admin-
istration of justice that warrants of this kind
shall go ; aud it is also certain, as they do go,
as in every other department of the adminis-
tration of justice, there will occasionally be
abuse ; there is no help for that.
So, Mr. President, I am not standing up
here to deny that warrants may have been
abused; but I do think, now that I am up,
that it is safe to say that the moving cause of
this present bill, the moving cause of the large
number of petitions which bore the same print,
and which had the same covers, and which
came from all parts of the country, and which
I have been credibly informed from some re-
gions in my own State where they circulate,
were circulated for a price, at so much a name,
and almost anybody would sign who was asked,
110 matter what fur. It is as you often see in
the city of New York crossing on the ferry-
boats, there will be a man there getting signa-
tures to all sorts of petitions, and if you ask
him how much he gets fordoing that work, he
will say that he gets a penny a name or two
pennies a name. I say that I think the moving
cause of this bill, which is not one that should
lead us to make undue haste in its considera-
tion, is the purely political screed which was
got up some months ago in what is called the
interest of "revenue reform," whatever that
may be. That has turned out to be a phrase
of rather doubtful meaning. This legislation
was initiated as one of the affairs to be brought
forward, as one of the things that the revenue
reformers were to do. I do not believe that
but for the fact of the political ferment in the
country that takes place once in fouryears, any
amendment of this law would have been sug-
gested or thought of, because the only fault ,
m it is an occasional fault in the administra-
tion of it, just as there is in the administra-
tion of the trial-by jury, or in the administra-
tion of the high duties of a grand jury, or in
the administration of a court of chancery, or
any other thing. None of them are perfect;
none of them can be perfect in practice.
Therefore, Mr. President, I do not think
that it is altogether right for the Senate, when
there has been no disposition in the Judiciary
Committee to evade action upon this bill,
when it has exercised diligence in obedience
to its duty toward the Senate in a careful
examination of it, and when on account of
the circumstances that have been stated, that
examination is not concluded and is in pro-
gress—I Bay it would be a somewhat extra-
ordinary, and I cannot help saying a some-
what discourteous act toward that committee
to relieve it from the duty with which it has
been charged.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order, which
is the unfinished business of yesterday, the
report of the committee of conference on the
bill (H. R. No. 2116) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for the better security of
life on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and for other purposes,"
approved February 28, 1871. This, however,
is superseded by a unanimous order which
was entered on Wednesday last, and -which
the Chair will read:
"The Peesidins Officer. The Chairwil! state
the proposition. The Chair understands the propo-
sition to be that the further consideration of this
bill"—
That is, the sundry civil expenses appropri-
ation bill—
" be postponed until Friday at twelve o'clock, when
it shall be taken up in preference to all other busi-
ness, and be proceeded with, and no debate had on
this pending: question, nor on any amendment there-
to, either in Committee of the Whole or in the Sen-
ate."
The pending question being the motion to
