1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75S
The SPEAKER. At the time the gentle-
roan from Massachusetts called up the resolu-
tion to-day he entered a motion to recommit,
and the gentleman from Indiana is aware that
under the rules of the House no motion to
amend can be entertained pending a motion
to recommit.
Mr. KERR. I did not hear the motion, and
did not know that it was made.
The SPEAKER. He made it in an audible
voice. The gentleman from Massachusetts has
the floor.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee desires the floor I will yield to him.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do desire the floor.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I said if the House desired
it I would call for the previous question at the
conclusion of the remarks of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a question of
order: whether, under the understanding
which has already been had, the motion to
adjourn does not operate as a call for the
previous question?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not distinct
on that point, and he takes the understand-
ing of the gentleman having £he report in
charge.
Mr. DAWES. I intimated, if there were
no objection, I would call the previous ques-
tion as soon as the gentleman from New York
[Mr. E. H. Roberts] concluded Ms remarks.
In the mean time the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Maynard] attracted my attention.
He expressed a desire to be heard, and as he
is a member of the committee I did not know
liow I could refuse him.
Mr. RANDALL. There are other members
of the House, notmembers of this committee,
who desire to say something in reference to
this immense financial question, involving the
best interests of the Governmentand the policy
which is hereafter to be pursued in reference
to the negotiation of the loans. It is a ques-
tion which ought to have the fullest discussion
in this House.
Mr. DAWES. My only desire is to relieve
myself of obligations to the Committee on
Appropriations to get through with this as
soon as possible, so the Indian appropria-
tion bill may be taken up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear
what, the understanding was.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to un-
derstand the situation the question will be
in to morrow, before he puts the motion to
adjourn. If the gentleman from Tennessee,
who now occupies the floor, yields for a motion
to adjourn, this will go over and be the first
business in order to-morrow, as the unfin-
ished business, to the exclusion of all other
business.
Mr. SARGENT. I inquire of the Chair
whether or not he is aware it was understood
by the House that at the conclusion of the
remarks of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. E. H. Roberts] the previous .question
should be called by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts?
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the
Chair is not distinct in reference to an under-
standing of that kind; but there was a general
expression on both sides of the House that
to-day would finish. The Chair does not feel
like enforcing it as a general understanding.
Mr. KERR. I objected.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kerr] objected to making an under-
standing. The gentleman from Massachusetts
intimated thatiu his opinion a day might finish
the discussion ; but the Chair repeats that that
could not have the force of an understanding.
And then, on motion of Mr. DfCKBY, (at
four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
42d Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 48.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, <fcc.,were presented
under tbe rule, and referred to the appropriate
com ujitr, ees:
By Mr. BANKS: The remonstrance of the
Machinists' and Blacksmiths' Union No. 1, of
Massachusetts, against the passage of any law
tending to defeat the objects of the present
eight-hour law, and urging the Senators and
Representatives of Massachusetts to use all
honorable means to prevent the passage of
any law reducing the wages of mechanics
employed by the Government.
By Mr. COTTON : The memorial and joint
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Iowa, praying that the right be granted to
bridge the Mississippi river at Clinton in said
State, and that the same be declared a post
route, with the same powers and restrictions
as are given to other bridges charted by the
laws of Congress.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Joseph
j Kartell, Brown & Shay, Hier & Aldrieh, J. J.
I Carr & Co., and others, of Syracuse, New
| York, manufacturers of cigars, praying an
| increase of tariff on imported cigars to the
j extent of three dollars per pound, and fifty
1 per cent, ad valorem, and setting forth that
'■ the high price of domestic tobacco and the
internal revenue tax upon domestic cigars
have brought foreign cigars into dangerous
competition with the industry of manufactur-
ing cigars in the United States.
Also, the petition of John J. Junio, William
Fryer, Charles Jackson, and 95 others, of
Syracuse, New York, cigar-makers, praying
an increase of tariff on imported cigars to
the extent of three dollars per pound, and fifty
per cent, ad valorem, and setting forth that
the high price of domestic tobacco and the
internal revenue tax upon domestic cigars
have brought foreign cigars into dangerous
competition with the industry of manufac-
turing cigars in the United States.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: A petition
for the improvement of Ashtabula harbor.
By Mr. GETZ: The remonstrance of 94
workers in the iron-works at Birdsborough,
Berks county, Pennsylvania, against any
change in the tariff laws abating or abolishing
the duties upon such articles as are success-
fully produced in this country, and praying
the repeal of all duties upon tea, coffee,
and other necessaries of life that cannot be
produced in the United States.
By Mr. FORKER: The memorial of J. M.
Learly, Charles Breasly, and 500 others, citi-
zens of Trenton, New Jersey, asking that the
existing duties upon earthenware be retained,
and the repeal of all duties upon tea, coffee,
and such other articles of necessity as cannot
be produced in the United States, and that
duties be so adjusted as to encourage and de-
fend home industry and foster the interests
of the American laborer.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The memo-
rial of the Industrial League, of Detroit, in
favor of protection of American labor.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition of R. G. Chase
and others, for the repeal of the stamp tax on
contracts under $100.
By Mr. KELLBY: The remonstrance of citi-
zens of Centre, Huntingdon, and Clearfield
counties, Pennsylvania, against the reduction
or repeal of duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country.
By Mr. KILLINGBR: The memorial of
numerous citizens of Schuylkill county, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against a change in
existing tariff laws abolishing or abating duties
on such articles as are successfully produced
in this country: also, praying the repeal of all
duties on tea, colfee, and such other articles of
neci-s^ity or comfort as cannot be produced iu
the United States.
Also, the memorial of numerous citizens of
Ssbuylkill county, Pennsylvania, praying that
more equal legislation may be had in regard
to t.he distillation of whisky.
By Mr. McGREW: The petition of 76 citi-
zens of West Virginia, late soldiers of the Uni-
ted States, asking a modification of the act
of Congress approved July lo, 1870, so as to
allow soldiers mentioned therein to enter the
amount of land therein allowed without -the
condition of settlement and cultivation, to
give a patent therefor unconditionally, and to
equalize bounties to soldiers.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Eman-
uel Corye.ll, guardian of the minor children of
Joseph B. Coryell, late a soldier in company
F, twenty-sixfh Pennsylvania volunteers, ask-
ing a pension for the said minor children.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The memorial of Mar-
tha A. Brooks, widow of John W. Brooks, late
a private in company I, sixty-ninth regiment
Ohio volunteer infantry, praying a pension.
By Mr. SWANN: The memorial of B-. F.
Pb. Lewib, commander in the United States
Navy.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York: The
petition of the president and trustees of the
Southold Savings Bank, asking to be relieved
from the tax on deposits.
Also, the petition of the Sag Harbor Savings
Bank, for the same.
■ By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
John Armstrong and others, praying a change
by the reduction and extension of mail routes
9229 and 9309 in Ohio.
By Mr. WALDRON: The petition of Ma-
cauley & Warmsley, and 60 other business
firms, of Detroit, Michigan, asking the passsge
of the bill g ranting increased compensation to
letter-carriers.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 1, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D., Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bills referred.
The following bills received yesterday from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and leferred to the
Committee on the Judiciary:
A bill (H. R. No. 183) to extend the time
in which certain offenses may be prosecuted ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2S6) to perpetuate testi-
mony in the courts of the United Stales; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1331) relating to wit-
nesses for respondents iu extradition cases.
philadelphia ice-boats.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 487) to exempt
the iron steam ice-boats constructed, by the
city of Philadelphia from the inspection re-
quired by the act of February 28, 1871, entitled
"An act to provide for the better security of
life on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and for other purposes..''
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was, t.t the end of the bill to add the
following proviso;
Prodded, This act shalf expire at the end of six
months from and after its passage.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communications.
The .VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of" the St cretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in compliance wi'h a resolution
of the Senate of the 14'h of December, 1871,
a report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office relative to the drainage of Beaver
lake, Indiana: which was ordered to- lie on
the table, and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lays
before the Senate a letter of the Secretary of
