1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
7M
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
That merchandise transported under the pro- j
visions of this act shall be conveyed in cars, !
vessels, or vehicles, securely fastened with !
locks or seals, under the exclusive control of |
the officers of customs; and inspectors shall !
be stationed at proper points along the desig- j
uated rou'es, or upon any car, vessel, vehicle, j
or train, at the discretion of the said Secretary, |
and a', the expense of the said companies re- I
spectively. And such merchandise shall not be
unladen or transhipped between the ports of
firstarrival and final destination, unless author-
ized by the regulations of the Secretary of the
Treasury, in cases which may arise from a dif-
ference in the gauge of railroads, or from acci-
dents, or from legal intervention, or from low
water, ice, or other unavoidable obstruction
to navigation ; but in no case shall there be
permitted any breaking of the original pack-
ages of such merchandise.
Approved, April 5, 1872.
Chap. LXXXVIF.—An Act to change the
Inc.iiion of the First National Bank of
Seneca, State of Illinois, to the City of
Morns, Illinois.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the First National
Banii of Seneca, now located at Seneca, La
Salle county, Siate of Illinois, is hereby author-
ized to change its location to the city of Morris,
county of Grundy, and State aforesaid. When-
ever the stockholders, representing three
fourths of the capital of said bank, at a meet-
ing called fur that purpose, determine to make
such change, the president and cashier shall
execute a certificate under the corporate seal
of the bank specifying such determination,
and shall cause the same to be recorded in the
office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and
thereupon such change of location shall be
effected, and the operations of discount and
deposit shall be carried on in the city of
Morris
Sec 2. That nothing in this act contained
shall be so construed as in any manner to
release the snid bank from any liability, or
affect any action or proceeding in law, in which
the said bank be a party or interested ; and
when such change shall have been determined
upou as aloresaid, notice thereof, and of such
change, shall be published in at least one
weekly newspaper in each of the counties of
Grundy and La Salle, in the State of Illinois,
for not less than four successive weeks.
Sec. 3. That this act shall take effect and
be in force from and after its passage.
Approved, April 5, 1872.
Chap. LXXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Sufferers by Fire at Chicago.
Beit enactcdby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Ainenca in
Congress assembled, That on all guodf, wares,
and merchandise which may be sent from
places without the limits of the United States
as gratuitous contributions to the relief of
sullerers by the fire which occurred at Chicago,
Illinois, October seventh, eighth, and ninth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, shall, when
imported and consigned to the proper author-
ity at Chicago for distribution, be admitted
free of ('uty.
Sec. 2. That there shall be allowed and
paid, under such regulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall prescribe, on all mate-
rials, except lumber, imported to be and
actually used in buildings erected on the site
of buildings burned by said fire, a drawback
of the import duties pa d on tliosame: pro-
vided, That said materials shall have been
imported and used during the term of one
year from and alter the passage of this act.
Skc. 3. That the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue is hereby authorized to suspend the
collection of such taxes as may have been
assessed, or as may have accrued, prior to the
ninth of October, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-one, m the first collection district of the
State of Illinois, against any person residing
or doing business and owning property in that
portion of the city of Chicago recently de-
stroyed by fire, and who, in the opinion of
said Commissioner, has suffered material loss
by such fire: Provided, That such suspension
shall not be continued after the close of the
next regular session of Congress.
Approved, April 5, 1872.
Chap. XC.—An Act defining the Rights of
Part Owners of Vessels in certain eases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any person or per-
sons or body-corporate having more than one
half ownership of any vessel shall have the
same power to remove a captain, who is also
part owner of such vessel, as such majority-
owners now have to remove a captain not an
owner: Provided, That this act shall not
apply where there is a valid written agreement
subsisting, by virtue of which such captain
would be entitled to possession, nor in any
case where a captain has possession as part
owner, obtained before the passage of this act.
Approved, April 9, 1872.
Chap. XCI.—An Act to settle and quiet the
Titles to Lands along the Boundary Line
between the States of Georgia and Florida.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Tnat the titles to all lands
lying south of the line dividing the States of
Georgia and Florida, known as the Orr and
Whitner line, lately established as the true
boundary between said States, and north of
the line run by Georgia, known as the Watson
line, being all the lauds lying between said
lines, be, and the same are hereby, confirmed,
so far as the United States has title thereto, in
the present owners deriving titles from the
State of Georgia.
Approved, April 9, 1872.
Chap. XCVI.—An Act granting the Right of
Way through the Public Lands for the Con-
struction of a Railroad from Great Salt Lake
to Portland, Oregon.
- Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assetnbled, That for the purpose of
aiding in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from Portland, iu the State of
Oregon, by the way of Dalles city, to some
suitable point on the Union Pacific or Central
Pacific railroad in the vicinity of Salt Lake,
not further east than Green river, with a branch
from a suitable point west of the Blue mount-
ains to a suitable point in Walla-Walla valley,
there are hereby granted to the Portland,
Dalles, and Salt Lake Railroad Company,
organized under articles of incorporatkm filed
in the office of the secretary of State o'Oregon
on the twenty-fifth day of March, anno Dom-
ini eighteen hundred and seventy-one. and to
their successors and assigns, a strip of land
one hundred feet wide on each side of the
centre line of said road, and the necessary
lands for depots, stations, side-tracks, and
other needful uses in operating said road and
telegraph, not exceeding forty acres at any-
one place: Provided, Ihat the locations for
depots, stations, and side-tracks shall not ex-
ceed for the whole line of said road more than
one location of forty acres for every ten miles
of the same, and when made upon surveyed
lands shall conform to the Government surveys
thereof.
Sec. 2. That said company shall, within six
months after the location of any section of
twenty miles or more of their said road, if
the same be upon surveyed land, and if upon
unsurveyed land, then within six months
after the survey thereof by the United States,
file a plat of such located section, together
with proof thereof, with the register of the
land office for the district wherein said located
section may be situated, and upon approval
thereof the same shall be noted upon the town-
ship plats in said office, and thereafter all lands
over which the said line of road shall pass
shall be sold, located, or disposed of by the
United States, subject to such right of way so
located as aforesaid: Provided, That the line
of said road shall be located within three years
after the passage of this act: And provided
further, That said road shall be completed
within ten years thereafter.
Approved, April 12, 1S72.
Chap. XCIX.—An Act to change the Time
for holding the Spring Term of the United
States Circuit and District Courts at Harri-
sonburg, Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That instead of the time
now provided for in the act approved Febru-
ary first, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
"to change the times for holding circuit and
district courts of the United States for west-
ern district of Virginia," for holding the
spring term at Harrisonburg, in that State,
said courts shall be held thereat on the Tues-
day after the first Monday in May in each year.
Approved, April 13, 1872.
Chap. CII.—An Act for the Relief of the Offi-
cers and Crew of the United States Steamer
" Kearsarge."
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to pay, out of money hereafter to be
appropriated, to Rear Admiral John A. Wins-
low, and the officers and crew belonging to the
United States steamer " Kearsarge," while
engaged in the capture and destruction of the
vessel called the "Alabama," on the nine-
teenth day of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty four, the sum of one hundred and ninety
thousand dollars, the same being the estimated
value thereof, to be distributed to the officers
and crew attached to the "Kearsarge" at the
date above named according to the pay roll of
the ship at the time, and to be in lieu of the
bounty authorized by the eleventh section of
the act of June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, entitled "An act to regulate
prize proceedings, and so forth:" Provided,
That no money shall be paid to the assignee of
any of said officers or crew, entitled to receive
the same, but only to himself in person, or to
his wife, or to his personal representatives,
excluding any such assignee: And provided
further, That if any of the officers or crew of
said United States steamer '' Kearsarge " shall
have received the bounty provided tor by the
said section eleven of the act of June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, the same shall
be deducted from the amount to bepaidtosuch
officer or seaman under this act.
Approved, April 17, 1872.
Chap. CIII.—An Act to change the Bound-
aries of the Collection District of Brazos
de Santiago, in the State of Texas.
Be it enactedby the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in ■
Congress assembled, That the county of Starr,
now forming a part of the collection district
of Corpus Christi, in the State of Texas, shall
