2546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
dicatiori, they defied all possibility of hostile
immigration into the Territory ; and any man
who, relying upon the laud laws of the United
States, dared to settle upon the unoccu-
pied lands covered by these empty legislative
grants, wag speedily sued in ejectment brought
in the probate courts, and by the swift judg-
ments of these courts ousted from possession
without the faintest possibility of redress.
One might think that there was nothing more
in the line of usurpation and oppression which
they could do ; but, sir, there wa3 still one
more step which they could take, and they
promptly took it Not content with a Legis-
lature entirely composed of Mormons grant-
ing away the public domain to church digni-
taries without stint: not content with courts
illegally clothed with plenary powers ami
pledged by the very character of their organ-
ization to uphold ail of these usurpations, for
fear that they had not yet got the ligaments
of irresponsible power sufficiently tightened
around all of those principles of equity and
law which constitute our common and most
precious birth-right as American citizens,
principles wliicli are the ripened product of
the ablest and purest legal and judicial minds
of two continents, and which represent, the
perfected wisdom and justice of a thousand
years—lor fear, I repeat, that, a few straggling
rays of light emanating from these grand old
principles of the common law might still pen-
etrate into the darkened chambers of the tem-
ples of justice, they passed a statute making it
a penal offense for any lawyer to dare to quote
in any of the courts of the Territory any law-
book as authority in any judicial proceeding
except the delectable and immaculate statutes
of Utah.
Mr. DUNNELL. I will yield the remainder
of my time to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stbvknkon] who is a member of the Commit-
tee on Public iititids.
Mr. STEVENSON. How much time is
left?
The SPKAKER. There arc eighteen min-
utes of the hour remaining.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I yield three
minutes to the gentleman from Utah, [Mr.
Hooper.]
Mr. HOOPKIi, of Utah. As I have before
remarked, it has been considered popular
whenever a certain u'siill is to bo arrived at
to draw attention in the opposite direction
by cries of "heiesy," " Morntoni&m," and
"polygamy." Why sir, I consider it an insult
to this House to make such appeals. Is there
not judgment, is there not sense enough, }0s,
common sense enough here, to enable gentle-
men to understand the motives of men ? I ask
gentlemen if potatoes grow spontaneously from
the ground, if fruit trees grow spontaneously
and jield their Iruits without culture, if houses
spring up ui the night.time as mushrooms
do; or in other words, I ask who has planted
tin; foundations of wealth, material industry,
and permanency of civilization in the heart
of this continent bat that people at whom the
shafts ol venom have to-day been cast upon
this floor? Sir. 1 appeal to any unprejudiced
man on either Hide of tliis House, who has
visited that, country, to stand by me in saying
that perhaps a greater achievement in the face
of obstacles and obstructions never has been
accomplished by any people of which history
treats.
1 have alluded already, sir, as an answer
to the chaige of di^loyahy against the people
of Utah, to the fact that in an hour of trial
to the country they responded uudt-r circum-
stances than which no more difficult can be
imagined ; they left their wives and children
in the wiicltrne&s surrounded hy savages, and
exhibited their devotion to the Government
in the most loyal manner, i allude this
rimply to bring me back to a charge which
the IX legate from Montana has ungenerously
urged, to the effect that a fiat? of Great Britain
wa>> unfurled in Salt Lake City. I prononr.ee
that statement to be untrue from beginning to
end. Sir, the flag of that Government of
which we form a part we first raised in that
country when it was a part of Mexico, and we
have always honored it as the emblem of free-
dom, by which we always expect to stand.
[Itere tlie hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hoorisn,] who wishes to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say only that t do not concur with the gen-
tleman from Utah in his admiration of Mor-
mon institutions, and I say this that his
speech may not be attributed to me, as on a
former occasion. [Great laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I must now resume
the floor.
Mr. HOOPER, of Uiah. One word to my
friend from Massachusetts. This is not the
first time 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Utah Ls not entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENSON. I yield two minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, this bill pro-
poses to grant the right of way through the
public lands to this railroad company. It it, a
bill, therefore, because the public lands in
question lie withm the Territories of the Uni-
ted States, entirely within the power of this
Congress to enact. But it id, beyond that, a bill
to incorporate a railway company, and Con-
gress has already given to these Territories
through which the line is to run power to create
such corporations themselves. The ditliculty
ot Congress acting intelligently on any bill of
this description us exemplified by the discus-
sion on this very measure this morning. We
know, and can know but little about such
remote localities, and little about what the
effect of such charters there may prove to be.
And we have just had a discussion between
the genthnntm from the different Territories
through which this railway is to run, in which
they directly antagonize each other, and are at
direct issue upon a question which the Legis-
latures of those localities could best determine.
Besides this general objection to such legis-
lation, the gentleman from Arizona tells me
that one special objection to this bill is that
under it a line may be located through certain
passes, many of which are not more than two
hundred feet wide. So that the company that
gets the fiist charter will be able by thus locat-
ing its line to uuiintain a virtual mom-poly
of the route between the two termini of this
road. And it is particularly to be observed
further that t*is bill, so far from determining
thai, the road shall be at once built, gives to
these favored incorporations five years in which
to begin the woik Now, if these grants uf
incorporation are so valuable, such monopo-
lies, that people must associate themselves live
years m advance of the time they propose
to begin theirwork. and come here to get their
favors by our legislation, it is time we stopped
granting them. 1 wait, therefore, to hear from
somebody familiar with the facts of the case
why this bill granting these rights at this time
should pass.
Mr. S TJEVENSON. I regret that any feel-
ing should be mingled with this debate. There
is no occasion for the friends and the opponents
of the peculiar domestic institution of Utah to
join in a struggle over this bill ; and X trust
that this House and the country are not to be
divided and convulsed over this remaining
4'twin relics " of barbarism as they have been
over (hat which is dead. Why, then, this op-
position? It arises not directly from th-i insti-
tution which the gentleman from Utah [Mr.
Hooper] so ab'y represents and defends, but
it comes from that system of monopoly which
has been established by the hierarchy of Utah,
which is a greater and more formidable antag-
onist. and^ may prove more lasting than that
immoral institution which excites so much
attention. Here are the statutes of tho Terri-
tory of Utah. Let me cite some of them, tak-
ing them as they come. They have given
monopolies in bridges and ferries. We find
"an act granting the control of waters from
Mill creek in Salt Lake county unto Willard
Richards;" " an act granting the waters of
Mill creek to Brigham Young;" "an act
granting unto Daniel H. Wells the right to
erect ferries across Green river:"' an act to
authorize the erection of a ferry or ferries on
Hanc's Fork river;1' and "an act granting
unto Charles Hopkins and others the rijiht to
build a bridge across the river Jordan." We
cannot even cross over Joidan without paying
toll to this hierarchy.
The rates of toll allowed by these monopolies
may be seen in " an act concerning a ferry or
ferries across Bear river, and a bridge across
the Malad." The tolls by the ferry are regu-
lated by section four, which is:
vSkc. 4. Said Young and other5? shall bo allowed to
charge toll at the following rates, namely :
For a carriage or a wagon drawn by two ani-
mals   $3 00
For a carriage or a wagon drawn by tour ani-
mals .. 4 00
For a carnage or a wagon drawn by &ix ani-
mal?   5 00
For a carriage or a wagon drawn by eight ani-
mals  0 00
For a carriage or a wagon drawn by ten ani-
mals  7 00
For a carriage or a wagon drawn by twelve ani-
mals  8 00
For carts one half tho foivyotng rate." each.
AH animals with their packs, each  1 00
All packs, each  50
All horses, mules, jack?, oxen, cows, and bulls,
except pack animals, each  25
All colts, calves, sheep, hogs and goats, each, 10
All necessary drivers and assistants in lorrying
wagons and animals, tree.
All other men, each  25
Section five prohibits other ferries.
''Sec. 5. If any person or persons shall establish a
ferry within the before described limits without a
grant from the Governor and Legislative Assembly,
he or they Miall forfeit arid pay to the people of the
Territory of Utah the sum of $1,000, to be collected
as an acrion of debt/'
They monopolize grazing grounds. Here
are—
An act granting to Ileber C. Kimball, Jedediah M.
Grant, Samuel Snyder, and their associates, the
right of grounds for herding:
Be it enactcd hy the Governor and Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Utah, That the exclu-
sive right of use of the ground commonly known
as Parley's Park, and the adjoining valley lying
southward, inelading Silver Creuk, is hereby granted
to Ileber 0. ICitnbali, Jedediah M. Grant, Samuel
Snydcr5 and their associates, for herd grounds, for
the period of twenty years.
Approved January 19,1S55.
An act granting unto Miles Weaver and Franklin
Weaver a herd ground in Utah oounty.
Section 1. Be it malted hy the Governor and Legis-
lative Annembly of the Territory of Utah, Thatall that
portion of land lying west of Utah lake, and between
said lake and the summit of the mountain ridge
dividing that from Cedar valley on the west, and
extending from the county line between Utah and
Great Salt Lake county, south along the western
shore of the Jordan river and Utah Jake, five miles
south of the present bridge across said river near
Lohi City, is granted unto Miles Weaver and Frank-
lin Weaver for «x herd ground.
Sec. 2. The said Miles Weaver and Franklin
Weaver shall have the exclusive privilege and con- ,
trol of said ground, and shall comply with the exist-
ing laws iu relation to nerding.
They have monopolized the water. Here
are—
An ordinance to control the waters of the Twin
Springs and Rock Spring, in Tooele valley and
county, tor mills and irrigating purposes.
Be it ordained and cnactM by the General
bly uf the Mate of Dexeret, That Ezra f. Benson is
hereby granted the exclusive privilege ot controlling
the waters m Tooele valley, Tooele county, known
as the iwin Springs, also the waters that issue from
a spring called the Rock Spring, in said valley and
county, for mills and irrigating purposes.
Approved December 9,1850,
An ordinance concerning City creek and canon.
Be it ordained bu the (ren&r-d Assembly of the State
of Deseret, That Brigham Young have tne sole con-
trol or City creek and canon; and that he pay into the
puolic treasury the sun: uf $*>00 therefor.
Approved December 9,185J,
