1650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
under the laws of the United States present in
that court to keep ward or watch over the
rights of the Secretary of the Treasury. The
result is that he is constrained to keep private
counsel in constant attendance upon the pro-
ceedings of that conrt, to watch his rights from
month to month and from year to year.
I think it but reasonable and just to try
whether under the Constitution of the United
States an officer of the Government, while in
the service of his country, may not be pro-
tected from being sued in the local courts of
any State of this Union, without the right on
his part to transfer the case to a court of the
United States, save where he is sued in a court
within the State of his actual residence. The
substitute which I offer leaves the public officer
liable like all other citizens to be sued at all
times in the courts of the State of his actual resi-
dence. But where he is sued in a State of
which he is a non-resident, in the language of
the substitute, and sued by reason of his fidel-
ity to official duty, it is but reasonable that his
rights should be adjudicated and finally determ-
ined in the tribunals of the country in whose
service he is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I have but one objection to the sub-
stitute. If it is right to protect officers of the
United States against this class of suits in
their private capacity, it is also right to protect
unofficial citizens in their private capacity
against these suits. I put the citizen as high
as the officer. I would not wisli to come in
here with a bill protecting myself as an officer
of the United States, while I would not afford
the same piotection to every other citizen of
the United States. If I cannot defend myself
as an officer, then the citizen ought to have all
the rights of legal protection that I have.
This is why 1 am opposed to the substitute of
the learned chairman of my committee.
But if it is constitutional to protect an offi-
cer of the United States in this way, then it
is constitutional to protect in the same man-
ner any citizen of the United States. There
is nothing in the Constitution which says that
an officer of the United States shall have any
special privileges. Thank God, everything
of that kind has been excluded from the Con
stitution. Public officials have no special
privileges and immunities. The only priv-
ileges and immunities secured by the Consti-
tution are those of citizens of the United
States as such; and one of those privileges
and immunities, as I hold, is the right to go
into the United States courts under the Con-
stitution and laws whenever prosecuted by a
citizen of another State.
A single word further. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerb] does not base his objec-
tion to the constitutionality of this bill upon
the ground that it may include suits between
citizens of the same State, for both he and I
overlooked the fact that it might possibly bear
that construction; his objection rests upon the
ground that there is no constitutional power
to enact this provision as between citizens of
different States. Now, then, we have the
same thing in this substitute. No lawyer in
this House has undertaken to say that there
is anything in this constitutional question;
therefore, the question presented by the sub-
stitute, as compared with the original bill, is
whether the Congress of the United States
will insure a privilege or immunity in the
national courts^of justice to an officer of the
United States in his private person which we
will not secure to the unofficial citizen of the
United States. I shall support the substitute
if I cannot secure the passage of the original
bill. What I desire is that the privileges of
the courts of justice may, like the dews of
heaven, be enjoyed by all alike.
Mr. McCRARY. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to propose an amend-
ment to the substitute ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. McCRARY. I move to amend the
substitute by adding to it the following addi-
tional section :
Seo. 2. And be it further enacted. That after Jan-
uary 1, 1873, no cause shall be removed from the
State court to a Federal court unless the applica-
tion for that purpose shall be presented to such
State court before issue is joined.
I move also to strike out the words " at any
time," which appear in the body of the sub-
stitute.
Mr. PETERS. Let me remark to the gen-
tleman from Iowa that the Committee on the
Judiciary have perfected a bill which will
reach the point designed by that amendment.
I hope, therefore, he will withdraw it, as there
will be a bill reported by the Committee on
the J\idiciary which will meet his point.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. POTTER. I hope the gentleman will
let me move an amendment, inserting the
words "whenever any personal action.''
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
insert the words.in the bill "whenever a suit
in personam."
Mr. BINGHAM. I have inserted the same
amendment in the substitute.
Mr. POTTER. I ask leave also to move
the amendment to the original text.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
accepted the amendment, which the gentleman
has indicated.
Mr. POTTER. I propose the following
amendment to the substitute.
The SPEAKER. These amendments are
enteitaiued by general consent.
Mr. POTTER. I move to insert in the
substitute the words " for any act done or
liability incurred under color of his office."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I must
insist on my domandfor the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Iowa will modify his amendment so it will
read "on the first appearance of his action."
Mr. PETERS. 'J'liat will not apply in Wis-
consin and some other States where they have
another code.
Mr. HOLMAN. That was the practice for
fifty years.
Mr. PETERS. It is very annoying where
they have to make application on the very day
summons is served on them.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move my amendment to
the second section. I hope the modification
will be made.
Mr. McCRARY. I do not consent to the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana.
It will interfere with the practice in several
of the States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to the reception of the amendments, and now
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. GOODRICH. Is a motion to lay the
bill upon the table in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GOODRICH. I make that motion,.and
I desire to say a few words 
The SPEAKER. It is not a debatable
motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman
will be allowed to make bis statement.
Objection was made.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
79, noes 57.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I de-
mand the yeas and nays, and in the mean-
time I ask unanimous consent to have the bill
recommitted.
Mr. BINGHAM. If you recommit the bill,
then you do not want the yeas and nays,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I de-
mand the yeas and nays, but in the meantime
ask unanimous consent to recommit the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and the bill will be recommitted, not
to be brought back by a motion to reconsider.
It was so ordered.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD,- of Ohio. I now move
the rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the special order, which
is the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the Chair whether
the morning hour has yet begun?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the House proceeds to the
regular call of the committees will not reports
be in order from the Committee of Claims?
The SPEAKER. They will.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope, then, we will have
the morning hour and go on with reports 'from
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SARGENT. I will state that the mo-
tion to go into committee was made after con-
ference with the chairman of the Committee
of Claims, who informed me he is willing this
call of his committee shall go over until to-
morrow morning.
Mr. HOLMAN. I prefer to go on with the
business in order.
ST. LOUIS PUBLIC BUILDING.
The SPEAKER announced the following
as the managers of-the conference ordered
yesterday on the part of the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 619) appropriating money for the pur-
chase of a suitable site and erecting a building
thereon in the city of St. Louis, Missouri, to
be used for the purposes of a custom-house,
post office, and other Federal offices : Mr.
Garfield of Ohio, Mr. Halsey of New Jersey,
and Mr. Wells of Missouri.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 73) for the relief of Ben-
jamin Yanniman; and
A bill (H. R. No. 437) authorizing the Presi-
dent of the United States to reestablish the
Monroe land district, in the State of Louisiana.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE FUNDS.
Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Education
and Labor the bill (H. R. No. 453) for the
better security of agricultural college funds;
which was recommitted to the same commit-
tee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN C. DAYIS.
On motion of Mr. McKINNEY, by unani-
mous consent, leave was given to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers in the
case of John C. Davis.
LOSSES IN CADET BARRACKS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting an estimate of the
lossesof certain cadets by fire in their barracks,
on the 5th of February, 1871; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio, that the rules be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order.
The question being taken, the motion was
agreed to—ayes 90, noes 32.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special
order, being the bill (H. R. No. 1070) mak-
ing appropriations for the service of the Post
