3442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May M,
for delivering the feed-water is suoh that the boil-
ers cannot be injured thereby • and that such boil-
ers, and the machinery and the appurtenances, may
be safely employed m the service proposed iu the
written application without peril to life; and shall
also satisfy themselves that the safety-valves are of
suitable dimensions, sufficient in number, and well
arranged, one of which may, if necessary, in tlio
opinion of the supervising or local inspectors to
secure safety, be taken wholly from the control of
all persons ensraged in navigating any tuch vessel,
and bo secured by the inspectors; and that the
weights of the safety-valves aro properly adjusted
so as to relieve tbe boiler tit the pressure prescribed
by the inspector's certificate; that there is a suffi-
cient number of frause-coeks properly insorted;
and, to indicate the pressure of steam, reliable and
approved steam-gauges, oneot which is to be placed
in each firc-room and ono in the engine-room, and
which shall at all times be subject to the inspection
of passengers \ and reliable water-gauges and a
suitable steam-whistle; and that fusible metals aro
properly inserted, except on sea-going steamers,so
as to fuse by the heat of the furnace whon the water
in the boilers shall fall below its prescribed limits;
and that adequate and certain provision is made for
an ample supply of water to feed the boilers at all
time-*, whether such vessel is in motion or not, so
that in all boilers tbe water shall not be less than
three inches above the top of the flues; and also
that means of blowing out are provided, so as to, so
iaras practicable, thoroughly remove the mud and
sediment from all parts of the boilers when they
arc under pressure of steam: Provided, however,
That no kind ot instrument, machine, or equipment
for the better security of life, provided for by this
act, shall bo used on any vessel carrying passengers
which, shall not bo approved by the board of super-
vising inspectors, and also by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
third clause of the eleventh section in the
following words:
Thirdly. That in subjecting boilers to the hydro-
static te-its, inspectors shall rate the working power
of all boilers, whether old or new, according to their
strength ; and in all cases the test applied shall ex-
ceed the working allowed in the ratio of ono hun-
dred pounds pressure per squaro inch to seventy-
five pounds per square inch; or tho allowed steam
pressure be three iourihs the number of pounds to
tho square inch on vessels carrying passengers, and
four tilths 011 all other boats, to which tho boilers
shall have been subjected by tho hydrostatic test
and found sufiieient therefor; but should such in-
spectors bo of theopinion that said boiler, by reason
of its construction or material, will not safely allow
so high a working pressure, they may, for reasons to
be stated specially in their certificate, fix thework-
ing pressure of said boiler at less than three fourths
of said teat pressure; and ali boilers used 011 steam
vessels carrying passengers, and constructed of iron
or steel plates, inspected under the provisions of this
act, shall be^ubjicted to a hydrostatic test in the
ratio of one hundred pounds to tho square inch to
seventy-five pounds to the square inch of the work-
ing steam power allowed; and no boiler or pipe, 01*
any ol'the connections therewith, shall be approved
which is made, in whole or in part, of bad material,
or is unsafe in its form, or dangerous from defectivo
workmanship, age, use, or other cause.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Thirdly. That in subjecting to the hydrostatic
tests boilers called and usually known under the
designation of high-pressure boilers, the inspector
shall assume one hundred and ten pounds to the
square inch as the maximum pressure allowable as
a working power for a new boiler forty-two inches
in diameter, made in the best manner, of inspected
iron plates, one fourth of an inch thick, and of a
quality required by law, and shall rate the working
power of all high-pressure boilers, whether old or
new, according to their strength, compared with
this standard, and in all cases the test applied shall
exceed the working power allowed in tne ratio of
one hundred and sixty-live to one hundred and ten;
and in subjecting to the test aforesaid that class
of boilers usually designated and known as low-
pressure boilers, the said inspectors shall allow as a
working power of each new boiler a pressure of only
three iourths tho number of pounds to the square
inch to which it shall have been subjected by the
hydrostatic test, and found to be sufficient therefor;
but should such inspectors be of the opinion that
said boiler, byreason of itsconstruction or material,
will not safely allow so high a working pressure,
they may, for reasons to bo stated specially in their
certificate, fix the working pressure of said boiler at
le?>s than three fourths ot said test pressure ; but all
boilers used on steam vessels, and constructed of
iron or steel plates, inspected under the provisions
of section thirty-six of this act, shall be subjected to
a hydrostatic test, in the ratio of one hundred and
fifty pounds to the square inch to one hundred
pounds to the square inch of the working steam
power allowed; and no boiler or pipe, or any of the
connections therewith, shall be approved which is
made, in whole or in part, of bad material, or is un-
safe in its form, or dangerous from defective work-
manship, age, use, 01* other cause.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the fourth Ql&use
of section eleven, line one hundred and sixty-
eight, to strike out the word " approval" and
insert " disapprovalso as to read:
Fourthly. When the inspection is completed and
the inspectors approve thevessel and her equipment
throughout, they shall make and subscribe a certifi-
cate to the collector or other chief officer of tho cus-
toms of the district in which such inspection is made,
in accordance with such form aaid regulations as tho
board ofsupervisinginspeetovsshall prescribe, which
certificate shall be verified bv the oaths of the in-
spectors signing it before tho chief officer of tho cus-
toms of tho district, or any other person compotent
by law to administer oaths; and in case the said
inspectors refuse to grant a certificate of approval, ;
they shall state in writing, signing tho same, thoir |
reason for such disapproval.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in tho fourth clause
of section eleven, to strike out from lino one
hundred and sixty nine to the end of the clause
in the following words:
And such certificate, when so granted, shall con-
tinue in forco for one year from the dato thereof:
Provided, That the condition, arrangements, and
outfit of such steamer shall not have been tmUciially
changed from that at tho time such certificate was
granted. Whenever such certificate shall bo granted
as aforesaid, it shall, in any and every court, be
prima farte evideneo that each and all tho provis-
ions of this act respecting the building, condition,
parts, equipment, tackle, apparel, furniture, or ap-
purtonanoes of stoam vessols wore complied with at
the timeit was granted, and tho production of such
certificate shall be proof ot'itsown authenticity. If
in anysuit, action, or proceeding, it shall be claimed
tbatupon any vessel there has been any nun-com-
pliance with any provision of this act, as to any
matter last aforosaid, while a certificate of inspec-
tion of such vessel was in force, if tho owner or own-
ers, or any officers of such vessel, shall show that, as
to the matter or matters complained of, tho vessel
remained substantially in tho same condition as
when the certificate was granted, such non-compli-
ance shall not be deemed unseaworthiness or evi-
dence thereof, nor shall the vessel, or owner or own-
ers of tho same, or any part thereof, or any officer
thereof, bo in any manner iiablo for loss, damage,
or injury of or to life, person, or property, for, or on
account of, or aiising liom, or caused by, such non-
compliance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the fourteenth
section, line three, after the word u vessels,"
to strike out the words14 carrying passengers j"
so as to make the clausc read;
That the inspectors shall liconse and classify the
captains, chief mates, engineers, and pilots of all
steam vessols.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was in section sixteen,
line two, to strike out after the word  "steam
vessels" the words u carrying passengers
and in line four, after the word knowledge,"
to insert the word " skillso as to make the
clause read :
That when any person shall apply for authority
to be employed as chief mate of steam vessels, the
inspectors shall require satisfactory evideneo oi his
knowledge, skill,, and experioncoin tho manage-
ment and navigation of steam vessels, and ability to
perform the duties of the station in which he seeks
employment, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eighteen,
linetwenty-five, after the word "license," to
insert the word issued."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
one, line sixteen, before the words " local in-
spectors," to insert the word " the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
three, line ten, after the word "the," to insert
" inspector general and the in line twelve,
after "least." to insert "and," and after
"such," m the same line, to insert the word
"other;" inline thirteen, after the word " re-
quire." to insert the words *'and the Secretary
of the Treasury shall direct;" in line twenly,
after *'effective," to strike out the words 'and
economicalin line twenty-four, after the
word " duties," to insert " any or all of said
rules and regulations shall take effect upon re-
ceiving the official sanction ot the ^ Secretary
of the Treasury in line twenty-nine, before
"unless." to insert the-"words "more than
once in two years;" in line thirty-two, before
" report," to insert "written;" and in line
thirty-eight, before "fitness," to insert "prac-
tical knowledge;" so that the section will
read;
That in order to carry this a-et fully into execution
the ten supervising inspectors now in office shall
continue in commission; and whenever a vacancy
occurs, from death, resignation, or removal, tbe
Presidcntof thoUmkedStates shall, with the advico
and consent of the Senate, fill the vacancy by ap-
pointing a successor, who shall be selected lor his
knowledge, skill, and practical experience in the
uses of steam lY>v navigation, and is a competent
judge of tho ohavacter and qualities of steam ves-
sels, and of all parts of the machinery etnployod in
steaming. Tho inspector general and the said super-
vising inspectors shall assemble together as a board,
01100 m each year at least, and at such other times
and places as tho interests of tho service m y 10-
duire and the Secretary of the Treasury shall diroct,
ior joint consultation, which meetings shall be open
to all interested, and shall assign to each of tho sup-
ervising inspectors, respectively, the limits of ter-
ritory within which he shall perform his duties; and
the said board shall establish all nocessary rules and
rcgulationsroquired to carry out in the most effect vve
manner theprovisioosof this act lor the safety ot life,
also rules and regulations tor their own government
and that of tho several boards of local inspectors in
the performance of their official duties; any or all
of said rules and regulations shall tako effect upon
-it.. . Jl. .. ,.i itf I Uu
shall not be undor obligation to attend the meetings
ot the board tuoio than once 111 two ycais unless the
exigencies of tho scrvico require it; and when he
does not attend such meetings, he shall make his
communications thereto, in the way of a written
report, in buoh manner as the board shall prescribe.
The supervising inspector general now in ofhee shall
continue in commission, and whenever a vacancy
hhu.ll occur fioiu death, resignation, or removal, the
President of tho United States shall, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, fill the vacancy
by appointing a successor, who shall be selected with
reference to his practical knowledge, fitoo^, and
ability to systematize and carry into effect all the
provisions of law relating to the steamboat inspec-
tion seivieo, whose duty it shall be, umlei tho direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, to superintend
the administration of thesteamboat inspection laws,
preside at the meetings of tho board of supervising
inspectors, receive all reports ot inspectors, and
receive and examine all accounts of such officers,
report fully at stated periods to the Secretory ot the
Treasury upon all matters pertaining to his official
duties, and produce a correct and unilorm adminis-
tration of the inspection laws, rules, and regula-
tions; and the said supervising inspector senenil
shall be paid for his services at the rate of $-3,oOU
per annum, and his actual and necessary traveling
expenses, not to exceed ten cents per mile, incurred
in the discharge of his official duties, to be allowed by
the propor accounting officer upon proper vouchers
and verified by oath.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tbe Chair
would suggest, in order to facdittitc tbe read-
ing of the bill, as Senators have printed copies
of it before them, that only those sections to
which amendments are proposed be read. If
there be no objection that course will be. pur-
sued. The Uhair hears 110 objection, and the
Secretary will so road the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was in section twenty-nix, line
seven, after the word "boards,'] to insert tho
words " as far as practicable ;'J so that the
section will read:
Sue. 26. That it shall bo the duty of such super-
vising inspectors to see that the said several boaids
within their respective districts execute tut'ir duties
faithfully, promptly, and, as far as possible, uui-
formly in ali places, by following out the provi.noua
of this act according to the true intent and moiinmij
thereof; and they shall harmouuso dillereucis ot
opinion when they exist.in d.flercnt local board!- as
tar as practicable. And the said local bo.uds shall
uniformly carry out faithlully the rule-f and lobula-
tions ot the supervising board ol inspectors, except
tho same be in contravention ot the provisions ot this
act, in which case the local board shall appeal
through the supervising inspector general to the
Secretary of tllo Treasury to have such rule re-
scinded: and the decision of the becretury shall bo
final and binding upon both the supervising inspect-
ors and the local boards*.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion twenty-nine, in tlie following words:
Sec. 29. That all coasting, steam, and sail vessels,
and all such vessels uaviitatiiiK lakes, bays. . ci°.
inlets, sounds, and b arbors, other than the w.i.us
flowing into the Gulf of Mexico, ot tor " £
shall, when meeting and passing each otlur, coui > y
with the following directory rules already estao
