1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4839
mate for this as being necessary to ful61l a
treaty obligation. I hold in my hand that
"estimate of appropriation required to restore
to the Creek orphans of 1832 certain funds to
which they are entitled under the provisions
of the treaty with the Oreek nation of March
24, 1832, and illegally invested in stocks and
diverted to other purposes," and that estimate
of the Department is sustained by an elab
orate opinion of the Attorney General. I do
not intend to go into the merits now on a ques-
. tion of order. I am only suggesting, on the
point of orcer, that it is clearly an estimate
of the Department, whether erroneous or not
I do not now pretend to say.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Kentucky
is mistaken in supposing that he has any opin-
ion of the Attorney General in support of this
claim. He has an opinion of a person who
[lasses for a law officer in the Interior Depart-
ment, who is what is called an Assistant At-
torney General; but 1 would risk considerable,
if this were a day of risks, that he will never
get an opinion from the Attorney General, of
the United States, or the Solicitor General in
favor of the justice of this claim ; and I think
1 can convince my friend on the face of this
manuscript from the attorney in the Interior
Department himself that the whole opinion is
entirely erroneous, is almost a felo de se; but
that is not the point.
The Senator now says be thinks he has con-
vinced the Chair that the amendment is in
pursuance of an estimate of the head of a
Department. I admit it for the sake of the
argument; but that does not save his case,
because the rule declares that no amendment
the object of which is to provide for a private
claim shall be entertained on an appropriation
bill unless it is to carry out the provisions of
an existing law or a treaty stipulation. The
estimate of a head of a Department does not
help at all on that point. The heads of De-
partments cannot force us to determine on ap-
propriation billsthe propriety of private claims
upon the Government, so that we come back
to ihe question whether this is in pursuance of
treaty stipulation.
The honorable Senator refers, and correctly,
to the treaty of 1832 as being the supposed
basis for this; but, sir, the treaty of 1866 which
1 hold in my hand in express terms is a con-
donation and extinguishmentofall prior treaties
and rights between the United States and these
Creeks except those that are reserved and set
up ill the treaty of 1866, and I defy any man to
maintain on the treaty of 1866 that there is
any provision for this fund for Creek orphans,
but exactly the reverse. There was an arti-
cle in the treaty of 1866 which provided for
this thing, and the Senate of the United
States, as this book which I hold in my hand
shows, struck out the article.
It was the sixth article of the treaty that
provided for this fund, and the Senate would
not permit it to stay in the treaty. So that
instead of this amendment being to carry out
a treaty stipulation, it is actually in the face
of the treaty of 1866. 1 will read that section
of the treaty if I am not occupying too much
of the time of the Senate. It is found in the
fourteenth volume of the Statutes-at-Large,
pages 785,786. I will come to that part which
may bear on this question, and I ask the
attention of the Chair to it because it conclu-
sively determines as I think this quesliou :
"Article VI. Inasmuch as the bonds, or a portion
thereof"—
I am reading from the sixth article of the
treaty of 1866, which is later than the treaty
of 1832, and as I say is an express extinguish-
ment of everything that this treaty does not
preserve:
"Article VI. Inasmuch as the bonds, or a portion
thereof, in which the Creek orphan fund has been
heretofore invested, from certain causes have largely
depreciated in value, and are lor the purposes tor
which said fund was set aside unproductive, it is
hereby further stipulated that such of( the bonds
now held by the Secretary of the Interior, m trust
for the orphans of the Creek nation, as no ay be neces-
sary to establish a manual-labor school lor the irn-
proveraeiU and education of the orphan children
of said nation, shall be disposed of. and the avails
thereof used for that purpose, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior. The residue of
said fund shall be retained in the Treasury oi the
United States, upon which interest at the rate of
five per cent, shall annually be paid for the main-
tenance and support of said school."
Now, Mr. President, if that article were a
part of the treaty of 1860, this amendment
would be to carry out a treaty stipulation, be-
cause that is just what the article provides for.
Now, let us see what the Senate and the Indians
agreed to:
"Amendments.
"3. Strike out all of article six."
Then follows a statement that the Indians
agreed to that amendment. Now, where is this
Creek orphan fund, I should like to know?
Mr. STEVENSON. There is but one ques-
tion between the Senator and myself. He
rises to a point of order. I say his point is
badly taken. This amendment i3 offered
under the thirtieth rule, to which I call the
attention of ihe Senator from Vermont;
"No amendment proposing: additional appropria-
tions shall be received to any general appropriation
bill, unless it be made to carry out the provisions of'
souie existing law, or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate daring that session, or
moved by direction of a standing or select committee
of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from
the head of some of the Departments."
Now, I say the point of order is badly taken
for two reasons: first, this is the unanimous
recommendation of a standing committee of
this body, the Committee on Indian Affairs;
secondly, it is the estimate of a Department;
whether properly made or not we can determ
ine when the question of order is settled and
we come to the discussion of the amendment.
I differ with the honorable Senator as to the
construction of that treaty. I agree on that
subject with the Assistant Attorney General
and with the Department. The Committee
on Indian Affairs, who investigated this subject
seriatim by three of the members of the com-
mittee, also disagreed to that construction.
But that relates to the merits of the proposi-
tion, which will come up when the amend-
ment is before the Senate. The only question
of fact between the Senator and myself is, was
there an estimate made for this appropriation.
If there was—whether properly or improperly
does not come up oil this question of order—
then thH amendment is in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator misunder-
stands me, or else we misunderstand each
other very much.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understood the ques-
tion of order to be that this was a private claim,
and therefore out of order as an amendment
to an appropriation bill. I say it is not a pri-
vate bill. I say the amendment is in order.
It is estimated lor by the Department, is rec-
ommended by a committee. How could it
be a private bill if it is estimated for under a
treaty, whether erroneously or not does not
enter into this question of the point of order.
I admit what the honorable Senator says, that
we are not bound to put it on this appropria-
tion bill even though the Department and the
Attorney General and every member of the
Cabinet should recommend it. It is a power
within our discretion to reject or to admit it.
The simple question is whether, when a De-
partment estimates under a treaty for ascertain
sum of money, and a standing committee of
the Senate recommends that estimate and re-
ports it as an amendment to an appropriation
bill, the Senate will consider it,, or whether
the Chair on a point of order will exclude it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion of order depends entirely upon whether
this amendment is offered under the provisions
of a treaty—a question of fact.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to say a word on
that point. This fund originates under a treaty
made a long time ago, setting apart the pro-
ceeds of the sale of certain lands for certain
orphans of the Creek nation. Those lands
were sold and the money invested; but the in-
terest was not paid over from time to time as
the treaty provided, and this amendment pro-
poses that an appropriation shall now be made
to pay the intereston those funds. If this is not
a public item, 1 do not think there can beany.
The money itself was derived from the sale of
lands in pursuance of the provisions of a
treaty between the United States and these
Creeks. The money was invested and held by
the United States as trustees for these orphan
children, and the interest has not been paid
them, and this amendment proposes to pay
them. t
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will submit tbe question to the Senate.
Mr. COLE. A question that might have
arisen a number of years ago was, whether
the United States was to guaranty the pay-
ment of interest that would have fallen due 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will state his question of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought we were going
to try to get through with this bill to-day ; and
my point is that a question of order is not
debatable; it is to be decided by tbe Chair
wiihout debate, and we cannot have this dis-
cussion in advance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has submitted the question to the Senate.
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. I was not aware of
that.
Mr. COLE. I shall be as brief as possible,
knowing the value of time as well as anybody
can. A question which might have arisen
some time ago was whether the United Slates
was to guaranty the payment of interest due
011 bonds of certain States, Tennessee and
Virginia, I believe, which they had failed to
pay. The funds of the Indians, a good many
years ago, as 1 understand, were invested in
those bonds by the President of the United
States. I think so far back as 1841, and since
that time, there has been a failure to pay the
interest on those bonds. I think the Govern-
ment is no more liable than it would be to
make good a building which had been fur-
nished the Indians, but which afterward had
unfortunately been burned. I do not think
we occupy the position of guarantor in such
a case. But as stated by my colleague on the
committee, the Senator from Vermont, this
has been superseded by subsequent treaties.
This claim goes away back to a treaty made in
1832, and is based upon proceedings in 1837
and 1841, but we have had several treaties
with these Indians since, and I believe fully
taking care of and disposing of these old
claims.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia is mistaken in his facts. He has not
investigated this subject perhaps as closely as
he usually does appropriations, for the reason
that this proposition was offered at a late day.
This claim arose out of the treaty of 1832, by
which these orphans were allowed to select
twenty sections of land which the President
of the United States was authorized to sell and
invest the proceeds of for their benefit. Tbe
body of the Creek nation received their pay, but
an individual specified class of orphans existing
at that period who were not provided for 111
general, and whose fathers and mothers were
dead, were authorized to select these twenty
sections, and the President of tbe United States
was authorized to sell those sections and to
invest the proceeds for their benefit. The
President of the United Slates did sell those
twenty sections of land belonging to the wards
of the United States, Indian orphans, without
fathers or mothers, and who could look only
for the protection of their rights to the United
States. That land was sold by the President,
and the proceeds invested. The investments
were changed. The last investment was made
after 1841, when an act of the United States
