1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2547
An ordinance granting the waters of North Mill
Creek canon, and (ho water* of the next canon jj
north, to Ilober 0. Kimbu.ll. j1
section 1. Be it ordained by the General Assembly of
the Sta'e of Vesei'et, That Ileber 0. Ivimb&il have the
excluMve puvilygeof conveying tho waters of North
Mill Creek o,;m<m and the waters of thoenn^n next
north, to wit, about half a mile distant, to some
convenient point below themouth ofihe twocanons,
ami of appropriating the same to the use of a saw-
nt>il, grisr-mil!, and other machinery.
Sec 2. Nothing herein contained shall prevent
the wateib akuo-jud fnun being uded, whenever and
wherever it is necess;u-y, lor ini^atmg.
Approved January 9, 1851.
An act granting waters of Mill creek unto Presi-
dent Brighaiu Vouiut.
Be it enacted by th" (jovmior and Lnu'^lutioe :
sembly of thf Territory ot Ut-ih, That the prmltsfe is >
horeby granted unto President Brigh-mi Youns to 1
take the waters frotn tii^ channel of Mill creek iin- j
mediately below Ncff's mill, and convey tho same '
to tho channel of B.g Cafion creek, agreeably to tho
provisions of the act passed in the Genora! Assem-
bly of the Si.ite of Deserot. January 13, ISoO.
Approved February 5, 1852.
An act gra nf in# unto Briwhnm Youvuj, pr,, and "Frank-
lin I). Ri'-h:u<K the contiol of waters from Mill
creek, in Gt eat Salt Lake county.
Be it enacted by ihe Governor <uid Legislative As-
sembly ot the Terruoiy of Uttth, Ttiai all the lights
and p.ivilegcs. contempl ited in "An act granting
th«-1 C'lnffol ot w.-fers frotn MiH crciek, in Great Salt
I< ke county, unto WiMard Ricliauls." appioved
Fcbiuaiy 3. 1'352, be, and hereby ur^, scrautedunto
Brigiiain Young, sr., and Franklin D. Richards.
Approved January 14,1857.
Thpy !mve monopolized the timber on the
public do'n--iitt. Ilore h an ordinance in rela-
tion to timber in the mountains west of Jor-
dan :
" Section*. 1. Be it ordained by the General A zseh>bly
of th" Stutr of Dcserrt, Tnai the exclusive control of
tho tmibei in the canons on the e.iot bide of the range
or mouijfains west of Jordan, in Great Lake
county, hereby granted to George A. Smith, who
is herebv authorized to control tho umbei in said
Cfsnons, to work roads info them, and to direct when,
whore, and by whom timber may be taken out there-
from."
Thev have even ventured to grant the pub-
lic lands to corporations and privileged per-
sons. Here is an act incorporating Cotton-
wood Caual Company :
''Sec. 5. The company shall have the privilege of
land claims along the line of said canal, upon the
e.iHside, one mile m width, and on the west side
one half mile in width, except legal claims therein
now existing; and may sell, transfer, and dispose
of the same to aid them in tho construction of
kaid canal. They may receive payment from those
already holding land claims for whatever benefit
they may receive by the canal passing through or
by their claims."
They also control public roads, and now
they propose to monopolize railroad routes.
hi these statutes of Utah Territory [ find
the act alluded to by the gentleman from
Montana, [Mr. Clagett.] by which it is
made a penal offense for any person to quote
in a court in Utah any law-book or authority
other than the laws of Ulah. Here is a great
overshadowing system of monopolies protected
by penal statutes ; and now when people who
do not happen to live there and to belong to that
hierarchy ask the right to build a railroad, not
in this Territory alone, but through this Terri-
tory and the adjoining Territory; when they
want to take capital there, and make an outlet
from one great Pacific railroad to the other
through two great ierritories, we are met by
this hierarchy, who having built a few miles
oi road say that nobody else shall build an-
other road running in the same dnection.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Have I said any-
thing of that kind?
ilr. STEVENSON. The committee have
agreed that this bill shall not affect the right,
whatever it may be, of the Mormon company,
which has already built a short line, intended
to anticipate this. We have agreed not to
inteifere with that company, not to touch its
ri hls in any way. We agree to keep our
hands off them ; why can they not keep their
hands off other people? I do not propose to
interfere in Utah. £ would not touch in un-
kindness "a hair on the crown of the head"
of the gentleman from Utah. [Laughter.] I
do not. propose to interfere with his peculiar
institutions. If lie wants a hundred wives, I
do not envy him the luxury ; one is enough for
me! [Laughter.] I do not now propose to
interfere with any of those matters; but 1 do
say, in tho name of the people of this Union,
that while we do not interfere with Utah,
Utah shall not interfere with us. She should
understand that she is within the Union and
subject to our laws, and that she cannot obstruct
or impede the progress and development of the
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
i air. H00PKIL of Utah. Before the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] takes
i his seat 1 would like to ask whether he does
! not 
i The SPEAKER. The time of the gcntle-
! man from Ohio has expired.
! Mr. STEVENSON. I hope unanimous
! consent will be given to admit the amend-
j nient of the gentleman from Ulah in regard
lo ilie canons. 1 think it ought to be adopted.
1 Mr. 1) UN NELL. I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. If there he no objection,
the amendment of the gentleman from Utah
[Mr. Hoopek] will be considered as agreed to.
Mr. McCQRMICK, of .Missouri. 1 ask that
the amendment be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
After tho word " embankment," in line eleven of
section four, insert the following:
Provided, That the rights herein gran tod shall not
preclude the construction of other roads through
any c.moii, detilc. or pass on said road.
There being no objection, the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. DUN NELL. I move to amend by
adding to section five the following:
Prodded, That said company shall complete
twenty-five miles ot said road within one year alter
thy passage of this act.
By this amendment we propose to show
that we are acting in good faith, and are will-
ing to aoccplany reasonable amendment which
even the gentleman from Utah may present.
The SPEAKER. Does thegentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Ddnkki.l] yield for further
amendment.
Mr. DUNNELL. I do not.
The SPEAKER. The amendment just
offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will,
if there be no objection, be considered as
agreed to.
'There was no objection; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask leave to submit an
amendment in justice to the States hereafter
to be formed out of the region of country
through which this road is to pass. My amend-
ment proposes to insert in the bill the follow-
ing:
That Congress expressly reserves the right to alter
or amend this act, and impose anyrestraints or lim-
itations on the said company, and to regulate the
cost of transportation of persons and freight over
the same; and tho States hereafter formed, and within
which any part of said lailroad shuli he ultimately
situated, shall possess the like powers to regulate
transportation over said road herein reserved to
Congress, or to such part of said road lying within
sueh State.
Mr. DUNNELL. Let me say to the gentle-
man that that is now in the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The last clause?
Mr. DUNNELL. The first part is now in
the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The last clause is the most
important part, for it secures to the Slates
which may hereafter be erected out of these
Territories the powers which they ought to
have.
Mr. DUNNELL. I have yielded to aH the
amendments we can allow. I do not yield
further.
The question being taken on ordering the
bill as amended to be engrossed for a third
reading, there were—ayes 71, noes 55.
So the bill, being engrossed, waa read a
third time.
The question then recurred on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. DUNNELL. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. 00X. 1 move that the bill be laid on
the table.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Cox. there were—ayes 54, noes 72.
Mr. COX. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; audit was decided
in the negative—yeas 63, nays 105, not voting
72; as follows:
YJCAS — Messrs. Acker, Adams. Archer, Arthur.
Beck, Bell, Bnd, Braxton, Jsmies Brook«. Bufiint.on,
Cox, Crossland, Davis, !>ox, Du B-sse, Duke, Ely,
Foiker, (jh'tz, Urithth, Uuldeinan, Hancock, Hanks,
John T. liarri>, Herctord, Uibbard, Holman, Kerr,
Kilingnr, King, Lamison. Lewis, Manson, Marshall,
McClelland, Mclntyio, Mernur, Menick Moigin,
Niblaek. Rosea. W. Parker, Potter, Randall, Head,
Edward Y. llice, John M. Rioe, Wdha.in It. ltobei Is,
Scolield, Sherwood, Sfocum, K. Milton Spoor, Ste-
vens Sloim, Strong, Swann, Tatfo. Terry, Bwight
Townscnd, Van Trump, Warren, Whittlloine, "Wood,
and Young—G:>.
NAYS — Mcs.-rs. Avcill, Barber. Barrv, Bent.v,
Bevondgo, Blgby, Austin Blau. Boles, George M,
lirooks, Buckley, Bmehard. Burden, Roderick R.
Butler, Freeman Clarke. Cobum, Oogliian, Conger,
Conner, Cot km, Ciookcr, Darrall, T>e Lai ge, Bickoy,
Jjonnan, Ihtnncll, Kone^, Klliott, Farnsworth Fmk-
elnhurg. Wilder 1). Foster, Frye, (Airfield, Oairett,
Hale, Halsey.iiambleton, Handier, Harper, 11;l\ ens,
ifuy, li.iys, Gerry W. JlazeKon, John W. H .zelton,
lfeindoli, tloar, Ilooper, Kelley, Kendall. Kctehain,
3jainporr, Lansing, Lowe, M tynard, McConnick, Mc-
Crary, McJunkin, McKee, Morriam, Moore, Moiey,
Leon.ud .M\cu-s Oil', Packard, INfikcr, Peck, Pen-
dleton. l'erce, Aaron F. Pei ry, Eli t'eiry, Pcteis,
Poland. Prindle, Ritchie. .Ellis If. Koberts, Rogers,
Rujik, Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley, SeMions, Shiulks,
Sheldon, Snoemaker, Sla.ter, felos.s, John A. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stougnton, Sutherland, Wash-
ington 'l'ovvnscnd, Tu. nor, Twicheli, Tyner, Wake-
ninn, Waidcn, allace. Wells, Willarii, Williams of
Indiana, and .Toreunah -M. \Vil.vii!—JU.'i.
NOT V0 L'INU — JMuiii!'. Ambler, Ames, Banks,
Barnum, Bigg-., Bingham, .Tames G. Blair. Blight,
Benjamin F1. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll,
William 1'. Clark. Cobb, Coniingo. Ciobs, Cicely,
Ci iteher, D.lwc^, Dueli, Eldioilge, F irwell, (Jliarles
Foster, Ucnry li. Foster, Cofladay, Goodrich, Har-
mer, Geoige Fj. Harris, ll.iwloy, Hill, liougliton,
Kellogg. Kinsella, Loach, Lvucb, MeGrew ,Mc-
fienry, MelCmncy, MeNcely, Be.ijnmiu F. Meyers,
Modioli, Monroe, Morphis, Negley, Palnici, Isaac
C. Pinker, PJatt, Porter, Plicc. Kinney, ltr.liinson.
Roo^evell, Sbelhibargel, Shobei, If. Boiuduiilil
Smith. Wortlnngton C. Smith, Siowell, St. .John,
Sypher, Thomas. Tuthilt, Upson, Vaugh.in, Voor-
hecs, "Wllddell, Waldion, Wails, Wheeler, White-
ley, Williams of New York, John T. Wilson and
Winchester—82.
So the House refused to lay the bill, as
amended, on the table.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. DUNNELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed: and a'lso
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
B.NKOLLED BILLS S1G.NBD.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined ami found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1638) to create the Link-
ton land district in the Slate of Oregon ; and
An act ijl. 11. No. 225o) for the relief of
Cathrori & Muguiie, bnnkeis and brokers, of
the city of Rome, (ieorgia.
1Nt)I \N A t'ONMS fHU-r'-LKCTlON CASK.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I gave
notice day before yesterday that 1 would to-day
call up the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions m the c uitcsted-election ease of Good-
ing against Wiiso". from the f'oiiuh congres-
sional district of the State of Indiana. Tha
time has now so far passed that wo are pie-
eluded iiom considering it to-day, espec-'aliy
as the special order on the civil seivice leiorm
holds possession of the floor at two o'clock,
and 1 now give notice that on Monday next
after the morning hour f shall move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of taking up
mid Considering the lesoiution reported ironi
the Committee of Elections in that contested-
election ease.
