2548
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 184
japan and china steamship services.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House concurrent resolution
of the State of California, in relation to ocean
mail steamship services between San Fran-
cisco and Japan and China; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
new haven harbor light-house.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a res
olution of the House of March 20, 1872, in
relation to removing the light at New Haven
harbor, Connecticut, to Southwest Ledge;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
disabled foreign seamen.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a bill
to regulate marine hospital charges for sick
and disabled foreign seamen; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
pay op professors at military acadhmy.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the pay of
professors at West Point Military Academy;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
jesse e. peyton.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
seut, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the claim of
Jesse E. Peyton, for rent, damages, &c.;
which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
w 0. elliott.
On motion of Mr. CONGER, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
W. G. Elliott.
transit of venus.
Mr. GAllliTELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that the bill (S. No. 963) mak-
ing fui appropriation for instruments to be
used m observations upon the transit, of Venus,
in 1874, be taken from tile Speaker's table,
wiih u view to its being referred to the Com-
mit! ee on Appropriations.
There was no objection ; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
printing op immigration report.
Mr. SHELDON. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Commerce,
for present action, the following resolution :
ttc olvedt That the Committee on Printing bo in-
structed to inquire into tho propriety of publishing
five thousand copies of the report on immigration
in tho IjVeuch language.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I object.
aerial telegraph company,
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Com-
merce the bill (H. R. No. 772) incorporating
the Loom is Aerial Telegraph Company, and
to move that the Committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that
it be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia, to whose business to-morrow
after ihe hour of two o'clock is assigned. This
is a District of Columbia bill, and properly
belongs to that, committee.
Mr. POTTER. I object.
Mr. CONGER. 1 hope the gentleman will
not iusist on the objection.
Mr. POTTER. In consequence of the rep-
resentations of my friend from Indiana on my
left, [Mr. Holman,] I withdraw the objection.
There was no further objection; and the
Committee on Commerce was discharged from
the further consideration of the bill, and it
was referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
declaratory act.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2329)
declaring the true intent and meaning of a
statute ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
civil service.
The SPEAKER. The hour of two o'clock
having arrived, the House resumes the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 787) to pre-
serve the independence of the several depart-
ments of the Government, upon which the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmau] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Duke] to offer an amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. DUKE. I otfer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the third section.
The Clerk read as follows:
That it shall be unlawful for any person whatever,
directly or indirectly, to recommend or advise the
President of the United States, or any head of any
Department or bureau of the Government, to ap-
point any person to or remove any person from office
unless such recommendation or advioc shall be in
writing, and every such writing shall be filed and
preserved in tho proper Departments subject to
inspection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman
from California [Mr. Coqhlan] for the same
purpose.
Mr. COGHLAN. I offer the following
amendment, as an additional section to the
bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. —. That the terms of all civil offices which
have been or may be filled by appointment by the
President of the United States, or by the heads of
Departments, or by persons appointed by either of
them, except as hereinafter provided, shall termin-
ate on tho 30th day of April, 1873; and the terms of
all offices not hereinafter excepted shall, after the
last-named date, terminate on the 30th day of April
of every fourth year thereafter: frovided, That this
act shall not apply to the heads of Departments,
Assistant Secretaries of Departments, Assistant
Attorneys General, and First Assistant Postmaster
Gonora), Solicitor General, Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, naval solicitor, solicitor of internal revenue,
examiner of claims in the State Department, Treas-
urer of the United States. Register of the Treasury,
First and Second Comptrollers of tho Treasury,
judges of the United States courts, district attor-
neys, Pnvate Secretary of the President, embassa-
dors and other public ministers. Superintendent of
the Coast Survey, Director of the Slint, Governors
ot Territories, special commissioners, special coun-
sel, visiting and examining boards, persons appointed
to positions without compensation for services, and
persons in the employ of tho "War or Navy Depart-
ment.
The SPEAKER. These amendments are
being offered by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose there is no objec-
tion to their being considered pending.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman
from New.Jersey [Mr. Bikd] ten minutes.
Mr. BIRD. As I intend to record my vote
against this bill, I desire to give my reasons
for so doing. The first section provides—■
That hereafter it shall be unlawful for any mem-
ber of cither House of Congress, or Delegate from a
Territory, verbally or in writing, directly or indi-
rectly, or by any agent or third person, to solicit or
recommend, or advise the President of the United
States, or any head of a Department, or of any
bureau thereof, or any official who has by lawpower
to nominate or appoint to positions in the civil ser-
vice of the United States, to nominate or appoint,
or to refuse to nominate or appoint, any person to
or to remove any person from office or employment
in the civil service, except as hereinafter provided
The inference from reading this section is
that members of Congress are incotnpeient
or dishonest, and therefore not in any sense
qualified to participate in the duties and obli-
gations which necessarily arise in the admin-
istration of a Government like ours. For one,
it seems to me that every individual who sup-
ports this measure to some extent thereby im-
plies his own stultification. It is a confession
of unfitness to fill an exalted and distinguished
public position. It implies dishonesty. No
individual desiring the welfare of the Govern-
ment, no individual desiring to advance the
interests of his constituents, no individual de-
siring to preserve the integrity and purity of
the service, would for a moment say that the
requirements of the public service make it
necessary to enact a measure of this kind. By
so doing he says that he himself is not qualified
to participate in this work ; by so doing he
makes it apparent to all the world that he
himself is not capacitated, morally or intel-
lectually, for any public trust. Iain impressed
with the conviction that a vote for this bill is
an admission of inability to resist the wrong or
to stand for the right.
It will not do to say that an immense amount
of moral pressure is brought to bear upon a
member of Congress. If he be not qualified
to resist that moral pressure, then he is not
qualified for the position in which his constit-
uents have placed him. With the President,
and with the various heads of bureaus, and
with the intelligence that this House is sup-
posed to possess, it does seem to me perfectly
competent that such an administration of civil
affairs ought to be had and can be had as will
protect us from fraud, corruption, peculation,
and all sorts of malfeasances in the public ser-
vice. Is any gentleman willing to acknowledge
by his vote in supporting a bill of this char-
acter that he is not to be trusted in the public
service? For it comes to that, and we cannot
stop short of it.
Sir, when these men betray the Government's
confidence by a surrender of the highest tiust
known to the world, we should do as did the
ancient Jews with Aehen. They took him with
his family and effects into the valley of Achor,
and consigned them to eternal and evetlasiing
infamy and reproach. Let the President of the
United States, lettheheadsof bureaus, letevery
individual in position of tnist when he finds
his fellow in fault consign him to that infamy
and disgrace. The civil service cannot be re-
formed by law, but by the growing morality
among the people. I insist upon it that until
the public heart is right and the judgment
controlled by proper moral convictions no
reformation can take place. Laws do not
change individuals; laws do not reform the
public service ; laws do not drive away pecula-
tors and public plunderers. Laws are, indeed,
but stepping-stones forrascals, peculators, and
thieves throughout the country. The public
thief and the public plunderer are the most
intelligent men in the land. They are the
very men who could submit to a satisfactory
examination. I say they have the very moral
force, of a certain sort, which will sustain
them under a law such as is proposed by this
bill and other propositions before the House ;
but unless you meet them with the lull foi-ce
of a higher and nobler moral restraint, visit-
ing them, whenever their iniquities are dis
covered, with universal reprobation and con
demnation, and to this great end making
every individual at the head of a bureau, at
the head of a Department, and especially at
the head of the Government itself, responsible
in tire severest sense for the conduct of these
thieves and peculators and rogues—I say
unless you do this, roguery, rascality, and
plunder will continue.
Mr. Speaker, as there are often found
deserters in an army, so there will be pil-
ferers, plunderers, and robbers in the public
service, without the very highest sense of re-
sponsibility on the part of the appointing
power, and even then perhaps at times ; but,
sir, you will never attain to the very highest
degree of perfection in the civil service until
you deal with delinquents as the leaders of
armies do with deserters. Let them be. on
proot of thecharge, shot dejd or hung. Nothing
short of political death to all such will save
us from the danger to which we now seem to
be so rapidly hastening. And, sir, where this
manifestly is neglected through the weakness
