1652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March' 13,
and until that shall be denied nothing is said
•which is legitimate in reference to the subject
of a trust.
It is said that a subsidy of this nature is the
taking of money from the Treasury, or from
the pockets of the people, to pay over to indi-
viduals or to corporations. The same might
be said, and the same would be true, of all
Government expenditures whatsoever. When
that has been said, nothing has been said legit-
imate to this debate. It neither advances the
debate one step nor throws light upon it.
The question in all such cases is whether
the Government obtains an adequate benefit,
return, or service for the money which has
been paid. The question in this case is-pre-
cisely that whether in paying this subsidy the
Government will obtain an adequate return,
service, or benefit; and no light is thrown
upon it by dwelling upon the subject of taxa-
tion or the subject of trust.
This appropriation has passed, as I under-
stand, the examination of a responsible com-
mittee, which expresses its opinion that the
payment of this money would advance the
general purposes of the Government and pro-
duce more than an adequate return. . From
the statements of other gentlemen acquainted
with this subject generally, statements which
seem to be reasonable and credible, I am
willing to vote for this appropriation. We all
know that as one of the incomputable mis-
chiefs of the miserable war through which this
country has passed we came out of it shorn
of our maritime power. On the seas our rela-
tive strength has been lost. This loss is not
merely measured by a money standard; but
it is the loss of prestige, of power, of position
in the society of nations.
Now, if our information is correct, and if
by this appropriation we can gain the lead in
the navigation and commerce of the Pacific
seas, we shall have gained an advantage far
beyond any thing which can be measured by
a pecuniary standard. I shall add nothing to
the statements which have been made in regard
to the commercial advantages we may ex-
pect from this measure; but it is obvious that
if we can gain the lead of that commerce, the
commercial advantages must be far-reaching
and immeasurable. But beyond that, it is
opening up those grand old nations of the
East; it is bringing the learning and the
arts of those mighty nations into commu-
nication with the whole social structure of
the western nations. We bring them at once
within the social circle of the law of nations,
and by their consent and agreement they will
come under an enlightened system of juris-
prudence. The thing is almost inconceivable
in its magnificent results. If we can accom-
plish it, those results must follow. How can
we hesitate to achieve such results by a small
appropriation?
i have but one word to add. It is said that
this is an "entering-wedge." If it is an "en-
tering-wedge" to good things, I am willing to
drive it home, and to put in more " entering-
wedges" of the same kind. An "entering-
wedge" is not necessarily a bad thing. My
support of this amendment commits me to
vote for no other measure. It commits me to
nothing. Voting for one subsidy does not
oblige me to vote for another. But I am free
to say that for one I am anxious to do what I
may in order that our flag shall show itself
upon all the seas, and that all the highways
of ocean commerce shall be illuminated by
its constellations.
Mr. COBURN. I withdraw my amend-
ment in order that the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Crbbs] may renew it.
Mr. CREBS. I renew the amendment, and
ask that it may be again read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out of the amendment $1,000,000 and insert
8500,000; strike out also the subseauent part of the
amendment and insert the following:
The proprietors of the line of steamship service
aforesaid shall be authorized to purchase in foreign
countries iron ocean steamers of not less than two
thousand tons burden, sufficient to supply a bi-
monthly or weekly service in each direction: and
such vessels shall be allowed American registry.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
that that is new legislation ; that it changes
existing laws.
Mr. HOLMAN. It presents the same point
presented yesterday-—-
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will direct
tto amendment to be again read for the in-
formation of the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the Chair hear a sug-
gestion on the point of order? This is but an
increase of subsidy 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana will please suspend his remarks till
the amendment has been read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit, Mr. Chairman,
that this is a simple increase of subsidy. If
my colleague will add the words "in further
aid of said subsidy," the proposition will be
clear enough that this is simply a subsidy addi-
tional to the $500,000 provided for in the bill,
and presents in a different form the proposi-
tion adopted yesterday.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the Chair allow
me to make a suggestion ?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Theamendment of
the gentleman from Michigan provides for
ships, American-built ships; and that was
declared to be in order. Now it seems to me
that a substitute which provides they may be
foreign-built ships is also in order.
Mr. SARGENT. My point is that it changes
existing law, becausc if we provide they may
be foreign-built ships, then we shall have to
change the law so that these foreign-built
ships may be registered. This, therefore, is
not in order, because it changes the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
think the point of order well taken. He rules
that the first part is in order, but that the other
part is not, as it is not germane.
Mr. SARGENT. I make the pointof order
as to the first part. This provides the appro-
priation shall be $500,000. The pending
amendment increases the appropriation to
§1,000,000, and this proposition proposes to
go back again to $500,000.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the sameproposi-
tiou as in the bill.
Mr. COBURN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and I ask the Clerk to read the
amendment of the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Congee.]
Mr. PETERS. I object to debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate to a limited
extent is in order on an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. COBURN. I wish to have theamend-
ment read which was offered yesterday by the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Conger.]
The Clerk read as follows:
On page 5, line seven, after the word "China,"
strike out "$500,000" and insert "$1,000,000: Pro-
vided, The steamship company shali perform said
service semi-monthly in ships of American con-
struction."
Mr. DAWES. That does not change any
existing law.
Mr. COBURN. There is no law requiring
it to be done.
Mr. DAWES. There is no law which for-
bids it.
Mr. COBURN. You require by law that
American ships shall be built. I ask where
the law is making that requirement?
Mr. DAWES. It does not conflict with the
law, while the amendment the gentleman offers
does conflict with the law.
Mr. COBURN. There is nolaw for it, and
we have no right to inaugurate new legislation
in appropriation bills.
Mr. DAWES. It does not conflict with any
law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that it is clearly new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
that part of the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana relative to the purchase of for-
eign-built ships is not germane to the pending
proposition. He rules out the amendment
for that reason.
Mr. COBURN. Is it not germane to that
part which provides that the service shall be
m American ships?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. COBURN. It relates to the subject
of what ships shall be used as much as the
other does.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?"
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 70, noes 28; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Is a further count de-
manded?
Mr. COBURN. Certainly: I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Cobuiw and
Mr. Conger were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 72, noes 23.
Mi-. COBURN. No further count is de-
manded.
So the decision of the Chair stood as the
judgment of the committee?
Mr. CREBS. Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
a word or two on the proposition now'before
the House. In my limited experiences in life
I have always found that where a great wrong
is about to be perpetrated upon the rights of
the people a great semblance of virtue must
be assumed; and this is not only true in pri-
vate but in "public life. Wrongs against the
rights and interests of the people, to be car-
ried out successfully, must be sugar-coated,
wrapped up in such a web of rhetoric that the
sting shall be concealed. Before us, in my
judgment, we have an illustration of this prin-
ciple. Take from the efforts in behalf of this
proposition the glow of pathos, the flowers
of rhetoric, and the prophecies of the future
glories of our great nation that have been
indulged in by the very able and erudite gen-
tlemen who have spoken in its behalf, and I
challenge this House or the country to point
to a single reason urged that would be suffi-
cient in the mind of any gentleman here, in
his cool, reflective moments, to induce him to
vote for the pending proposition as an inde-
pendent one, standing upon its merits alone.
If, Mr. Chairman, I were to-day to rise in
my place and move an amendment to this bill,
granting a subsidy of $500,000 to John Doe,
Richard Roe, and five other citizens of my
State, to enable them to import from foreign
countries improved breeds of stock and farm-
ing implements to advance the agricultural
resources of the State, would such a proposition
receive at our hands a single moment's con-
sideration, or could it obtain a single vote in
this Hall?
And yet, when au organized corporation,
already subsidized to the extent of $500,000,
comes before ua with its imperious behests
and demands at our hands another gift of
equal amount, we find the leaders of this House
rising in their might and pleading the cause of
power and insolence with the plaintive strains
that might well accord with the cause of the
down-trodden and the oppressed.
Mr. Chairman, coming down to the real
facts of this case, to " hard-pan," as the toil-
ing millions would say, what are they? Sim-
ply that a corporation which had gone into
business to better the fortunes of its members,
or in other words to make money, and not to
add to the glory of our flag, or to the pride of
our country, as here claimed, but simply to
make money for themselves—and all the rhet-
oric, all the logic, and all the statements with-
out proof that may be indulged in by the
friends of this measure will never convince
the judgment of a single man on this floor to
the contrary—this corporation, thus organ-
ized, and for these purposes, and in the fur-
