4M0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
was in force requiring all investments to be
made in United States bonds*
These investments were made in the depre-
ciated securities of some of the southern
States, and some of the southern railroads.
It is a just claim of these poor orphans, who
have 110 protector but the United States, which
was their legitimate legal trustee. When the
payers of the bonds.in which the investments
were made refused to pay the interest, the
United States did make that interest, good.
There is a precedent for this, aud Mr. Smith,
the, Assistant Attorney General, with all the
aets before him, in an elaborate opinion which
lies upon your table, came to the conclusion
that rthis was'a sum of money validly due by
the United States to the orphans of these
Indians! Upon that opinion the Secretary of
the Interior favorably recommended these
claims. I will read his letter:
Dkpabtmknt of the Interior,
Washington, D. €., Aprils, 1872.
Sin: I have the honor to transmit herewith an
estimate of appropriation required to restore to tlio
Creek o'rphans of 1832 certain funds to which they
are entitled under the provisions of the treaty with
the Greek nation of March 24, lS;i2, but illegally
invested in stocks or diverted to other purposes,
amounting to the sum of $251,055 97.
By the- accompanying copy of an opinion of
Assistant Attorney General Smith, dated the 15th
ultimo, it will bo found that the subject has been
carofuliy examined, and as tho conclusions of thnt
officer appear to bo sustained by roason and author-
ity, Xirespcctfully reuueet tbo favorable action of
Congress upon tho estimnte.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient, servant,
• ■ CO WEN,
Aetiiiu Secretm-if.
Hon. James 'JIakt.an, Chairman of .Committal on
Indian j\Jj\uva, Senate of the United Glutei.
There is the simple history of this claim which
it is proposed to cut off !>y it point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has spoken live minutes.
Mr. BUCKING HAM. 1 can fully sustain
the statement made by the Senator from Ken-
tucky. I have given some attention to this
subject, although I have not examined it as
critically as a legal mind might have .examined
it. I have no doubt thai tho Government
justly owes the Creek orphans the amount
.whioiv has been named in this proposed amend-
ment. I do not1 see how wo cau get along aud
do justice to that people unless we restore the
fund which has been iinpropeily used. I do
not. know of any reason why tliis Government,
should take funds belonging to the wards of the
nation and use thein for tho benefit, of the
nation at large. That is just what this Gov-
ernment has done. This amendment proposes
to rectify that error, ami take from the Treas-
ury, if you please, the amount which has been
expended by the Government belonging to
these Indians, and place it to the credit of
those to whom it belongs.
Mi;. TI1UUMAN. 1 know nothing about
this matter, aud wish to get some inform-
ation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
takes the liberty to remind Seuators that the
question under discussion is tbepointof order,
not the merits of the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to ask, did the
President invest these funds?
.Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Tho Government
used a poruon of the money for general pur-
poses connected with the tribe. They took a
part of this fuud, which was a fund belonging
to the orphans of the nation aud uot to the
uatiou at large, and used it for the refugees.
Mr. THURMAN. How much did they
use?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. One hundred and
six thousand dollars. They used over sixty
thousand dollars for the education of the na-
tion which belonged to these orphans.
J.he PR ESI DUNG OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, shall the amendment be received as in
order?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I must be pardoned,
one single moment, as the precise question is
nowsetated, in asking the Senate to remember
on this question of order that the treaty of
1832 is superseded by the treaty of June 14,
1866, and that by the treaty of June 14, 1866,
they undertook, as they first arranged the
treaty, to provide for this very fund by the
article which 1 have once read, which declares
that, this fund shall be good. The Senate of
the United States rejected that article; and
another article goes on to provide that this
shall be taken as a final settlement between
these parties, &e. In that state of tho case,
to say that this is due under the treaty of 1832
is to declare that you will overrule the Senate
in rejecting the sixth article of the treaty of
1806.
Mr. HARLAN. That goes to the merits
of the amendment after it shall have been
received.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, it does not; it goes
to the point of order.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senate ought
to receive the amendment, and I think there
is a complete answer to the Senator's objec-
tion to the adoption of the amendment. The
pending question, I understand, is merely the
question of receiving it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am showing that there
is no treaty which authorizes it to be received.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does seem to me that
under the restrictive rule we have adopted, if
anything is excluded this amendment would
be. This is not a mere item of appropriation
to carry into execution an existing law. but it
is manifestly making a law without which the
money could not be paid. Therefore, it seems
to me, it, is one of those questions that the
Chair might properly decide at the moment.
Otherwise, we shall have to debate many ques-
tions of this kind. I think myself it is clearly
within the restrictive rule; that is, it is new
legislation, involving a considerable sum of
money.
Mr. HARLAN. If this can be excluded
half the Indian appropriation bill could be
excluded under the same rule.
Mr. NYE. I do not know what the merits
of this claim may be, neither am I going to
stop to inquire for the moment that I shall
occupy the attention of the Senate. I feel an
interest in this matter because I am charged
with offering a kindred amendment which I
think is proper. The precise attitude in which
we stand as legislators for these wards of the
nation is this: we acknowledge substantially,
or if we do not. acknowledge the law establishes
the fact, that the nation owes these people' so
much money by solemn agreement; they come
hero and ask for it, and they are met in the
closing days of the session by saying, accord-
ing to the rules established by the Senate it-
self, they oannotbe paid. Noquestion is raised
upon the validity of the claim, upon the obliga-
tion to pay ; but they are told that according
to the rule of the Senate established a tew days
ago it cannot be done.
That may be just; hut., sir, I tell you it does
not satisfy hunger, it does not clothe the
orphan, it does uot give him a place to sleep
or eat in. That rule may be pleasant in our
mouths, but it is exceedingly bitter in their
stomachs. I do not believe m that policy. It
is a fact perfectly well known, aud it has been
discussed here every year since 1 have beeu a
member of the body,, that we owe the Choc-
taws and we owe these Creeks, but never since
I have heen here have we been able to get into
exactly the proper position, according to the
rules of this body, where propositions to pay
them could be adopted, i protest against all
such nonsense. This is a proper demand, and
the wants of these people require that itshould
be answered. It is acknowledged here sub-
stantially that it is just; but according to a
technical rule they are to be cut off.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is entirely denied.
Mr. COLE. On a matter of this kind there
ought to be no doubt to say the least. The
very fact that there is a dispute as to whether
this is lawfully due or not should be sufficient
to put the Senate on their guard and notice.
They ought not to pass a thing of this kind
when there is any doubt about it, and that
there is more than doubt is shown by the fact
that the treaty ratified by this body excluded
the very article that was to confirm this claim.
Mr. HARLAN. I beg indulgence of the
Senate to say that I take exactly the opposite
view of that article. That sixth article did
provide for the ratification by the Creek nation
of all payments made by the United States
for the support of certain Indians, whether .
they came within the purview of the treaty or
not; but the Senate struck that article out, of
the treaty—the very article by which the na-
tion would have been compelled to ratify what
had been paid in for other purposes. That
was put in by the negotiators of the treaty and
the Creek delegates agreed to it, but the Sen-
ate struck it out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator misreads
the article entirely. This sixth article does
not contain any provision in reference to the
action that had been taken before that by
the United States. It speaks of the future
entirely, as the Senator will see if he will look
at it.
Mr. HARLAN. Of course it speaks of the
future.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does the Senator
mean, then?
Mr. HARLAN. The Senate struck that
out of the treaty. In what way are the United
States or the Creek Indians bound by an article
that is not in the treaty at all? It was in it at
one time, but was stricken out by the Senate.
It is now nugatory, is no part of it, and that
dead article of the treaty is read here as a rea-
son for excluding the payment of interest on
moneys that the United States holds in trust
for certain Indians.
As I have before observed, if this amendment
can be ruled out on a question of order, you
may rule out. one third of every regular Indian
appropriation bill, for we hold a considerable
number of millions of Indian money in trust
for Indians, on which we are paying them from
year to year, under appropriations, the interest.
This is au accumulation of interest that has not
been paid. If this can be ruled out under
a question of order as a private claim, then I
do not see how you can pay the money due
Indians as interest on funds we hold for them
in trust.
Mr. STEVENSON. So far as the remarks
of the Senator from California and the Senator
from Vermont apply to the treaty of 1860, they
have no application.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is obliged to remind the Senator from Ken-
tucky that it is not in order for him to speak
again on this question without unanimous con-
sent. The question is, shall the amendment
be received as in order?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not quite
sure that 1 see the point which bears upon the
question of order ; but assuming now that the
treaty of 1832 did provide and stipulate for the
payment of interest to these . orphan Creeks,
and assuming that no subsequent treaty lias
altered taat stipulation, it is difficult for me to
see that this is not in the nature of a piovision
for the performance of a treaty stipulation ;
and if so, I do not see why it is not in order.
I am not sure that I apprehend the objection
of the Senator from Vermont. 1 came in as
he was concluding his remarks, and heard a
reference to the treaty of I860, which attempted
to make -in the sixth article some provision
other than that which was provided by the
treaty of 1832, but it occurs to me that that
treaty having failed entirely, it leaves the whole
question upon the treaty of 1832.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The treaty of 1866 was
a fresh treaty after they had been at war with
us, making new terms about everything, and
superseding all old treaties which the war made
upon us by the Creeks joining the confederacy
Therefore, they are only entitled
