1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4341
to what the treaty of 1866 gives them. That
is my point.
Mr. MORHILL, of Maine. Very well.
Now I understand the point of the honorable
Senator to be this, that the treaty of 1866 was
a new treaty with these Indians, and provided
for new stipulations and a new arrangement
of things; bat is it shown that it was anew
treaty in regard to this article, in regard to
the very treaty stipulation of 1832 which we
are considering ? Evidently not; that is to
say, evidently not from the very fact that this
stipulation in the treaty of 1866, to wit, that
provided for in the sixth article, which was a
stipulation in regard to the orphan fund, was
stricken Out; thereby, I submit, by inevitable
implication, saying that as to the orphan fund
Congress was disposed to leave it upon the
treaty stipulation of 1882. It strikes me that
must be so, and if it is so, I suppose there is
no cjnpstion at all that this amendment is
within the rule. I believe 1 will not under-
take to state with entire accuracy that this
is not a new question ; that we are appropri-
ating constantly, and have been, to pay the in-
terest upon this orphan fund. The merits of
the case are with this provision. Of course
if it is not within the rule, it ought not to be
received, but my impression certainly is, from
my recollection of the treaty stipulations, that
it is within that treaty stipulation, and so
within the rule.
Mr. FBELINGHUYSEN. I cannot see
why this is not in order as much as any annual
appropriation for the Indians. The "Govern-
ment bave failed to pay the interest that is due
uuder the treaty of 1832 and now make an
appropriation for it. If it was a new appro-
priation in compliance with a treaty, it would
be in order on this bill. The fact that a dif-
ferent arrangement was talked of iu 1866, but
was not made, does not change the treaty of
1832 at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will ask the Senator
from New Jersey, as I have not the right to
speak any more, whether he thinks the state
of war changes the treaty?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is a differ-
ent question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And whether, the Creeks
having gone into war with the confederate
States against the United States and got every
right that they now possess as against the Uni-
ted States under the treaty of 1866, he thinks
the treaty of 1832 is still iu force?
Mr. FiiELlNGHUYSEN. That is an en-
tirely different question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the very question.
_ Mr. FKELINGHUYSEN. That is a ques-
tion which has not been raised here, but one
which I considered with considerable care. I
considered the very question that the Senator
has put to me, thinking that if these Creeks
had been at war with the United States it did
absolve the United States from their obligation
to pay this money, and on the investigation
that 1 made, (to which I presume I could
turn in a short lime,) this being a trust fund, I
believe the rule of law is that the war does
not absolve the trustee, and 1 think I can find
the authorities if the Senator wishes. It was
on those authorities, I tell him frankly and
sincerely, that I voted for this report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask another ques-
tion of my friend, because I see he means to
deal candidly by the proposition?
Mr. ERELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose the trust, instead
of being a private and personal trust, should
be a trust to a nation for the benefit of some
of its citizens, and that the trustee deals not
with the citizen but with the nation which
takes care of its own citizens, then would not
a state of war abrogate the trust as well as
everything else ?
_ Mr. FliEHNGHUYSEN. That is not the
fact in reference to this tribe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think if my friend will
look at the treaty of 1832 carefully he will
see that it is.
. Mr. FKBLINGHUYSEN. At any rate, that
is a question which I think may fairly be con-
sidered when the amendment is before the
Senate, and I will, if the Senator wishes, at
that time state the ground upon which I
formed this opinion, for it was several days
before I consented to give my vote for this
report and this appropriation ou that very
point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, shall this amendment be received as
in order ?
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 25, noes 15.
Mr. COLE.. I think we had better have the
yeas and nays.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; let us have the
yeas and nays. This is an important question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish simply to say in
one word that this miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill, if it is an appropriation bill at all,
which I doubt in the technical sense, is a bill
intended to include anything that has been
neglected in other bills.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire whether
it is in order for the Senator, having ruled yes-
terday while in the chair as the judgment of
the Senate that this was an appropriation bill,
now to controvert that, ruling? [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. That was not on this bill.
The Senator is mistaken. We had up another
bill yesterday; this bill was not up at all.
Now, sir, I do not think on the miscellaneous
appropriation bill we ought to rule with that
strictness that we do on a bill which confines
its appropriations to specific things provided
for by law. • The annual appropriation bills as
they come in generally have specific appro-
priations provided for by law ; and nothing not
provided by law should ever go upon them;
but here is a miscellaneous appropriation bill,
intended to gather up what may have been
neglected on other bills, and on that account
I think we ought to construe it liberally.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Cooper. Corbett, Cragin, Ferry of
Michigan, l<lanagan, Frelinghuysen. Harlan, Hill,
Howe, Kellogg, Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Norwood,
Nye, Pomeroy, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Suai-
ner, Viekers, and Windom—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Car-
penter, Oole, Oonkling, Edmunds, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston. Morrill of
Vermont, Pratt, Robertson, Scott, and Sherman—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Casserly,
Chandler, Clayton, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of
West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gil-
bert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Lewis, Lo-
gan, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, ltamsey,
Ransom, Rice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sehurz. Spencer,
Stewart, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, West, Wil-
son, and Wright—33.
So the amendment was received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on adopting the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
the grounds upon which this amendment is
said to be meritorious stated. If there is
any report of a committee or any report from
a Department, I should like to hear that read,
to begin with.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from Kentucky, I think, has those papers in
his possession.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, by the
second aiticle of the treaty of 1832, with the
is not the place for it. I have got eonsider-
Creek Indians, it is provided:
*'And twenty sections shall be selected, under the
direction of the President, for the orphan children
of the Creeks, and divided and retained or sold for
their benefit as thePresident may direct: Provided,
however, That no sections or locations under this
treaty shall be so made as to include the agency
reserve."
It will be perceived that this was a fund not
of the nation, but of certain individuals who
were at that time orphans of the Creek Indians.
Under the discretion vested in him by that
article of the treaty, the President sold these
lands, and made certain investments in seeur-
ities^which have since depreciated. I send to
the Secretary's desk the estimate made by the
Interior^ Department, and also the opinion of
the Assistant Attorney General upon which
that estimate was made, which I ask the Clerk
to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department op the Interior,
Washington, D. C., April 6,1872.
Sir: I have.the honor to transmit herewith an
estimate of appropriation required to restore to the
Creek orphans of 1832 certain funds to which they
are entitled under the provisions of the treaty with
the Creek nation of March 24, 1832, but illegally
invested in stocks or diverted to other purposes
amounting to the sum of $261,055 97.
By theaccompanyingcopv of an opinion of Assist-
ant Attorney General Smith, dated the 15th ultimo,
it will belound that the subject has been carefully
examined, and as,the conclusions of that officer
appear to bo sustained by reason and authority, I
respectfully request the favorable action of Con-
gress upon the estimato.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient, servant.
B. R. OOWEN,
Acting Secretary,
Hon. James IIarlan", Chnirvuxn of Committee on
Indian Affairs, Heiiute of the United SfAtes.
Department or Justice,
Office of Assistant Attorney Genebal,
Washington, D. C„ iVarc/tl5, 1872.
Sm: I have considered the claim of the Creek
orphans, referred by you for my opinion.
This claim grows out of the treaty made with the
Creeks on the 24th of March, 1832, and found in
volume seven, United States Statutes, page 366. By
tbat treaty twenty sections ol land, to deselected by
the President ot the United States, were reserved
" to the orphan children of the Creeks," and were
directed " to be retained or sold for their benefit as
the President may direct/' He did direct that they
should be sold, and they were sold under the pro-
visions of the act of March 3,1837, (5 Statutes, 186,)
and the proceeds, amounting to $108,713 82, invested
iu stocks. The third section of that act authorized the
interest to be paid to the Creeks " in such amounts
and in such manner " as in the opinion of the Pres-
ident would be most advantageous to them, and the
principal whenever the President should think
proper.
This sum and its interest have been reinvested
and now amount to a large sum, probably two hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand dollars. This is
exclusive of the payments that have been made
uuder the order of the President, two in number,
one August 26,1868, of $106,43412, and the other July
1, 1870, of $21,291 63.
The orphans have received no other payments,
either on principal or interest. There has been ex-
pended out of these funds, and without their consent,
tor the general purposes of the tribe, $69,956 29. and
for the support oi loyal Creek refugees, $106,799 68/
The stocks ni>w on hand consist of Tennessee
fives and Virginiasixes. These bonds are below par,
and are non-interest-paying bonds. They have
been purchased since September, 11,1841.
Tne attorney for the orphans claims—
First. That the bonds now on hand were obtained
in violation of law ;
Second. That the application of the $69,956 29 for
the general purposes of the tribe was improper;
Third. That the application of the $10(3,799 68, for
the support of loyal refugees -was not authorized by
law; and
Fourth. That all the payments to the orphans
should have been in gold, and that the difference
between coin and Treasury notes should be made up
to them.
I will consider these claims in their order:
First. The bonds now on hand were purchased in
violation of law,
The third section of the act of March 3, 1837.
authorized the President to invest the proceeds of
the sales of the Creek reserves "in stocks," with-
out specifying any particular stocks. That lan-
guage is broad enough to justify the purchase that
was made, and if the trustee acted in good faith
and. with reasonable care, there is no legal lia-
bility for any loss resulting from, his action. This
principle is not controverted; butit is claimed that
the subseqtuentactof September 11,1841, (5 Statutes,
465,) required the investments made alter that date
to be in United States stocks, bearing interest at not
less than five per cent, per annum.
The first section of that act repealed the act au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to invest the
interest accruing on the Swithsou bequest in State
stocks, and requiring such interest to oe invested m
United States stocks of not less than five per cent,
annual interest.
The second section is as follows:
" That all other lunds held in trust by the United
States, and the annual interest accruing thereon,
when not otherwise required by treatv. shall iu like
manner be invested in slocks of the United States,
bearing a like rate of iutei est."
This section is general in its terms, and applies to
all cases not otherwise provided by treaty, and is, I
think, a repeal of all laws inconsistent therewith.
