1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
tnrb the prices of a great multitude of manu-
factured articles all over the couutry merely
because they may be admitted into Chicago
duty free.
The only argument for this bill is that by
reason of the fire and the enormous demand
for heavy materials lying near Chicago, the
prices have gone up so much that to the mis-
fortune of these people who lost their prop-
erty is superadded the additional misfortune
of buying materials around them at a much
advanced price. As a matter of course, the
destruction of property in Chicago does not
materially advance the price of glass or iron,
or of the multitude of other articles which are
made in the United States of America, not at
Chicago, but in remote districts. The argu-
ment, therefore, does not apply for any abate-
ment of the duties on these articles, but only
as to those the price of which is materially
advanced in the neighborhood of Chicago. If
this bill was confined to lumber, brick, cement,
and various forms of building material, then
I think it might operate justly.
Nor do I think there is any ground for the
objection made to by the Senator from Michi-
gan. The people of Michigan have already an
improving market in all the western country for
their lumber. They are not fairly entitled to the
additional market caused by the fireat Chicago.
They will have the benefit of the market of all
the western States and outside of the burned
district of Chicago for their lumber. They
ought not to take advantage of the loss of vast
quantities of lumber in the burned district to
advance the price of lumber; and, as I under-
stand the Senator from Michigan, he does not
desire that. They have the benefit of the
market outside of the burned district, and
therefore the price of lumber will not prob-
ably be affected injuriously if this bill should
pass; but it will enable those who have
•suffered by fire in the burned district to buy
lumber anywhere, in the markets of Canada
as well as in the markets of the United States.
I think, therefore, that the amendmentpro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont ought to
have been adopted, and as I in committee was
one who voted against it and who voted against
it here, I am disposed to correct that fault
so far as I can, and to pass the bill thus
amended.
I desire also to call attention to another
remarkable editorial published in the Chicago
Tribune, in which they say they are in favor of
extending the principle of this bill to all the
towns of Michigan, and ail the towns of Wis-
consin, and to every household or domicile
that is burned in the United States of America ;
in other words, they wish to introduce free
trade wherever a fire has occurred, I suppose,
in order to carry out their ideas about the doc-
trine of protection.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. If it is good for Chicago,
why not for any place where a fire does not
occur.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was about to answer
that if my fiiend had not asked me the question.
If that is true, (and it is hard to see why not,)
then we should be compelled to pass such
bills in the case of every fare that may happen
in the United States, and it' some house should
be burned down in a remote town in Ohio we
must allow the iron, the nails, tia^lass, and
all the minor materials that enter into the
rebuilding of that house, if imported from
abroad, to enter duty free. In other words, it
is a discrimination against home manufactures.
It is a declaration that if you rebuild your
bouse of foreign materials you may do so
duty free, and if you rebuild it of American
materials you shall pay duty.
It is evident, then, that the example set in
the case of Portland without much considera-
tion, without any debate, and which led to no
evil consequences in that case, if it is followed
in the case of Chicago must necessarily be
followed in all the other towus of the United
States, and in regard to every burned domicile
in the land. It therefore carries the conse-
quences of this example which we are about
to set to so great a danger that I for one desire
to put the bill on tenable ground. I see no
objection to extending the bill to all the towns
of Wisconsin and Michigan, when it is con-
fined to heavy materials for building, the value
of which is immediately affected by the fire.
I would confine it to lumber, brick, cement,
and those coarser materials which enter into
the basis, I may say the chief element, of the
cost of a new building.
I trust the Senators from Illinois will allow
the bill to be recommitted, or, at least, allow
it to be reconsidered. I do not see any par-
ticular occasion for recommitting it, because
the Senate have already had the suhject before
them sufficiently to be ready to take the vote
again on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, and I have no doubt, then, the bill
■will pass, and give all the relief that can be
safely given to the people of Chicago under
the circumstances.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I voted for this
bill giving relief to Chicago, and should be
very happy to extend that relief, but I think
it would be very unfair to make this relief fall
especially on those who are engaged in trade
in the immediate vicinity of Chicago ; it ought
to be general on the nation. I look upon the
Chicago fire as a national calamity, and thus
readily distinguish it from the case put by the
Senator from Ohio, that if we grant this relief
the same principle would call upon us to grant
relief wherever there was a building burned.
But I can appreciate that taking the duty off
certain articles may so disturb trade that a
dollar of relief in one direction may be ten
dollars' damage in another direction. The
effect of a duty on trade is vastly greater than
its pecuniary value. It is like a pound at
the end of a lever, which will produce a hun-
dred times more effect than a pound near
the fulcrum. I think that the Congress of
the nation is bound to see to it that merchants
are secured a uniform market, and that we do
not unnecessarily disturb the conditions on
which purchases were made or investments
entered into. Therefore, I hope that if this
bill is recommitted to the committee they
will not only consider the ameudm-nt of
the Senator from Vermont, which I favored
when it was up before, but will also consider
the effect upon trade, and see if some more
equitable relief cannot be afforded to Chicago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on reconsidering the vote on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that the
morning hour is just on the point of expiring.
The Senator is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. If any Senator purposes to
call for the regular order, of course 1 do not
wish to proceed and then be stopped in a
moment. There have been three arguments
already made in one direction, ana 1 should
like to sav a few words in reply.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to call the attention
of the Seuate especially to this bill and to the
effect of the bill, and also to some remarks
that have been made which bear directly, at
least I feel as though they do, upon myself.
A few days ago the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Chaxdler] had read at the desk and pub-
lished as part of his speech a letter, charging
that this measure was a free-trade conspiracy
or a free-trade trick, attempted to be practiced
upon the Congress of the United States. I
wish to say right here, so far as the charge
that this measure was a trick is concerned, I
consulted with no man before I introduced
the bill. There was not a citizen of Chicago
who had a knowledge of the fact that I was
going to introduce it. No person knew any-
thing about it. I drew it up at my desk at
home and offered it in the Senate on the first
day of the session. Why? Because I saw
from the statute-books that the game relief had
been granted to Portland, Maine, when that
city was partially destroyed by fire. I looked
upon it then as an act of justice that should be
carried out toward one city that was suffering
under a calamity as well as another. That
was all that induced me to present the bill to
the Senate.
So far as this attempt has been made in the
Senate to charge it as a trick of free trade or
in the direction of free trade, I mast say that
I am very sorry to hear Senators make any
such statement or attempt to arouse the preju-
dices of men who are in favor of protective
tariffs as against what is called revenue reform
or a revenue tariff. I say to my friend from
Michigan that when he charges this as a free-
trade trick, he makes a charge iu the wrong
direction. I am not a free-trader myself, never
have been, ar.d never expect to be.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator par-
don me for interrupting him for a moment ?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. I never made that charge
in the world. I read a letter, it is true.
Mr. LOGAN. You read a letter making
that charge as part of your speech, and it is
published in the Globe as a part of your
speech.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have not made it.
Mr. LOGAN. The charge is contained in
this letter, which is published as a part of your
speech. I am glad the Senator says he never
made it, or, at least, did not intend to make
it. Let me say also, when Senators talk about
men being in favor of free trade, or insinuate
any such thing, that I have read the Constitu-
tion of mv country, and understand—at least,
I think I do—the rights and interests of my
constituents too well to talk in that line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
ask the Senator from Illinois to pause. The
morninghour has expired, and the amnesty bill
is before the Senate, on which the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator from Illinois will be allowed to pro-
ceed and finish his remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there is no
objection the unfinished business will be in-
formally passed over, subject to a demand for
the regular order.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the Senate will per-
mit a vote to be taken on this subject after my
friend from Wisconsin shall make some re-
marks upon it. I desired that he should do so
before I said anything. I should like to have
a vote this morning. If I cannot have that, as
a matter of course I am willing to desist now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no objection to informally passing over
the amnesty bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. That, there may
be no concealment in this matter—I certainly
have none—1 desire to state to the Senator
frem Illinois that in justice to myself and
those whom I in part represent, it will become
my duty to submit some remarks on the ques-
tion under consideration. I make this state-
ment that he may not insist on a vote (I am
with him generally in the object of relief)
without knowing that I desire a few moments
to express my views.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I demand the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator
from South Carolina calls for the regular
I order. Does he yield to allow the Senator
from Illinois to conclude his remarks?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes, sir; if he de-
sire? it.
Mr. LOGAN. If there is to be a general
debate on this subject, I am perfectly willing
