1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2549
or incapacity of the chief of any Department
or bureau, on the discovery of the fact, let
him, too, at once be consigned to eternal polit-
ical infamy by a sentence or decree of per-
petual banishment. When all in authority
and all their subordinates understand this;
when they are brought, by the force of a
nobler and purer public morality, to feel that
a righteous retribution awaits them if they
dare to tolerate vice, corruption, or fraud;
when they are made to feel that the indigna-
tion of the people will visit them with the
certainty and celerity of the lightning, then
we will have a civil service reform which will
command the admiration of all. which will in
no sense lead to the embarrassment, of Con-
gressmen unless they are dishonest, however
much they may solicit or advise appointments,
for they, too, will share in the responsibility,
and justly, and which will preserve us from
the disgrace which so many now acknowledge
afflicts us.
Individual responsibility, not in name, but
in truth, is the highest protection the public
can have. No laws, no boards of commission,
no investigations can dispense with the imme-
diate, direct, and speedy responsibility and
accountability of the public servant of what-
ever grade, whether high or low, to the people,
to a pure, enlightened, and vigilant public
opinion. Let the President and all his Secre-
taries be impressed with the conviction that
no excuse will be entertained for a laxity of
public morals, in whatever form it may be ex-
hibited. and you will at once see the dawning
of a new era in the administration of the
Government. Hundreds of officers will be
dispensed with, and millions of money will
be saved annually. The people are greatly to
blame for what the country is now so griev-
ously suffering from. In this respect there
is a most shameful and lamentable perversion
of truth, morality, and justice. Who can
justify for one moment the continuance of a
bad roan in office- or the support of his supe-
rior for keeping him there? And yet this is
often done. This is the wrong. The passage
of this bill will not remedy it. The fault is
vrith the people, who are too yielding, too
merciful for the sake of party.
There is no virtue in crimination and re-
crimination simply. Republicans charging
Democrats with faithlessness will not purity
the civil service. Republicans may thus
make Democrats feel annoyed, but they will
not thereby renovate any of the Departments,
nor remove a single corrupt official. Denun-
ciations of Tammany will not atone for the
demoralization in the custom house. When
we are charged with the frauds of a few indi-
viduals m a single State, I might retort and
ask the Republicans to purge iheir party of
the outrageous results of carpet-bag and scal-
awag rule in the South. But this alone will
not accomplish the work that good citizens
must long for, and which, I suppose, this bill
is intended for. It will be of little avail for
me to rummage through the history of Mr.
Lincoln's administration, though much of it
is still fresh iu the mind, for instances of
fraud. The same may be said of Andrew
Johnson's administration, however fuli it may
have been of short-comings. We have work
enough on hand in looking after and dealing
with the present Administration. We can in
no sense atone for the past so well as by pro-
viding for the present and acquiring every
needed -security for the future. If General
Grant has established and maintained a civil
service system which secures the country
against criminals in office,^ then give him the
praise; but it he has not, it is our duty to say
that with him is the responsibility, and, being
found wanting, he is condemned.
To this it must come if we would save our
country. Every honest man must stand ready
to be the public accuser of every public man.
of every officeholder, if we would sustain our
credit, our honor, and our national strength.
It will not do for a man, because he is a Con-
gressman, to escape his share of duty and obli-
gation behind the weak defenses of legislative
enactment.
Let us, then, look at the present condition of
our service and learn, if we can, whether or
not it is possible to reach the end so much
desired by other means rather than this bill.
It has been for years and still is urged that
the condition of the civil service is so vicious,
degrading, and polluted, so under the control
of corrupt men, peculators, and pilferers as
to demand the most stringent legislation, with
the view and hope of effecting a change and
reformation in the management of the differ-
ent Executive Departments of the Government.
Untold millions of the people's money have
been unlawfully appropriated, stolen, or squan-
dered, and the thieves and miscreants are still
holding high carnival. Everywhere the atmos-
phere is tainted, beclouded, repulsive.
To so vast an extent is this true, so univer-
sally has the stream become befouled and pois-
oned, that men who float upon it, who are
intrusted in a peculiar manner with the safety
of the great public interests, stand aghast,
express their alarm in very terror, express
their alarm with the fervency of men conscious
of the highest responsibility, and with a patri-
otic ardor that commands universal attention.
Tried and trusted leaders of the Republican
party, those who stood as its sponsors, those
who were its patrons, and if they had had any
such taking off as John Brown or Mr. Lincoln
would to-day be canonized as among its
saints, those who urged or supported the
nomination and zealously advocated the elec-
tion of General Grant, such men spoke first,
warning the Administration, its friends, and
the country against the inevitable and rapidly
approaching ruin threatening us at the very
heart and center of the country and the public
service. It is in the highest degree fortunate that
this enormous and inexcusable sin, this ac-
cursed transgression against a generous, con-
fiding, over-taxed, and patriotic people is con-
fessed, exposed, and published by those who
are in a position to know, who have a right,
as well as the moral courage, to speak, and
whose utterances cannot fail to challenge atten-
tion, and to spur the people throughout the
land to the promptest, most unrestrained and
vigilant, action. The voice of Democrats was
unheeded ; but when a number of the most
prominent as well as sagacious and upright
Republicans stepped forward and guardedly,
temperately, but emphatically declared the
existence, prevalence, aud destructive ten-
dency of this most abominable sin of corrup-
tion in the public service, this perfidy and
baseness of public servants in the discharge
of the most solemn obligations, a nation sprang
to its feet and expressed its deep abhorrence
and condemnation.
Yes, an overshadowing and all-controlling
necessity has come upon us. The various
propositions before Congress within the last
two years favoring civil service reform imply
and enforce this assertion. Evtde.ntly a great
change has arisen, or has been introduced, or
has been tolerated, allowed to grow into im-
mense proportions, to prompt the suggestion
and support of such measures by the triends
of the Administration. What is that condition
or situation ? It is the open, barefaced, con-
tinued, and most outrageous public robbery
lay the public servants, or their agents and
employ6s. Instances numerous and glaring
are too fresh in the minds of gentlemen to
need repetition.
Why should there in this enlightened day
be all these exhibitions of flagitious prodi-
gality, venality, and crime? Is there any
possible reason that would not as well apply
to any other period iu our history ? We are I
now in the ninety-sixth year of our itidc-
pendtnee. Should it be our hope or ex j
pectation that vice or vi«tue would the more ;|
flourish and prevail ? Were these base and |i
miserable characteristics of the service sc
shamefully rank in our early history as now,
or indeed at any other period of our annals 1
The pages of the past, reveal nothing of the
kind. In vain do we search for such disgust
ing blots upon the national escutcheon prio,
to this Administration, prior to Republican
ascendancy, prior to their undivided and
absolute control. What excuse have theyT
Human nature has not changed. It was no
purer in itself in our earlier career than now ;
men were under the same influences then as
to day. There were the same unholy desires
to influence every human breast and if culti-
vated to spread eternal waste on every hand.
Ambition was as haugh'y in its conquests,
licentiousness as debasing, avarice as greedy,
and corruption as unscrupulous.
But who is responsible? Against whom
should public indignation be leveled? Is Gen-
eral Grant the guilty one ? I do not say that
he is. But I do say that if General Grant is
entirely free from fault, if it be his aim to ad-
minister the Government upon the strict and
upright principles of a pure morality, if it be his
ambition to preserve the honor and integrity of
our people and our country, he has been, of
all rulers, most unfortunate in his instruments,
in the men he has chosen, in the friends
selected, in the circumstances that have sur
rounded him, iu the results that have followed
his movements, and in the entanglements,
corruptions, and public crimes of many of his
stewards, agents, or placemen. In every way
and at every point in the execution of the
laws he has been unfortunate. Nothing grows
green, bright, cheerful, and beautiful under
his control; nothing grows at all, except in
corruption or decay. Nothing grows or ad-
vances, except like boils or cancers. Huge
excrescences appear everywhere, but they are
alarming, obnoxious, and hideous deformities,
sickening to every sense, and abhorrent to all
but to the mean, the mercenary, aud the ava-
ricious. Every department of his administra-
tion is suspected, charged, anaigned—viola-
tions of law, of trust, ot confidence, of honcr,
of public morality, everywhere. The public
service is sought, not for the public good, but
but for private emolument, for selhsh ends,
for unholy purposes.
But I do not charge the President or any
other individual with responsibility alone. The
obligation for a pure, spotless, and upright
administration rests upon the Republican
party, and the Republican party, with the
President at its head, 1 charge with whatever
there has been of short-coming, of overreach-
ing, of false accounting, of money-grabbing, of
public plundering, of land-grabbing. I charge
and arraign all; those who have been keen-
sighted and public-spirited and virtuously
inclined, opening the way and urging the
exposure of crime, as well as those who throw
every obstiucuon before honest investigation,
imperiling all our institutions and lights.
None can discard the fact that Republicans
are responsible tor whatevei evils of adminis
tration have fallen upon us. Whatever is hon-
orable they all rush in to share. Individuals
may be distinguished by noble sentiments and
righteous deeds, but having cast their lots of
their own volition with the Radical party, they
must be judged accordingly. If we were to
name a striking illustration it would be in the
person, character, conduct of General Grant.
Whatever be was before the year 18G8 he is
now styled a Republican, and so are all his
followers, as well as those who boast of thf-ir
Republicanism without owning Grant as their
leader.
1 he evils of maladministration being upon
us, the country suffering at every quarter trom
flagrant wrong doing, which is confessed by
the Republicans in their admission of the
necessity of civil service reform, let us inquire
briefly of the nature and extent of their
responsibility by reviewing the past.
livery branch of the Federal Government
