1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
705
Laws of the United States.
42d Gong....2b Sess.
ute and Journal clerk, and financial clerk, in
the oflice of the Secretary of the Senate, at
two thousand five hundred and ninety-two dol-
lars each ; librarian and six clerks in the office
of ihe Secretary of the Senate, at two thousand
two hundred and twenty dollars each ; keeper
of the stationery, two thousand one hundred
and two dollars and' forty cents ; two messen-
gers, at one thousand two hundred and ninety-
six dollars each ; onepage at seven hundred and
twenty dollars ; Sergeant-at-Arms and Door-
keeper, four thousand three hundred and
twenty dollars : Provided, That hereafter he
shall receive, directly or indirectly, no fees
or other compensation or emolument what-
ever for performing the duties of the office,
or in connection therewith, otherwise than as
aforesaid ; assistant doorkeeper, two thousand
five hundred and ninety-two dollars; Post-
master to the Senate, two thousand one hun-
dred dollars; assistant postmaster and mail-
carrier. one thousand seven hundred and
twenty-eight dollars ; two mail-carriers, at one
thousand two hundred dollars each ; superin-
tendent of the document-room, two thousand
one hundred and sixty dollars; two assistants
in document-room, at one thousand four hun-
dred and forty dollars each; superintendent
of the folding room, two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty dollars ; three messengers, act-
ing as assistant doorkeepers, at one thousand
eight hundred dollars each ; twenty messen-
gers, to be appointed and removed by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, with the approval of the Com-
mittee to Audit and Conirol the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, at one thousand four
hundred and forty dollars each; secretary to
the President, of the Senate, two thousand one
hundred and two dollars and forty cents; clerk
to the Committee on Finance, two thousand
two hundred and twenty dollars ; clerk to the
Committee on Claim1!, two thousand two hun-
died and twenty dollars; clerk of printing
records, two thousand two hundred and twenty
dollars; clerk to Committee on Appropri-
ations, two thousand two hundred and twenty
dollats;.onc laborer in charge of private pas-
sage. eight hundred and sixty-four dollars;
one laborer in stationery-room, eight hundred
and sixty-four dollars; one special police-
man, one thousand dollars; Chaplain to the
Senate, nine hundred dollars ; chief engineer,
two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars ;
three assistant engineers, at one thousand four
hundredand forty dollars each; two firemen, at
one thousand and ninety-five dollars each;
three laborers, at seven hundred and thirty
dollars each ; making, in all, one hundred and
twenty thousand two hundred and twenty-eight
dollais and eighty cents.
For temporary clerks in the office of the
Secretary ot' the Senate, ten thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Senate,
viz:
For stationery and newspapers for seventy-
four Senators, at the rate of one hundred and
twenty-live dollars each per annum, nine
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For staiionery for committees and officers,
five thousand dollars.
For cleiks to committees, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For fourteen pages for the Senate Chamber,
two ruling pages, one pfige for the VicePresi-
dent's room, and one page for the office of the
Secretary of the Senate, making eighteen pages
in all, ai the rate of three dollars per day while
actually employed, said pages to be appointed
and removed by the Sergeant-at-Arms, with
the approval of the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent K.vpenses of the Sen-
ate, eight thousand dollais.
For fiorses and e.myalls, seven thousand
dolhns.
For fuel and oil for the heating apparatus,
eight thousand dollars ; for furniture and re-
42i> Ooxu. 2o Huss.—No. 45.
pairs of furniture, five thousand dollars ; for
labor, thirteen thousand dollars; for folding
documents, and materials therefor, eightthou
sand dollars; for packing-boxes, seven hun-
dred and forty dollars ; for miscellaneous
items, exclusive of labor, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For the usual additional compensation to
the reporters of the Senate for the Congres-
sional Globe, for reporting the proceedings of
the Senate for the session of the Forty-Second
Congress, beginning on the first Monday in
December, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
eight hundred dollars each, four thousand
dollars.
Capitol Polioe.
For one captain, two thousand and eighty-
eight dollars; three lieutenants, at one thou-
sand eight hundred dollars each; twenty-seven
privates, at one thousand five hundred and
eighty-four dollars each, forty-two thousand
seven hundred and sixty-eight dollars; and
eight watchmen, at one thousand dollars each,
eight thonsand dollars; making, in all, fifty-
eight thousand two hundred and fifty-six dol-
lars, oue half to be paid into the contingent
fund of the House of Representatives, and the
other half to be paid into the contingent fund
of the Senate.
House of Representatives.
For compensation and mileage of members
of the House of Representatives and Delegates
from Territories, one million dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others receiving an annual
salary in the service of the House of Repre-
sentatives, viz: Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, four thousand three hundred and
twenty dollars; Chief Clerk and Journal clerk,
three thousand dollars each; six assistant
clerks, at two thousand five hundred and
ninety-two dollars each; one assistant clerk,
at two thousand five hundred and twenty dol-
lars ; eight assistant clerks, including librarian
and assistant librarian, at two thousand one
hundred and sixty dollars each ; one chief
messenger, in the office of the Clerk of the
House, at five dollars and seventy six cents
per day; three messengers, at one thousand
four hundred and forty dollars each; one
messenger in the House library, one thousand
four hundred and forty dollars ; one engineer,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; three
assistant engineers, at one thousand four hun-
dred and forty dollars each; six firemen, at
one thousand and ninety-five dollars each per
annum ; for clerk to Committee of Ways and
Means, two thousand five hundredand ninety-
two dollars; clerk to Committee on Appropri-
ations, two thousand five hundred and ninety-
two dollars; clerk to Committee of Claims,
two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars ;
clerk to Committee on the Public Lands, two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars ; clerk
at Speakers table, at five dollars and seventy-
six cents per day; private secretary to the
Speaker, two thousand one hundred, and two
dollars and forty cents; Sergeant-at-Arms, four
thousand three hundred and twenty dollars:
Provided, That hereafter he shall receive,
directly or indirectly, no fees or other com-
pensation or emolument whatever for perform-
ing the duties of the office, or 111 connection
therewith, otherwise than as aforesaid; clerk
to the Sergeant-at-Arms, two thousand five
hundred dollars; paying teller for the Sergeant-
at-Arms, one thousand eight hundred dollars;
messenger to the Sergeant-at-Arms, one thou-
sand four hundredand forty dollars; Door-
keeper, two thousand five hundred and ninety-
two dollars; first assistant doorkeeper, two
thousand five hundred and ninety-two dollars ;
Postmaster, two thousand five hundred and
uinety-iwo dollars ; first assistant postmaster,
two thousand and eighty eight dollars ; four
messengers, at one thousand seven hundred
and twenty-eight dollars each; five mail-
carriers, at one thousand and eighty dollars
each ; Chaplain of the House, nine hundred
dollars; two stenographers, four thousand
three hundred and eighty dollars each; super-
intendent of the folding-room, two thousand
one hundred and sixty dollars ; superintendent
and assistant superintendent of the document-
room, at five dollars and seventy-six cents per
day each ; document file clerk, one thousand
eight hundred dollars; eleven messengers, five
at one thousand eight hundred dollars, and
six at one thousand four hundred and forty
dollars each; twelve messengers during the
session, at the rate of one thousand four hun-
dred and forty dollars each per annum, five
thousand seven hundred and sixty dollars;
making, in all, the sum of one hundred and
fifry-three thousand four hundred and twenty-
two dollars.
For contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives, viz:
For cartage, six thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For clerks to committees, and temporary
clerks of the House of Representatives, thirty-
three thousand one hundred dollars.
For messenger to the Committee on Appro-
priations, one thousand three hundred and
fourteen dollars.
For messenger to the Committee of Ways
and Means, one thousand three hundred and
fourteen dollars.
For folding documents, including pay of
folders in the folding-rooms and materials,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For fuel, eight thousand dollars.
For horses and carriages for transportation
of mails, and saddle-horses for the use of
messengers, ten thousand dollars.
-For furniture, and repairs of the same, ten
thousand four hundred dollars.
For packing-boxes, two thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
For laborers, thirteen thousand six hundred
and fourteen dollars.
For miscellaneous items, sixty thousand
dollars.
For newspapers and stationery for Repre-
sentatives and Delegates, at one hundred and
twenty-five dollars each per annum, ihirty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars; and
for stationery for committees and officers of
the House, five thousand dollars.
For twenty-five pages, including three riding
pages, seven thousand six hundred dollars.
For five mail-boys," seven thousand three-
hundred and foriy-four dollars: Provided,
That hereafter all expenditures of the Senate
and House of Representatives shall be made
up to the end of each fiscal year, and to be
reported to Congress at the commencement
of each session.
For the usual additional compensation to
the reporters of the House for the Congres-
sional Globe for reporting the proceedings of
the House for the session of the Forty Second
Congress, beginning on the first Monday in
December, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
eight hundred dollars each, four thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Public Printing.
For compensation of the Congressional
Printer, and the clerks and messenger in his
office, twelve thousand five hundred and four-
teen dollars. And the compensation of the
foreman of printing and the foreman of bind-
ing, at the Government Printing Office, shall
be two thousand one hundred dollars each, to
commence on the first of July, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two, and a sum sufficient to
pay ihe increase of salary hereby provided is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury uot otherwise appropriated.
