1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3445
tion thirty-nine, _ to strike out " thirty" and
insert u twenty-sixso as to read:
And no boiler to which the heat is applied to the
outside of the shell thereof shall be constructed of
iron orsteel platesof more than twenty-six one hun-
dredths of an lQch in thickness, theends or heads of
the boilers only excepted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-two,
section thirty-nine, to strike out the word
''employed," after "boilers," and insert the
word "used;" and before the word "tribu-
taries," inline sixty-three, to strike out "the"
and insert "their;"so as to read :
And every such boiler used on stearoersnavi^at-
ing rivers flowing into the Gulf of Mexico, or their
tributaries, shall have not less than three inches
space between and around its internal flues, and the
feed-water shall be delivered into the boilers in
such manner as to prevent it from contracting the
metal, or otherwise injuring the boilers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
nine, line eighty-three, to insert the word'
"all," before "ship-joints."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty,
line ten, after the word "prescribed," to
strike out " or safe ; " in line twelve, to strike
out "such," before "persons," and after
"person," to insert the words "concerned
therein, directly or indirectly;" so as to make
the section read:
That if any person shall intentionally load or ob-
struct, or cause to be loaded or obstructed, in any
■way or manner, the safety-valve of a boiler, or shall
employ any other means or device whereby the
boiler may be subjected to a greater pressure than
the amount allowed by the certificate ol the inspect-
ors, or shall intentionally derange or hinder the
operation of any machinery or device employed to
denote the state of the water or steam 111 any boiler,
or to give warning of approaching danger, or shall
intentionally permit the water to fall below the pre-
scribed low-water line of the boiler, it shall, in any
such case, be a misdemeanor, and any and every
person concerned therein, directly or indirectly,
shall forfeit $200, and may, at the discretion or the
court, be, in addition thereto, imprisoned not ex-
ceeding five years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
one, line three, to strike out the word " ot"
and insert ''in;" and after the word " act,"
in line five, to strike out "with respect to
inspection, construction, or equipmentso as
to read:
That all steamers navigating the ocean, lakes,
bays, inlets, sounds, rivers, harbors, or other naviga-
ble waters in the United States, when such waters
are common highways of commerce, or open to gen-
eral or competitive navigation, shall be subject to
the provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
one, line eight, after the word "or," to insert
"vessels," and after "countries," to insert
"nor to boats propelled in whole or in part
by steam when navigating canals j" so as to
make the proviso read :
Provided, That the same shall not apply to pub-
lic vessels of the "United States or vessels of other
countries, nor to boats propelled m whole or in
part by steam when navigating canals.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
two, line ten, after the word "case," to insert
"both ;" in line eleven, after the word * 'he,'
to insert "and the owners of such steamer :
and in line fifteen, at the end ot the section,
to insert "or said owners so as to read:
Provided, That if the person in command shall,
after being so admonished by either of such omcers,
elcct to pursue sueh voyage, he may do the same;
but in Mich case both he and the owners oi
steamer shall be answerable lor all damages which
shall arise to the person of any pa&sen^cr, or his
baggage, from said ca uses in so pursuing the voyage,
and no degree of care or diligence shall in such ca^e
be held to justify or excuse the person m command
or said owners.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the Clerk to
read section forty-three of the bill. -1 have
an amendment to offer to that section.
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest to the Senator
that we pass over that section until the Senate
is fuller.
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir; I wish to
offer an amendment to it now.
The Chief Clerk read the section, as fol-
lows :
Sec. 43. That the provisions and limitations of
the act entitled "An act to limit the liability of
ship-owners, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1851, except the fourth section of sa.id
act, are hereby extended and applied to all vessels
required to be inspected by this act, and the owner
or owners, charterer or charterers, officers and
mariners thereof, and shall have the same force and
effect as to such vessels, owner or owners, charterer
or charterers, officers and mariners, respectively, us
such provisions and limitations now have as to the
ships or vessels, owner or owners, charterer or
charterers, officers and mariners, respectively, to
which or whom the said act now applies.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend that
section by striking out the words " except the
fourth section of said act." The object of the
amendment is this: as it is proposed to apply
the act whole of 1851, which is the general
act under the admiralty jurisdiction, to all
vessels and steamboats upon the lakes and
elsewhere, I desire that this section shall not
be exclusive. If the committee are willing to
accept the amendment, I shall say no more on
the subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. CORBETT. I doubt whether those
words ought to be stricken out, but I will not
object.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was in section forty-four, line one,
to strike out ''steamboat" and insert "steam
vessel;" in line seven, to strike out "steam-
bout" and insert " steain vessel."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
six, line one, aftertheword "barge" to strike
out the words " employed for."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
seven, line seven, after the word "show," to
insert " both ;" and in line eleven, to strike
out "stern" and insert " stem ;" so as to read:
One red light on the out-board side of the port
smoko-pipe, and one green light on the out-boaid
side of the starboard smoke-pipe, these lights to
shovy both forward and abe.nn on their respective
sides ; and steamers towing vessels of any kind or
rafts on said waters shall, in addition to tho signal-
lights already provided for, carry a white light at or
near the stem of the steamer, to show through an
angle of not less than ninety degrees, and at such
height above tho water that it may be plainly vis-
ible to approaching vessels, kc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
seven, in the clause relating to ferry-boats,
line fifty-eight, to insert the word "as" before
" will."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
seven, line sixty-one, to strike out " or" and
insert "nor;" so as to read, "all steamers
not carrying sail, nor rigged for carrying
sail " &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
seven, line seventy-one, to insert the word
" hand-power " belore "horse-power.'
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section
seven, line ninety-one, to strike out "a" and
insert "an" before the word "uniform.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
seven, in the clause in relation to steamers
not carrying sail, nor rigged for carrying sail,
line ninety-nine, to strike out the word "rig-
ging" and insert "rigged;" so as to read,
••shall not be construed to apply to other than
ocean-going steamers and steamers carrying
sail or rigged for carrying sail."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
seven, line one hundred and twenty-two, to
strike out "a" and insert "at" before
f f least''
'lhe 'PRESIDING OFFICER. This verbal
correction will i>e made.
The next amendment was in section forty-
seven. line one hundred and forty-two, in the
clause in relation to sailing vessels when nav-
igating rivers, &cM to strike out "and" and
insert 4kor;" and in line one hundred and.
forty-six, after the word "such," to insert
"vessels so as to make it read :
Sailing vessels, except when navigating rivers, or
when laden with hay, wood, or other hKo combusti-
ble articles on deck. shall. at all times,.00 the np-
pruach ot any steamer during 1110 ni^ht-time, show a
lighted torch, and Mich vessels when .so laden, and
such vessels when navigating rivers, shall show a
clear white light in a. I.intern not less than eight
inchois diameter, which toich 01 light, shall be ex-
hibited upon that point or quarter to which such
steamer shall be approaching.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
seven, under the heading of " log signals,"
in the clause in relation lo sailing vessels, or
steamers not having steam on, in line one
hundred and eighty, to insert the words "a
long blast of" after (he word "sound .so us
to read :
And all steamers navigating in a fog or thick
weather shall sound a long blast ol their.ste.un-
whistlo at intervals of not more thau-ono minute.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
eight, liny ten, after lhe word "dollars" to
insert the words ''and five dollars for each
passenger earned exceeding such number;"
so that the clause will read :
And for every violation ol this provision tho
master and owner, or cither ot th"in, shall bo liable
to a penalty not exceeding #100, and live dollars tor
each passener earned exceeding Mich number.
The amendment was agreed lo.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the iorty ninth section the following
proviso:
J'rovided, however, That a bond may, as prescribed
in other ease-*, he ven to seeui e tho sal, isl action ol
the judgment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was in section ftfy?
line live, to strike out the word ^unreason-
ably" before " refuse."
The amendment was agreed lo.
The next amendment was in section fiftv-
one, line seventeen, to si.tike out the word
''annual" and insert "annul."
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment, was in section fifty-
two, line live, alter the word "shall" to insert
"not," and in the same hne after the word
"he" to strike out the word "disapproved"
and insert ''approved;" so that clause will
read :
That all steamers shall be provided with mHi
nnmb'ir" of life-boats, floats, rafts, life-preservers,
drags, and pumps as aie required bv llle pi ovimouh
of this act. lint no kind of appliance-, lor the pi es-
ei v.ition of Jxie shall b«  used which !-bal) not bo
approved by the board of supervising inspector,
and the Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike nut, tho
proviso to the fifty-second section, in thelol-
lowitig words:
Prorid"/l. That any sueh appliance or instrument
additional to wh.it, is prescribed m this act «hall, be-
toie hems* -tdopted or ordered to be iwd by Mich
ve^eK he fully tested in notual piachee, on not ion
than three vessels,during a period ot six months, then
to be subniU'od to lhe super\mus m^nvto)s, then
tested b.v a bo.iulof officer- appointed by the heet c>( at v
of the JSravy, and b> him approved, as well as u\ 1110
Secretaiy ol the iiea.-iuy.
And to insert in in-u thereof:
Pmv.ch,:. Th.it any such nppli.jnuc or instrument
additional to what us proc.ibi'd in Ins ;
bclorii huini! ord.'i <-d i« '  > • 1 '«
vobffK tallv H'StwliluiHiif ■' pi'"1''' ol m\ llionlhh,
m such manner .is lit.) board.,! vlV"r 1Vteas'-
ors may presenbe ami ttiu buuicUu ol inc.
ury approve.
The amendmeut was agreed to.
