1654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
and not to fancies. 1 join with him in calling
the attention of the House to things and not
to theories; and I ask this House to remem-
ber that the gentleman from Massachusetts
now and heretofore has stood up in his place
here, as he will do henceforth, the open,
avowed, persistent advocate of taking from
the Treasury the money of the people, gathered
there by stern taxation year by year, to pay
bounties to the fishermen of his district. I call
attention to the fact that the gentleman from
Massachusetts insists upon a drawback of the
duty on salt, and on paying bounties of all
kinds to tbefishermen whom he represents, that
that important branch of American trade and
of American commerce may be maintained.
His constituents cannot catch cod without
putting their hands into the Treasury and re-
ceiving bounties. They cannot haul in haddock
without bounties. They cannot manipulate
mackerel without bounties; and yet he opposes
this "additional subsidy," as he calls it, to
encourage trade between our nation and the
most populous countries of the Old World.
Now, I deal in facts and not fancies when I
say that my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
man,] my colleague on the Committee on
Commerce, who opposes this amendment and
asks us to deal in things and not in theories,
stands up before the Committee on Com-
merce and with all his energy and all his
eloquence insists that we shall pay out of the
Treasury in cash, from the taxes oi'the people,
over $500,000 a year to protect and promote
the commerce of the Ohio river, which runs
along tlie borders of his State. The difference
is that that is the commerce of Indiana, and
not of India.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not that benefit the
whole people?
Mr. CONGEK. It benefits the southern
portion of Indiana. And I say to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Urebs] that he favors
immense appropriations of cash from the
Treasury wrung from the pockets of a reluc-
tant people, as he says, for the improvement
of the Ohio river, because the Ohio circles
around "Egypt;" not the "Egypt" of an-
tiquity, but the .Egypt which is adorned by
the residence of my friend from Illinois.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Two amendments are
pending upon which debate has been ex-
hausted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will withdraw my
amendment, if some gentleman will renew it.
Mr. HEREFORD. I renew the amend-
ment. I was very much astonished on yester-
day, after having been accustomed since I
have been a member of this body to listen to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Dawes,] and the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Gar-
Field, ^ as day after day they rose in their
places and deplored the extravagant expend-
itures which this Congress was making and
imploring us to stop—I was very much aston-
ished to hear those very gentlemen, the day
after such an appeal had been made by them
to us, raise their voices here in a demand that
we shall give away an additional §500,000
yearly to this steamship line. I say " to give
away," for it is nothing in the world but a
donation, and a donation to an already rich
and inflated corporation which has for the last
fifteen or twenty years received millions and
millions of dollars from this Government.
This same corporation has already received
at the hands of this Government $2,500,000
for this very service.
The other day, when there was a proposition
before this House to give to the Central Pacific
Railroad Company one half of Goat Island in
the harbor of San Francisco, upon what ground
was the demand based ? It was demanded for
the benefit of commerce. When the two Pacific
railroads were first inaugurated, the demand
for aid from this Government to them was
made in behalf of commerce. We have already
given to those two Pacific railroads more than
sixty million dollars and over twenty mil-
lion acres of land, all for commerce, to build
up and open a trade with China and Japan.
To-day we have a demand made upon us for
the same purpose. To-day we are paying on
those Pacific railroad bonds, for the benefit
of commerce, to open up a trade with China
and Japan, over three million dollars per an-
num, and now we are asked to give $1,000,000
annually to this steamship company, and for
the same purpose.
Gentlemen seem to have forgotten that we
have a country at home. The gentlemen from
the great West, the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Conger,] who but a moment ago was
upon this floor, and others from the great
West who represent here States in whose cribs
and barns their wheat and corn to-day are
rotting because they cannot be taken to mar-
ket, those men want to give millions and
millions of dollars to enable the Chinese and
the Japanese to get their teas into our mar-
kets. I say to you, gentlemen of the great
West, that when you return to your homes
where your corn and wheat are rotting, your
constituents will ask you if you have forgot-
ten that you have a country at home. They
will tell the gentlemen of the Committee on
Commerce, who the other day said to us that
they had determined to cut down the appro-
priations asked for the improvement of their
rivers and harbors by $7,000,000, that it is
far better for them to have their own rivers
and their own harbors improved, so that they
can get their own corn and wheat to market,
instead of giving millions of dollars to get the
tea of China and Japan to market.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. The experience of the
world in the regulation of commerce is worthy
the consideration of the American Congress.
The amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] simply proposes that there
shall be no additional aid given to .this steam-
ship company, but that under the contract
now existing between them, and this Govern-
ment they shall be allowed, if they want more
ships, to buy them in foreign markets. I will
not speak of the considerations to which such
a proposition as that may give rise in the
minds of gentlemen who think that the ship-
building interest of this country ought to have
consideration at our hands ; but 1 call atten-
tion to the fact that in the English markets, in
the English dock-yards, where ships can be
bought most cheaply of any part of the world,
we must go and buy our ships for this purpose ;
yet English lines buy thoseships there athome,
and are unable to sustain this commerce with-
out direct subsidies fiom the English treasury.
These subsidies are ample, and run on from
year to year. I have already called attention
to the ease of the Oriental and Peninsula line,
subsidized by England to the amount of
$2,500,000 per annum. The contract which
was originally made in 1845 was renewed in
1870, and does not expire until 1880. Yet the
owners of the Peninsula line can go into the
English market and buy their ships there.
Consequently, the amendment of the gentle-
man is not adequate, provided this line is to
be sustained, provided the service is to be
increased. It simply cuts the throat of the
proposition.
Now, says the gentleman from Illinois; [Mr.
Crebs,] why should we give this attention to
the interests of commerce? Why should we
endeavor to keep ships at sea by subsidies
from the Treasury? He says that if the prop-
osition were one to expend a few hundred
thousand dollars for agricultural implements,
or any thing of that kind for the benefit of
agriculture, it would receive no countenance
from us who press this measure. Does not
the gentleman know that this very year we
have appropriated $300,000 for the benefit of
agriculture alone? Does ho not know that
we print at an expense of $125,000 annually
the agricultural report for the benefit of his
constituents and those of other gentlemen from
agricultural districts? Does he not know that
we expend annually from forty to one hundred
thousand dollars for the purchase of seeds to
send out free to the agriculturists of the
country? Do we not maintain at great yearly
expense the Agricultural Department?
Mr. CREBS. What is $150,000, or even
$300,000, for the whole agricultural interests
compared with the large amount to be ex-
pended for the benefit of this steamship line?
Mr. SARGENT. If the amount expended
for the advancement of agriculture is not suf-
ficient, let the gentleman say so. It cannot
be argued that we are doing nothing for agri-
culture when we are expending every year
$300,000 to answer the demands in that direc-
tion, and when we exempt from all taxation
every agricultural implement and production.
Let me say further that this line gives an
outlet to that wheat and that corn which gen-
tlemen say has no market. To the East there
go out hundreds of thousands of barrels of
flour; there go out large quantities of onr
breadstuffs to the people of China, whose
demands in this direction are constantly
increasing.
Mr. CREBS. Will the gentleman say that
it is the subsidy to this steamship company
which takes out that flour? Is it not the de-
mand abroad?
Mr. SARGENT. I say it could not go out
without the facilities of commerce. It could
not of course float across the ocean itself;
there must be modes of communication. You
cannot send messages by lightning without
telegraph wires.
Mr. WOOD. All that there was a demand
for went out upon sailing vessels before this
line was established.
Mr. SARGENT. Perhaps; but the com-
merce has increased. Greater facilities make
greater demands. When this line was estab-
lished the export commerce of the port of
San Francisco alone, with which I am most
familiar, amounted to almost nothing to China
and Japan. It has increased by the million
dollars' worth, and it is increasing every year.
What are the elements of this commerce ?
Why, sir, these very agricultural productions
of which gentleman speak, and our manufac-
tured articles of every kind. Yet gentlemen
from the Mississippi valley talk against a
measure like this which will give an outlet to
the cotton that will be raised and manufactured
in that great valley in time to come.
With the present increase of the consump-
tion of cotton in China and Japan there will
be within twenty years more cotton exported
to those countries in a manufactured state
than is now exported by us to England in a raw
condition. Gentlemen from the Mississippi
valley talk against a measure like this, when
it gives a grand outlet to their agricultural
products. Gentlemen from manufacturing
States say, "We are opposed to this project
because it takes money out of the Treasury."
Yet it is shown that this makes an outlet
for their manufactured goods of all descrip-
tions. There is scarcely an article which we
manufacture that has not been brought to the
notice of those people, and they are beginning
to use them. A few yards of domesiics each
to six hundred millions of people make an
enormous trade. There is a vast market for
our coal-oil, our cotton and iron fabrics,
our breadstuffs, our useful inventions. This
is America's supreme moment. To throw it
away is folly, is a shame. We shall bring
down on our country the heavy curse of
neglected opportunity. Shall we have this
trade for our people, shall it be done in
American bottoms built by American ship-
wrights, or shall we wait supinely while Eng-
land snatches it from our grasp?
One remark further. Gentlemen talk about
wringing from the people their hard earnings
in the way of taxation. Sir, it is demonstrated
