4 m
THE OONGEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
June 7,
The&ctof 1837 is inconsistent with.it, and is there- I
fore repealed by it. If the original investment had j
been made after the passage of the law, there would
probably be no doubt of its'application. Does it
make any difference that the original investment
was before the act, but the actual investment was
made after the act, but out of funds arising from a
sale of stocks, gold after the passage of the act? I
think not. The trustee misapprehended his powers
and invested in stocks which the law prohibited him
investing in, and a loss has resulted therefrom. It
may have been difficult for him to procure at tfcat
time the class of bonds the law required. If so, it
was his duty to withhold the investment until such
time as the proper stocks could be procured, or until
he was otherwise directed by Congress, It seems to
me that the loss should fall upon the United States
and not upon its wards.
Second. As to the application of the $69,956 29 for
general purposes:
These twenty sections were set apart for the bene-
fit of the orphans. The adults of tho tribe received
compensation for their interests. The orphans were
not then in a condition to rcceivetheir share. Thoir
claim is now an inuivduai one and I do not under-
stand how money belonging to individuals can be
taken and expended far general purposes of the tribe.
The obvious mode would have been to have taken
the motley* of the tribe and used them for the gen-
eral purposes of the tribe. The purposes for which
these moneys were spent were mostly educational,
such as building school-houses and supporting
schools for the tribe. This may have been beneficial
to the orphan*, or rather to some of their heirs, lor
the orphans of 1832 would not be likely to be in
school Between 1850 and 1861.
The Secietary ot tho Interior is not a tru.steo of
the Indians in such a sense as to bo authorized to
spend their money for their benefit without express
provision of law. Ho hits no discretion. Ho must
be directed by Congress. It ma* give him discrim-
inating power, but it did not do it in tho case of the
Creek orphans. I think their money was improperly
expended, and should be returned to them.
Third. As to the application of the money for the
Support of the loyal refugee*:
The only ground for making this Application of
the orphan fund is found in the appropriation acts
of July 5,1862, (i'2Statutcs, 528.) March 3,1803, (Stat-
utes, 793.) June #>, 1861, (l«* Statutes, 180.) and the
joint resolution of .February 22,1862, (12 Statutes,
614.)
Tho first provides:
"That all appropriations heretofore or hereafter
mnde to curry into effect treaty stipulations, or oth-
erwise, ir* behalf of any tribe or tribes ot Indians, all
or any portion of whom shall be in n state of actual
hostility to the Government of the United States,
including the Cherokee*, Creeks, Choetnws, Chioka-
saws, Seminoles,Wichitas, and other affiliated tribes,
luny and shall be suspended and postponed wholly
or in part at and during the discretion and pleasure
Of the President: Provided further, That the Presi-
dent is authorised tuexpeud such part of the amount
heretofore appropriated and not expended and here-
inbefore appropriated for the benefit of the tribes
named in the preceding Proviso as ho may deem
necessary, for thereliet and supportot such individ-
ual members ofsaid tribes as have been dtiven from
their homes and reduced to wanton account of their
friendship to tho Government."
( The nets of March 3,1863, and June 2o, 1804, are
substantially like that of July 5, 1862.)
This provision is a summary one. It purports,
without a hearing, trial, or " day in court," to dis-
i>osu of certain funds belonging to ceitain Indians.
'X should certainly receiveft strict construction, mid
no funds should be confiscated uuder it unless they
come clearly within the letter of tho act. Looking
to the letter, it will be seen that the Creek orphan
fund is not included. Tho language is, " all ap-
propriations heretofore or hereafter made." Ac.
Thu term "appropriation " is well understood.
It signifies such portions of the public moneys as
have been set apart by Congress lor some particu-
lar object. It does not include moneys that have
never been the pioprrty ot the Government. Tins
orphans' fund never was the property ot the Gov-
ernment, and Congress never had, prior to the date
of the act now under consideration, made any appro-
priation for it. The Piesidont was the party who
controlled the fund, and uiiected when and how it
should be paid. Uut it was to bo not only "all
appropriations/' hut only such appropriation** as
had been made or should be made " in behalf of any
tribe or tribes of Indians, all or any portion ot whom
shall be in a state ot actual hostility to the Govern-
ment of the United St.lies." It was a fund that
belonged to the tribe that, was condemned—not a
fund that Oelooged to individuals of the tribe. Thirf
orphan land belonged to individuals, and perhaps
to those who were wholly innocent of any participa-
tion in the rebellion.
It may well be doubted whether Congress had
power to confiscate individual property without
invoking the action of the courts, and ic should not
be held that it had undertaken to do an act so
doubtful asto its legality unless the language is so
plain as to leave no other reasonable construction.
The joint resolution ot February 22,1802, is in these
words:
" That the Secretary of the Interior be authorized
to pay, out ol the annuities payable to tne Semi-
noles, Creeks, Cnoctaws, and Chickasaws, and which
have not Oeen p.nu in consequence ot the cessation
ot intercourse with tnoso tribes, so much of the same
as may be necessary to be applied to the reltei of
such portions of said tribes as have remained loyal
to the United States, and have been or may be
dmenfrom their homes in the Indian territory, into
the State ot Kansas or elsewhere."
" Here it is the aunuiiies that are authorized to bo
paid out, the yearly allowances that have been ap-
propiiated by Congress, and those that are 'pay-
able to the Creeks/ and other tribes therein named.
This iund is in no sense an annuity, and it is not one
'payable to the Creeks.' It is payable to individ-
uals ot the CreekH.
I fail to find authority in the acts referred to for
expending this orphan fund in the support of loyal
refugees. The treaty of June 14, 1866,(14 Statutes,
765,) has sometime* been referred to as releasing the
United States from all liability for this fund.
Ido not so interpret that treaty. The eleventh
artielc provides that " the stipulations of this treaty
are to be a full settlement of all claims otsaid Creek
nation for damages and losses of every kind growing
out of the late rebellion, and all expenditures by the
United States of annuities in clothing and feeding
refugees and destitute Indians since the diversion of
annuities for that purpose, consequent upon thelate
war with the so-called confcdcrato States, and the
Creeks hereby ratify and confirm all such diversions
of annuities heretofore made from the funds of tho
Creek nation by the Uuited Stated, and the United
States agree that no annuities shall be diverted
from the objects for which they were originally de-
voted by treaty stipulations with the Creeks to the
use of refugees and destitute Indians other than tho
Creeks or members of the Creek nation,, alter the
close of the present fiscal year, J aue 30,1866."
The release here made is ot all claims of said
Creek nation '*for losses and damages of every kind
growing out of the late rebellion, and all expendi-
tures by tho United States ot annuities m clothing
and feeding refugees and destitute Indians." It
does not include all claims of the individuals of
said nation uor expenditures ol the individual funds
belonging to individual members of j aid nation—
the Creek orphan fund. That, as I have betore
attempted to show, is not an aunuity.
Tins view is strengthened by reference to the
sixth article of the treaty. That did purport to dis-
pose of this orphan fund, but the Senate struck out
the entire article.
If it had been the intention of the parties to this
treaty to release individual claims, it is to bo pre-
sumed that they would have used apt words to indi-
catesuch intention. This Creek nation understand
tho use of the English language. In tho faith article
of their treaty of August 7, 1856, (11 Statutes. 699.)
they released and discharged the United States
" from all other chinos and demands whatsoever
which the Creek nation or any individuals thereof
may now have against the Uuited States;" but they
were careful to except out of its provisions "the tuna
created aud hold iu trust lor Creek orphans under
the second article of tho treaty of March 24,1832."
I think they would lntve been equally carelul to
have excepted the orphan fund from the operation
of the treaty of 1866, it they had supposed it could be
construed to cover individual claims
For fear there might be some question about
their right to insist upon treaty stipulations having
been forioited by their action during the rebellion,
they were careful to provide iu the twelfth article
of this treaty that the United Statoashould reaffirm
aud roussumo all obligations of treaty stipulations
with the Cieek nation entered into before the treaty
of said Creek nation with the so-called confederate
States, July 10, 1861, nounoonsiatont therewith.
My conclusion is that this orphan fund, was not
released, and that (he same is a subsisting legal
liability against the United States to its full amount,
diminished only by tne two payments that have been
made to the orphans.
Fourth. As to the difference between coin and
Treasury notes:
This claim was made while the decision of the
Supremo Court in ihe ease of Hepburn vs. Griswold
wiisin lull force. Sineethureversul of lhatcuse, aud
the decision of tho Supreme Court in a case not yet
reponed, 1 suppose it will not be seriously con-
tended that tho orphans are entitled to be paid in
coin. Tliey certainly are not as the law now stands.
I recommend that, when the President shall direct
the payment to be made, Congress be requesied to
make <m appropriation foi the benefit of tue Creek
orphans that shall cover tho entire amount lound
due them upon the principles herein set forth, the
United States to take tho bonds now on hand and
allow theroior their par value and annual interest
on the same, not exceeding five percent.
Very respectfully,
W. H. SMITH,
A&aivtant Attorney General,
Hon. C. Delano, Secretary of the Interior,
Mr. STJ&VKNSON. Thus the Senate see
that the fact that this is the amount due the
Creek fund has been sustained by the letter of
the Secretary of the Interior and by the very
elaboia^e opinion of the Assistant Attorney
General. Ine obligation ot the United States
as a trustee is ot the most sacred character,
because n grows out ot the treaty of 1862.
The Greek nation had been provided for and
fully paid j aud the United States could not,
theiefoie, having accepted this trust, take one
iota from that sacred trust fund of individual
orphans aud appropriate it to either the debts
of refugees of the nation or for any general
purposes of the nation. To do so would be
an act of the grossest injustice. It would be
to add to the nation who had already received
their pay and to detract from these oiphans
who had this little money reserved to them in
this treaty. This fund amounted to some
$244,000, out of which the United States, as
the Assistant Attorney General says, took
$69,950, which it applied for the general pur-
poses of the nation, and $106,000 which it ap-
plied to the refugees. Both of these appro-
priations were illegal as against these orphans,
and the United States is bound to make that
fund good. The balance of this sum is for
money about which there is no dispute, being
the remainder of the investment arising from
the sale of the twenty sections of laud sold
and invested by the President.
It is objected, as I understand, that the
treaty of 1806, as assumed by the Senator
from California, took away this fund. That,
I think, is not so. It is true that the sixth
article of the treaty of 1866 did allude to this
fund in the following words :
"Article VI. Inasmuch as tliebonds,or a portion
thereof, in which the Creek orphan fund ha«  been
heretofore invested Irom cert&m causes have largely
depreciated in value, and are for the purposes for
which said fund was set aside unproductive, it is
hereby further stipulated that such of the bonds
now held by tho Secretary of the Interior, in trust
for tho orphans of the Creek nation, as may be ne-
cessary to establish a manual-labor school for the
improvement and education of the orphan children
of said nation shall be disposed of, and the avails
thereof used for that purpose, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior. The residue of
said fund shall be retained in the Treasury of the
United States, upon which interest at the rate of
five percent, shall annually be paid for the mainte-
nance and support ot said school."
Here is an acknowledgment by the Senate
of the validity of this trust fund under this
treaty ol 1832. When that sixth article came to
be acted upon in this tieatyit was disagreed to :
"In Executive Session,
Senate of the United Status,
July 19, 186b.
" Resolved, (two thirds of the Senators presewtcon-
curring), That the Senate advise and consent to the
ratification of the treaty of cession and indemnity
coneluded at thecity of Washington on the 14th day
ol June, 1866, by and between the United States,
represented by their'comniissioners, and the Creek
nation of Indians, with the lollowing amendments
'**«**«****#
"3. Strike out all of Article VI."
That left the fund recognized, untouched ;
and yet, in spite of all that, and in absolute
violation of the obligation of ihe Government
to keep this trust fund intact, as decided by
the opinion of the Assistant Attorney General,
you took this fund of the orphans aud applied
it to ihe nation that had already been paid,
thereby detracting from this little trust fund
which was due to the oiphans.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ram-
sey in the chair.) The Senator's time has
expired.
Mr. FRELINGHCJYSEN. I stated to my
friend from Vermont that 1 should, when this
subject was open, give him the reasons why I
voted for this report. The question which the
Senaior started presented itself to my mind
whether the Government of the United States
was not absolved from its liability to pay this
fund by reason of the disloyalty and war of
this tribe. The information which 1 gathered
on that subject was this : that Albert Pike was
appointed by PresidentLincoln superintendent
of this tribe and went there and persuaded a
minority of the tribe, by the influence which
his position gave him, coming from Mr. Lin-
coln, to enter into a treaty with the confederacy ;
that the head chief of the tribe refused, how*
eVer, to execute the treaty, and that a majority
of the tribe fought their way into Kansas, hav-
ing a number of desperate battles with the
rebels. Therefore, in the first pla^e, I did not
think it could in fact be said that this tribe had
been at war with the United States.
But, Air. President, even if this tribe had
been at war with the United Stales, I think
we should still be«bound to pay this fund. I
