706
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 8,
42D CON9....2D Sess.
Laws of the United Slates.
For contingent expenses of his office, viz :
for stationery, postage, advertising, travelling
expenses, horses and wagons, and miscel-
laneous items, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the public printing, six hundred and
fifty-five thousand four hundred and sixty-six
dollar's and tlnrty-six cents.
For paper for the public printing, seven
bundled and nine thousand one hundred and
twenty-eight dollars.
For the public binding, five hundred and
fifty two thousand four hundred and thirty-
five dollars aud fifty-eight cents.
For lithographing, engraving, mapping
copies of maps, plans, and diagrams in fac-
simile on tracing-linen, and photo-lithograph-
ing plates for Patent Office illustrations, sev-
enty-five thousand dollars.
Library of Congress.
For compensation of the Librarian, four
thousand dollars ; and for fourteen assistant
librarians, three at two thousand five hundred
dollars each, two at one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars each, one at one thousand six hun-
dred dollars, two atone thousand four hundred
and forty dollars each, three at one thousand
two hundred dollars each, two atone thousand
dollars each, and one at nine hundred and
sixty dollars per annum ; in all, twenty-six
thousand one hundred and forty dollars.
For purchase of books for the Library, eight
thousand dollars; for purchase of law books
for the Library, two thousand dollars; for
purchase of files of periodicals and newspa-
pers, one thousand five hundred dollars ; for
expenses of exchanging public documents for
the publications of foreign Governments, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Library,
two thousand dollars.
For Botanic Garden, grading, draining, pro-
curing manure, tools, fuel, and repairs, and
purchasing trees and shrubs, under the direc-
tion of the Library Committee of Congress,
five thousand dollars.
For pay of superintendent and assistant in
Botanic Garden and green-houses, and two
additional laborers, under the direction of the
Library Committee of Congress, twelve thou-
sand one hundred aud forty-six dollars.
Public Buildings and Grounds.
For clerk in the office of public buildings
and grounds, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For messenger in the same office, eight hun-
dred and forty dollars. -
For compensation to the public gardener,
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation to the laborer in charge
of the water-closets in the Capitol, seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of a foreman and labor-
ers employed in the public ground", nineteen
thousand two hundred and ninety six dollars.
For compensation, of four laborers in the
Capitol, two thousand eight hundred and
eighty dollais.
For compensation of furnace-keeper, in
charge of heating apparatus under the old
Hall of the House of Representatives, eight
hundred aud sixty four dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper at the
President's House, seven huudred and twenty
dollars.
For two policemen at the President's House,
two thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
Fur compensation of two night-watchmen
at ihe President's House, one thousand eight,
bundled dol'ars.
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the
President's House, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For assistant doorkeeper, one thousand and
eighty dollars.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at
the bridge across the eastern branch of the
Potomac, and tor fuel, oil, and lamps, one
thousand six hundred dollars.
For watchman in Franklin square, seven
hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the person in charge
of the healing apparatus ot the Library of
Congress, and other steam-heating apparatus
m the eenlial building, eight hundred and
sixty-four dollars.
For electrician for the Capitol, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of five watchmen in res-
ervation number two, three thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
For watchman at Lincoln square, five hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For watchman at Lafayette square, seven
hundred and twenty dollars.
For watchman for circle at intersection of
Pennsylvania avenue and Twenty-fourth street,
five hundred and forty dollars.
For watchman for circle at intersection of
Massachusetts and Vermont avenues, five hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For contingent and incidental expenses,
two thousand dollars.
EXECUTIVE.
For compensation of the President of the
United States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Vice President of
the United States, eight thousand dollars.
"For compensation of secreiary to sign
patents for public lauds, one thousand five
tin mired dollars.
For compensation to Private Secretary,
three thousand five hundred dollars ; assist-
ant secretary (who shall be a short-hand
wiiter), two thousand five hundred dollars;
two executive cleiks at two thousand three
hundred dollars each, steward at two thou-
sand dollars, and messenger at one thousand
two hundred dollars, of the President of the
United States ; in all, thirteen thousand eight
huudred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the executive
office, including stationery therefor, four thou-
sand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF STATE.
For compensation of the Secretary of State,
eight thousand dollars ; two Assistant Secre-
taries of State, at three thousand five hundred
dollars each ; for chief elerk, two thousand two
hundred dollars; ten clerks of class four, addi-
tional compensation to one eleik of class four
as disbursing clerk, nine clerks of class three,
three clerks of class two, eight clerks of class
one, one messenger, one assistant messenger,
nine laborers, and four watchmen; in all,
seventy-four thousand five hundred and twenty
dollars.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form,
twelve thousand dollars ; and in newspapers,
fifty thousand dollars: Provided, That after
the fourth day of March, eighteen hundred and
seventy-fiye, the publication of the laws in
newspapers shall cease.
For proof-reading, and packing the laws and
documents for the various legations and con-
sulates, including boxes and transportation
of the same, three thousand dollars; for sta-
tionery, furniture, fixtures, and repairs, five
thousand dollars; for books and maps, two
thousand five huudred dollars; for extra clerk
hire and copying, four thousand dollars ; for
contingent expenses, viz: rent, fuel, lights,
repairs, and miscellaneous expense^ thirty-
two thousand five hundred dollars; in all, forty-
seveu thousand dollars.
United Slates and Mexican Claims Commis-
sion.
For compensation of the commissioner on
the part of the United States, four thousand
five hundred dollars ; for compensation of um-
pire, three thousand dollars; for agent, four
thousand dollars; for secretary, two thousand
five hundred dollars ; for legal assistant to
agent, three thousand dollars; for two clerks,
at one thousand four hundred dollars eaeh ; for
two translators, at one thousand five hundred
dollars each ; for one messenger, six huudred
dollars; for (jne assistant messenger, three hun-
dred dollars; for contingent expenses, five
thousand dollars ; in all, twenty-eight thousand
seven hundred dollars.
United States and Spanish Commission.
For the compensation and expenses of the
commission for determining the pending
questions between the United States and
Spain growing out of the acts of the Spanish
officials in and about Cuba, fifteen thousand
dollars.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Seoretary of the
Treasury, eight thousand dollars; two Assist-
ant Secretaries of the Treasury, at three thou-
sand five hundred dollars each ; chief clerk,
two thousand two hundred dollars, and three
hundred dollars additional for acting is super-
intendent of the building; forty-nine clerks
of class four, additional compensation of two
hundred dollars to one clerk of class four as
disbursing clerk, thirty clerks of class three,
twenty-six clerks of class two, twenty-seven
clerks of class one ; tliirty-two female clerks,
at nine huudred dollars each ; eleven messen-
gers, one assistant messenger, and ten labor-
ers ; one clerk of class four and one clerk of
class one, to assist the chief clerk in superin-
[tenjding the building; one captain of the
watch', one thousand four hundred dollars;
one engineer, one thousand four hundred
dollars; one machinist and gas fitter, one
thousand two hundred dollars; one store-
keeper, one thousand four hundred dollars;
sixty watchmen, at seven hundred and twenty
dollars each, and two of said watchmen,
acting as lieutenants of watchmen, two hun-
dred and eighty dollars each, in addition ;
thirty laborers, at seven hundred and twenty
dollars each; five firemen, at six hunuted
dollars each ; ninety charwomen, at one hun-
dred and eighty dollars each ; in all, three hun-
dred and sixty one thousand six hundred and
twenty dollars ; and for additional clerks and
additional compensation to clerks in his office,
twenty-two thousand five hundred dollars.
Supervising Architect.
In the construction branch of the Treasury:
for supervising architect, three thou-and dol-
lars ; assistant suptriMngarcbiteet, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars; chief clerk, two
thousand dollars; photographer, two thousand
five hundred dollars; two assistant photog-
raphers, one at one thousand six hundred
dollars, and one at one thousand two huudred
dollars; two cleiks of class four, four cLrks
of class three, three clerks of class one, and
one messenger; in all, twenty-seven thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
First Comptroller of the Treasury.
For First Comptroller of the Treasury, five
thousand dollars; chief clerk, two thousand
dollars ; ten clerks of clas-s four, twelve clerks
of class three, twelve clerks of class two, six
clerks of class one ; six copyists, at nine bun-
dled dollars each ; one messenger, one assist-
ant messenger, and three laborers; in all,
seventy-seven thousand three hundred and
twenty dollars.
Second Comptroller of the Treasury.
For Second Comptroller of the Treasury,
three thousand dollars; chief clerk, two thou-
sand dollars; twelve clerks of class four,
twenty clerks of class three, twenty eight
