1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
bill; but the difficulties all removed, the dis-
abilities all swept away, Jefferson Davis and
his compeers the equal of General Grant or
General Sherman or any other man in the
land, and I liavn no expectation of witness-
ing any such indulgence for the sentiments of
northern men,
Mr. President, I cannot forbear to express
roy regiet at (he course the debate upon this
civil rights amendment has taken. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts yesterday read letters
from several colored citizens, and one of them,
at, least, declares in substance that unless this
amendment shall ba passed the colored peo-
ple of the country are not disposed any longer
to stand by the President of the United States.
This, a mere letter from some citizen, colored
or not colored, would have no particular sig-
nificance ; but it has the quasi indorsement of
the Senator from Massachusetts when ho reads
it here from his place in the Senate. I do not
believe that the colored people of this country
are so lacking in intelligence as to be at all
disposed, even if this amendment should not
pass in the precise form in which it is pro-
posed, to entertain any unkind feeling toward
the President of the United States, or to turn
their backs upon the only party in the country
that has given them a single right.
It kappens, sir, that this country is divided
at present, and will be for many years to come,
into two great parties, the Republican party,
and the Democratic party. All attempts of
disaffected Republicans to organize an inter-
mediate party will result in nothing. All such
malcontents are between the upper and nether
millstone in poliiics, and will be ground to
powder. It is as well settled now as any prop-
osition can be which is yet to be verified that
General Grant will be the Republican nominee
for the Presidency. Does any man suppose
that the colored people of this country are
so ignorant, so blind to their own interests,
that, if this particular amendment should
not pass, they would throw themselves into
the aims of the Democratic party, who by
their ablest representatives on this floor have
openly announced that they will not support
this amnesty bill if that provision shall be
ingrafted upon it?
I cornc now to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Massachusetts. While I
agree to its principle, and shall vote for its
substance, there are some particulars in it
which 1 think I cannot support. I disagree
with the Senator from Massachusetts with
great hesitancy, because on this subject, to
which he has devoted so much time and atten-
tion, I should certainly very greatly defer to
him. At the same time I am here under the
responsibility of an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and I must act
upon my own judgment. My light may be
darkness to others, but it is the only guide I
have. It is provided in this amendment—
That no citizen of the United States shall, by
reason of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude, be excepted or excluded from the full and
equal enjoyment of any accommodation, advan-
tage, facility, or privilege furnished by innkeepers,
***■>■ by trustees and officers of church
organizations, cemetery associations, and benevo-
lent institutions incorporated by national or State
authority.
While I do not positively assert that such a
provision would be held unconstitutional by
the judicial courts, yet it cannot escape the
most casual observation that it is trenching
upon doubtful and therefore dangerous ground.
'J he very first amendment that was made to
the Constitution of the United States, one of
those adopted soon after the Government went
into operation, to allay the fears which were
entertained that the powers already conferred
upon Congress wore so overwhelming that the
Government would become a despotism—that
very first provision, preeminent in consequence,
and placed first in the list of safeguards, is:
"Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-
lishment of religion, or prohibiting the tree exercise
thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech or of
the press; or the right of the people peaceably to
assemble, and to petition the Government for a
redress of grievances."
It may be said that that provision was di-
rected against, the establishment, of a partic-
ular faith to the prejudice or exclusion of
others, and that an act, which does not give
preference to any particular faith, or advan-
tage to one sect which is not conferred upon
another, but which lays its hand equally upon
all and compels all to observe its precepts,
does not fall within the principle of that con-
stitutional provision. Without discussing very
minutely whether -it does or does not violate
the letter of the Constitution, I think it is in
violation of the spirit of the Constitution in
that it disregards the opinions and the motives
of those who framed the Constitution, and is
in conflict with what they believed they had
secured. I will not read at length, but will
refer to one section of Story on the Constitu-
tion—section eighteen hundred and seventy-
nine. After noticing the persecutions of Chris-
tians in early days, and the persecution of one
sect by another in this country, he adds :
"It was under a solemn consciousness of the dan-
gers from ecclesiastical ambition, the bigotry of
spiritual pride, and the intolerance of sects, thus
exemplified in our domestic, as well as in foreign
annals, that it was deemed advisable to exclude
from the national Governmental! power to act upon
the subject. The situation, too, of the different
States equally proclaimed the policy, as well as the
necessity ofsueh an exclusion. In souieof theStates
Episcopalians constituted the predominant sect; in
others, Presbyterians; in others, Congregationalism;
in others, Quakers; and in others again, there was a
close numerical rivalry among contending sects. It
was impossible that there should not arise perpetual
strife and perpetual jealousy on the subject ot eccle-
siastical ascendency if the national Government
were left free to create a religious establishment.
The only security was in extirpating the power. But
this alone would have been an imperfect security if
it had not been followed up by a, declaration of the
right of the free exercise of religion, and a prohi-
bition (as we have seen) of ail religious tests. Thus,
the whole power over the subject of religion is left
exclusively to the State governments, to be acted
upon according to their own sense of justice, and
the State constitutions; and the Catholic and the
Protestant, the Calvinist and the Armenian, the
Jew and the Infidel, may sit down at the common
table of the national councils, without any inquisi-
tion into tbeir faith or mode of worship."—Story on
the Constitution, vol. 2, p. 596.
Referring to the debates in the Convention
on that subject, and to the Federalist, and to
the political literature of that day, it cannot
be doubted that they whro framed the Consti-
tution of the United States intended to, and
thought they had, carefully excluded the whole
subject of religion from Federal control or
interference. Now, suppose that a sect should
organize upon the Democratic theory that no
colored person had a soul, or was under moral
responsibility, and therefore had no right to
be admitted to the sacrament of the Lord's
supper; an organization founded upon such
absurd theory might be called, and it might
be, if the men were foolish enough honestly
to entertain such views, a religious organiza-
tion ; and yet this act comes down upon them
and forces them, if they are incorporated,
to admit persons without regard to color to
all the accommodations of the church, and,
of course, without going into details on the
subject, which can hardly be stated in becom-
ing language, it is manifest, I think, that this
act compels them to admit every colored per-
son to all the rites, ceremonies, and sacra-
ments of such organization.
Without pushing further the inquiry as to
the constitutionality of this provision, it may
safely be asserted that it is of doubtful valid-
ity : and then another question arises: what
benefit is to result from the passage of this act
to compensate for the exeieise ot a doubtful
power? Why, sir, I do not believe the colored
people of this country would thank us for pass-
ing such a law. It applies, ot course, as well
to their churches as it does to those of the
whites. They cannot have a church ot their
own. If they organize a church and desire to
keep it exclusively for their own race, this act
forbids them to exclude any man on account
of color or want of color.
I can even understand how such a provision
may be made the means of breaking tip reli-
gious services among the colored people in some
portions of the South where there is an un-
friendly feeling toward them. They may have
their churches open only to colored people,
and as long as they preserve the peace ibey
are protected by law in that exclusive worship;
but if any white mail, no matter what may be
his mischievous purposes and intentions, may
go into such churches, I can understand how
that would furnish an opportunity for evil-dis-
posed persons to break up the religious ser-
vices of the colored people, and thus inflict
upon them a great injury.
Iam not speaking from an impulse of pre-
judice. I could worship beside those of dif-
ferent nationalities, and with men of color.
One of the most impressive scenes I ever wit-
nessed—one that made a lasting impression
upon my mind—I recall in this connection.
The first time I ever left my New England
home, while a mere lad, I was in Montreal;
and on a bright Sabbath morning, without
knowing whither I was going, I fell in with
the moving crowd, and found myself in the
Catholic cathedral of that city, capable of
holding several thousands. There 1 found a
vast multitude of worshipers. There was the
governor general of the province, with high
officers of State, mingling indiscriminately
with the people. There were officers high in
military rank and private soldiers, naval offi-
cers of distinction and common sailors. There
were Englishmen, Frenchmen, Spaniards, Ital-
ians, negroes, and Indians. No special accom-
modations there for any ; no purple cushioned
seats for men in authority ; no red cushions
formenof wealth; nouncushioned benches for
men' of less degree. Indeed, no beats for any.
All stood upon the common level of a stone
floor; and when the tinkling of the silver bell
was heard and the host was exalted all knelt
upon the same floor. I never realized before,
as when I saw it then illustrated, that of one
flesh God had made all the nations of the earth.
I never appreciated so fully before how com-
pletely our holy religion ignores the artificial
distinctions of society. That realized my idea
of a Catholic communion, and represented
to my apprehension that God is so far above
man that artificial and accidental distinction
among men are forgotten in His acknowledged
presence.
But the question remains whether Congress
has the constitutional power to compel in our
churches this commingling of nationalities and
races. Our judgment may approve it, but that
does not establish the constitutional power to
enforce it.
The objection to this provision, it seems to
me, is this: it reads "of all trustees and
officers of church organizations, cemeteries,
associations, and benevolent institutions in-
corporated by national or State authority."
The mere fact of incorporation is supposed to
confer the right upon the General Government
to take jurisdiction over them for this purpose.
Now, I "think that is an unsatisfactory ground
upon which to rest Federal authority. Half a
dozen individuals may associate together for
the purpose of supporting the preaching of the
gospel in a certain place or according to a
particular creed. They arc, of course, upon
the Senator's own opinion, entitled to be ex-
clusive in tbeir worship as long as they remain
private individuals ; but he says that it they
ask for an act of incorporation, which simply
enables them to hold their property in con-
tinuity, then they should be subjected to the
power of the Government to enforce political
regulations over them. The Senator from
New Jersey has attempted to obviate this by
adding this amendment:
But churches, schools, cemeteries, and institu-
tions of learning established for white or colored
persons and maintained respectively by the contri-
bution? of such poisons, shall remain according to
the terms of the original establishment.
Jf this bill were to be passed in this form4
