1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
4 2d Cong.... 2d Sess.
dorks of class two, twenty-one clerks of class
one ; twelve copyists, at nine hundred dollars
each; one messenger, eight hundred and forty
dollars; one assistant messenger, at seven
hundred and twenty dollars ; and two laborers ;
in all. one hundred and thirty-six thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Commissioner of Customs.
For Commissioner of Customs, three thou-
sand dollars; chief clerk, two thousand dol-
lais; two clerks of class four, six clerks of
class three, nine clerks of class two, seven
clerks of class one, one messenger, and one
laborer; in all, forty thousand seven hundred
and sixty dollars.
First Auditor.
For the First Auditor of the Treasury, three
thousand dollars ; chief clerk, two thousand
dollars; three clerks of class four, ten clerks
of class three, ten clerks of class two, thirteen
clerks of class one, one messenger, one assist-
ant messenger, and one laborer; in all, tifty-
eiglit thousand two hundred and eighty dol-
lars.
Second Auditor.
For Second Auditor, three thousand dollars;
chief clerk, two thousand dollars; six cle-ks
of class four, and for additional to disbursing
clerk, two hundred dollars ; lifty-four clerks
of class three, one hundred and nine clerks of
class two, one hundred clerks of class one, one
messenger, five assistant messengers, and
seven laborers; in all, three hundred and
eighty-four thousand four hundred and eighty
dollars.
Third Auditor.
For Third'Auditor, three thousand dollars;
chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; fourteen
clerks of class four, additional to one clerk of
class four as disbursing clerk, two hundred
dollars ; thirty-lwo clerks of class three,
nineiy-two clerks of class two, fifty-one clerks
of class one; ten copyists, at nine hundred
dollars each; two messengers, three assistant
messengers, and seven laborers ; in all, two
hundred and eiglny-nine thousand four hun-
dred and eighty doliars.
Fourth Auditor.
For the Fourih Auditor, three thousand dol-
lars ; chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; five
clerks of class four, eighteen clerks of class
three, twelve clerks of elass two, eleven
clerks of class one ; seven female clerks, at
nine hundred dollars each ; one messenger,
one assistant messenger, and three laborers ;
in all. eighty-two thousand eight hundred and
twenty dollars.
Fifth Auditor.
For the Fifth Auditor, three thousand dol-
lars; chief clerk, two thousand dollars; four
clerks of class lour, eight cleiks of class three,
eight clerks of class two, twelve clerks of class
one; seven copyists, at nine hundred dollars
each; one messenger, one assistant messen-
ger, and two laborers; ill all, fifty-nine thou-
sand nine hundred dollars.
Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department.
For compensation of the Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post Office. Department,
three thousand dollars ; chief clerk, two thou
sand dollars; nine clerks of class four ; addi-
tional lo one clerk of class four as disbursing
clerk, two hundred dollars; forty-four clerks
of class three, sixty four clerks of class two,
thirty-seven clerks ol class one, one ^ mes-
senger, one assistant messenger, and fifteen
laborers; also, five additional clerks of class
three, live additional clerks oi class two, and
fifteen assorters of money-orders at nine hun-
dred dollars each, for the money-order divis-
ion ; in all, two hundred and sixty six thou-
sand six hundred and sixty dollars.
Treasury.
E\>r compensation of the Treasurer of the
United States, six thousand five hundred dol-
lars ; Assistant Treasurer, two thousand eight
hundred dollars; cashier, two thousand eight
hundred dollars ; assistant cashicr, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars; five chiefs of
division, at two thousand two hundred dollars
each ; two principal book-keepers, two thou-
sand two hundred dollars each ; two tellers,
at two thousand two hundred dollars each;
on[e] chief clerk, two thousand dollars; two
assistant tellers, two thousand dollars each;
fifteen clerks of class four, fifteen clerks of
class three, eleven clerks of class two, nine
clerks of class one; sixty female clerks, at
nine hundred dollars each; fifteen messen-
gers; five male laborers, at seven hundred
and twenty dollars each, and seven female
laborers, at two hundred and forty dollars
each ; in all, one hundred and eighty-nine
thousand four hundred and eighty dollars:
Provided, That eight thousand five hundred
dollars are hereby appropriated to be expended
in the office of th.e Treasurer of the United
States at the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Register of the Treasury.
For compensation of the Register of the
Treasury, three thousand dollars; assistant
register, two thousand dollars; chief clerk,
two thousand dollars; eight clerks of class
four, twelve clerks of class three, fifteen clerks
of class two, ten clerks of class one ; eigtit
copyists, at nine hundred dollars each ; one
messenger, two assistant messengers, and two
laborers; in all, eigbry-four thousand five
hundred and twenty dollars.
Comptroller of the Currency.
For Comptroller of the Currency, five thou-
sand dollars ; deputy comptroller, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars ; twelve clerks of
class four, fourteen clerks of class three,
twelve clerks of class two, twelve clerks of
class one, thirty female clerks, four messen
gers, four laborers, and two night watchmen ;
in all, one hundred and seventeen thousand
three hundred and eighty dollars.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
For Commissioner of internal Revenue, six
thousand dollars; deputy commissioner, three
thousand five hundred dollars; two deputy
coin missioners, at three thousand dollars each ;
seven heads of divisions, at two thousand five
hundred dollars each ; thirty-four clerks of
class four, forty-eight clerks of class three,
fifty two clerks of elass two, twenty-eight clerks
of elass one ; seventy-five copyists, at nine
hundred dollars each ; seven messengers, three
assistant messengers, and fitteen laborers ; in
all, three hundred and sixty-three thousand
seven hundred and forty dollars.
For dies, paper, and for stamps, four hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For salaries and expenses of collectors,
assessors, assistant assessors, supervisors, de-
tectives, and storekeepers, together with the
expense of carrying into effect the various
provisions of the several acts providing inter-
nal revenue, excepting items otherwise pro-
vided for, four million seven hundred thou-
sand dollars ; and hereafter the total net com-
pensation of collectors of internal revenue
shall in no case exceed four thousand five
hundred dollars per annum.
For detecting and bringing to trial and pun-
ishment persons guilty of violating the internal
revenue laws, or conniving at the same, in
cases where such expenses are not otherwise
provided for by law, eighty thousand doilais;
and from and after the passage of this act the
Secretary of the Treasury shall have power to
employ not more than three persons to assist
the proper officers of the Government in dis-
covering and collecting any money belonging
to the United States whenever the same shall
he withheld by any person or corporation,
upon such terras and conditions as he shall
deem best for the interests of the United
States; but no compensation shall be paid to
Buoh persons except out of the money and
property so secured ; and no person shall be
employed under the provisions of this clause
who shall not have fully set forth in a written
statement, under oath, addressed to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the character of the
claim out of which he proposes to recover, or
assist iii recovering moneys for the United
States, the laws by the violation of which the
same have been withheld, and the name of
the person, firm, or corporation having thus
withheld such moneys; and if any person so
employed shall receive or attempt to receive
any money or other consideration from any
person, firm, or corporation alleged thus to
have withheld money from the United States,
except in pursuance of the written contract
made in relation there!o with the Secretary of
the Treasury, such person shall be deemed guilty
ot a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof
shall be fined not less than one thousand dol-
lars or imprisoned not less than two years, or
both, in the discretion of any court of the
United States having jurisdiction; and the
person so employed shall be requi[r]ed to
make report of his proceedings under snch
contract at any time when required to do so
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Light House Board.
For chief clerk of the Light-House Board, two
thousand dollars; two clerks of class four,
two clerks of class three, one clerk of class
two, one clerk of class one, one female copyist,
one messenger, and one laborer; in all, thir-
teen thousand eight hundred and sixty doliars.
Bureau of Statistics.
For the officer in charge of the Bureau of
Statistics, two thousand five hundred dollars;
c .ief clerk, two thousand dollars; twelve
clerks of class four, eight clerks of class three,
ten cleiks of class two, five clerks of class one,
five copyists at nine hundred dollars each,
one messenger, one laborer, and one char-
woman at four hundred and eighty dollars ;
in all, sixty-five thousand four hundred and
forty dollars.
For temporary clerks for the Treasury De-
partment, forty thousand dollars: Provided,
That hereafter no temporary clerk shall re-
ceive a greater compensation than at the rate
of one thousand two hundred dollars per
annum for the time actually employed.
For stationery for the Treasury Department
and its several bureaus, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
For postage, newspapers, arranging and
binding cancelled marine papers, sealing ships'
registers, care of horses for mail and office
wagon, repairs of wagons and harness, washing
towels, investigation of accounts and rec-
ords, brooms, brushes, crash, cotton cloth,
cane, chamois-skins, dusters, flour, keys, lye,
matches, nails, oil, powders, repairing hand-
I stamps, sponge, soap, tacks, wall-paper, and
! the other miscellaneous items required for the
| current and ordinary business of the Depart-
■ ment, sixty-five thousand dollars.
I For furniture, such as carpets, desks, tables,
chairs, shelving for file-rooms, boxes and re-
pairs of furniture, cases, oil-cloth, matting,
rugs, chair-coveis and cushions, repairs, and
laying of carpets, and other miscellaneous
ariicies of the like character, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For coal, wood, lighting the Treasury build-
