1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2551
obtaining and distributing appointments that
does give him sortie strength in securing a
renomination or a reelection to this House.
But as respects even those fortunate gentle-
men who will he dprived of such advantages
by this bill, I think it would on the whole be
as well for theui, and better for the country,
if their abilities for public service had to be
manifested in some other way.
That, this power of securing appointments
to office is of any advantage to our coustit-
ifents 1 have no belief whatever. It was said
in the course of the debate upon this bill yes-
terday, as I understood, that the young men
of the country were regarded by the civil ser-
vice commissioners as the persons best fitted
to (ill the otfices of this country. I was sorry
to hear this. For ray part I do not know any-
thing that could beUll aworthy and competent
young man more to be.regretted than to put
him into the public service as a clerk in one
of the Departments of this Government. I do
not recall any sort of occupation that a man
who has health and is possessed of ordinary
powers can enter upon less likely to result in
ultimate bent-fit to himself and to others than
service in the Departments of the Government.
Sir, let those be placed in such offices who,
while fitted for such places, are unfitted foi
oilier occupations in life ; especially those who
have been injured or maimed in the service
of their country. Let women, too, against
whom so many of the ordinary avocations of
life have been closed, fill as far as possible
these Government positions. But do not let
us do anything toward inviting into the gen-
eral and ordiraiy service of the Government
any mote of the promising and rising young
men of the country.
Mr. Speaker. 1 appreciate the difficulties
which neeessaiily surround the whole subject
of civil service reform. But however gieat
those difficulties a,re, any step in the direction
of such reform is one I am willing to support.
I believe nothing can be worse than the sys-
tem which now prevails; nothing worse in its
effect upon those employed by the Govern-
ment; nothing worse in its effects upon those
who procure them to be employed; nothing
worse in its effects upon the country. And
therefore I hail any movement, whether or
not it be altogether such as I approve in detail,
which looks m the direction of a change in the
exis ing system of appointments to office. And
I thank the gentlemen of the committee for
bringing before the House these measures
looking to reform ; and to the one now under
consideration I shall give my hearty assent-
But, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Willard] on yesterday took occa-
sion, while referring with very great force and
cogency to the evils that result from the pre-
vailing system of appointment to office, to
ascribe the oiigin of this evil to the party with
which I am connected. He indicated tliat by
that patty was initiated the maxim that " to
the victors belong the spoils." I differ with
the learned gentleman as to this. Whoever
declared, if any Democrat ever did, that "to
the victors belong the spoils," put forward no
new proposition, but only expressed what was
well known and existing at the time. It could
only have been because then public places had
been regarded as ■' spoils" long before that
any right could have been claimed to them by
the victors.
Mr. WILLAItD. Does not the gentleman
from New York know that until General Jack-
son's administration no removal from office
had ever been made for political reasons?
Mr. POTTER. On the contrary, I do not so
understand the fact to be.
Mr. WILLARD. I understand that to be a
fact-
Mr. POTTER. And I do not.
Mr. WILLARD. Then it is an issue of fact
between us. _
Mr. PO ITER. It is entirely true, Mr.
Speaker, that very few removals from office
were made in the early period of the history
of the Government for political reasons ; and
to that extent the gentleman from Vermont is
right. But from that early period down such
removals have been constantly becoming more
numerous as the offices increased in number
and as it became more important to tlio Ad-
ministration to have its official agents persons
in active accord with it in their politics. The
truth is the difficulties occasioned by the
patronage of this Government arise from the
magnitude of this patronage, not from the
person or the party who for the lime being
controls it, and arise also from the fact that
the party coming into power is left to exercise
its absolute will in the distiibution of this
patronage. So long as it is known that the j
incoming Administration will have absolute;
power to dispose of all the offices and fat j
things of the Government according to its own ;
will, the citizens who de-ire such gifts will j
unite in advance of the election into parties and
exercise their choice with a view ol thus con-
trolling the offices and pationagc of the Gov-
ernment after the party tliey support comes
into power. From the very nature ol tilings,
when there is so gieat and unrestricted a power
so open to abuse, it will be sure to be abused.
Where the carcass is, there will the vultures
be also.
Now, as I have already stated, I have no
belief that there can be any genera! cure for
these evils which attend upon our present civil
service, which have grown up with the growth
of the country and become a part of our sys-
tem, except though a radical change in our
system of government. So far as concerns
the party to which the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. WillariiJ belongs and honors, not
only has that party adopted the abuses lie has
been pleased to indicate—erroneously, as 1
have said—as originating with the Democratic
party; but it did not take this great Repub-
lican party of his day thirty years, as I under-
stood bun to say it took the Democratic party,
to become corrupted in that respect, llaidly,
indeed, had Mr. Lincoln been sworn into office
as President before, as the gentleman from
Vermont told us yesterday, he found the office-
seekers of this new Republican party about
him in such flocks that, at a time when the
exigencies of the Government were most
pressing, when one half the country was in
revolt, the Commander in-Chief of the armies
of the Republic was not, as he himself de-
clared, left at liberty to attend to those great
public duties which then demanded his utmost
attention and care.
Pray, sir, has it not been lately declared
openly on this floor, by his own supporters,
that it was the hope of controlling this patron-
age that was the moving cause which made the
present Executive President? In view of the
political importance of this patronage, did not
another of the President's supporters lately
characterize civil service reform as a humbug?
I submit, sir, that so far from there having
been any reform in this respect by the paity
of the gentleman from Vermont, the condition
of things in this regard has been, to say the
very least, as bad within the last four years as
it ever was in the previous history of the coun-
try. Nay, it lias been far worse. At what
former period have we had at the head of the
principal office connected with the mercantile
business of the country a man appointed, not
to discharge the duties, not to look after the
j business of his office, but to look alter (lie
political advantage of his friends, leaving the
I actual and legitimate duties of the collector to
i be wholly discharged by a subordinate?
Look, too, at the abuses which have prevailed
in the city of Now York in connection with
the Leet and Stocking '-general-order sys-
tem " These abuses were long since brought
to the attention of Congress. They were in-
vestigated and reimesugated and reported
upon, and generally known to be gross abuses
needing instant reform, which reform nobody
was able to secure until the outcry lately extend-
ing throughout the country made the abuse so
patent and shameful that inaction by the
Administration could no longer be continued.
Why, sir, see how even here in Wash-
ington the Government is administered by
the gentleman's friends. It has been testified
before one of our committees, and so far as
I know without contradiction or question,
that it is ail established usage here in Wash-
ington to pay to claim agents a fee equal 10
fifty per cent, of all claims recovered m order
to secure their payment. In other words, the
Government under tins Administration is so
unjust that a man must sacrifice one half of
what he is justly entitled to in order to obtain
the other li-ilf, or by contributing one half of
any claim lie seis up, and to which he is not
at all entitled, lie may succeed in getting the
otuei half of the Government's money.
This, sir, is the real condition of tilings under
this Republican administration. But now,
when a presidential election is approaching,
when the condition of things which has pre-
vailed during the last four years has become
so bad as to excite remonstrance on the part
of honorable gentlemen like the gentleman
from Vermont and others who sympathize
with him, and to cause the people to rise and
insist upon some reform, we have the Presi-
dent of the United States writing a letter,
which was read at the desk yesterday, upon
the eve of the Administration meeting in New
York, and doubtless designed to be telegraphed
there 
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Yes; it was
telegraphed and read there.
Mr. POLTEll. Declaring that hereafter
appointments aie not to be made or continued
with reference to men's political opinions.
No, Mr. Speaker, theie is nothing in lhat
rcspect to induce any honest citizen to choose
the Republican paity. The evil which exisls
has not been confined to any party ; it is an
evil aiising from the nature of things, and un-
avoidable under our present system. The first
step toward reform is to recognize this evil ;
and I congratulate the gentlemen of this
House, who are in accord with the party in
power, who favor this bill that they have been
willing to recognize and admit the existence
of this evil. It costs us of the minority noth-
ing, I frankly admit, to declare it. But it is to
the credit of gentlemen who sit on the major-
ity side of the House that they are willing,
when constrained thereto by the magnitude
of the evil existing, to frankly admit the
evil and seek m some proper way for its
removal.
It being once admitted that there are evils,
it becomes then important to consider what
may be the remedy for them. In my judg-
ment the whole system of government unth-r
which we are now living is a defective one.
The system of government established by our
fhtheis was a wise system, a system framed by
men of large experience, of rare wisdom, and
of fervent patriotism. Having reference to the
condition of things under which they lived, it
was an admirable system of government, but
they framed it for circumstances wholly dif-
ferent from those which now prevail. Theirs
was a system provided for the government of
three or four million people scattered along
the Atlantic sea-board in thirteen scpaiaie
States, between which communication was
most difficult ; States absolutely distinct in
their origin, their powers, and their people.
It was for this union of separate States they
designed this system of checks and balai ccs
which we claim to have continued. But, alas,
the citcumstances for which they established
a Government have wholly changed Means
of transportation and intercommunication
which our fatheis never thought of have
brought the people of the different States into
closer relations than they could have deemed
possible. Men are born in one State, do busi-
ness in another, and sleep indifferently in
