1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3447
Crary. MoJunkin, McKee. Merriam, Mite,hill, Mon-
roe, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Ncgley, Orr,
Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peek,
Pendleton, Peree, Aaron 3?. Perry, Eli Perry, Peters,
Piatt, Poland, Ellis H. Roberts, Iloosovclt, Rusk,
Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley, Sheldon, Sherwood, II.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, Thomas
J. Speer, Snraguo, Starkweather, Stevenson,Stough-
ton, Strong, Sutherland, Svpher, Thomas, Washing-
ton Townsend, Turner, Twiehell, Tyner, Upson,
Vaughan, Wakeman, Walden, "VValdron, Wallace,
Walls, Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Wiilard, Williams
of New York, Jeremiah M.Wilson, John T. Wilson,
and Winchester—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker. Bell, Bird. James 8. Blair,
Braxton, Brooks, Campbell, Comingo. Cotton, Cox,
Crebs, Crossland, Davis. Getz, Giddinss, Griffith,
Hancock, Ilandley, Hanks, Herndon, Hibbard, 1 lot-
man, Kendall, Kerr, King, Leach, Lewis, Marshall,
MeCormick, McGrew, Jlclntyre, MeNeely, Benja-
min F. Meyers, Morgan, Niblack, ila.ndalt, Read.
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Robinson, Scolield,
Shanks, Slater, Sloss, R. Milton Speer, Storm,
Swann, Terry, Van Trump, Voorhees, Waddcll,
Whitthorne. and Williams of Indiana— 58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer. Averill.
Banks, Barnum, Beveridge, Bigfts, Boles, Bright,
Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Clarke, Cobb. Conner,
Creely. Critcher, Darrall, De Large, tin Rose. liH-
Jiott, Ely, Forker, Henry D. foster, Wilder I). Pos-
ter, Garrett, Goodrich, Haldeman, llalsey, George
E. Harris, Hays, Gerry W. HaBokon, John W. Ha-
zelton, Hill, Hooper, Hou?hton, Kinsella, Lamisou,
Lansing, Lowe, Manson, Maynard, McClolhind, Mo-
Hemy, McKinney, Meicur, Merrick, Moore, Pack-
ard, Packer. Porter, Potter, Price, Prindle, llainey,
Ritchie. William R. Roberts, Rogers, Sessions,
Shellabarger, Shober, Shoemaker, Slocum, Worth-
ineton C. Smith, Snyder, Stevens, Sfowcll, St. John,
Taffo, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill. Whiteley, Wood,
and Young-73.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wove to amend t,lie title
of this bill so that it will read: " A bill to cre-
ate eighty new Federal offices at au expense
of S200,000 a year."
The amendment of the title was not agreed lo.
military academy appropriation blt.l,
Mr. MARSHALL, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back the amend-
ments of the Senate to the biil (H. R. No.
1061) making appropriations lor the support
of the Military Academy for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, with a recommendation
that some of the amendments ue concurred
in and others non-concurred in by the House.
The SPEAKER. The amendments will be
read, and the recommendations of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will be regarded as
agreed t,o unless objection lie made
An amendment of the Senate '''/as read, to
strike out "$5,000" and insert "^3,000 ' in
the following clause:
For the expenses of tho Board of Visitors, 85,030.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope this amendment, ot
the Senate, and all others reducing appropri-
ations, will be concurred in.
Mr. MARSHALL. The Senate made a
similar amendment last year to the Military
Academy appropriation bill, ami the House
concurred in the amendment. Ihe lesuitwa-i
that Ibis year we had to appiopnal.e $'2,0tK> to
supply the deficiency. Therefore the commit-
to,- i ecommend non-coocuirence in this amend-
ment. If the Seriate insist upon it, we may
leeedo from our disagreement.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 never knew the Senate
to make a mistake in that respect.
The amendment was not concurred m.
The amendments having all been acted on,
Mr. MARSHALL moved that a committee
of conference be requested upon the uistigree-
ing votes of the two Houses mi tne amendments
ol the Senate to the bill making appiopriatious
for the support of the Military Academy.
The motion was agreed to.
diplomatic appliopitimon" bill.
Mr. SWANN, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported back the Senate amend-
ments to the biil (It. R. No. 1323) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
servio" of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1878, and for other purposes, with a
recommendation that the House concur in
some and non-eoticnr in others of the Senate
amendments.
The SPEAKER. The amendments will be
read, and the recommendation of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations will be regarded as
agreed to i( no objection be made.
The first amendment of the Senate was to
strike out the words "also accredited to,"
after the word "Nicaragua," and before the
words "Guatemala, Oosla Rica, and Hon-
duras."
Mr. BROOKS. I would suggest, that the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swann] tell
us the principal differences between the Senate
and House on this bill.
Mr. SWANN. I will ask the Clerk to read
the report of the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The SPEAKER. The report simply recom-
mends concurrence in some amendments and
non-concurrence in others, the amendments
being indicated by numbers.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man, what has been done with regard to the
Central American missions'?
Mr. SWANN. We concur with the Senate
in retaining nil those missions.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the House will not
take the back track in regard to these Central
American missions. 1 stated before in debate,
and 1 will restate it now, that according to tho
Congressional Directory there is not now in
this city a single representative from any of
these Central American States, while we are
s'-uditig five or six or seven representatives of
our country, at an expense wholly unnecessary,
to those small Slates, not having a population
so large as that of Nebraska. There can be
no object in keeping up those missions except
the maintenance of unnecessary officials.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, the Senatevotod
to restore all (he missions struck out at the
instance of the honorable gentleman Irotn New
York, [Mr. Brooks;] and upon conferring
wilh the State Department on the subject, lfind
the opinion of that- Department is m aeeonl-
auce with that of the Senate of tiic United
Stales. Some of these missions are important.
There are American interests in those coun-
tries which require protection. In addition lo
that it, is important that our Government
should have in those Slates some official to rep-
resent, as has been done here'ofoie, the prin-
ciples of this Government. We know that, in
all these Cential American Slates there has
been more or less mlerfeienee liom abroad,
Persons are sent there for the purpose of alien-
ating those different Governments from the
relations in which they stand to the United
Suites, which, at, this time, are relations of
cordiality.
Besides, Mr. Speaker, we have othc inter-
ests there. There is the great interoceanic
canal. Our Government has recent ly appointed
a commission of distinguished officers to de-
cide upon the proper route to he taken m ease
the policy of constructing that canal should be
adopted. It is very important lo r.s thai we
should preserve ourlnendly relations with all
these Governments. More I ban that, wo should
give protection to Ameiican citizens within
their limits. 'These are important considera-
tions which I think should outweigh any con-
siderations of economy that might induce my
honorablnlriend from New Yoik [Mr, Brooks ]
to desire the discontinuance of these, missions
at the present tune. We have, the-, fore, upon
consultation with the committee and also with
I he Slate Department, agreed to concur mthe
Senate amendment retaining these trillions
as they stood originally. 1 ask the House to
concur in the amendment ol t.ifi Senate _
Mr.BUOOKS obtained the floor, ami yic.d-
ed51°r. BANKS. 1 desire to say a word on
this subject, if there is any question about con-
curring in the Senate amendment. If it can
be concurred in by general consent I do not
desire to say anything.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
submit the question.
Mr. BANKS. Well, Mr. Speaker, I should
scarcely feel I had done my duly if 1 did not
say a word on the subject of this amendment.
I am in favor of concurring in the report of
the committee of conference reestablishing
these missions. When the bill was before the
House I consented to the amendment moved
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] which reduced our diplomatic rep-
resentation in the Central American States.
1 did so because this proposition for reduction
had been repeated for five or six years, and 1
had grown tired of opposing it. But, I believe
that, these missions are. necessary. The Cen-
tral American States arc a most important
part of the American continent; and although,
as Ihe gentleman from New York says, some
of these Governments have no representatives
here, yet it, is neveitheless ttue that we ought
to have representatives there. It is not mate-
rial to Costa Rica and other States that they
should bo represented at Washington; no
great interests touching their existence as
republics require I,hem to he represented hei e ;
and being somewhat, limited in their resources,
they find it, perhaps, inconvenient to spaic
from their treasury ihe expense. But the ea-e
is not. ihe same with us. This _ is a rich and
powerful country; it. has great interests in all
the Governments of North and South America,
And if. would be far better for us to withdraw
every one of our representatives from Hurope
than lo withdraw our representatives from the
republican Governments in Central and South
America. Wc want toknovv what the Kitropeau
Governments are doing in that patl. of the
world. Theie is no method of obtaining that
information except by having capable, patrioric,
and energetic men to investigate and lepm-t
the course of events ihore. Nothing can lie
more important,,
1 will not, weary the House by -my further
remarks on this matter, except lo say that
notwithstanding my acquiescence in (lie amend-
ment adopted when the bill was originally be-
fore Ihe House which reduced these repre-
sentatives, I think we ought now to agree to
the ieport of the committee which reestab-
lishes them.
Mr. Speaker, 1 ask to icad for a momenta
poition ol a dispatch from the minister ol
foreign affairs ot' Costa Kiea, one of these
republics. It, is addressed to the American
minister as he was about to leave :
LTriMi-1 atioii.J '
National 1 '/ i.ari:, Sis' -Josk, A/)rit H, 1H72,
Sini; * 1- * f t'Vna tlie ei'dimsnim-o
o! I In; declaration ol' the llou-e at ilepn--,cut.il t \ r-i
ot I he tJniO'd St.ites tor supprosioil uf the Amer-
ican l<a';n lee in Cesiii Uie.t, lay (love; ument. te.us,
honorable sir, youi reU.ru mil only be to inc.-eiit
yeiu ieinr el recall, _
1 i iiibr.iee i In- opportunity to stimuli io >our hum
ciiMdciati'm .seme' obna-val iote in e is-e yen Imd it,
conveni-aiIo conua uan ,i I n tbi-m n> t in- r-' t-rel tiy
ol the taiiuid Si.ties 'i he idea, ot 1 he A lcar.ix.ia
altl.11 I- II e .ilI'Milion ol'the whole wn-.d.
Thee,mat e, ill not only lie ol N icara^ua, out ot
CoM.t It'C.I. , , , .
'I lie lie,III' of limitation of teinlory helm en the
two leiuiWe--', (if iviii'-f. I lake tins libeilyol Iran"-
11111 I M,^ \ o<[ .1 < opy, e-l.t bh-ihes tlllbhe-t.
JOnronr m eanii„ill."l!> make oilers separate to Lo-ta
Kie.i „n(1 Nie.ir.iKUa, and ai tile .same lime oiea'
J.mlllv to ihe iwo icpublies ilie nei-e.-^.uy .nuoitni
ioj riKj uH'lcrt ikinc. Tin* Wi'^liirig'ton Cubing
irs i,iu moih atti'i.iion <ni our i-tnmit-i,
mi I l>.\ it- order unpoiUnt fcCientiUo ^u.lu-s
b<'t i<<c nuth'. • c
At tins tint", f<n .Ik'-c rciison-J, ;i <ut o
Umtfcil <'<)••>'(i Rica i- ncjc?s;i rv.
To ,i H now, lalv tl'K^o in tao \"i . V Ktf>'nO!'L
ot Itmece-Ity. < JIONTUPAH.
Hon. Jacob P>. ISf.atk, Mtwiifr Hn^idi-ut ,,J tho
Unilcil. tvtth-i uf Amc.-wu in t L'ica.
New, sir, here is a statement from the min-
ister of one of these Govei nun nts oi the im-
portance of onr having a representative at
