2552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
a third, so that State lines are everywhere
broken down. We have, besides, over twenty
new States, the offspring of the Federal Gov-
ernment, whose people can haveno such State
feelings and pride and regard for State sov-
ereignty as were cherished by the original
States. Thns it has happened that with an
enormous increase of wealth and population a
gradual consolidation of the whole country has
been growing up from natural causes, which
the late civil war and the reconstruction of the
conquered territory which followed has ripened
into an actual change in the nature of our
Government. So that we have passed through
an absolute revolution, and to-day, while we
still preserve the form of government estab-
lished by our fathers, we have really a Govern-
ment in its principles and operations wholly
different from that which they established.
To my mind the present Government ot these
United States has neither of those advantages
which a popular Government ought to possess
and without which a popular Government, can
be little worth ; that is, limitation against abso
lute power and government by the majority of
the people.
So far from representing a majority of the
people, this Federal Government is to day a
Government by the minority. The Senate is
a coordinate part of the national Legislature ;
it is composed of seventy-four Senators, and
no legislation can take place which does not
have the concurrence of a majority of that
body. But of that Senate some sixty members
come from a minority of the whole people, and
but sixteen from the majority. It is there-
fore a necessary result of this fact that since
States have ceased to be sovereign the Federal
legislation of the country is legislation at the
will of the minority, and not of the majority
cf the people. Then, in the next place, this
Federal Government has become, by the ag-
gregation and enlargement of its powers by
amendments to the Constitution, by construe
tion, and by physical changes in the condition
of our people, an absolute Government ; so
that to-day Congress possesses powers and ex
ercises a control which our fathers never could
have anticipated it would have. To day Con-
gress prescribes the conditions of suffrage ; it
creates banks; it controls the entire moneyed
operations of the country ; it digs out local har-
bors; it improves every little interior river; it
builds railways; it fosters favored industries;
it creates monopolies ; it charters private eoi-
porations ; it impairs the obligations of eon-
tracts ; it punishes local offenses; and in the
exercise of these powers it is without any suffi-
cient fundamental restriction.
So, too, the powers of the Executive, though
in kind such as they always were, are in
dimensions and effect wholly different.
In the time of the earlier Presidents the
subordinate officers of the Government, such
as postmasters, revenue officers, and the like,
were few in number. Their activity in sup-
port ot the Administration which appointed
them would have given it but little strength,
and would have excited general remonstrance;
but how different is this now. Now there are,
I believe, eighty thousand subordinate officers,
besides the heads of the Cabinet, foreign min-
isters, and other principal officers; eighty
thousand who derive their places from the
President of the United States, and are con-
tinued in their places by his favor. The united
influence and activity of this army of office-
holders is a tremendous power in aid of the
Administration by whose gift they hold their
places ; a power so great that to-day it coerces
the Republican party against the wishes, as I
conceive, of a large majority of its members,
into the renomination of the present Execu
tive ; andhaving been used to renominate him,
will in due time be used to procure his elec-
tion.
^That a large majority of the people of the
United States is dissatisfied with this condition
of things, dissatisfied, too, with the conduct of
the party in power and with the existing nature
of this Government, must, I think, be evident
to every fair-minded and careful observer.
If this dissatisfaction should not speedily
culminate, as I hope it may, in the complete
overthrow of the party in power, it will be
owing to the apprehension felt by so many
of those dissatisfied with the existing condition
of things, that if the Democratic party should
again get into power its accession to power
would be followed by a reaction which would
undo much that has been settled at so much
cost and sacrifice during the last ten years.
And it is the fear of such a reaction which
alone, as I think, prevents those Republicans
who are dissatisfied with the present state of
the country from taking the action necessary
to procure a change in the administration of
the Government.
Now, I do not believe there is the least
danger of such a reaction. The revolution
through which the country has passed is actual
and completed. This Government is now that
of a nation and not of a Union of independent
States ; and when that fact is once realized
and acknowledged, we may look for new issues
arising, not because of new principles of gov-
ernment, but from the application of eternal
principles to the present and existing condition
of things.
For myself, it seems to me to be the duty
of a statesman, of whatever party, frankly and
fearlessly to recognize I,he inevitable. Whether
we favor or whether we oppose the revolution
through which this country has passed, it has
nevertheless been a revolution complete and
accomplished. The questions which now re-
main are not so much as to the powers that
should be respectively distributed between the
Federal and the Stale governments, as to
what are the powers this supreme Govern-
ment should, as regards the people, possess.
'The issues in this respect which it seems to
me must arise, indeed, which ought now to be
the issues of the day are—■
First, shall the Federal power be absolute,
or shall it be so limited as to preserve vested
rights?
Second, shall the Federal Congress be left
at liberty to charter private corporations, to
grant special franchises and privileges, and
generally to indulge in private legislation—a
result which will inevitably unite upon Wash-
ington all the lobbies and corrupt influences
of the country, and lead to a degree of cor-
ruption and abuse such as this people has not
seen—or by putting a permanent and per-
petual barrier against general private legisla-
tion, shall we do what we-can to preserve the
purity and usefulness of the Government?
Third, shall a cheek be put upon the forma
tion and growth of the great corporations,
those artificial monsters which exist by 110 law
of nature, but which are the creatures of
positive law alone, and which, being alike
without soul or feeling or termination—ex-
empt alike from conscience, from personal
accountability, and from death—stretch their
JJria-.ean arms, as the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Willako] said yesterday, throughout the
country, to the destruction of private rights, of
public morals, and of sound legislation, making
corruption familiar and honesty a by-word?
Fourth, shall the subordinate officers of the
Government be as far as possible made elect-
ive by the people of their respective localities,
thus effectually and finally putting an end to
the inducement to control the Government for
the sake of distributing these prizes?
'these, Mr. Speaker, are, as I think, the
issues of the future. They ought, indeed, to
be the issues of the present. The restraints
upon the Federal Government thus suggested-
are every one of them, I believe, wise and
necessary, and are every one of them verita-
ble Democratic measures. From the found-
ation of this nation the Democracy has always
been the party of limited and localized gov-
ernment. In the future, too, that man, what-
ever his past principles or party affiliations
may heretofore have been, will really be a
Democrat who shall favor the limitation and
localization of the powers of the Federal
Government in the directions which I have
indicated.
If I do not greatly mistake me, a union of
the men thus minded—if such a union can be
effected—would embrace a vast majority of
this people, and sweep from power, and that,
too, at the elections shortly approaching, the
party now controlling the Government, an(t
thus put an effectual end to the corruption
and demoralization now so prevalent and
alarming, and which are not, that I can see,
to be otherwise effectually overcome.
Mr. HOLMAN addressed the House in re-
marks which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, there is
now presented to the country the singular
spectacle which comes not even once in a
decade, the entire decay and disintegration
of a party which in its past history had con-
trol of the country. The Democratic party
at the present time is afflicted with the dry
rot of "passivism." [Laughter.] Ithasno
longer vitality ; it has no louger spirit; it has
no longer recognized principles; it has no
longer bold, dashing leaders, as in the old
day's when its banner flaunted proudly to the
breeze and it claimed the respect and alle-
giance of the American people, and received it.
Mr. MORGAN. What about, Cincinnati ?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir ; the Democratic
party is now trembling and waiting to see
whether there cannot be arranged at Cincin-
nati some accommodation between some of
its own office-seekers and those deserters from
the Republican party, also office-seekers—
some arrangement whereby the great and tri-
umphant party which has saved the nation and
now administers its powers may be betrayed,
attacked in the flank, overwhelmed, and disin-
tegrated. It is the last hope of the Demo-
cratic party that something may be done by
somebody else at Cincinnati of which it may
avail itself in order by indirect means and by
this back door to get into the White House
and into the offices of the country.
The aim and object of the Democratic party
at this time rises no higher than this. If there
is a paper under the control of that organiza-
tion throughout the country which boldly ad-
vocates as aforetime a national convention to
nominate candidates for the people to vote
for, the attempt is made to hush it down by
Democratic partisans who consider it impolitic
thus to conduct the Democratic fight. I say the
party is afflicted by dry rot and is dying out.
On the other hand, we have a living, breath-
ing, powerful party, the Republican party—a
party that has control in nearly all the greatand
populous States of the Union, while it holds
the national Administration, executing our
laws at home and protecting our interests
abroad—a party in which, as recent State elec-
tions have shown, the people still have confi-
dence and still desire to administer the Gov-
ernment.
Now, sir, if there is any movement either
on the part of the disintegratists who will meet
at, Cincinnati, or of the feeble remnant of that
once proud Democratic party, or from the
midst of our own ranks by misguided, zealous
men, by which the beneficent mission of the
Republican party may be arrested, by which
its bright future may be obscured or its power
overthrown, then I say it is my duty as a Re-
publican, believing in the principles of my
party, identified with its history from its very
origin, to stand here and warn my fellow Re-
publicans from a party stand-point as well as
a national stand-point against such a course.
Sir, I said the other day that this Adminis-
tration, by its reduction of taxation and of
the national debt, by its stretching out the
strong arm of military power and taking by
the throat the Ku Klux of the South, by many
Other acts than these, is entitled to go before
