8448
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Costa Rica at this time with reference to the
great interests there in which we as a Govern-
ment are so deeply concerned, and for the
purpose of observing if not circumventing the
movements of European capitalists and Gov-
ernments.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts if these are of so much
importance to Costa Rica, why Costa Rica does
not honor the city of Washington with some
representative?
Mr. BANKS. I have stated the reasons.
They have not the same interests liere we have
there, and their Government is not as able to
support a minister as we are.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, in further
reply, let me sny that the House did not pro-
pose to take away all of the missions to Cen-
tral America. It proposed to leave one to
Nicaragua. If it is preferred he should be
located in Costa Rica, then let him be located
in Costa Rica. The House left one represent-
ative, but not six representatives, as the Senate
bill proposes. I do not propose to do away with
allconnectionswiththe smaller Central Amer-
ican States. I propose to leave consuls in all of
them. There are consuls in all of them now.
They can take care of the business of the
United States there as well as they do in other
parts of the world. We have only a consul at
Singapore, in the East Indies, where we have
twenty thousand times more commercial inter-
ests than we have in Central America. Why not
as well, then, have ministers instead of consuls
at Singapore and Calcutta? Why not as well,
too, in some other parts of the world as in Cen-
tral America? Originally, sir, the Central
American States were but one Government,
one republic. By numerous revolutions they
have been divided into six or seven petty re-
publics. These missions have been established
apparently for no other purpose than to give
places to these gentlemen. Six or seven mis-
sions have been established in different parts
of Central America merely for the purpose of
giving places. 1 appeal to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] and the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Swans] whether it is not
beneath tlie dignity of the American Govern-
ment to honor every petty Spanish-American
State, half Indian and half savage, with a min-
ister of the United States ? I ask whether it is
not beneath our dignity to recognize^ every
revolution there and every little petty division
as a great republic?
Let, me read to you the list of our missions
to the Central American Stales as it is to be
found in the Congressional Directory:
"Costa Rica, Jacob B. Blair, minister resident,
San Jo$6. ,
"Guatemala, S. A. lludson, minister resident,
Guntemuia city. , .
"Honduras, Henry Baxter, minister resident,
Tegucigalpa. . . . ,
" Nicaragua, Charles N. Hiottc, minister resident,
Leon.
"Salvador, ThomasBiddle, minister resident, ban
Salvador."
Now, Great Britain has interests there as
great, as ours, if not greater, in her desire to
cut through this continent in some way or
other, in older to do away with the influences
of our Pacific railroad and to connect her
commerce with the Pacific. Her interests
there are at least as great as ours. ^ But she
does not send ministers resident, diplomatic
representatives, to all these petty Spanish-
American States. She is content with having
one minister, and has her consuls represent-
ing her in those various Central American
republics.
Why, then, should we continue this policy,
when the interests of our country do not re-
quire it; when, in my judgment, nothing re-
quires it but the interests of several gentlemen
-who hold office there? I trust the House will
take action upon this question in the interests
ol economy. I went with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] and he went
with me, in increasing the salary of the im-
portant missions to Japan and Russia, with
the distinct understanding, as I thought, upon
his part and upon the part of others, that when
we increased our diplomatic expenses in our
intercourse with the great Powers of the world
we should do something to economize, as in
this case, where these missions are totally
unnecessary beyond one in Nicaragua or Costa
Rica.
Mr. BANKS. It is true, as the gentleman
from New York has stated, that I acquiesced
in his amendment when the subject was for-
merly before the House. I stated in my
former remarks that I did so. But since that
time the Committee on Foreign Affairs has
received from the Secretary of State the de-
claration which I have read to the House, in
which the minister of foreign affairs of Costa
Rica stated the necessity of a minister or rep-
resentative of the Government of the United
States in that republic.
Thegentleman from New York [Mr. Bkooks]
asks why we should not establish a mission in
every Asiatic country. The gentleman must
be aware that there is no proper analogy be-
tween the two cases. We have asserted as a
fundamental American doctrine the declara-
tion that we will not regard with indifference
the movements of any European Government
on this continent. And it has been held by
every Administration since 182-1 that we have
a right, and that it is our duty to sympathize
with all the republican Governments rn the
continent, and that it is our duty under some
circumstances to resist the operations and
machinations of European Governments upon
this continent. And now, sir, this being the
policy of our Government, and when it is
essential to the interests of the United States
that we should bo represented in those Central
American States, the minister of foreign affairs
of Costa Hica also having notified us that
European capitalists are bringing influences to
bear on those Governments with their money,
separately and together, for the purpose of
obtaining advantages which must be against
this Government, I ask is it wise for us, for
the sake of saving a few thousand dollars, to
withdraw our representatives from those Gov-
ernments? I think not.
Mr. SWANN- I was sorry on a former
occasion to be obliged to differ with my hon-
orable friend from New York [Mr. lii'-OOK.s]
in reference to these missions. 1 took the
ground that, before taking the action which
was urged by my honorable friend, it was
proper that we should get more information in
regard Lo these various missions than is new
before the House. My further examination
of the subject, in connection with the amend-
ment of the Senate, confirms me in the belief
that the action of the Committee on Appro-
priations as it stood in the original bill was
the proper action in reference to this subject.
Now, sir, .1 am of opinion that if you aggre-
gate the whole amount appropriated for these
missions, it would not represent the indignity
that might be offered to a single American
citizen, who would be al the mercy of the for-
eign interposition which is going on from day
to day, if we were left without proper repre-
sentation in these Central American States.
Now, air, it must be conceded by the gentle-
man from New York, in view of the great and
important interests that are represented by the
American people in that quarter—for there is
not one of these Governments that will not be
more or less affected by the action which we
may take in this case of the interoceanic
canal—that it is necessary that the good will
of these people should be retained, and that
we should have the cooperation of tiiese Gov-
ernments in any measure which may be de-
termined on in order to carry out American
interests in that particular. In this view I am
satisfied that the action of the committee as
it was originally reported to the House, an
action that lias been indorsed by the Senate
on full consideration of the subject, should be
sustained by the House. I am further of the
opinion that it would be very unwise to under-
take by summary process to strike down so
many missions, although commercially they
may not be very important at this time. I am
of the opinion that it would be quite impolitic
to follow the suggestions of the gentleman
from New York. I therefore hope that the
House will concur in the amendment; and I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX. With the permission of my
friend from Maryland I will simply say one
word. I hope the House will stand by its
own resolution. There is no reason why wo
should not have only one minister there to
do all the work, and perhaps to do it more
efficiently. That was the intention of the
House in passing this economical clause in
the appropriation bill. If the House will
recur to our old experience, when we lmd a
minister to Turkey who took charge of the
whole affairs of the Mediterranean, including
Greece, they will find that we got far mora
efficient services then than we did when we
had a minister to Greece who had nothing
to do. So it is in Paraguay, Uruguay, and
Brazil, where our minister to London, General
Sehenck, made the best treaty ever made by
any countiy. There is no reason why we
should not economize in the South American
missions; and the interoceanic canal, I will
say to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] will be better cared for by some one
able, conspicuous minister, than by half a
dozen ministers who are never to be found
when wanted, and who only go there for the
purpose of spending money and of enjoying a
little olium cum dignitale.
The question was put upon concurring in
the Senate amendment; and there were—ayes
70, noes 31 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLM AN called for'.he yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 86, nays 92, not voting
01; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averill. Banks, Barber, Barry,
Realty, Bell, Bingham, Boles, Bullinton, Burchard,
Burdett, Clarke, Conner, Crocker, D.irrall, Dawes,
Dickoy, Ducll, Dunnell, Earner, Elliott, F'nrns-
wortb, Charles Foster, Wilder 1). Foster. Fryo.
Garfield, Goodrich, Hale, Hainbleton, llarmer.
Harper, George E. Harris, John W. Hnzelton, Hill,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogp, Lynch. MeGrew. Mc-
Junkin, MeKoe, Merriain, Monroe, Morey, Morgan,
Morplns, Leonard Myers, NcKley, Packard, Packer,
Isaac C. Parker. Pendleton, Aaron F.Perry. Peters,
Piatt, Poland, Ellis II. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Seeley, Shanks, Sheldon, Shoemaker. H.
Boardman Smith, Snapp, Sprasue, Starkweather,
Stevenson. Stoughton. Strong, St. John. Swann,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twiehcll,
Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Waldron. Wallace,
AVheeler, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, an<l John T. Wilson—86.
' NAYS—Messrs. Adains, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Bigby, Bikeck, Bird, Au.->tin Iil.iir, James G.
Blair. Braxton, Bmht. Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin
F. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Cobb, Cobiirn, Co-
minuo, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Crilcher,
Crossland. Davis, Donnan, I)ox, Duke, Eldi-ed^e,
FmkelnburK, Getz, Hancock, llandlev, Hanks, Joliu
T. Harris, Havens Hawley, Hay, Hays, llcretoni,
llibbard, Hoar, Holman, Kendall, Kerr, Kolcham,
IvillinKor, Kin?, Lumison, Leach, be wis. Man-on.
McConnick, McCrary, Mclntyrc, MciVeclv, Mer-
rick, Benjamin F. Meyer*, Mitchell, Orr, lalnicr.
Hoses W. Parker. Peck. Pcrce, Eli Perry. Riimcy,
Randall. Read, lidward Y. Rice. John M. Rice,
Robinson, Seofield, Sherwood, Slater, li. Milton
Spoor, Thomas J. Speer, Stevens, Storm. Suther-
land. Terry, Van Trump, VatiKban, Voorhees,
Walden, Wells, Whitthornc, Willard, Williams ot
New York, and Winchester—9:!.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker. Ames, Barnum,
Beveridse, Roderick It. Butler, Caldwell, Coghlan,
Creely, De Large, Du Bose, Ely. Farwell. Forker,
Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Giddiriprs, Golladay,
Griffith, Haldcman, llals-ey, Geny W. llazelton.
Herndon, Hooper, Kmsella., Lamport, Lan-sinfj.
Lowe, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland, Mcllenry,
McKinney, Mercur, Moore, Ni black, Porter,
Potter, Price, Pnndle, Ritchie, William R. Robcits,
Rogers, Roosevelt, Sei>MOiifc, Shellabarser, Shober,
Slocum, Sloss, John A. Smith. Worthinston <!.
Smith, Snyder, Stovvell, Sypher, Tafle, Diviffht
Townsend, Tuthill, Waddell, Walls,Warren, Wlnto-
ley, Wood, and Young—61.
So the House refused to concur in the first
amendment of the Senate.
