1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2553
the American people and claim that it shall
be continued in power. But, sir, I allude not
merely to an administration. I refer to the
course of the party itself. Look at its course.
When the Republican party was born, or almost
ere it was lifted from its cradle, the nation was
convulsed in the throes of a terrible revolu-
tion—a fearful rebellion, not excelled in des-
peration, in fell purpose, in organized force,
by any conspiracy or rebellion that ever as-
sailed the life of a nation. The Republican
party, whose members were unused perhaps
to grapple with these questions so formidably
forced upon them, strangled that rebellion.
The credit of the Government was dead in
face of it, but they created credit anew. Vast
armies were put into the field and great
navies improvised.
And more than that, sir. Besides rescuing
the nation from those perils, the Republican
party emancipated four million slaves. Show
me an act more illustrious in the world's
history ? It was done by the Republican party
in spite of objections raised on this floor and
throughout the country by our political oppo-
nents. More thau that, sir, after the war was
over and while the billows raised by re-
bellion were still beating against us—while the
storm was still in existence, the Republican
party went on and reconstructed the South.
It reconstructed it under great difficulties. It
reconstructed it in spite of implacable oppo-
sition ; but, sustained by the people, it recon-
structed the South, and now at last it must be
admitted there is peace iu the South.
More than that, it created a great debt in
accomplishing these results, but it has en-
deavored to reduce it. Since peace existed it
has in fact gone on and paid $300,000,000
of the public debt, besides reducing yearly
taxation by that amount.
Mr. Speaker, aside from the living measures
of the present is it not a party which may well
appeal to the people with confidence and suc-
cess? Is its work finished? Is amnesty yet
the law of the land? It is the sentiment of
the Republican Representatives of the people
upon this floor that amnesty is a duty to he
accomplished; all so admit as soon as it is
safe to be done. Many of us believe it is now
safe and should be done now. Until that duty
has been done the mission of the Republican
party is not accomplished. It is not accom-
plished so long as those called "hirelings" in
the war yet live to receive their pensions. The
duty of the Republican party is not discharged
until the time has passed when there is
danger that pensions will not be given to the
soldiers who fought to sustain the nation. The
mission of the party is not done until taxation
has been reduced so that the burdens of the
Government upon the people will be almost
imperceptible, in view of the growth of the
great resources of our people. The mission
of the Republican party is not done, sir, until
civil rights exist everywhere throughout the
laud for men of all colors and conditions, and,
as I may say as my private opinion, for both
sexes.
How was this party created originally? 1
will go back to 1856 when it had its inception.
How was the Republican party created? Was
it by disregarding all the means by which par-
ties obtain power? Was it by saying "We will
be a small and select party, and we will not
have politicians to aid us?" These gentlemen
who favor civil service reform hold up their
scheme as it were a picture before us, and say
"This is a horse." When we say it is not a
horse, for its ears are too long; it cannot be a
horse, because it is covered with hair, yet they
say we ought to believe that it is a horse.
[Laughter.] I wish to say to these gentlemen
who are in favor of civil service reform, and
who believe it will be a paradise on earth, that
they might as well say to a nation of Europe,
surrounded by jealous Powers, that they should
proclaim the virtues of peace and disarm,
xhey might paint the horrors of war and i-|
point to villages and towns ravaged and de-
stroyed, while fields are red with the blood
of war. They might argue that all these
things should stop ; that as lovers of peace,
the nation should dismantle its fortifications
and disband its armies. If it did so, how
soon would its jealous neighbors encroach
upon its territory. It is absolutely necessary,
as has been well expressed, " in time of peace
to prepare for war." So with an honest party
and a successful party in power. It must not
disarm itself before its opponents. It must
use those honest and honorable means whereby
parties succeed, and I would not be in favor
of the use of any other means. Do not be-
lieve if we tie ourselves up the Democrats or
any other party will do the same thing.
if it is believed that being a Republican gives
no right of preference at the hands of our party
for any office except that of Presidency of the
United States, but that a Democrat has equal
chance for official favors, I ask whether we do
not repel from us men who aspire to fill some
humble station—an honest ambition, though
humble? For all such ambition a man had
better be a Democrat, for he has the right of
party favor with that party if it succeeds, and
which will never be denied to him, while he
has no disadvantage as such in getting office
under a Republican Administration. If the
principle of competitive examination is good
for most offices it must be for all, and if no
partyism is a merit for most it must bo for all,
and the logical sequence is to have such exam-
ination and disregard of party considerations
between the candidates at Cincinnati and
Philadelphia.
I say the Democratic or any other party
which is in opposition to us will use all the
weapons of warfare t.o overthrow this party.
And you strip your party of the means of
offense and defense.
The point has been attempted to be made
here that when Lincoln came into power his
hands were so full of the task of assigning men
to office that he was compelled to neglect
higher and more important duties. Sir, 1 was
here at that time, and I can say with Virgil,
"All of which I saw, and part I was." I know
the fact, and many around me know that in
these Departments, and wherever there were
Government officers throughout the land, there
were men who had been brought up iu alle-
giance to the ideas of secession, and of State
rights, and were antagonistic to the Union.
And one of the first and highest duties which
pressed on Lincoln was to clear out these nests
of traitors, and give their places to men who
loved their country and whose hearts were in
the cause. There were messages sent from
the bosoms of the Departments themselves
across the lines from confidential agents
therein, bequeathed from theformer Adminis-
tration, telling of our movements and the num-
ber of our troops; and our soldiers in the field
suffered and lost their lives through the actions
of these traitors. It was a high and holy duty
to clear them out. When gentlemen allude to
the fact that there was a change at that time,
and that the change was a disadvantage to the
country, I say, had it not been made, your
country would have been destroyed by these
serpents, these copperheads, wriggling in the
public Departments.
Now, the pending bill proposes that mem-
bers of Congress alone, of all men throughout
the United States, men who are selected pre-
sumptively for the confidence their constitu-
ents repose in them, men who have sufficient
talent and character to obtain positions oil
this floor and the floor of the other House,
that these shall be the only men in all the
United States who shall not have the power
of recommending appointment to and removal
from office ; and if they do this in spite of the
law, then the member of Congress so offend-
ing is to be subjected to a fine of not less than
$100 and not more than $1,000.
Will any gentleman standing here on this
floor say that he will vote for this hill with the
inference it conveys with it that he is a knave
and a villain? Why, sir. one of the statements
made by the civil service commission was
that Cabinet ministers need to have legislation
of this kind passed by Congress, and they
were accustomed to say that they were tempted
to use the patronage at their disposal to bribe
members of Congress to secure their votes in
favor of such schemes as they wanted to put
through Congress. If that be so, let the
tempters as well as the tempted be punished.
Let us have Cabinet ministers subjected to an
examination on the point of character, that it
it may be ascertained whether they are men
of such infirm moral purpose that it is neces-
sary they shall be shielded round by law to
prevent them from offering bribes. The bill
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Perry]
simply extends this, so that no judge or public
officer shall have any right to advise the Pres-
ident that a person is a fit or unfit nominee.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
from California yield to me for a single remark?
Mr. SARGENT. 1 yield to the gentleman,
although ray time is limited.
Mr. P1SHRY, of Ohio. I wish merely to
say that the gentleman from California obvi-
ously misapprehends the bill which I have
offered as a substitute for the hill of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Willaud.J
Mr. SARGENT. 1 think that 1 do not mis-
apprehend the gentleman's bill in its spirit. I
certainly do not intentionally misrepresent it.
However, I will let that pass upon the gentle-
man's statement and my own. If his bill is
more valuable than the one reported from the
committee in the respect as to which I have
spoken, 1 do not see it.
Rut it is provided further that if the opinion
of a member is asked in writing it may be
given, and that it then becomes an official
communication which may be brought before
Congress; otherwise, no matter what absurdity
is about to be enacted, he must be silent under
penalty. Furthermore, if any member or Del-
egate shall give his opinion or advice to the
President that a man is unfit for office and
ought to be removed in the interest of the
public service, that also is to be printed and
laid before Congress. Therefore, any man will
be deterred from expressing a well founded
suspicion unless the matter be notorious and
open, supported by evidence on which a petit
jury would feel justified in rendering a verdict.
Now, then, il members of Congress can be
trusted to advise, if they think that a man in
Government employment is riding fast, horses,
indulging in gambling, or in anything but not
actual stealing from the Government, and if a
member of Congress makes a statement of that
kind, he is liable to the personal enmity of the
individual and of a libel suit Members will
be silent and the Government suffer rather
than encounter such hazard. But those who
are opposed to members of Congress giving
advice in matters relating to the public ijervice
propose an alternative. What is their sub-
stitute? In the few minutes left me I have not
time to examine the rules exhaustively, but
the first rule is intended to controvert the prop-
osition that to the majority belong the offices,
or, as they phrase it, "to the victors belong
the spoils." It was objected to the original
draft that any rebel vviio writes a good hand or
a better hand thau a Republican could be put
in office. Now, we have rule one, which is as
follows:
"1. No person will bo appointed to any position
in the civil scrvico wbo shall not have furnished
satisfactory evidence of his fidelity to the Union
and the Constitution of the United States."
This is a surrender of any claim to consid-
eration for Republicans over their opponents,
if the Republicans succeed m reelecting their
President, and, as I believe, over rebels.
It has been the standing declaration ever
since the war commenced on the part of our
Democratic friends that they are the special
