1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong...2d Sesb.
t'XITKD .STATED MINT. 1MIAXCIIES, AXD ASSAY
orFK'IvM.
Mint at Philadelphia.
For salaries of the Director, treasurer,
assayer, meller and refiner, chief coiner and
engraver, assistant assayer, and seven clerks,
thirty-seven thousand nine hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, one
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses,
including wastage, new machinery, and re-
pairs, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For specimens of ores and coins, to be
preserved in the cabinet of the Mint, six hun-
dred dollars; for freight on bullion and coin,
five thousand dollars.
Branch Mint at San Francisco, California.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer,
assayer, melter and refiner, coiner, and six
clerks, thirty thousand five hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, two
hundred thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses,
repairs, and wastage, fifty-nine thousand five
hundred and forty-five dollars.
Branch Mint at Carson City, Nevada.
For salaries of superintendent, assayer,
melter and refiner, and coiner, and four
clerks, seventeen thousand nine hundred
dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, fifty-
four thousand dollars.
For chemicals, charcoal, wood, and inci-
dental expenses, seventeen thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
Assay Office, New York.
For salary of superintendent, four thousand
five hundred dollars; for salary of assayer,
three thousand dollars; for salary of melter
and refiner, three thousand dollars ; for salary
of assistant assayer, two thousand dollars; for
salary of deputy treasurer, three thousand
dollars; for compensation of clerks, at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
ten thousand two hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, sixty-eight thousand
dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses,
twenty-two thousand dollars.
Branch Mint at Denver.
For assayer (who shall have charge of said
mint), two thousand five hundred dollars; for
melter, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, fifteen thousand
three hundred and thirty-five dollars.
For three clerks, at one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars each, five thousand four hundred
dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses,
including repairs and wastage, five thousand
dollars.
^ssay Office at Boise City, Idaho.
For salaries of assayer, who shall have
charge ot the assay office, melter and refiner,
and eieik, five thousand four hundred dollars;
and the offices of superintendent and-one clerk
are hereby abolished after July first, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two.
For wages of workmen, three thousand
dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, one
thousand five hundred dollais.
Branch Mint at Charlotte, North Carolina.
For assayer, fifteen hundred dollars; for i
wages of workmen, fourteen hundred and >
ninety two dollars. _ _ j
For chemicals, charcoal, and incidental 1
and miscellaneous expenses, fifteen hundred t
dollars. i
GOVERNMENTS IN TEE TERRITORIES.
Territory of Arizona.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice and
two associate judges, secretary, interpreter
and translator in the executive office, fourteen
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, officers,
clerks, and contingent expenses thereof,
twenty thousand dollars: Provided, That
hereafter no expense for printing exceeding
four thousand dollars, including printing laws,
journals, bill?, and necessary printing of the
same nature, shall be incurred for any session
of the Legislature of any of the Territories.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
Territory of Colorado,
For salaries of Governor and superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, chief justice and two
associate judges, and secretary, thirteen
thousand three hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the secretary's
office in Colorado Territory, for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, two thousand dollars.
Territory of Dakota.
For salaries of Governor and superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, chief justice and two
associate judges, and secretary, thirteen
thousand three hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, officers,
clerks, and contingent expenses thereof,
twenty thousand dollars.
Territory of Idaho.
For salaries of Governor and superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, chief justice and two
associate judges, and secretary, thirteen
thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, officers,
i clerks, and contingent expenses thereof, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Montana.
For compensation of Governor, chief jus-
tice and two associate judges, and secretary,
thirteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the secretary's
office, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-three, two thou-
sand dollars.
Territory of New Mexico.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice and
two associate judges, and secretary, and ex-
offieio superintendent of public buildings and
grounds, thirteen thousaud five hundred dol-
lars.
For interpreter and translator in the execu-
tive office, five hundred dollars ; for contin-
gent expenses of the Territory, one thousand
dollars.
Territory of Utah.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, two
associate judges, and secretary, thiiteen thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
Territory of Washington.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, two
associate judges, and secretary, fourteen thou-
sand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
Territory of Wyoming.
For salaries of Governor and superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, chief justice, two asso-
ciate judges, and secretary, thirteen thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
District of Columbia,
For salary of the Governor, three thousand
dollars ; for salary of the secretary, two thou-
sand dollars; for pay of the members of the
Council, two thousand eight hundred and
eighty dollars; for salaries of the members of
the Board of Public Works, ten thousand dol-
lars ; for salaries of the members of the Board
of Health, at two thousand dollars each, ten
thousand dollars: Provided, That no part of
the sum hereby appropriated shall be paid to
any member of such boards who shall hold
any other Federal office.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Interior, eight thousand dollars; Assistant Sec-
retary, three thousand five hundred dollars;
chief clerk; four clerks of class four, any of
whom may be paid two hundred dollars extra,
if the Secretary of the Interior deem it neces-
sary and proper; five clerks of class four, one
of whom may be designated by the Secretary
to act as superintendent of the building, who
shall receive two hundred dollars additional
compensation per annum ; additional to three
disbursing clerks, three clerks of class three,
four clerks of class two, and one clerk of class
one; one messenger, two assistant messengers
at seven hundred and twenty dollars each, and
three laborers in his office ; in all, forty-seven
thousand five hundred and forty dollars.
For one captain of the watch, twelve hun-
dred dollars, and twenty-eight watchmen for
the general service of the Interior Depart-
ment building, and all the bureaus therein, to
be allotted to day or night service, as the Sec-
retary of the Interior may direct, twenty-one
thousand three hundred and sixty dollars.
For stationery, furniture, advertising, books,
and maps for the library, and miscellaneous
items, twelve thousand dollars.
For expenses of packing and distributing
official documents, including salary of super-
intendent, five thousand dollars.
For rent and fitting up of rooms for the use
of the Pension Office and for the Bureau of
Education, sixteen thousand dollars.
For casual repairs of the Department build-
ing, ten thousand dollars.
For fuel, light, and salary of the engineer,
at. fourteen hundred dollars, and repairs of the
heating apparatus, eighteen thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
General Land Office.
For Commissioner of the General Land
Office, three thousand dollars; chief clerk,
two thousand dollars ; recorder, two thousand
dollars; three principal clerks, at one thou-
sand eight hundred dollars each; three clerks
of class four, twenty-three clerks of class
three, forty clerks of class two, forty clerks
of class one; one draughtsman, at one thou-
sand six hundred dollars; one assistant
draughtsman, at one thousand four hundred
dollars; two messengers, three assistant mes-
sengers, seven laborers, and two packers ; in
all, one hundred and seventy-one thousand
nine hundred and twenty dollars. Also, for
additional clerks on account of military
bounty lands, viz, for principal clerk, two
thousand dollars; one clerk of class three,
four clerks of class two, thirty-five clerks of
class one, and two laborers; in all, fifty-two
