2554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
guards of the Constitution. We never passed
a war measure without being aecused by them
of violating the Constitution. They will in-
sist now that we are not the friends of the
Constitution; that, they sought to save that
instrument, and still do so; and if that will
exclude any rebel, I do not see it, for they
cif«m_ that they fought to preserve the Con-
stitution as they understood it, and that the
Republicans violated the Constitution by fight-
ing for it, and consequently the rebels, and not
Republicans, were friends of the Constitution,
'fake rule two, which is as follows :
"2. The evidence in regard to character, health,
age, and knowledge of the English language re-
quired by the firstrule shrill be furnished in writ-
ing, and if such evidence shall be satisfactory to the
board of examiners, or to the person or persons
designated by (heui to conduct the examination, the
a-ppheaut shall be notified when and where to ap-
pear for examination ; but when the applicants are
so numerous that the examination ot all whose pre-
liminary papers are satisfactory is plainly imprac-
ticable, the board shall select for examination a
practicable number of thoso who are apparently
best qualified."
This authorizes the examiners to select can-
didates to be examined. Does not that give
room for favoritism on the part of the board,
a body that has no responsibility, that if it
take bribes nobody can reach, because it is
unknown to the law ? By this second rule all
these boards may exclude the meritoiious can-
didates and examine only a few of those that
will pay for or influence the preference.
Here is another point in the third rule, which
says:
"3. Examinations to fill vacancies in any of the
Executive Departments in Washington shall be held
not only at the city ot Washington, but also when
directed by the advi.ioiy board in the several States,
either at the capital or other convenient place."
Why, what an expensive machinery that is
to get a clerk for the Treasury Department, for
instance. Can 1 say anything to stamp the
absurdity of it? The idea that when the head
of the Department wants a clerk he must ap-
point an advisory board to meet in the several
Slates to get clerks here! The answer to the
objection J make is by the civil service com-
missioners,^ that if advisory boards are not
appointed in the States for this purpose, all
the offices here will be filled from Maryland,
Virginia, and the District of Columbia. So
they avoid Scylla to tall into Charybdis.
i lien lake the sixth rule, which is as follows:
"6. Whon a vacancy occurs in a consular office, of
"which the Jaw ful unnua 1 compensation is three thou-
sand dollars or more, it will bo tilled at the disere-
tionof the President, either by the transfer of some
person already in the service or by a now appoint-
ment, which may bo oxcepted fiom the operation of
tberules. But if tho vacancy occur in  n office of
which the Jawhil annual compensation, by salary or
by lee.* ascertained by the last official returns, is
uiore than one thousand dollars and less than three
thousand dollars, and it is not filled by transfer,
applications will be addressed to the Secretary of
btate. inclosing proper certificate> of character, re-
sponsibility. and capacity, and the Secretary will
notiiy the applicant who, upon investigation, ap-
pears to be mo*>t suitable and competent, to attend
lor examination: and if ho shall be found qualified,
he will be nominated for confirmation: but if not
lound qualiiied, or it his nomination be not confirmed
by the feenute, the Secrctaiy will proceed in like
inarmcr wi th the other applicants who appear to him
to be (fiialilied. If, however, no applicants under
this regulation shall bo tound suitable and qualified
tbe vacancy will be filled at discretion. The ap-
pointment of commercial agents and consuls whose
annual compensation is $1,000 or less, (if derived
from h-co, the amount to be ascertained by the
last oiheml returns,) of vice consuls, deputy consuls
and ot consular agents and other officers who are
appointed upon the nomination ol the principal
ofneer, and tor whom he is rcbponsible upon his
oniQial bond, may be. until othei wise ordered ex-
cepted from the operation of the rules."
Consuls at salaries of $3,000 are exceptions
to this rule, but those whose salaries are below
that-amount are subjected to examination.
Now, it seems to me that if an examination
is necessary at all to show the competency of
the candidate tor office, it is as necessary in
reference to an officer of a higher grade who
has greater responsibilities than it is for those
ol^a lower grade. But I must hurry on.
The seventh rule provides as follows :
"7. When a vacancy occurs in the office of col-
lector of the customs, naval officer, appraiser, or
surveyor of the customs, in the customs districts of
New York, Boston and Charlestosvn, Baltimore,
San Francisco, New Orleans, Philadelphia, Ver-
mont. (Burlington,) Oswego, Niagara, Buffalo Creek,
Charaplain, Portland and Falmouth, Corpus Christi,
Oswegatchio, Mobile, Brazos de Santiago, (Browns-
ville.) Texas, (Galveston, &e..) Savannah, Charles-
ton, Chicago, or Detroit, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall ascertain if any of the subordinates in. the
customs district in which such vacancy occurs are
suitable persons qualified todischarge efficiently the
duties ot the office to be filled, and if such persons
be found, he shall certify to the President the name
or names of those subordinates, not exceeding three,
who, in his judgment, are best qualified for the
position, for which the President will make the
nomination to fill the vacancy. Bat if no such sub-
ordinate be found qualified, or if the nomination
be not confirmed, the nomination will be made at
the discretion of tbe President."
Now, without, stopping to remark, in the few
minutes that I have left, upon the idea that
in certain cases it shall be within the discre-
tion of the President, when the Constitution
makes it in the discretion of the President in
allcases, and the limitation is unconstitutional,
I call attention to the fact that only a few per-
sons can possibly aspire for the offices named.
General competition is impossible. All the
outside world are excluded. What will be-
come of " the young men fresh from colleges?"
They cannot go before a board and be exam-
ined. The Secretary of the Treasury is com-
pelled to go into the custom-house to ascertain
if any of the clerks there can be found to fill
the place.
But this is made worse by rule seventeen,
which Hays:
" Nothing in these rules andregulationsshall pre-
vent the reappointment at discretion of the incum-
bents of any office the term of which is fixed bylaw,
and when such reappointment id made, no vacancy
within the meaning of the rules shall be deemed to
have recurred."
Wheu a vacancy in the ordinary acceptation
does occur, what is the consequence? There
is no competitive examination, but under this
rule a person in office may be reappoiuled
eternally, or as long as he and the appointing
power do both live." What patronage has
put together let no man putasunder. [Laugh-
ter.] There can be no competition with him
from the outside, and there can be no exam-
ination of him as to his fitness for office intel-
lectually or morally.
Now, as the offices are all filled under this
u miserable system,'1 as gentlemen say, with
scoundrels and improper persons, there should
be at least a provision that when a term of
office has expired by limitation of law there
should be a competitive examination in order
to be able to obtain a better class of officers
so far as that would give them to us. But no,
says the board, the men who are now in
office shall not be touched, and when their
terms of office expire there shall not be
deemed to be any vacancy withinthe meaning
of these rules. They can have the appoint-
ments, and no one can compete with them. Is
that fair? Is it honest? Is it not illogical?
Furthermore, these rules are inconsistent
with themselves. I have not time to go over
them all, but I will call attention to the fact
there is a very different rule prescribed for
registers and receivers of the land office, which
are as important as a surveyor of a port or a
postmaster. Kule thirteen is as follows;
" When a vacancy occurs in the office of register
or receiver of the land office, or of pension agent
applications in writing from residents in thedistriet
m which the vacancy occurs may be addressed to the
feccretary of the interim, inclosing proper certili-
cates ot character, responsibility, and capacity: and
it any of the applicants shall be found suitable and
qualified, the name or names, not exceeding three
o the best qualified, shall bo certified by the board
ot examiners to the Secretary, and from this list the
nomination will be made. If, however, 110 appli-
cants under this regulation shall be found suitable
and qualified, the nomination will be made at dis-
cretion.
Why not in this case also take persons em-
ployed in the office. 1 he registers and re-
ceivers of the land office are men who pass
upon various land Questions. In my State
they are very important officers, and I have
no doubt they are so in other States. In
every mining State they have to pass upon
important questions of mining rights, whether
the lands in question are more valuable Cor
agricultural than lor mining purposes. They
exercise very large discretionary powers in the
discharge of the duties of their office, and
need to be pretty good lawyers and very
honest men. Why is not the same rule applied
to them that is applied to the surveyor of a
port or to a postmaster? Why is it provided
that a man who has been in the office, a head
clerk, or any clerk, shall not be allowed to
take the place of a register or receiver, as in
the case of surveyor of a port? If tlieie is
any good in that provision why not extend it?
As i said before, these rules are inconsistent
with themselves.
Furthermore, Indian agents and superin-
tendents are to be exempted from the opera-
tion of these provisions, as will be seen by the
following rule:
" 15. Appointments to fill vacancies occurring in
offices in the several Territories, excepting those of
judges of the United States courts, Indian agents,
and superintendents, will be made from suitable
and qualified persons domiciled in the Territory in
which the vacancy occurs, it any such are found.'1
These rules are not to apply to them. For
God's sake, why not? Is there any branch of
the public service that for the last fifty years
has been moie denounced as festering with
corruption? Is there any other branch of the
public service in which there are more oppor-
tunities to rob the poor Indian, to rob the
Government, and to swindle the Treasury than
in the Indian service? And yet it is specially
provided that in those offices there shall be no
competitive examination. Am I not right in
saying that these rules are inconsistent with
themselves ?
If I had time, which I have not, for I have
promised to yield half of my time to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctler,] 1
would proceed with a further analysis of these
rules, and show that ihe House was right the
other day in saying that such rules should not
be put 111 force all over the Uiltted States.
Who knows the number of these boards, of
how many members they shall consist, or what
shall be their pay? Who shall hold them to
responsibility, and by what means ? Who shall
prevent favoritism by them? Who shall ex-
amine them as to their capacity or character?
I wish to say that I dissent utterly from the
assertion which has been made here that the
civil service of this Government is corrupt in
all its departments. Sir, go through these
departments, and you will see respectable men
and women diligently discharging their duties.
Are there any defalcations among them ?
Look all over the country and see how well
our oflicers discharge their duty. Republicans
who by their course upon measures like these
give countenance to the aspersions of the ene-
mies of the Administration are guilty of indi.-
cretion at least—I will not say of bad faith to
their party. It is their duty here to give the
Administration all reasonable help. They are
called upon to make an honest and due defense ;
yet they confess the case against us, in spite of
evidences on every hand that the aspersions
made against our party are inventions of our
defamers. Shame, shame upon men who l ave
not the manliness to stand up and defend their
party on this floor when it is unjustly assailed.
I say, and I say it proudly, that I am not
ashamed of the Republican party ; I am not
ashamed of its principles ; I am not ashamed
of its achievements; 1 am not ashamed of the
humblest workers in its ranks, who are stig-
matized as u politicians."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, addressed
the House m remarks which will be published
in the Appendix j and in conclusion moved
that the bill and pending amendments be
recommitted.
J-jYNCH. I desire to offer as a substi-
tute the amendment which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
