3450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
The Clerk read as follows:
On sawed boards, plank, deals, and other lumber
of pine, hemlock, white-wood, sycamoro, and bass-
wood, one dollar per thousand i'oet board measure :
Provided, lhat when lumber of any sort is phined
or iinished, in addition to the rates herein pro-
vided, there shall bo levied and paid, lor eaoh side
so planed or finished, one dollar per thousand feet;
and if planed on oneside and tongued and grooved,
two dollars per thousand feet; and if planed on two
sides and tongued and grooved, $2 50 per thousand
feet.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope this will not be done.
Trees, like air, ought to be free. The bill
gives ten per cent, ad valorem to cut down
every tree in our forests, when the true policy
is to give ten per cent, ad valorem for every
piece of lumber which comes from Canada
and Nova Scotia, to make them cut down their
forests and preserve ours. There are only
three States interested in this, while there are
thirty-{'our Stales interested in having lumber
as free as air, as free as water. I think the
duty of ten per cent, ad valorem, is enough.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I ask the committee to
give me the privilege of amending the third sec-
tion of this bill, the paragraph preceding this.
I was on my feet all the time, but was misled.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair wiil give
ihe gentleman the floor to ask unanimous con-
sent ol the committee to go back after the
pending amendment is disposed of.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] tells the
House there are but three States in the (Jnion
which furnish lumber lor the Union, and be-
cause there are but three Stales he appeals to
this House to pass a bill which shall ruin the
industries of those three States and bankrupt
Ihe people of those States by thousands. Such
an appeal, J venture to say, will not be made
to gentlemen of the House successfully. Be-
cause thiity four States may wish to get their
lumber for nothing, is the great interest of
three States lo be ruined? If I thought such
a motive would have weight with the House I
should turn away in despair of ever having
auy just legislation here. But, sir, there aie
fifieeo Stat-es in the Union which have lumber,
fifteen States in the Union whose people are
interested in having the products of their
forests bring a fair remunerative price and
llot be subject lo Ihe Unciuations which the
influx of the foreign product, may have upon
them whenever the price of lumber may war-
rant us intieduction.
Mr. Chainnan, the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Maine leduces the duty on Lumber
over one third of its present duly. Jt is a
proposition which the gentleman irotu Maine,
in my humble judgment, ought nor, to have
made to this House. It is a proposition which
would barely save, if at all, ihe lumber inter-
ests m the lumber S'atcs. I wish lo say to the
committee tint in the three lumber Slates ol'
Michigan. Wisconsin, and Minnesota ihe liies
of la^t I.til have swept over those Spates, de-
stroying the forests. Jt is an absolute neces-
sity to make the lumber there at once in order
to save it from being uestroyed by worms, to
save it from being rendered utterly worthless
and valueless to anybody. The necessity,
therefore, compels them to come to maiket
this year with one half more lumber than would
otherwise be thrown upon the maiket. And
the gent'emau proposes at this very time,
when our States have been swept over by fires
and binned, and scorched, and blackened;
when the fires have swept over ourfoieMs and
our farms, at this very time, I sa\, the gentle-
man from Maine proposes to revise ihe duty
on lumber and to permit Canadian lumber to
be thrown into our market to destroy our lum-
ber interest, and to ruin the people engaged in
it. Is that, fair or just, and especially after
the House has extended its liberalily to a city
which also suffered by the lire? Shall we so
act here as to destroy the interests of these
States? Should we not rather in every way
seek to save them ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT*
The committee informally rose; and a mes-
sage in writing was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by Mr. Pouter, one
of his Secretaries.
tariff.
The committee again resumed its session.
Mr. COX. I wish to move an amendment
that all lumber used in ship-building, fencing,
and buildings of all kinds shall be exempt
from duty.
Mr. PETERS. I raise the point of order
that that subject cannot be reached until we
come to the free list.
Mr. COX. That is no point of order.
Mr. PETERS. The point of order is that
the gentleman's amendment is not in order.
Mr. COX. If the point of order is sus-
tained, I will move to strike out the last word,
to enable me to offer a few remarks. Does
the Chair rule that, the amendment is out of
order ?
'Lhe CHAIRMAN. The amendment 1ms
not yet been sent to the Chair. The gentle-
man can make his remarks on the amendment
to strike out the last word.
Mr. COX. I offer that amendment. I
think it is very generally conceded that with
a view to the common interest the body of the
people should have cheap transportation. I
do not think that this House is aware of the
immense amount of timber which is now con-
sumed by the railroads of this country. There
is a sum equal to ^o8,5()0,()()() used actually in
the election aud repair of lailroad buildings,
which comes into the cost of transportation.
The umber on an a*ea of one hundred and
{iffy thousand acres is cut every year for the
purpose of supplying railroad sleepers alone.
There i*i wood to the value of some fifty-six
million dollars per annum consumed by the
running of locomotives in (he form of fuel;
and that is one of the reasons, [ believe, which
induced mv friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
11 Ai.nt:.vi.\N'j to bring in his bill for the protec-
tion of our forests.
Moieovi r, Mr. Chairman, oven this ten per
cent, duiy ad valorem on lumber is a tax upon
eveiy man, woman, and child in this country
who live; in a homo and under a roof; aud I
propo.-e hereafter to move to except not only
timber for houses, but all kinds of fencing, as
was proposed aud as passed the House yes-
terday. Why should this not be done? if
we cannot succeed in that 1 propose to cut
down the duty to five per cent., and if that
is adopted every householder will thank this
House for it.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman allow
me lo si? k him a quest.ou?
Mr. COX. C"rrai;ily.
Mr. CONGEIi. i a'-k the gentleman if lie
knows' that hncing is more expensive in its
manufacture and requires moie labor than
oi her kinds of lumber? And yet the gentle-
mrin would have it iree.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is speaking of
picket fencing, ! suppose.
Mr. CONGER. No, sir; I am speaking
of strips.
.Mr. COX. I know this, that where you add
to the tariil on any article you add to its price ;
I know that is an axiom m political economy ;
and if I can cut down this duty to five per
cent, ad lalortni, to that extent I help the
people who live in houses.
Mr. OOXGIJR. No, sir; you will not. I
will tell the gentleman that if he destroys
our mills and lumbermen, the man who bays
fencing or lumber of any ki.sd will have to pay
double for it in the course of two years' time.
Mr. COX. We will not dispute about that
jubt now. I do not see why these gentlemen
from Maine, Michigan, aud Wisconsin are so
solicitous to keep up a high tax, specific or ad
valorem, on lumber, unless it puis money in
then pockets, aud where does this money come
from?
Mr. CONGER. It keeps an even market;
that is what it does.
Mr. COX. I do not propose by congres-
sional legislation to regulate the prices of com-
modities in this country. We have enough to
do to mind our own business. I am in favor
of allowing Canadian lumber to come in.
Mr. CONGER. E know it.
Mr. COX. And it is as good lumber as
ours, and must be a good deal cheaper. Our
forests are being fast cut down, aud as my
colleague from New York [Mr. Brooks] lias
well said, there should be a premium, if we
legislate at all, on the importation of lumber,
for the protection of our forests. 1 am
opposed to taxing what furnishes as shelter
from the elements. Gentlemen can reduce
Ihe (axes on tea, coffee, sugar, and the like ;
why not on the shelter of the roof which
covers our households?
Mr. PETEltS. Mr. Chairman, the amend-
ment offered by my colleague [Mr. Lynch] is
for the purpose of avoiding a contest on this
question of lumber. After full examination,
those interested in this production have come
to the conclusion that one dollar per thousand
upon lumber is about equivalent to the leu per
cent, in the bill, but probably slightly better.
Now, while the present tariff on all articles
is on the average about forty seven per cent.,
the tariff upon lumber is only twenty percent.
ad valorem. While those who are engaged in
the business of lumbering are paying taxes
 nd burdens of all descriptions, we have very
little protection oil this interest in which so
large a portion of the people of my State are
engaged.
Now, look at it. Fn a portion of Maine we
carry ou lumbering upon opposite sides of the
same river with the people of New Bruns-
wick. The competition goes on between
Maine and New Brunswick on the very banks
of the St. John and its great tributaries. If
we cou'd go into that province and buy our
lumbering supplies, which we cannot do, as
under our tariff we cannot afford to buy a dol-
lar's worth there, we would a?>k no tariff on
lumber. We cannot go into that province or
into Canada to buy our provisions, to buy our
gram, to buy our clothing. Our merchants and
lumbermen are not allowed to go to Quebec
and Montreal to purchase the supplies lor the
woods on account ol our high tariil on the arti-
cles, but they have to go through the provinces
to Chicago and Detroit and other places ia
the West to make such purchases.
We iiave heretofore refused to continue a
reciprocity tieaty with Canada and the other
provinces, and the proposit ion of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. CoxJ and others on the
floor will be equivalent, to giving our provin-
cial neighbors our markets without a treaty of
reciprocity, and we to have no reciprocal rela-
tions with them, and no use of their markets.
Why, sir, if you reduce this duty to the
smallest amount claimed as reasonable ou the
other side of the House, it vvdl be directly
protecting the industries and emerpii-.es of
the provinces, and take all sorts of protection
from us. It seems to me to he a very pal-
pable thing that while the lumbermen are pay-
ing so large taxes, and in so many different
ways, and m such variety of fonn, under the
general tariff rates, they ought to have some
protection in return. Sir, while we are pay-
ing our proportion of the gieat national debt,
large State taxes, county taxes, and ewrpoia-
tiou taxes, our neighbors of New Brunswick,
our principal competitor, hardly know what
taxation means. Their labor is cheaper than
ours, poorer in all respects than oui\s. It is
not fed as well as ours. Labor there does
not fill the churches aud schools like ours.
I claim that as ari equivalent tor ah these
burdens and disadvantages the lumbermen of
this country should have a reasonable protec-
tion.
Mr. STORM. In my opinion the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
