1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2555
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill
ana insert the following:
That nil recommendations made by any member
of Congress or DMeg-itc from a. Territory, to the
President of Ihe Umterl States, or to any head of a
Department or of any bureau, for the appointment
of any person to or removal from offiee, sh&li be
mnde in writing, givina; the reasons why such ap-
pointment or removal should be made. Any such
recommendations to the President or head of a
Department l>y any member orDelegata shall be
regarded as offici.ii, and shall at all times be open to
the inspection of members and Delegates: and cop-
ies thereof shall be transmitted to either House of
Congress whenever called for by them, for informa-
tion or publication. All appointments and removals
concerning whieh communications shall have been
received by the President or heads of Departments
from members or Delegates shall bo reported to
Congress at the session thereof next after such ap-
pointment or removal shall have been made, together
with all correspondence with or communications
from members or Delegates respecting the saino.
Mr. KANDALL. Mr. Speaker, most of
the time given to the debate thus (ar has been
occupied by gentlemen on the other side of
the House in painting the Devil black. Now
I want, and perhaps some others on this side
also desire, to paint him white. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Three hours thus far have
been occupied by gentlemen in advocacy of
the bill. The gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Lynch,] a member of the committee, is now
entitled to the floor to speak in opposition to
the bill
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest to the gentle-
man fiom Maine. [Mr. Lynoii] that he allow
an adjournment, so that this discussion may
be icsumed to-morrow.
Mr. LYNCH. A3 1 am obliged to leave
town, I prefer to make my remarks at the
present time.
Mr. HOLMAN. What, is the order as to
the time when the previous question is to
operate upon this bill?
The SPEAKER. At half past four the
previous question will be considered as oper-
ating on th« bill and pending amendments.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to interrupt the
operation of the previous question. 1 do not
wish to interfere with the speech of the gentle-
man from Maine, but perhaps the House may
give unanimous consent I hat the debate shall
extend through to-morrow after the morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. To-morrow at twoo'clock
the Committee for the District of Columbia
will be entitled to the floor.
Mr. RANDALL I propose to interrupt
the business of the District Committee.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] asks unanimous con-
sent that this debate may proceed through
to-morrow.
Mr. PETERS. I object.
The SPEAKER. The several amendments
which have been offered are considered as
pending by unanimous consent, and to them
the motion ot the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, to recommit the bill and a mendments,
will apply,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Lynch ] yields to me to move
that all the amendments which have been
otfeied be printed, so that they may be before
the House in print when we vote upon the
question to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec
tion, and it, will be so ordered.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I recognize
the necessity of reform m the civil service
of the Government; am anxious to see such
reform carried out, and will favor any meas-
ure which in my judgment is calculated to
effect that result.
I agree with my colleagues on the commit-
tee. the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wil-
laiU)] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Perry] who have spoken so earnestly and
eloquently on the subject, that the whole ten-
dency of the dispensation of patronage by the
Government is to corrupt and demoralize the
party which controls it, and I have honestly
endeavored to find some remedy for the evil
which can be practically applied.
I do not agree with ray colleagues that the
evils existing in the civil service result mainly
from what is termed the interference of mem-
bers of Congress with appointments to office,
and I am unable to see how the abuses con-
nected with appointments to and removals
fiom office are to be coirected, the appoint-
ment of honest and competent officers secured,
or the removal of such officers prevented by
any laws we may pass here.
The whole matter appears to me to be one
of administration, and pertains not to the
legislative but to the executive branch of the
Government. Under (he Constitution the
President is charged with the execution of
the laws. In the language of the Constitution
"he shall take care that the laws be faithfully
executed."
Made by the Constitution responsible for
the faithful execution of the laws, he is prop-
erly clothed with power to appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
subordinate Federal officers. He appoints alt
Federal officers of the higher grades, who in
turn appoint their subordinates, each being
responsible to his supeiior, and all responsible
to the chief executive head, the President,
who in turn is responsible to the people,
through their Representatives, for the faithful
discharge of his duties under the Constitution.
The theory of our Government is that the
people are the source of all political power;
that their will is expressed to the President
officially through their Representatives, and
when so expressed, his duty is to execute;
and to enable him to perform this duty he is
clothed with the power to appoint his subor-
dinate executive officers.
There is no lack of power, no want of au-
thoiity, no necessity tor any law to aid the
President in the matter of making appoint-
ments to office. He may appoint whomsoever
he elects, subject to the approval of the Sen-
ate, and has full power in tegard to removals
from office. He may obtain information in
regard to the qualifications for office of any
candidate presented, from any source, and is
at liberty to accept or reject any recommenda-
tions which may be made, either in regaid to
appointments or removals.
Now, what are the abuses we are seeking to
correct; the evils we are trying to remedy;
the reforms we desire to have carried out in
the civil service of the Government?
It is, as I have said, charged that they result
from the unwarranted interference of mem-
bers of Congress with the Executive Depart-
ments in the matter of appointment and
removal of Federal officers ; that the custom
of making such appointments and removals
upon the recommendation of members of Con-
gress of the dominant party having obtained
in the Government, the patronage thus ac-
quired has come to be used for the personal
advantage of the member controlling it, and as
a means of prolonging his own term of office ;
that this practice has resulted in filling the
Federal offices of the country with incompe-
tent and corrupt men, whose only qualifica-
tions are their ability to control ward cau-
cuses and conventions and their usefulness
generally to the member obtaining their
appointment.
That there is a basis of truth for this charge
to rest upon I do not deny. 1 have no doubt
that the right (foi I consider it a right whether
exercised by the people directly or through their
Representatives) to recommend the appoint-
ment or removal of Federal officers is m many
cases abused, and that instead of being used
in the interests of the public service it is often
prostituted to subserve private ends.
My own observation, however, is that the
officers of the Government arc, as a class, as
honest and as capable as the average of men
employed in responsible business positions,
and as honest and competent as officers who
a.re elected by the people ; and that the Gov-
ernment is as well served as business corpora-
tions.
Abuses are inseparably connected with the
distribution of patronage. The power to ap-
point and remove fifty or sixty thousand men
with aggregate salaries of nearly thirty million
dollars is, by whomsoever exercised, a fearful
one.
But I think that experience has demon-
strated that this power is more dangerous
when exercised by a single man or by a
Department or branch of the Government
than when, to a certain extent, it is divided.
In proof of this I need only refer to the use
that has been made of Government patronage
under former Administrations to force through
Congress Administration measures. The worst
measures of the worst Administrations have
been forced through Congress by the corrupt
use of the patronage of the Government ;
tiot by admitting to the Representatives of
the people the right to advise in regard to
appointments in their respective districts, but
under the very principle wliich is embraced in
the bill which is now under consideration.
Let us see what connection members of
Congress now have with the appointing power.
I understand it to be this: that all officers
whose jurisdiction is embraced within a con-
gressional district are, by a recognized rule of
the Departments and the President, appointed
upon the recommendition of the member rep-
resenting the district, if he is of the dom-
inant paity; and all officers who have larger
jurisdiction than a congressional district within
a State are appointed upon the recommenda-
tion of the Senators of such State. What the
practice is iu regard to districts and States
represented by the opponents of the Adminis-
tration I am not advised.
So far as regards the appointments made
upon the recommendation of Representatives,
I think the rule or practice a proper one, and
founded upon a correct principle.
The people have the same interest in the
proper administration of laws, and that proper
persons shall be appointed to execute them,
that they have in the passage of good laws;
and as it is not practicable for them to act
directly in regard to the appointment of such
officers, they act through their Representatives.
These Representatives may betray the trust
confided to them in this, as they may m any
other matter. They may through ignorance
or from corrupt motives secure the appoint-
ment of dishonest and incompetent, officials,
as they may aid in the enactment of bad laws.
But in eilhercase the evil cannot long exist,
as the term of office is short, and the remedy
can soon be applied. If through the influence
of Federal officers a member of Congress is
enabled to control conventions, and tbu;; pro-
long his term of service, the fault is with the
people who neglect their political duties.
The power is with them. If they fail to ex-
ercise it, the fault is their own. I am unable
to see why a person who can be trusted to
make the laws of the country should by law
be branded as unlit to be trusted with the
lesser responsibility of recommending the
appointment of officers to execute those laws.
I have said that I believed the practice winch
has obtained of acting upon the recommenda-
tions of Representatives in Congress iu mak-
ing appointments a correct one. I think it
should be extended lather than curtailed, for
the reason that power is thus kept more within
the control of the people.
I think Senators should not make any rec-
ommendations with regard to appointments,
as it tends to unfit them for passing impar-
tially upon the confirmation of such appoint-
ments.
Mr. HOLMAN. If thegentleman's theory
is cotrect, i would like to know in what man-
ner be would make appointments in districts
not represented by members of the dominant
party, is he not aware that now, according
