1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4347
and consent to tbe following changes in the Senate
bill, namely: in line ten, after tbe word "hands,"
insert "or sha!I have lost both feet/' and in line
fourteen of said bill, after the word "of," insert
"&31 2d," in lieu of "thirty dollars per month ;" and
in line fifteen of said bill strike out the words " both
feet;" and in line sixteen of said bill strike out the
word "or;" andin line twenty-six of said bill, after
thi" word" monthly," strike out all thereafter follow-
ing, and insert " Irom and after the 4th dayof June;
1871"
D. D. PRATT.
GEORGE F. EDMUNDS,
E. SAULSJBURY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
E. D. PECK.
JOHN I. BIRD,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2705) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, the pending question being on the
amendment, of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, to strike out the sixth section of the bill
as amended by the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I offer this as a substitute for
the amendment heretofore made on the fifth
page iti place of lines eighty-eight and eighty
nine, the appropriations for the contingent
expenses of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out in lines eighty-eight and eighiy-nine,
" for miscellaneous items for the current fiscal
year, $15,000," and to insert in lieu thereof:
For miscellaneous items, 88,000; furniture and
repairs, 63,030; for fuel, oil, and cotton-waste for
heating apparatus, $1,000 for the current fiscal year:
Piovided, That the Sergeant-at-Aroas may, during
the recess of Congress, employ the messengers and
acting assistant doorkcepors in just rotation upon
such service in the folding-roouis as may be needful.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where did that item
about fuel and waste come from? We made
provision for that in another bill under a
general head, I am sure.
Mr. COLE. It comes from the officers of
the Senate, and is rendered necessary by the
night sessions, as I am informed by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms. It is some four thousand dol-
lars less than the amount in the lines stricken
out and specifies the items more particularly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All right.
Mr. POMEUOY. I do not object to the
items; but how does this legislation apply to
these items?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It applies to "the fold-
ing of documents, and material for the same,
$8,000." The fact is just here: the messen-
gers are' on what is called a permanent roll
and get very handsome pay the year round.
Now, the Sergeant-at-Arms during the vacation
usually, on the recommendation of various of
us, lets them go home, and they go home and
take their pay. That is all very well when
there is nothing to do during the vacation ;
but there is folding to be done, which is
respectable work that I should be very, glad
to do for pay if I had not anything else to do,
which they can just as well do as not. There-
fore it is a measure of economy to allow him
iu rotation to have them perform a little ser
vice of that character aud save money. I do
not know that it is any object to save money,
however.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks this is within the rule. It is strictly
relative to appropriations contained in the
bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. On page 9 there was an amend-
ment reserved commencing at the two hundred
and first line.
The Chief Clerk. On page 9, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations reported to strike
out the following paragraph, commencing at
line two hundred and one:
To pay the Board of Public Works of the District
of Columbia the proportion of the cost properly
payable by the United States Government for the
filling of the canal from Seventh street west to Sev-
enteenth street west, and of the cost of the inter-
cepting sewer along the canal adjoining the prop-
erty of the United States Government, said work
being under the direction of the Board of Public
Works, $08,365, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary: Provider/, That all payments made under this
and the preceding appropriations shall bemadeonly
upon vouchers approved by the officer in charge of the
public buildings and grounds of the District; and
that no portion of tbe money herewith appropriated
shall be used by the Board of Public Works for any
other purpose whatever than the purpose that is
named in the said two last paragraphs.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the chair-
man of the committee if thisis theamendment
reserved at my suggestion as we were passing
through the bill a few days ago ?
Mr. COLE. I do not remember at whose
suggestion it was reserved.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought to be stricken
out, and let us investigate that next Decem-
ber. The thing is in a great muddle.
Mr. HARLAN. I want an explanation of
the reasons of the committee. It maybe that
I will vote with them; but I understand that
this work is by the side of Government prop-
erty, at least to a considerable extent; and
this is to reimburse the District the amount
expended. On the face of it I should think it
ought not to be stricken out.
Mr. COLE. The Governmeut ofthe United
States have already expended a very consider-
able amount on that work. I believe some
forty thousand dollars have already been paid
and there are $10,000 yet unexpended, or will
be paid when it is called for by the proper offi-
cers having the matter in charge. This is a
very indefinite provision. It does not say what
portion of the work is to be paid for by the
United States and what part by the adjoining
property-owners and what by the corporation
of the District. I think it may very well go
out for this year. If there should be any sur-
plus demanded from the United States properly
hereafter, it can be provided for ; but as lar as
I am aware the United States are under no
obligation to pay any more at this time. I hope
the clause may be stricken out.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. SA VVYER. I think the committee are
under a misapprehension entirely about this
paragraph. This is no part of the work which
was provided for by the one hundred and fifty
thousand dollar appropriation. The commit-
tee had the impression, and the chairman evi-
dently has it now, that this was a part of the
work provided for by the appropriation of
$150,000 made by an act of Congress; I do not
remember the date, but it provided for the
expenditure of $150,000, of which $100,000
was to be contributed by the city of Washing-
ton, and $60,000 by the General Government
for filling up, bridging, and arching the canal,
and building a sewer. Of that amount a con-
siderable sum has been spent, I tbink $40,000,
out ot'the Government appropriation; and the
city has spent nearly or quite all its portion.
The land which would be made in the process
of filling up the canal was to go, when sold,
to reimburse the Government of the United
States for tbe $50,000 contributed by it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But we have
already given it away to two railroads, I
understand.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Vermont
will have his joke. But the appropriation of
$68,000 asked at this time is for quite another
work. It is for building a sewer through the
Government grounds, namely, the President's
grounds and the reservation boundedby Tenth
and Twelfth streets west, south of B street
north, the District paying all the balance,
which largely exceeds the amount asked from
the Government. When tbis whole work is
done, filling up the canal, which was provided
for by the appropriation of $150,000, there
will be about twenty five acres of land which
will be reclaimed and which will belong to
the Government, which, it is assumed, will be
worth $500,000.
But this appropriation of $68,000 is uot for
that work. I have had a conference with
the Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds, and he says the work was done very
economically, and that he regards it as an
entirely proper expense to be met hy the Gov-
ernment. 1 hope, therefore, the Senate will
non-concur iu the recommendation, of the com-
mittee.
Mr. STEWART. I sincerely hope so. I do
not think the Government of the United States
ought to keep as unsightly a thing on any por-
tion of its grounds as that canal. It ought to
be covered up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Government
of the United States will not make haste to
put itself body and soul into the ha'nds of the
Board of Public Works of this District. The
Government of the United States has public
agents who are responsible, who give bonds,
and who are subject to the Treasury regula-
tions, who can carry on all the public works
that the United States is interested in in this
District.
This thing has a somewhat curious history ;
but I must be brief about it. A couple of
years ago it was proposed after a most careful
investigation by a board which was composed
under a statute, including the authorities of
Washington and our own officers, that the true
thing to do with the canal was to narrow it,
arch it part of the way as a sewer, and clean
out the rest of it, so as to make it in proper
condition. That was the opinion of scientific
and business men here, and they reported, and
we then passed the bill. We asked the au-
thorities of the city of Washington to con tribute
$100,000, and we contributed $50,000 to the
performance of the work, aud provided that
our $50,000 should be reimbursed to us out of
the sale of the land which would be reclaimed
by the operation. The authorities of Wash-
ington went on, and the Board of Public
Works since, who took the place of the
authorities of Washington, as they say, under
that old act, but with no authority to do any-
thing which that act did not provide, have
gone on and have cleared out the eastern por-
tion of the canal, and spent $40,000 of the
money for that.
Now they have undertaken, without any
authority of law, without consulting Congress
in any respect, to go forward under the author-
ity of that old act, which 1 say does not give
them a particle of authority any more-than I
have, and entirely changed the plan; made esti-
mates of expenditure which will quadruple
the cost, and now propose to fill it up and
have the land reclaimed. Whose is it to be
then? Nobody knows. It is not under the
act of 1870 that they are doing this thing, for
it gives them no such authority. We have no
rights against this land under the act of 1870
if the canal is filled up ; and there we are.
They bring in a bill here and propose that, we
shall pay this large sum to begin with tor that
purpose, and I am unable to find in the state
of the land laws as to titles in this District
anything by which.it is clear that the land will
belong to the United States when it is filled
up. Now, the question is whether we are to
take a leap in the dark or whether we are to
have the proper committee fairly investigate
this matter, if they have time, either the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia or the
Committee on Public Buildings aud Grounds,
to report upon it in December. That is the
question.
Mr. SAWYER. The original act provides:
"The mayor of the city of "Washington, the Sec-
retary of the Interior, the Commissioner ot Public
Buildings and Grounds, the architect of the Capitol
extension, and their successors in office, together
with two men to be appointed by the mayor of tiie
city of Washington, by and with the adiice and
consent ot the boaid of aldermen of said city, are
hereby appointed a commission who shall cause tbe
Washington city canal, either in whole or in part,
to be dredged, or, if deemed best, to be dredged and
narrowed, or arched and converted into a sewer;
and for the purpose ot making this improvement,
the corporate authorities ot the city of Washington
are hereby authorized and directed to levy and col-
