4348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
lect  tax of $100,000 upon all taxable property in
eaid city, for defraying part of the expenses thereof,
and the sum of $50,000 is hereby appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the purpose of defraying in part the ex-
penses of the same; and out of any moneys arising
from the sale of any real estate, should any take
place belonging to said canal, the Government shall
first bo indemnified for any moneys hereby appro-
priated; the improvements aforesaid to be paid for
at t he rate of one third by the Government and two
thirds by the city as the Work progresses, and the
total expenditure not to exceed the amount herein
provided Syr,"
That work was transferred to the Board of
Public Works by section seventeen of an act
of .Congress entitled "An act making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the year ending
June 3Qj 1871, and for additional appropria-
tions for the service of the year ending J une
30,1872, and for other purposes," approved
April 20, 1871. That turned it over into the
hands of the Board of Public Works. Under
that authority the portion of the canal between
Maryland avenue and the Eastern branch was
dredged at a cost of $23,000, The canal was
dredged out from Seventeenth street to Four-
teenth street, piers built, and the work almost
entirely finished, at a cost of $70,000. Jauies
creek was opened from the wall of the arsenal,
dredged out, made navigable, bridges built,
&e., at a, cost of $40,000. The bed of the canal
from Maryland avenue to Fourteenth street, in
whole or in part, was filled up at a cost of
$60,000. There is$193,000 spentthere. Then,
as 1 say, the appropriation asked for in this bill
is not on account of any one of these things.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has spoken five minutes.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask permission for one
minute more to finish the statement. The
appropriation is for a work not contemplated
in that bill at all, but to pay the cost only of
the intercepting sewer where it passes through
the Government grounds, namely, the Presi-
dent's grounds and the reservation of the
Government bounded by Tenth aud Twelfth
streets aud south of B street north. It
passes through public property, and it was
necessary to do it in order to connect with
the sewer that was constructed alongside
of the canal instead of in the bed of the
canal, because in the bed of the canal it
would cost three times as much to do it as it
would parallel with the canal outside.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now 1 ask a minute.
That, Mr. President, is the very trouble about
this business. My friend frankly states that
they have gone on under the fifth section of
the act of 1870, where it was expressly pro-
vided that our appropriation should be only
$50,000 iu express torms. They have gone
and spent that money for an object not named
itl the statute, as the Senator supposes. Per-
haps so. Now, without any authority of law,
for none is pretended, they have undertaken
to do an entirely different thing for their own
purposes of draining the city. Our lands
being low, thoy have run their drains across
our laud. They have done, that, too, without
any investigation by the committee whose busi-
ness it is to investigate that matter. We are
called upon to foot the bill without any reim-
bursement. There is the trouble; we ought
not to consider a matter of this kind on an
appropriation bill at all, because we cannot
get at the detailed facts.
Mr. STEWART. I hope this amendment
■will not be agreed to. 1 should like to see
that improvement go on through the Govern-
ment grounds and not leave the canal there
during the hot season. I should like to see
that canal covered up through the Govern-
ment grounds as well as elsewhere.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the amend-
ment will be agreed to. I am unwilling to
clothe the Board of Public Works with author-
ity to bring this Government in debt to the
amount of thousands and thousands of dollars
without authority of law. If the Senator from
Nevada or the Senator from South Carolina
can show any authority of law by which this
was done I shall yield.
Mr. STEWART. We propose to give
authority to cover up that loathsome place
through the Government grounds.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is just what I
object to, and I appeal to the Senate to stand
by the committee. If you do it in this case
you will do it iu others. You have an irre-
sponsible board who undertake to do what
they think proper, without authority of law;
and when it is done the Senator says he wants
to ratify it. We cannot afford to do that as
the guardians of the people's money.
Mr. STEWART. If it was done, I should
feel so about it. The thing is I Want it done.
Mr. STEVENSON. But this appropriation
is asked for when the thing Was dbne without
any authority of law whatever, and the point
that I make is that if the Congress of the Uni-
ted States allow this Board of Public Works
to decide in;their discretion what shall be
done and what {(hall not be done, and then
that shall be voted, there is no'guard upon
the Treasury of th6 United States, and we
have no authority over it. I hope it will not
be done, because I think it is the worst prece-
dent that could be set.
Mr; THURMAN. It seems to me that the
remarks of the Senator from Kentucky touch
the real point for our consideration. We
ought certainly not to appropriate the money
of the people of the united States merely
because the Board of Public Works of the
District of Columbia have ordered a certain
improvement that 'they suppose ought to be
made. Before we take the public money for
this purpose we ought to be satisfied that the
improvement is a proper one, one that the
interests of the Government require should be
made ; and that is the trouble with me about
this point. It is not for the purpose of mak-
ing an argument on one side or the other, but
for the purpose of eliciting some information
on the subject that I rise.
I understand there are two propositions in
regard to this old canal that have been mooted.
One is to dredge it out deeply and keep it
open; the other to build a sewer in it and
cover it up. Two years ago I think I offered
a resolution instructing the Committee on the
District of Columbia to report on some means
of abating that nuisance. The committee
went faithfully to work; they invited the
opinions of the eit.y councils of Washington,
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds, of the engineer department, and
of private engineers. The consequence was,
as stated by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
IIamlin,] then chairman of the District Com-
mittee, that they had three, four, or five con-
tradictory opinions. No two of them I believe
agree<t as to what was the proper remedy ;
and now I understand there has been as much
difficulty since the Board of Public Works
were inaugurated aa before. A very large
body of persons, headed by some of the most
scientific men of the city, and some of (he
beat physicians of the city, are of opinion that
to make a sewer there and to cover it up is to
destroy the health of the city ; that the only
way to preserve health is to dredge it out, to
keep it open, and keep it full of water. 1 do
not know which is the best way. I am in-
formed that the Board of Public Works are
in favor of making a sewer of it and filling it
up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand they are
going on and have spent this money and de-
mand that we pay it.
Mr. STEWART. That is a mistake; I have
inquired of the Delegate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. I have read article after
article, beccause I have felt great interest in
the question, from very able medical gentlemen,
who aay that to cover up that thing will breed
a pestilence, and that that, is the experience
wherever such places have been covered up
and built over. I do not know which is right.
If it is the right way to cover it up I am per-
fectly willing to vote not only this much money,
but am willing to vote a great deal more if it
be necessary in order to abate that nuisance.
Whichever is the proper way to do it, I am
willing to vote as much as may be necessary for
that purpose, but I want to know which is the
proper way.
Mr. CASSERLY. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Vermont, if I understood him, in
regard to his reluctance to surrender to the
Board of Public Works here the disbursement
of the public moneys of the United States for
the purposes referred to in the present amend-
ment. I do nOt think that an experience of
that board since its constitution under the new
organization has been such as to give us the
highest confidence in the judgment of its
expenditures. I confine my remarks to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
California did not understand'me as condemn-
ing the Bjard of Public Works iu any other
sense than I would anybody else in saying that
in our own expenditures we ought to be con-
sulted first.
Mr. CASSERLY. I agree with the Senator
to that extent; 1 wish he had gone a little
further. I heard him speak of the territorial
government here as " a remarkable contri-
vance" last night, and I agree with him in the
implied censure, if not ridicule, of that lan-
guage. I am not willing to trust any question
that involves much skill or even a moderate
degree of science to the Board of Public
Works, which has so blundered on the simple
matter of .supplying the city with water, that
with one of the noblest rivers in the world at
our doors it should leave every dwelling and
probable every house in this city without water
iu the month of June for two days, and done
it without any sufficient notice to housekeepers
to allow them to prepare for it. With me that is
very nearly decisive as to the incompetency of
the Board of Public Works for the District of
Columbia.
It is a lamentable thing that the political
metropolis of the United States should be iu
such a plight upon so important a subject as
the subject of a sufficient water supply in the
summer months. I shall not vote, so far as
my vote is concerned, ever to give expendi-
tures into the bauds of the Board of Public
Works as at present constituted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations, to strike out the clause.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Casserly, Colo, Conkling,
Cooper, Edmunds, Flanagan, Hamilton ot" Texas,
Hitchcock, Kelly, Morrill of Vermont. Schurz, Scott,
Stevenson, Thurman, Tipton, and West—17.
NAYS —Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Boreman, Chan-
dler. Oorbett, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Hamilton
of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Johnston. Mor-
rill of JUiune, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Itice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman,
Spriigae. Stewart, Vickers, and Windom—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell. Cameron, Carpenter, Clay-
ton, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of "West Virginia,
Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Frelinghuysen, Gil-
bert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan,
Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Ransom,
Sitencer, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, Wilson, and
Wright—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLE. Before we pass from that sec-
tion I propose an amendment after the word
"proportion," in the two hundred and second
line, to insert " not exceeding one third ;" and
after the word "cost," iu line two hundred
and five, to insert the same words.
Mr. SAWYER. This appropriation is asked
for filling the canal from Seventh street to
Seventeenth street west, and from Twelfth
street to Seventeenth street it is entirely
through a Government reservation. I do not
know that it would be p'roper to limit it, but
I think one third is too small a proportion.
