1871
THE CONGEESSIOKAL GLOBE.
255?
cantile principles to reform the civil service.
On the contrary he has now taken vigorous
hold of an entirely different, and to my mind
a very much more promising scheme. In the
message of the 19th of December last, the two
Houses of Congress were informed that the
President had adopted the rules recommended
by "the commission to devise rules and reg-
ulations for reforming the civil service," and
that those rules would go into effect on the
1st of January following.
There ought to be no doubt, I am sure, that
the President is entirely sincere and earnest
in this effort to effect a reform which he de-
clares to be " much needed," and which was
pressed upon him by an act of Congress. Nor
would any one ever have doubted this but for
the singular spectacle that the "especial friends
of the Administration," as they are called,
almost with one voice ridicule and denounce
the measure. And they have the hardihood,
some of them, to suggest that the President
has promulgated this scheme only to render
civil service reform ridiculous in practice,
and thus turn aside the whole force of the
movement. It is a misfortune if the Admin-
istration has within the party that brought it
into power a coterie called "especial fiionds."
Especial friends are always, from the necessity
of the case, the worst enemies of any Admin-
istration. They are enabled to make demands
which justice and sound policy would deny,
but which especial friendship is forced to grant.
No good Administration can afford to have
them, and if this Administration has had any
such, then I trust that the message of the 19th
of December is a declaration of independence,
and we shall hear no more of them.
Believing, therefore, that this measure of
reform has been entered upon advisedly and
with patriotic purpose, I hail it as a step^ in
the right direction. It is indeed a great thing
that hereafter in the civil service there is to
be made a distinction between intelligence
and ignorance, between honesty and dishon-
esty, between faithful service and mere par-
tisan brawling; that members of Congress
are to be sent before their constituents to
• stand or fall upon their own merits, and not
as political hucksters with offices to barter for
an office ; that even great Senators, who have
had whole States to trade upon, will be dis-
charged from further employment as office-
brokers, and may attend to the legitimate
business ot legislation.
They do not all of them seem to be as grate-
ful as they ought to be for the great service the
President has rendered them in this matter,
but 1 trust they will coine into a better frame
of mind after a time. Those who have stated
their objections thus far have been exceed-
ingly hasty and incautious. The regulations,
it is said, are unconstitutional and void, be-
cause they take away from the President the
appointing power conferred upon him by the
Constitution. But it is the President himself
who has adopted the rules for the regulation
of his own discretion in his own way. Who
is there to deny that he has the power to do
that? Certainly not those who maintain the
teuure-ol'-uffice act, by which the President is
bound ill chains and delivered into the hands
of the Senate. There is a wide difference be-
tween regulation and destruction. The exercise
of the appointing pover may, no doubt, be
regulated by law, but the power itselt cannot
be taken away. .
It is true that the appointing power is vestea
by the Constitution in the President, with
some exceptions not necessary to be consid-
ered here, and it is our duty to maintain and
defend it in his hauds. He is chosen to his
great office by the direct vote of the people,
and his duty is to represent them independ-
ently and faithfully in this respect. That he
does not now do it is evident, and perhaps
from no fault of his, though I am not quite
sure of that. But if there has been any un-
warranted invasion of the constitutional powers
of the Executive in this matter it has not been
by attempts at civil service reform. On the
contrary the assault has come from Congress
in two ways: the first arises out of the usage
which allows members and Senators under the
form of recommendation practically to dic-
tate appointments, and the second out of the
power to control removals from office given to
the Senate by the "tenure-of-office act." In
fact this last act, which this House repeatedly
voted to repeal by large majorities, has gone
far toward taking the appointing power wholly
out of the hands of the President.
Previously to the passage of that law the
sole power of the Senate was lodged in the
right to refuse to confirm the nominees of the
President, and this was of itself a very great
restraint upon the Executive; but there re-
mained to him the power to remove an obnox-
ious incumbent and to fill the vacancy during
the recess of the Senate, and the removed
officer could never be restored without his
consent. Now, however, the President can
only suspend the officer and report himself
as soon as may be to the Senate, and then run
the risk of being snubbed and having the
deeply offended official restored to his place.
How greatly this alters the situation from that
in which Jackson, leading the people, con-
tended against a hostile Senate and triumphed
over it, there needs no argument to show.
This law has, in my judgment, done more
to intensify the evils of the present system of
appointments to office than all other causes
put together. It was adopted as a temporary
expedient to take away from an unpopular
President the powers always theretofore sup-
posed to belong to his office, and to enable a
great, victorious party to control the official
patronage of the Government in spite of him.
It accomplished its purpose, and put into office
such a brood of knaves as that no party has
ever been willing to be held wholly responsible
for them. It did more; it introduced that
system of senatorial control which has turned
the Senate into a mart for official brokerage,
and is fast reducing the members of the House
to the condition of senatorial vassals.
The President has repeatedly asked that this
law might be repealed, and the House of Rep-
resentatives has as often responded by passing
the repeal bill. But power once obtained is
not easily yielded, and we are not likely to
live long enough to see the Presidency restored
to its former independence. And this House
may pass as many reform bills as may suit its
desires, but they will be consigned to the same
irretrievable limbo with the repeal bills here-
tofore mentioned.
I have not intended, however, in these re-
marks to discuss the evils of the civil service,
for that lias been sufficiently done in both
Houses of Congress, in the public press, and
in the general literature of the day, but to
confine myself mainly to the practical question
of remedies. And as to that question I will say
that it will not be well to be too ambitious nor
to attempt too much. We shall not bring in
the millennium during this Congress, but we
may reasonably hope to make some improve-
ment upon the present ruinous system if we
give the subject earnest attention.
I have already said that the rules adopted
by the civil service commission and promul-
gated by the President are a step in the right
direction. They seem to me much more im-
portant as an indication of the settled purpose
of the Administration than as a practical solu-
tion of the difficulty. In fact, they do not so
much as touch the real sources of the disease,
which has become so deep-seated and virulent
as to defy any but the most heroic remedies.
The competitive examination is well enough
in its way, and if wisely employed, as all are
bound to believe it will be, may prove of con-
siderable value in the selection of officers
whose duties are mainly of a clerkly nature,
and the six months' trial before final appoint-
ment will be found still better ; but they will
both prove altogether too feeble to stem the
existing current which is rapidly hurrying us
forward on the road to political decay and
disintegration. After all, this system pro-
poses merely to transfer the right of selection
from the President, or head of a Department,
to a board to be constituted for the purpose.
But is there any peculiar magic about a board ?
Will it be able to resist the influences which
the chiefs of the Executive Departments could
not repel ? Will those powerful men in Con-
gress, who have been able to lay the whole
Government under contribution for the ad-
vancement of their projects of ambition, be
daunted by this feeble contrivance of an advis-
ory board armed with dictionaries and school-
books ?
Sir, they will speedily fill the boards with their
own creatures, who will understand well that
those who go before the board with certain
recommendations are always to pass, and all
others are to be rejected. We are not without
examples of this practice. The military exam-
ining boards during the war came to be so well
understood that the officers ordered before
them generally resigned, knowing that this was
the way the men in authority disposed of those
they disliked. The examination was a farce.
I know that this may be prevented by a vigil-
ant and independent Executive, but so also
might all necessity for the boards be obviated
in the same way. As aids to the Executive,
however, of some value, perhaps, I do not
object to the rules established by the civil
service commission, but as a remedy for the
present deplorable demoralization of the civil
service, they are of no more account than gos-
samer rigging for a ship in a storm. There
needs and must be a vigorous overhauling of
the whole system without any regard to the
lamentations of those political charlatans who
tell us that nothing is required but to keep turn-
ing out enemies and putting in friends of the
Administration. It is no doubt avery heavenly-
minded Administration, but it has a few friends
of the Leet and Stocking pattern that it will
be desirable to turn into enemies as rapidly as
possible. Let us have the civil service temple
cleared for once of the inoney-cliaugers and
those that sell doves there with the " scourge
of small cords," after the fashion taught ua
eighteen hundred years ago.
1 am not particularly hopeful of this at pres-
ent, but perhaps we may do something after
the elections. Lately it has been said that the
rules have been suspended as inconvenient. It
is to be presumed that they will always prove
inconvenient to those who believe in the doc-
trine of political spoils. Any reform will be
inconvenient to those who are in hot pursuit
of great prizes in the lottery. They will be
unwilling to wait even for the slow motions of
the boards that will be sure to do their bidding
in the end.
Our great hinderance to reform is that there
is too much money in many of the offices, and
the contest for them is thereby rendered fierce
and ungovernable. The first step, in my judg-
ment, ought to be a careful and considerate
review ot the salaries and perquisites of all the
offices, and they ought all to be reduced to a
standard of fair, reasonable compensation tor
the services required, and no more. This com
pensation ought to be graduated upon the
principle of paying for official service just such
piices as are paid for similar service in pri-
vate business. There should be no ground for
the expectation of sudden wealth to come of
official employment. Probably no one will
contest the soundness of this rule, and yet it is
not applied to any considerable extent beyond
mere clerkships.
This principle would involve not only the
reduction of very many salaries, but the entire
abolition of the whole law giving moieties
and large perquisites to office holders. This
principle of giving moieties or shares of the
penalties incurred for violations of penal stat-
utes is most vicious in every way. Tw"
