1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
Laivs of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
law in relation to marine hospitals, revenue-
cutters. the clothing (arid of the Navy, or the
sale of commissary ttoies to the officers of the
Army. And itshall be the duiyofthe Register
of the Treasury to furnish to the proper ac-
counting officers copies of all warrants cover-
ing such proceeds, where the same may be
necessary in the iettlement of accounts in their
respective offices.
Sue. 6. That the public grounds surrounding
the Capitol shall be enlarged (according to the
plan approved by the Committees on Public
Buildings of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, respectively, which plan is hereby
directed to be deposited m the custody of the
Secretary of the Interior) by extension between
First street east and First street west, in the
following manner : northwardly to the south
side ot north B street, and southwardly to the
norih side of south B street, including, in
addition to so much of the reservations, ave-
nues, and streets as are necessary for such
extension, the two squares designated on the
plan oi the city of Washington as numbers six
bundled and eighty-seven and six hundred and
eighiy-i-ight, respectively.
~Sec. 7. That it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Inteiior to purchase, from the
owner or owners thereof, at such price, not
exceeding its actual cash value, as may be
mutually agreed on between the Secretary and
such owner or owners, and not exceeding the
appraisal made by the commission of nine in
their report to Robert Ould, United States
district attorney lor the District ol Columbia,
on the twentj-lirst day oi January, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, such private prop-
erty as may be necessary for carrying this
act into effect, the value of the property
so purchased to be paid to the owner or
owners thereof, out of any money in the
Tiea-ury not oiherwise appropriated, on the
iequis.ii ion of said Secretary: Provided, That
beiore such payment shall be made the owner
or owners ot the property purchased shall, bj
good and sufficient deed or deeds, in due form
ol law, and approved by the Attorney. General
ot the United States, fully release and convey
to the Uuited States all their and each ot their
several and respective rights in said titles to
Such lands and property so purchased.
Sec. 8. That if ttie Secretary of the Interior
shall not be able to agree with the owner or
owners of any private property needed lor the
purposes of this act upon the price to be paid
iheiefor, or if for any other cause he shall be
unable to obtain the title to any such property
by mutual agreement with the owner or owners
thereof, it shall be his duty to make applica-
tion to the supreme court of the Distiict of
Columbia, which court is hereby authorized
and lequired, upon such application, m such
mode, and under such rules and regulations as
it may adopt, to make a just and equitable
appraisement ol the cash value of the several
interests of each and every owner of the real
estate and improvements thereon necessary to
be taken for the public use in accordance with
the provisions ot this act, and to which the
Secietarv has been unable to obtain the title
by mutual agreement with the owner or owners
thereof
Sec. 9. That the fee-simple of all premises
so appropriated lor pjblic use, ot which all
appraistmom shall have been n>ade under the
order and direction ot said court, shall, upon
paj input to the owner or owners, respectively,
ot the appraised value, or in case the said
owner ot owners rcltise or neglect lor fifteen
days afier the appraisement ol the cash value
of f-aid lauds and improvements by said couit.
to demand the same from the Secretary ot the
liiseiKir, upon depositing the said appraised
value in the said court to the credit ot such
owner or owners, respectively, be vested in the
United States. And the Secretary of the Inte-
rior is hereby authorized and required to pay
to the several owner or owners, respectively,
the appraised value of the several premises as
specified iu the appraisement of said court, or
pay into court by deposit, as hereinbefore pro-
vided, the said appraised values; and the sum
necessary, not exceeding four hundred thou-
sand dollars, for such purpose is hereby ap-
propriated out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated: Provided, That
the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized to sell at public auction such materials in
the buildings in squares numbers six hundred
and eighty-seven and six hundred and eighty-
eight as are not necessary for the public works
in this District; and further, that the moneys
realized by such sales shall be applied to the
improvement and extension of the Capitol
grounds.
Sec. 10. That said court may direct the time
and manner in which possession of the prop-
erty condemned shall be taken or delivered,
and may, if necessary, enforce any order or
issue any process for giving possession. The
cost occasioned by the inquiry and assessment
shall be paid by the United States, and, as to
other costs which may arise, they shall be
charged or taxed as the court may direct.
Sec. 11. That no delay in making an assess-
meritof compensation, or in taking possession,
shall be occasioned by any doubt which may
arise as to the ownership of the property, or
any part thereof, or as to the interests ot the
respective owners, but in such cases the court
shall require a deposit of the money allowed
as compensation for the whole property or the
part in dispute. In all cases, as soon as the
United States shall have paid the compensa-
tion assessed, or secured its payment, by a
deposit of money, under the order of the court,
possession of the property may be taken.
Sec. 12. That the Washington and George-
town Railroad Company and the Metropolitan
Railroad Company be, and they are hereby,
required to remove their tracks, respectively,
from the Capitol grounds, as hereby estab-
lished, and to run the same as they may be
directed, from time to time, by the officer in
charge of the public buildings and grounds, as
the grading and filling up of said grounds may
render necessary. That a commission, consist-
ing of the Secretary of the Interior, the chief
engineer of the Army, and the officer in charge
of public buildings and grounds, is hereby
authorized and directed to examine and report,
to Congress, prior to the second Monday of
December next, a plan by which the locomo-
tive railroad track in front of the western
entrance of the Capitol shall be removed, with
due regard to the rights of ail parties con-
cerned, and by which proper connections with
other railroads may be made.
Sec. 13. That from and after the first day
of July, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
the annual salaries of the Second Comptroller,
of the Register, and of the supervising archi-
tect of the Treasury Department, shall be four
thousand dollars each; and theannual salaryof
the judges of the Court of Claims shall be four
thousand five hundred dollars each, and a suf-
ticent sum to carry into effect the provisions
of this section to the end of the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy tlnee, is hereby_appropriated.
Appkoved, May 8, 1812.
Chap. CXLI.—An Act to provide for the
Removal of the Kansas Tube of Indians to
the Indian Territory, and to dispose of their
l_ttUids in Kansas to actual bettieis.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, lhat the Secretary of the
Interior be. and be is hereby, iiuttiouzed and
empoweied to cause to be appraised and sold
so much of the lands heretofore owned by the
Kansas tribe of Indians in the State of Kansas,
and which was ceded to the United States in
trust in the treaty made by the United States
and said Indians proclaimed November seven-
teenth, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty, and which remain unsold, in the follow-
ing manner, viz: the said Secretary shall
appoint three disinterested and competent
persons, who shall, after being duly sworn to
perform said service faithfully and impartially,
personally examine and appra;se said lands
by legal subdivisions of one hundred and sixty
acres or less, separately from the value of any
improvements on the same, and also the value
of said improvements, distinguishing between
improvements made by members of said Indian
tribe, the United States, and white settlers,
and make return thereof to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs: Provided, That the Secre-
tary of the Interior may, in his discretion, set
aside any appraisements that may be made
under the provisions of this section, and cause
'a new appraisement to be made.
Sec. 2. That each bona fide settler at the
time occupying any portion of said lands and
having made valuable improvements thereon,
or the heirs at law of such, who is a citizen of
the United States, or who has declared his in-
tention to become such, shall be entitled, at
any time within one year from the approval of
said appraisement, to purchase, for cash, the
land so occupied and improved by him, not to
exceed one hundred and sixty acres "in each
case, at the appraised value thereof, including
the appraised value of any improvem-nts
whioh may have been made by the United
States or any of said Indians on the same,
under such rules and regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may prescribe.
Sec. 3. That all the lands mentioned in the
first section of this act now occupied by bona
fide settlers, as mentioned iu the second sec-
tion of this act, remaining unsold at the expi-
ration of one year from the approval of said
appraisement, shall be sold at public sale,
after due advertisement, to the highest bidder
for cash, in tracts not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres ; and all the lands mentioned
in the first section of this act which shall be
unoccupied by bona fide settlers at the date of
such appraisement may be sold at any time
after the approval of said appraisement, at
public sale, after due advertisement, to the
highest bidder for cash, in tracts not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres, under such rules
and regulations as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may prescribe: Provided, That in no case
shall any of the lands mentioned in this act be
sold at less than their appraised value: And
provided further, That the Secretary of the
Interior may, in his discretion, open any of
said lands remaining unsold after having been
publicly offered to cash entry at their ap-
praised value, subject to the rights of bona-
fide settlers as provided for in this act: Pro-
vided, however, That the proceeds of the sale
of said lands and improvements, after paying
the expenses of said appraisement and sale,
I shall be applied iu accordance with the pro-
; visions of said treaty in the payment of the
, liquidated indebtedness of said Kansas tribe
i of Indians pro rata as the same shall be te-
j ceived, and the excess, if any, shall be dis-
; tributed to the said Indians, per capita, in
money. .
Sec. 4. That if said Kansas tribe of Indians
shall signify to the President of the United
States their desire to sell their diminished
| reserve, as indicated in said treaty, including
,i lands held in severalty and in common, and
!| to remove from the State of Kansas, and shall
I so agree in such manner as the President may
■■ prescribe, the Secretary of the Interior may
|j cause the same to be. appraised in legal sub-
il divisions as hereinbefore provided for the
