1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
framed oil a model of our own; and that they did
not even secure remunerative profits^ to the ship-
owner. Ono witness expressed his opinion thathalf
the capital embarked in shipping during the pre-
ceding twenty-fivo years had been lost."
This was written in 1865, and the investi-
gations referred to took place about 1845.
Fortunately, Mr. Chairman, for Great Brit-
ain, and fortunately for the world, the states-
men of Great Britain who have ruled that
country during the last twenty-five years have
not been wild on this subject of protection,
as some gentlemen are in this country and in
this House to-day. They reversed the old
restrictive, monopolizing, insane policy of
Great Britain, and what is the result? Was
the British commercial marine prostrated, or
expelled from the ocean, or even crippled
in any manner or degree? Did any foreign
competitor enter the arena and carry off the
rich prizes of legitimate commerce? Did free
trade shut up their ship-yards and shops and
send their merchants or sailors abroad for
vessels? Did any evils attend the change
which were then predicted by " protection "
alarmists, or such as are now predicted if we
adopt England's present policy? Let Mr. |
Noble answer:
" Preo trade in shipping has proved as advantage-
ous to British seamen as the same principle, appl ied
to agriculture, manufactures, and commerce, has
been to every other branch of industry. The freest
competition of the whole world has proved that they
are still able to compete successfully with all their
rivals, notwithstanding they have been deprived of
protective laws, previously considered indispensa-
ble to the existence of our mercantile marine."
I hope the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] will give me his attention while
I am reading these passages.
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly; I always do.
Mr. KERB. This writer goes on to say:
"Indeed, the prosperity of British shipping and
ship-building dates from the repeal of the naviga-
tion laws. Prior to that period no progress had
been made since 1816. The number of vessels had
decreased, the tonnage was stationary, the ship-
owner was always in distress."
Let us adopt this rational and just policy ;
give back personal freedom of trade to our
people ; let them bay ships wherever they can
and put them under our flag, and thus restore
our lost commerce and our commercial ma-
rine. Our citizens need and ask for no guard-
ianship from Congress or from Pennsylvania
iron-mongers. They are able to regulate their
own conduct, to protect themselves iu their
own affairs, to make good bargains and realize
advantageous results, and to do all things
infinitely better, more wisely, and successfully
for themselves, than under any impertinent
direction of Congress. They are much wiser
than Congress.
Mr. KELLEY. Were they building ix-on
ships when .they first adopted the free-trade
policy? The iron ship-building interest has
been created since then.
Mr. KERR. They were building all sorts
of ships that the commerce of the world was
then using; but by the influence of free trade
they have been enabled to go on extending
and enlarging their industries and their capaci-
ties, and their power to meet every growing
and changing demand of the commerce of the
world has been complete and triumphant.
The wisdom of absolute freedom in trade,
ships, and commerce, has been signally and
conclusively vindicated. No statesman in
England to-day would dare to return to the
unwise and dishonest policy of restrictions
and monopolies.
Mr. KELLEY. With wooden ships we
were driving them from the sea. The change
to iron ships, and not the repeal of protection,
has given her the supremacy.
Mr KERR. I cannot yield for interrup-
tions. With wooden ships, I say, under the
old policy which prevailed in this country be-
fore our unfortunate war, we were enabled by
the comparative free trade we then'enjoyed to
compete successfully with .Great Britain and
the whole world, and hence the success at that
time of oar commercial marine. The most
unfortunate thing that ever happened to our
country was the change from that policy to the
present policy of protection, monopoly, and
subsidies advocated on all occasions by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Under our former policy we could have main-
tained the most successful competition in iron
ship-building or any other kind of enterprise
or business. Our mechanics are unrivaled in
skill or power by any people.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question before
he sits down?
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. From the lan-
guage which the gentleman has read from the
book, I infer that is from Noble's History of
Fiscal Legislation in England.
Mr. KERR. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am familiar
with that work, and with the argument which
the gentleman has quoted, but I desire to ask
him whether, after having adopted a free-trade
policy, and also abolished the navigation laws,
England did not still continue, and does not
still continue, to give subsidies to lines of steam-
ships ?
Mr. KERR. To a few of those lines she
gives a small subsidy still.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. A large one;
to sixteen lines she gives an aggregate subsidy
of more than $5,000,000.
Mr. KERR. To the Inman line and the
National line, and to several other lines, no
subsidies are given except a little compensa-
tion for carrying the mails. This is true also
of the great steamship lines of some other na-
tions. The Lloyd's German line receive post-
ages alone. Most of our own lines receive but
little else than postages—not subsidies in the
sense of gratuities.
[Here the hammer fell.]
message from t1ie senate.
Here the committee rose informally; and
the Speaker having resumed the chair, a
message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox,
one of its clerks, announced that-the Senate
insisted on its amendments disagreed to by the
House to the bill (H. R. No. 019) appropria-
ting money for the purchase of a suitable site
and erecting a building thereon in the city of
St. Louis, Missouri, to be used for the purposes
of a custom-house, post office, and other Ind-
eral offices, agreed to the conference asked by
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Mou-
eill of Vermont, Mr. Trumbull, and Mr.
Blair, managers of the conference on the part
of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate had passed without
amendment the bill (H. R. No. 1050) authoriz-
ing the survey and marking of the boundary
between the territory of the United States and
the possessions of Great Britain from the Lake
of the Woods to the summit of the Rocky
mountains.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 792) in addi-
tion to an act entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled ' An act for the removal of causes in
certain cases from State courts,' approved
July 27, 1866," approved March 2, 1869; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I renew the amendment. Mr.
Chairman, one thing has struck me very strongly
since I have had the honor of a seat in this
House, and that is the indifference to the
claims of American commerce. Other inter-
ests have been legislated upon repeatedly.
None has demanded aid with better arguments
than this, and none has been so constantly
passed by. I do not, as a general rule, be-
lieve in subsidies, but as this subsidy is in the
direction of aid to American commerce, as it
tends to build it up, I am in favor of this sub-
sidy. Here is an opportunity for reviving and
strengthening this great national interest.
We are a people that above others should
be a commercial people; we have every ad-
vantage, and we proved it in the years before
the war by successful competition with, other
nations. The war and the years since have
almost driven us from the Atlantic. We have
opened a commerce in this direction, and this
line has been put on, and with the subsidy
that we have given it has been enabled to live.
To-day, by this increase of subsidy, it will be
enabled to go on and increase our commerce.
This subsidy will enable this American line
to compete with the efforts now making by
Great Britain to seize the commerce of the
Pacific. She has measurably driven us from
the Atlantic, and she seeks now to obtain this
commerce. This subsidy, I say, will enable
this line to successfully compete with her for
the commerce of the Pacific. To this extent it
encourages and builds up American commerce.
Because it is in that direction, I am willing to
vote for this as a subsidy. Because it is in that
direction, in the direction of sustaining Ameri-
can commerce in competition with the com-
merce of Great Britain, there are others here
upon this floor, I have no doubt, with the
same objections as myself to subsidies as a
matter of principle, who will vote for it.
The objection which is raised to this as a
subsidy passes for nothing with me, because
I believe that this measure, if it is adopted,
will mark an era in the legislation of Con-
gress ; that is, it will mark the day when the
indifference to the demands of American com-
merce will have passed away. From this time
the attention of the people, the attention of
Congress, will be arrested and secured to it.
Other measures, perhaps not in the direction
of subsidies, but in the direction of aid to
American commerce, will the more easily pass.
The amendment which has been proposed
here, providing that this commerce may be
carried on in vessels built abroad, opens up
the whole question of purchasing our ships in
foreign countries instead of building them
ourselves. The example of Great Britain is
cited as an example why that policy is just.
Sir, if gentlemen will follow the history of
Great Britain, its navigation laws, and its
laws for the protection of its commerce, they
will find that she never took off the restric-
tions implied or involved in one branch of
her navigation laws, until by means of those
restrictions obliging vessels to be built there,
maintaining and encouraging them there by
subsidy and otherwise, she had gained the con-
trol of the commerce of the world ; and then,
as she had come to the point of building
ships more cheaply than other nations, she
could afford to remove her restrictions.
Sir, the history of Great Britain, upon an
intelligent investigation, can never be cited in
favor of building ships abroad at any time when
her commerce was prostrate as our commerce
is to-day. She never adopted any such policy
until she had gained the mastery of the ocean,
had gained the power of competing success-
fully with other nations, and could build ships
in her own yards more cheaply than they conld
be built elsewhere. Until that day she en-
couraged her own ship-builders, her own Ship-
wrights, by every measure for their help, and
by every measure of restriction and discrimin-
ation against her rivals.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. BIRD. Is it not strange, Mr. Chair-
man, that there should be any opposition to
a measureof this kind? It may seem tosomo
very remarkable that any Democrats upon this
floor should insist upon their opposition to
this particular donation. It is so clearly within
the Constitution, our power is so expressly
defined there to pay away the people's money
