4350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
desk, so that we may understand distinctly the
question before us.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is
to insert at the end of line two hundred, on
page nine, the following:
And all railroads are hereby prohibited on the I
street and IC street fronts of Farragut, Scott, and
Franklin sauares; and no further street railroads
shall be laid down in the city of Washington with-
out the consent of Congress.
Mr. BLAIR. That proposition was decided
to be out of order by the Chair the other
night when this bill was under consideration,
and also this morning. It has already been
decided to be out of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If any part of the bill is
in order this amendment is, in connection
with this appropriation.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. STEWART. How does the Chair
decide now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that in this place, referring to the
specific item which has been inserted on page
9, the amendment is in order.
The decision of the Chair was sustained—
ayes 23, noes 17.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Louisiana.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Now I offer this amendment,
to insert after the word "dollars," in line
thirteen hundred and forty-three, page 05, the
following:
Provided, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to provide, in tho
system of ul) ervationa and reports in charge of the
cbiof signal officer of the Army, lor such stations,
reports, and signals as may be found accessary lor
the benefit of the agricultural and oommeroial inter-
ests, Hud.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have we gone through
with nil the amendments of the committee?
I observe here one in regard to the Corliss
Steam-Etigine Company, which I believe has
not been acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that that amendment was re-
served, aad tto action has been taken upon it
as''yet.-
Mr. EDMUNDS. We ought to dispose of
that before any new amendments are offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion now is on iho amendment moved by the
Senator from California.
Mr. CA8SERLY. That is a very proper
amendment, unless it is unnecessary in conse-
quence of other language already m the bill.
I ask my colleague to look at the language in
lines thirteen hundred and thirty six and thir-
teen hundred and thirty-seven, " for the bene-
fit of commerce and agriculture." Does he
consider that his amendment is necessary ?
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia will allow me one word, I can satisfy
him.
Mr. OASSERLY. I am very willing to be
satisfied oh this point.
Mr. SAWYER. The amendment was sent
here as necessary by the signal officer himself,
because it gives more liberty in establishing
stations in the interior than he would other-
wise have.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. C0LE. Now I ask that we take up
the amendment on the sixty first page to which
allusion was made a moment ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that this amendment relating to
the Corliss Steam-Engine Company was re-
served. It is now before the Senate, and will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay the
liquidated debt now due the Corliss Steam-Engine
Company for steam machinery furnished under con-
tract with the ^favy Department, $257,688.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is not this
a private claim ? I make the point of order
upon it. I think it is an old stale claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When it
was before the Senate the other evening the
Chair submitted the point of order to the
Senate, but no action was taken by the Senate
up it. That is now the condition of the question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ Why, Mr. President,
there can be no question about the propriety
of the point of order on that amendment. It
is on the very face of it an assertion that it is
adebt now due the Corliss Steam-Engine Com-
pany. It is open to great question whether
there is a debt due, but, there is no statute and
no treaty which provides for paying this gen-
tleman this sum. On the contrary, there is a
statute which provides for paying him a differ-
ent sum under entirely different circumstances,
and says he shall not have it unless he com-
plies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is aware that the Presiding Officer has
the right to refer any question of order to the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not disputing that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
having done so the other evening and the
question being then undisposed of, the Chair
now desires to take the sense of the Senate
precisely as the matter was left the other
evening.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. What is the question?
Whether this amendment is in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is whether this amendment shall be re-
ceived under the rules of the Senate on this
appropriation bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to say a few
words, if it is in order to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When a
jiuestion of order is submitted to the Senate
it can be debated ; but when the Chair decides
a question of order, it must be decided with-
out debate.
Mr. SAWYER, I understand the Chair
not to have decided this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has not decided it.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President,thisclaim 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator confine himself to the question of
order ?
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to state the charac-
ter of the claim so that we may see whether it
is a private claim or not. This is a liquidated
debt settled by the proper officer of the Navy
Department, by an officer no one has a right
to rebuke, and for a fixed and definite sum,
the claimant holding a certificate of indebted-
ness from the Navy Department for the pre-
cise sum. The Secretary of the Navy recom-
mends its payment, in a letteraddressed to the
chairman of the Senate Committee on Appro-
priations referring to a report which has been
made on ihe case according to law. I do not
bee how it can be said under those circum-
stances that it is uot for the purpose of carry-
ing out the provisions of law. previously passed
to investigate this claim, and therefore taken
out of the category of private claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my fiiend will pardon
me, I will show him the provision of the law
in a second, and then we shall see if we have
got any report of the Secretary of the Navy
saying that provision of the law has been com-
plied with. It will be found in volume sixteen
of the Statutes-at-Large, page 325. I think I
am pretty safe in saying I can convince my friend
himself this time, though that is a pretty hard
thing to do generally. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator knows how it
is himself. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Here is the law:
"To enable the Seoretary of the Navy to discharge
liabilities provided lor by contracts made previous
to March 4,1869, $515,060 92, or so much thereof as
may be necessary: Provided, That before paying- the
claim oftheCorliss Steam-Engine Company the Sec-
retary of the Na.vy shall cause a reexamination of
said olaira to be made by the law officers of the
Navy Department, and two competent engineers, to
be detailed for that purpose, who shall deduct from
the contract price with said steam-eneine company
whatever sum it would have oost said company to
have completed their said contract."
There the law speaks and the last law on
the subject, the act of the 15th of July, 1870.
Now, if the Senator will show me any report
by a board of engineers and law officers, or
either of them, showing that there has been
that reinvestigation of the claim, what the
deduction from the contract price should be,
then the Senator will have some ground to
argue that this amendment is to carry out the
provisions of an existing law.
Mr. SAWYER. But prior to the passage
of that act a settlement had been made by
the party having the entire and sole right of
making the settlement under the laws govern-
ing the administration of the Navy Depart-
ment. The whole thing was settled prior to
the date of the proviso which the Senator has
read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the proviso has no
effect, I suppose?
Mr. SAWYER. All that is necessary to he
done is for the Government to keep fail b with
this man, to pay the sum which at any proper
time I am ready to show is not only not. more
than is due but not so much as is due under
any fair interpretation of the contract. I re-
peat, all the Government has to do is to keep
faith with the party with whom it made a con-
tract, lie having fulfilled bis contract in every
particular as directed by the Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the point I
am arguing wiih my friend.
Mr. SAWYER. The point, if the Senator
will allow me—I will not interrupt bim—is that
the settlement has been made according to law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. According to this law?
Mr. SAWYER. That it had been made ac-
cording to law before that proviso was passed,
and that the proviso itself was really a
defeat of private rights. We can break a
contract; there is no doubt about that;
we have the power to refuse to make an
appropriation ; and yet there are a great many
grave reasons that may be given, aside from
the injury done to the party himself, why that
proviso should not be complied with. But,
sir, I am not competent to discuss this ques-
tion with my acute and ingenious friend from
Vermont. He knows that as well as I do;
the Senate knows it perhaps better than eit her
of us; but I think this is a claim which is
strictly carrying out the provisions which
govern the settlement of such claims in the
Navy Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There was not any law
for it, in the first place, except the course of
business in the Navy Department, and that
course of business would authorize the pay-
meut of any sum of money if the Department
agreed to pay it. The Department did make
what is said to be a settlement. One set of
people say it is a fraud; another set of people
say it is all right. That being the disputed
point, in 1870 Congress stepped in by this
statute and established what is now the exist-
ing law on the subject, as my friend knot's.
That is the declaration of the sovereign will
now. It may be right or it may be wrong, but
that is the law.
Now, the rule of the Senate says that in
order to provide for a private claim of this
character it must be made in conformity with
and to carry out the provisions of an existing
law. Here is the existing law, which instead
uf deolaring that this man shall have the
money, declares he shall not have it until
the particular investigation is made, and then
he shall have only so much as that investiga-
tion finds to be due.
Ihis may be a perfectly just claim; I am
not pronouncing any judgment upon it at all;
but I do say that if the Senate is willing to
violate one of its plainest rules in a ease that
