3454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Ekury, of Michigan. I presume the Senator
wants to state this case fairly. As it is a fact that
the slumpage on pine in Canada is forty cents, and
in the States the average about three dollars and
fifty cents, would he by the removal of the duty of
two dollars a thousand on Canadian lumber place
the manufacturers of Michigan and Wisconsin at a
disadvantage in the market?"
Mr. PETERS. I make the point of order
that the gentleman from Illinois is quoting
from the debates of the Senate.
Mr. BURCllAItD. I do not state where
that was uttered.
Mr. HOAR. I insist on t"be point of order.
Tins is manifestly an invasion of the rule.
Mr. BURCHAIID. 1 do not state where it
occurred.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
tlie point ol older.
Mr. BOUCHARD. When I read that it
convinced me that- a reduction of duty ought
to take place. To keep up the present rate
of duly on lumber is only to keep up the price
the lumber-owners ask for the timber as it
stands in the forests. It is evident reduction
may be made without affecting labor at all.
The gentleman sajya it costs three dollars a
thousand to plane and tongue and groove lum-
ber, and therefore the additional duty should
bo $2 50 a thousand. 1 think he is mistaken
when he says it costs any such price. X am
assured by lumbermen who understand the
manufacture that it does not cost more than
two dollars and fifty cents. He puts it at three
dollais, which would give a duty of nearly a
hundred per cent, on the additional value.
The point is not whether it is better timber.
The same timber can be brought in. Gentle-
men say this is lumber of a better quality and
greater value; it is clear lumber. ]5ut lum-
ber of the best quality could be brought in
at one dollar per thousand duty, unplaned,
while if planed at a cost of not exceeding two
dollars or two dolhus ami fifty cents per thou-
sand the duty is doubled and trebled. I do
not oppose discriminations m adjusting the
rates, but T object to such unreasonable and
excessive protection as this would give.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I am not com-
mitted by my amendment to any proposition
offered either by the majority or the minority
in the Committee of Ways and Means. I am
not committed to any horizontal tariff, and I
have the right whenever an item comes up
here to make my own amendment, not in the
interest of any class of men, but of the peo-
ple. And that is our duly here. There are
not more than one hundred thousand men en-
gaged in the lumber interest. My honorable
friend from Ohio [Mr.camimeu,] would give the
soldiers who came from Michigan and Maine,
the men who fought so nobly and well, not
only bounties, and pensions, and lands, but
he would also give them something here.
That is a new sort of argument it seems to
rne for the purpose of carrying out free-tiade
opinions, or even tariff notions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will he please explain
to the committee the reason why iron should
be protected fifty per cent, and lumber only
ten per cent.?
Mr. COX. I cannot do that just now. I
have already referred to that in the general
debate. 1 was much struck by the astuteness
of my friend from Maine [Mr. Peters] in
arguing this question. He said, " We would
not ask this high tariff on lumber were it not
that there is such a high tariff on cotton and
on iron, and on other articles; so that we must
all take something, that we may all be pro-
tected one with the other; if we are to raise
the revenue by the tariff, let it be by a fair,
square tariff, and not by a tariff which dis-
criminates in favor of one set of men against
another." Now, fifty thousand lumbermen
are not the forty million people of the Unitod
Slates. We have all fought for the country
in one sense or another.
But the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fhyk,]
who spoke so eloquently a short time ago,
said, "We do not want to encourage the
labor across the border; they only pay the
lumbermen there $1 25; and they are a mean
set of men anyhow." And yet he lhanked
God that these men were coming to Maine.
Mr. PETERS. They will bo improved by
coming to us.
Mr. COX. I know they will be improved
by association with my friend from Maine,
as f know that I have improved since I have
been with him in this House. But the point
I want to make is, that if wages across the
border are $1 26 in gold, and on this side
two dollars in currency, they can buv more of
the real necessities of life with $1 2t"> in gold
than you can buy with your two dollars in
paper. That is where the trouble is. As I
showed the other day in addressing the House
on tlie Clyde, in Scotland, with the same hours
of labor, workmen can buy more of tho neces-
saries of life than in this country—more of all
the articles which enter into tho consumption
of every family.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman allow
mc to ask him a question?
Mr. COX. I have just about finished, and
my time is almost exhausted.
Mr. CONGER. 1 would ask the gentleman
why should we not be allowed to go across tho
border and buy those things as cheaply as the
laborers there do?
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Concur] knows that I am opposed to
all these tariffs which protect,. I believe that
every load of lumber which comes by car or
ship, bears on it a label of good will. I
believe that free trade, whether with the peo-
ple across the border or between nations, is
the shuttle m the loom that makes concord
and prosperity among the nations of the earth.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question. What sort of tariff
is that -which does not. protect to the extent
of the duty it imposes? If it is only a tariff
of ten per cent., is il not a protective tariff?
Mr. COX. I have not a half minute left,
and I cannot go into that question with the
gentleman.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I should think not.
Tho CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
on the pending amendment.
Mr. EAUNSWORTH. I ask the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] to withdraw
it that I may renew it.
Mr. COX. I desire to have a vote on my
amendment. The gentleman from West Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hereford] also asks me to with-
draw tlie amendment, that he may renew it,
and I cannot yield to both gentlemen.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. If I renew it the
gentleman from West Virginia [Mr. Hereford]
can also speak to it.
Mr. COX. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment, that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Faunswoktii] may renew it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew the amend-
ment. Mr. Chairman, I do not feel any per-
sonal interest in this matter of lumber. My
constituents are no more interested than the
constituents of other gentlemen around me.
My constituents are no more interested in the
price of lumber than are the people of Con-
necticut, or the people of portions of New
York, or of large portions of Pennsylvania and
Indiana and other States. They are no more
interested in this than are the constituents of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,]
who is in favor of this high duty on lumber.
My constituents are not so much interested in
the subject as the constituents of some of my
colleagues from my own State.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell]
agrees with gentlemen from Maine because he
says that we Bhould put lumber upon the tame
dead level as the other articles upon which we
have made reductions of ten per cent. Well,
Mr. Chairman, that is only in the line of this
agreement, tins ring, this arrangement, and
by the same arrangement the gentlemen from
Maine dare not vote for free coal or for cheap
coal. Why? Because if they do the high-
coal men will vote for cheap lumber. On the
same principle the gentlemen who represent
the salt interest do not dare vote for cheap
lumber, because if they do they dislodge the
high-tariff lumbermen, and they will turn
round and vote for cheap salt; and so it goes
all around. You go to men of the South, the
interest of whose constituents is clearly and
directly in favor of reducing the tariff on some
of these articles, and you will fix them up
and induce them t,o vote even to the prejudice
of their constituents, and get them into the
same ring.
Gentlemen talk about the lumbermen, and
the gentleman from Ohio talks about the patri-
otism of the soldiers of the lumber interest.
Why, sir, a high tariff upon lumber does not
afloct the men who chop the wood, does not
affect tho men who run the mills. Reducing
this to ton per cent., or putting it up to twenty
percent., does not affect in the least these meu
who do the labor; it affects the men up iu
Wisconsin or Michigan who have purchased
their hundreds of thousands of acres of pine
lands ; it affects the men up in Maine who
have got a large domain of timber; it affects
them, and we must put up the tariff on tins
article, not for the purpose of putting money
into the pockets of tlie men who do tho labor,
not. for the purpose of putting money into the
Treasury, but lor the purpose of putting money
into ihe pockets of those who have large do-
mains eovcied with timber. These are the
only men who are benefited by it.
'I here would not be the slightest appreciable
difference m the wages of the men who work
in the lumber districts. The difference is
simply m the value of the timber. Why, sir,
there are lands iu Michigan which but a few
years ago went begging at twenty cents an
acre, which are now worth fifty to a hundred
dollars an acre. Who owns them? 'The sol-
diers? No, sir; it, is the capitalists who live
in the cities, and who are able to go and pur-
chase large bodies of land because of the tariff;
and, sir, the Treasury gets but a million and
a half from the tariff on lumber.
Mr. PE f'ERS. Because the duty is too low.
Mr. FARNSWORTH.- No, sir; if the duty
was very low they would import more; but
they do not. Our Treasury gets scarcely any-
thing. Why, sir, the cost of manufacturing
lumber doCH not exceed from five to seven
dollars a thousand ; and when there is twenty
per cent, duty on the value of the timber your
Treasury gels nothing, the poor man gets noth-
ing ; but Ihe manufacturer who uses wood, every
man in the United States who builds a house
or any other building, every man who uses a
wagon is affected by this bounty which we are
required to pay to the men who own the tim-
ber lands. That is the effect of the high tariff
on lumber.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. I oppose the amendment,
and 1 will only lake a moment. I wish to ask
the House whether twenty per cent, is a high
rate, and whether the gentleman from Illinois
exclaiming and repeating and vociferating that
it is, makes it a higli-lariff duty. I say, sir,
that twenty per cent, is a low-tariff duty. The
average of the duties proposed is about foriy-
seven per cent. 1 presume there is hardly a
dutiable article imported but what, pays ovpr
twenty per cent. There are very few that pay
ten per cent., some few that pay twenty, but
most of the dutiable goods pay more than
twenty per cent. Sir, it is a low tariff; it is
no more than a mere revenue tariff; it has
no tendency to prevent the provincials from
supplying our market with all the lumber they
have to spare from their production after sup-
