am
THE OO.JST(xEESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
dissolving that which could no longer bind, and to
leave the separated parts to bo rounited by the law
of political gravitation to tho conter."
Never aiti human pen write words of more
wisdom. The horrible history of ten years of
blood, of carnage, of revolution, of anarchy,
of yiolence and crime, has attested the wisdom
of his words. I was for coercion at the com-
mencement of our difficulties, but L say frankly
that if I had had tlie knowledge which the ex-
perience of those terrible years has given me,
never, never would I have given ray consent
to the military coercion of ihe southern States.
In 1838 Mr, Clay discountenanced military co-
ercion, and gave his wisdom and his prescience
against even tho coercion of South Carolina.
1 differed with him then in that position ; I
believed that South Carolina ought to be co-
erced ; but Mr. Clay bad alar-reaching wisdom
upon this great subject to which my narrow
vision oould never reach. Had he been living
when this unfortunate rebellion commenced,
it would have been composed without all the
bloody and terrible civil war that ensued. If
John Quincy Adams bad been alive to have
given to the heated and selfish and ambitious
partisans on both sides the calm suggestions
of his mature wisdom and of his great patriot-
ism, he would have said, as the hero of Mexico
said,'' Let the wayward sisters depart in peace."
If that had been allowed them, "it would not
have been long betore they would have been
knocking for readmission; but as it is, the
remedy has been unspeakably greater and more
grievous than the disease, ami it is the remedy
tliat will effect the destruction of our Constitu-
tion and liberties.
Sir, whenever the choice is offered to me,
are you for disruption and liberty, or are you
for Union and consolidation and military des-
potism, 1 say give mo the first by all choice.
Sir, wo have got into the last, and wo have got
into it inextricably. Wo shall never get out
of it with our institutions, constitutional and
popular liberty preserved ; never, never. Tho
fashion of the day now is to accumulate private
fortune, to extend national empire, to create
every facility of trade, of wealth, of grandeur,
of luxury. There are some things in national
and iudividuai existence worth a groat deal
more. Virtue, intelligence, happiness, peace,
and liberty are worth more than all tho world
beside can give us.
But, sir, let me quote a little further. I have
said that yournutive State and the State of the
honorable Senator from Vermont were among
the first and the foremost and tho most ex-
treme in the idea of secession. 1 will read n
tew more passages on that point. 1 now read
from thelawKol Massachusetts, passed in 18-14,
page ;J1U:
Resolves eoncm-cnm; tho annoxation of Texas :
1. Itmolmd, That tho Dower to uiiito an inde-
pendent foreign Stato with tho United States is not
among tho powers delegated to the General Govoru-
meut by the Constitution of the United States.
2. Ketolwd, That tho Uoiumjmwoalth of Massa-
chusetts, faithful to tho compact between tho peoplo
of the United States
Observe that language: "faithful to the
compact," not to the Governmentor the Con-
stitution. These l-esolu I ions treat it as-com-
pact ; and in connection with that I will state
another historical fact. During the war of
1812 Governor Strong issued his proclama-
tion forbidding the militia of tho State of Mas-
sachusetts to go out of the State to meet and
overthrow our foreign enemy, England. What
did Mr. Madison and the United States author-
ities ^claim? _ They claimed that when under
the Constitution the militia of the State were
mustered into the service of the United' States
they became as much subject to the orders and
commands of the officers of the United States
Army as the United States regular troops were.
That was the position assumed by the admin-
istration of Mr. Madison. The Legislature
Of your native State, sir, passed resolutions
denying the truth ot that position, and that
Legislature, as is customary in that State
submitted the question to the supreme court
,of the State, old Chief Justice Shaw being the
presiding judge, the court being constituted
of five, I believe, probably among the ablest
lawyers of the many able lawyers that have
been produced in that State, and that court
unanimously decided that notwithstanding the
militia of that State were mustered into the
service of the United States, they were subject
to the paramount authority-and command of
the Governor of tho State. But, sir, I will
proceed with these resolutions ;
"2. Resolved, That tho Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. faithful to the compact between the peoplo
of tho United States, according to the plain mean-
ingand intent in which it was understood and ac-
ceded to by them, issincerely anxious forits preser-
vation, but that it is determined, as it doubts not tho
other States are, to submit to undelegated powers
in no body of men on earth. That the project of
the annexation of Texas, unless arrested on tho
threshold, may tend to drive these States into a dis-
solution of the Union, and will furnish new calumnies
against republican governments by exposing tho
gross contradiction of a people professing to be free,
and yofc seeking to extend and perpetuate the sub-
jection of their slaves."
Those were the resolutions passed upon the
annexation of Texas. The right ol' Massa-
chusetts to sccede from the Union was pro-
claimed by legislative resolve upon the annex-
ation of Louisiana and, if I recollect aright,
also upon the annexation by treaty of Florida.
Now, sir, let mo read something more as
to tltt feeling in New England during the last
war with Great Britain. 1 read from Bowler's
Sectional Controversy, page 03:
''War was deolared against Groat Britain, in duo
form, on the 18th of June, 1312, by a vote of 72 to 49
in tho House of Representatives, and 19 to 13 in tho
Senate. To this war tliovo was a strong opposition
manifested in tho oastorn States, in the pulpit, tho
press, in public spocches, and private conversation.
Ministers of tho gospel called itau 'unholy war,' an
'unrighteous war.' At tho time when our armies
wero invading Canada, some of them prayed 'that
all invadmgnriiiies might bo out off,' aud 'that they
who tako tho sword might perish by the sword.' Tho
Rev. Mr. (3-nrdinor, in a sermon preached Julv2:l,
1812, in Boston, uses tho following language: 'Tho
Union has long sinco been dissolved and it is full
timo that, this part of tho United St-itcs should take
earo of itsolf.' Rov. Dr. Parish, in lSyfiekl, Massa-
chusetts. delivered a sermon April7,1814, in which
ho uses the following languago:
"'Tho Israelites bcca-rao weary of yielding the
fruit ot thoir labor to pamper tyrants. They left
their political woes. They separated. Wheroisour
Moses? Whore is tho rod of his miracles? Where
is our Aaron? Alas! no voieo from tho burning
bush has direetod him hero.' These are only speci-
mens.
"Tho pross toomeel with similar sentiments:
My plan is to withhold our money, and make a
serrate peace with England.'—Boston Advertiser.
t ' 'That there will be a revolution if the war con-
tinues, no one can doubt who is acquainted with
human natures and is accustomed to study cause and
eticot. The eastern States aro marching steadily
and straightforward up to tho object.'—Federal
ncpub(ic<in.
These aro specimens:
, " ' Wo call upon our StateLegislaturc to protect us
111 tho onjoymont of those privileges to assort which
our fathors died, and to defend whioh we profess
ourselves, ready to resist unto blood.'— Memorial of
V)C /■J'1®™* 11 ■ Ncwburuport, ifassaehimtts, January
13* 1H14.
" ' liesolved, That wo place tho fullest confidence in
{.lift (jrovonior and Lcgjslaturoof Massachusetts, and
tn the bUto authorities of New England; and that to
thorn, uridor tfod, the Chief Governor of tho uni-
verse, wo look lor aid and direction : and that for
the present, until public opinion shall be known, wo
will not enter our carriages, payonr continental
taxes, or aid, intorrn, or assist any officer in their
collection. —yj awed by the inhabitants of Heading,
JIowacMisetffi, January 6.1S15,
" 'A separation ot tho States will be an inevitable
result. JVlotivos, numerous and urgent, will demand
that moasure. As they originato m oppression, the
oppressors must be responsible for tho momentous
and contingent events arising from the dissolution
ot tho present Confederacy, and erection of separate
governments. It will be their work.'—Northern
imeoances, p. 4, May, 1814.
^ These are specimens:
" ' Yes, sir T ponsiderthis Administration as alien
to us. so much so, that Sew England would bo justi-
fied m declariug them liko all foreign nations, ene-
mies in war, in peace friends. The States of New
England can never bo satellites in any system ; but
like the primary planots, they will revolve around
the. sun of Federalism, until the Almighty hand,
which created them, shall dash them from their
orbits forever.' "~~Q/ru<t King, of Massachusetts, in
Congress, Octobcr 22,1814.
IP" °.r before the 4th of July next, if James
Madison is not out of office, a new form of govern-
ment will be in operation in the eastern section of
the Union. Instantly after, the contest in many of
the States will be, whether to adhere to the old, or
to join the new Government .'"—Inderal Repub-
lican, November 7,1814.
About that time, as I have stated before in
the Senate, Plattsburg wag invaded by a strong
British army. Tho General Government and
the States made overy effort to meet and to
repel that invasion. Troops were called out
from Massachusetts. Governor Strong issued
his proclamation forbidding them to march to
Plattsburg, and they did not march to Platts-
burg, but afterward the State put in a claim
for their services as militia, and received pay
from the United States Treasury. At the same
time forces wero called out from Vermont,
Governor Chittenden being the Governor. He
issued a similar proclamation, but a good por-
tion of the patriotio militia of Vermont dis-
dained to obey his order, and went to Platts-
burg and participated in the glorious victory
of the 11th of September. What did Massa-
chusetts do? She asserted a very right prin-
ciple, but sought to give it a very great mis-
application, as 1 believe. Let me read from
the history of those times :
'' Xo judicial proceedings or Federal interference
took place against tho Governor of Vermont; the
foneral, Davis, was enlarged on recognizance and
ail to appear at Albany for trial. Not long alter,
when the Legislature of Massachusetts met, Mr,
Otis, by another step toward tho Hartford conven-
tion.'on the 14th January, 1814, laid on tho table of
the house of representatives at Boston, a resolution
expressive of tho duty of Massachusetts to aid the
Governor and people of Vermont, or any other State,
to support their constitutional rights when in dan-
ger of infringement irom any quarter; and when
requested by the Governor of Vermont or any other
Stato. upon evidence of such infringement, to pro-
vido by law for their effectual support."—fnoersotl's
History of the Late War, volume 2, p. 27.
The principle was right; the error consisted
in its application to the case. Here the Gov-
ernment of the United States had. made a
requisition upon Vermont for militia. That
militia had been enrolled and organized, and
was ordered to march and take position with
the Army of the United States. A part of
that militia moved out of the State of Ver-
mont to Plattsburg; a part availed itself of
the proclamation of Governor Chittenden and
refused to march. The resolution introduced
by Mr. Otis in the Legislature of Massachu-
setts was sound in its terms, eminently so. It
declared that when the constitutional rights
of Vermont were invaded it was the duty of
Massachusetts and all other States to rally to
the support of Vermont in sustaining her con-
stitutional rights.
That State was then wrong. She was not
only wrong but she was felo de se, as wilt yet
be proved in the future, hi this terrible
war of ours, when the standard of rebellion
was raised, when States like Maryland and
Delaware and Kentucky stood upon their con-
stitutional rights, it was our duty and our
right to defend them, even by force of arms,
against the aggressions of the President and
the Congress of the United States. It was
the right and it was the duty of every State,
of every friend of reserved State rights, of
overy friend of constitutional liberty, of every
friend of popular government to rally to the
support of Delaware and Maryland and Ken-
tucky and every other State whose rights were
invaded and trampled upon by the usurping
United States Government. Sir, whenSeymour
was Governor ef New York, he was at the bead
of au imperium in imperio. He might-have
called in the aid of hundreds of thousands of
armed freemen to stand up for the mainte-
nance of the rights of the people of his State in
their government and in their persons against
the aggressions of the United States. It was
his duty and it ought to have been the last, act
ot Ms lite, if he perished in the aet. to have
stood in their defense.
These are the doctrines of constitutional gov-
ernment and of the liberty of mankind, and a
constitutional Government andpopular.liberty
can never,exist, long when thev are overthrown.
Sir, the people of tlxe .United States ought to
liseas one man and rally to their.Constiui-
