2558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
penalties have grown with the growth of the
country and the expansion of its business
from a comparatively insignificant matter into
one of the most enormous abuses. When tlie
whole revenues of the Government did not
amount to fifteen millions altogether these
moieties did not seem so very important, and
were, in fact; bat an insignificant portion of
the gains of a Government revenue officer.
Now, however, the situation is reversed.
We are collecting between three and four
hundred millions a year, and the moieties in
many cases reach so vast a sum that the sal-
ary lias ceased to be regarded as of much
account. Need we wonder, therefore, that
these officers turn detectives and black-mailers
instead of honest publ'c servants ? They hold
their modest salaries i'i utter contempt,.
Is there any valid reason why three officers
of the New York custom house should realize,
each of them, an annual profit of §50,000 for
his services? Can this House excuse itself tor
having permitted Ibis enormous abuse to grow
and continue without any effort to correct it,
until the corruptions of that concern have risen
to such a height as to at.tract the attention of
foreign countries even, and almost to defy
legislative au'hority? It will be, in vain to
send investigating committees to raiseaebimor
and turn a gorged political cormorant oat,, only
to put a hungry one in.
The New York custom-house exhibits on a
large scale precisely what is doing all over the
country. It is not a very large custom-bouse
now that realizes $25,000 a year to the col-
lector, -and there is a whole brood of lesser
detectives, black-mailei s, and couipi omisers
about, him who also make very handsome gains;
and the loss of the money is not the worst of
it. It is the demoralization of the whole ser-
vice, turning the officers away from their proper
duties and sending them on a hunt after dis-
honest gains.
The P resident and Secretary of the Treas-
ury have recommended the abolition of this
monstrosity, but it is not done. Like every old
abuse, it intrenches itself' with the interest, it
creates and promotes. It wins the politicians
by liberal subscriptions to help on their
schemes; it cau afford it. It sends out its
agents to control the caucuses, and marshals
its adherents m the conventions with an en-
ergy and power that, excites the admiration
of the uninitiated ; it can afford that too. It
cracks its whip in the two Houses of Congress
and cries with a loud voice that we have the
best civil service in the world. "Too much,"
it proclaims, ''has been said about civil service
reform."
One of its devotees lately said, in another
place, that he was "an humble convert to the
doctrineot 'moieties.' " The humility is equal
to that of Uriah lleep, and the conversion as
hopeful as that, of Pecksniff.
The public offices are made the headquarters
of political campaigns, and they furnish the
money by which those* campaigns are carried
on. The taxes which come of the toil and
sweat of the people go to pay enormous sala-
lies and perquisites to office-holders in order
that, they may be able to furnish the means
to keep themselves in power. Deprive these
office-holders of their enormous gains, and you
at once cut off the sources of their power and
reduce them to the position they ought to
occupy, that of public servants obedient to the
laws.
Of course these remarks do not apply to
all the offices, for many of them are not over-
paid ; but, they do apply to most of the larger
offices, the salaiies and perquisites of which
have been greatly increased of late years in
consequence of the change, almost amounting
to a revolution, in our revenue system.
I place, therefore, foremost m any system
of real civil service reform a thorough and
complete review of the system of official sala-
ries, mo'eties, and perquisites, and their reduc-
tion to the moderate standard of only fair and
just compensation for services required. Any-
thing short of this will fail utterly to accom-
plish much good. I do not undertake here to
go into particulars, but they are easily sup-
plied from the experience of every intelligent
man.
Next to this in importance I place the neces
sity of making public officers independent of
all partisan extortion and dictation while per-
forming their duties faitlnully according to the
laws and the oath they have taken. To this
end it is essential that, a fixed term of office be
established by law, so that the incumbent can-
not be removed before its expiration except
foi good caus.-, to be proven upon a fair trial
before some convenient, t,iibunal.
it is a crying shame that, honest and high-
minded men are appointed to important, offices
all over the countiy, and then before their
termsare halfcxpired contemptuously removed
while in the faithful discharge of their duties,
without, any cause whatever, not even a polit-
ical complaint being made against them.
The real reason iorthis is to be found in the
fact, that some political magnate demands the
degradation of a faithful public servant either
because he is too honorable and honest, to bo
a tool of his own, or because his place is
wanted to boused in payment for political ser-
vices rendered. Can it bo doubted that under
a system of this soit, corruption in office will
at last become the ruleaud nott.he exception ;
that tlie most, honest and compel ent, men will
fly from office-holding as from a contagion ?
They are well-nigh alteady reduced to a bri-
gade of political scouts, whose tenure depends
upon the vigor and unscrupulousness of their
paitisan services. Tluor promotion depends
upon the number of scalps they bung in and
the share of their loot put into the party
treasury.
This system began with the pruniple of
semi-barbarous warfare that, "t.o the victors
belong the spoils of the vanquished." This
required only that enemies of the victorious
party should be removed to be replaced by
Iriemls; and it had this apparently sound but
really fallacious argument in its support, that
the victorious party being responsible for the
administration could not safely trust, any hut,
friends with office. Now, however, we have
descended so low in political morals that the
principle of the pirate ship prevails. It is no
longer to the victorious party that the spoils
belong, but, to the portion of that party near-
est the seat, of power. Friends are slaughtered
now with as keen a relish as ever blood was
drunk from enemies' skulls.
if gentlemen say this is too strong, I answer
that every syllable of it, can be proved from
the icoords of my own State within the last
two years ; and not in my State alone. Is it
not notorious that ceitain political freebooters
are abroad with commissions to slay, without
regard to color or previous condition, until
the whole of 1 he dominant party is reduced to
the discipline of a camp?
And, sir, I am blaming no one. It is the
legitimate result of the system. It leads di-
rectly there, and nowhere else. Its evils imglrt
be modified somewhat in very careful and con-
scientious hands, but the evil would still none
the less exist. The public attention is now
deeply aroused upon the subject, andweought
to deal thoroughly with it. The tenure-of-
office act has gone just far enough for mischief
and not fur enough for any good. Now let
us go a little further and prohibit removals
except for cause, and give an officeholder some
rights that a white man is bound to respect.
Let us redeem him from the humiliating and
contemptible position m which he stands. He
is the creature of the appointing power with-
out any liberty. The sword hangs ever over
his head, and every moment he looks trem-
blingly to see it fall. If tlie breath of suspicion i
falls upon him, he is lost. No matter what, his '
services, no matter how innocent of all blame, I
without a trial, without even a warning the
gazette informs hitn that his head is off. He
asks for a reason, and learns that he is sus-
pected of not being strong enough in favor of
somebody.
How all this degrades the civil service and
turns the fountain of honor into a well of
Dead sea waters is too evident to need illus-
tration.
I am no advocate of life tenure of olfice.
That is anti-republicati and wholly unneces-
sary. We do not want an officeholding class,
and the people will never permit it; but we
do want officers appointed for regular terms,
with the right to hold out their terms if they
do their duty. It is necessary, in order to
effect the reform which the people demand,
that all officers should feel that their safely
and success depend mainly upon the faithful
and intelligent performance of all their duties,
and this will be promoted very greatiy by mak-
ing them subject to removal only for delin-
quency in that respect.
Neither have I any fanciful expectation that
we shall ever eschew partisanship altogether
in making appuintments to office. Until
human nature is regenerated entirely, and
politicians become models of Christian char-
ily, that will never be done. Let the gen-
tleman from Illinois. [Mr. Sxapp,] and all
the other anxious gentlemen, possess their
souls in peace ; the party m power will put in
its friends, one way or another, until the
heavens are rolled together and '■ the ele-
ments melt, with fervent heat." But is that
a reason why we should not compel them to
be just a little decent about it? Do not let
them do ^it by auction, as they elect Sen-
ators in Kansas, and may be somewhere else.
There has been just one objection of some
force urged against the policy of confining
removals fiotu office to eases where good cause
Can be established. It is said that, the appoint-
ing power may be morally certain that the
official is not doing his duty faithfully, and
still be unable to prove it. No doubt nidi
cases may occur, but they must be exce* dii.giy
lare. When a public officer is suspected of
maladministration, a summary cxamina'hm by
competent persons into all his official acts can
hardly ever fail to disclose his delinquency, if
there be any. For this purpose there would
always be sufficient, power in the hands of
Government inspectors.
Under any system some dishonest officials
will escape detection, but it seems clear that,
fair and just, dealing with them wiil always be
safest. It the tenure for the entire term is
made to depend upon the good conduct of the
officer himself, there is the strongest motive
for faithfulness, while the uncertainty of the
tenure which is made to depend uponmeie
political favoritism must always tempt the
officer to make the most of his opportunities
while his day lasts. And this experience lias
verified.
It is a standing rule of justice everywhere
that, no man shall be condemned unheard. If
it should be proposed in any free country to
take from a citizen the smallest piece of proo-
erty without givmg him a hearing, it would be
denouueed as the grossest piece of injustice
and despotism. How does it happen, then,
that, we permit a respectable citizen, guilty of
no fault, who has been appointed to an office,
ilie term of which is four years by law, to be
removed at the end of one year without any
cause assigned or any hearing whatever
thereon? Tins citizen perhaps has lcftanothi r
business which was remunerative to enter into
Government, employ, and has suffered some
expenses and Josses for that purpose, besides
having some feelings as a man, and some care
for a reputation theretofore unstained. Are
such removals necessary for the good of the
pubuc service ! On the contrary, do they not
demoralize and degrade the public service?
i no is there to detend such a uoiicy except
those whose greed is fed by it? '
Ihere is one other object which I think a
