1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3455
plying their own consumption. And we pro-
pose to cut down an already low duty, making
jt only eighteen per certt. instead of twenty per
cent, ad valorem. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] says that it is the owners
of the land who will be affected by this. Sir,
I deny it. I myself know better.
The price of stumpage has been nearly uni-
form in the State of Maine for the past twenty
years, with scarcely any increase beyond the
general rise in prices. How was it when we had
a treaty of reciprocity, under which the prov
inces introduced their lumber free? The stump-
age was then as much in proportion to other
prices as it is at the present time. Sir, I tell
you that when distress is felt in this industry
it first and principally falls most keenly upon
the laborer, because he is thrown out of an
opportunity to labor, while the man who owns
"the domain" spoken of by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] has "the
domain" and money and means enough to
keep him from suffering. Every gentleman
knows that whenever any industry is struck
down, by temporary misfortune it strikes first
and most heavily the laborer, because he has
no surplus to support him.
Now, I wish to say in addition but one thing,
and that is that lumber and all lumber mate-
rials used in ship-building are already on the
free list, and placed there two years ago.
Therefore, that portion of the gentleman's
amendment is unnecessary, and the other por-
tion of his amendment is only a proposition
in an indirect way to put lumber upon the free
list.
I will yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Griffith]
if I have any left.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. HEREFORD. I renew it. The logic
of gentlemen on this floor who favor a high
protective tariff is very strange to my mind.
But the other day we heard gentlemen on the
opposite side of the House say that we should
have free salt, because it was a matter of uni-
versal use. Now, to-day, the same gentlemen
say they must have a high tariff on lumber,
which is also of universal use, upon the boards
and planks and laths and scantlings that shel-
ter the poor from the pitiless storm.
Where is your consistency ? If salt should
be made free, because it is of universal use and
consumption, why should notlumber, if possi-
ble of more universal use, be also free I Give
the poor man free boards, free scantlings, and
free laths to shield his family from the falling
snow in the cold of winter. Give the poor
man a cheaper plow, a cheaper wagon, and
such articles as are of universal use. Yet to-
day we bear those gentlemen say that you
must have a high protective tariff upon the
very lumber that is to shield the poor from
cold and storm. Sir, go home and tell the
common people that you are m favor of their
rights, and that you want to put a highpio-
tective tariff upon the lumber that is to
shelter them and their children from the cold,
and they will say, "God save us from such
friends." . c
Mr. LYNCH. Was the gentleman in favor
of free coal? , , ..
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
Mr GRIFFITH. I understand that under
the Constitution of our country we have but
two modes of raising revenue—direct taxation,
and indirect taxation or tariff, necessaiy o
defray the expenses of the Government J
have heard but one gentleman on this floor
advocate direct taxation, and I believe there
are no others here in favor of that system.
Wo then from necessity come back to_tlie sys-
tem of indirect taxation, or a tariff on imports.
That has been the uniform policy of this bov-
ernment from its organisation to the present
day. The wisdom of that course has been fully
illustrated by the different revulsions that have
come over this country during the different
tariffs we have had, when low duties were
imposed and financial and business revulsions
and distress followed. If any gentleman will
study the history of his country carefully he
will draw from that history the most conclu-
sive argument in favor of encouraging home
industry. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] has spoken of the condition of England.
We are told how much more of the necessa-
ries of life the poor man can purohase in a
foreign country, for a given sum, than he can
in the United States. Sir, on that one simple
circumstance, the greater purchasing power
of money in Europe than in this country, is
based one of the strongest, arguments for pro-
tecting labor here. We are told, "Give the
poor man cheap fuel, cheap food, cheap lum-
ber, cheap clothing, cheap everything." Now,
what has the poor man to give in exchange for
his fuel, his clothing, and the other necessaries
of life? Has he anything to give besides his
labor? Has he anything hut his daily toil?
I-Ias he anything but the product of his hands ?
And will you destroy the purchasing power of
his labor? Will you destroy the market for
that labor, so that the poor man shall not have
wherewith to buy food, or lumber, or clothing,
or fuel, at any price? I say no; emphatic-
ally no.
J say, Mr. Chairman, that a protective tariff
is altogether in the interest of labor. You
may analyze it as you choose you may take
the products of the farm, the forest, the fur-
nace, the forgo, or the mill; and 1 say that
the man who proposes to reduce the tarill
strikes at the interest of the laboring man,
diminishes his means of supplying himself and
family with the necessaries and comforts of
life, and thereby inflicts upon him a great
injury, a grievous wrong, and the laboring
men of this country understand it.
Tell me, Mr. Chairman, how many petitions
have we had from laboring men of the United
States against the tariff? Not one; but thou-
sands in favor of it, and yet we have gentlemen
here professing all the tune to speak in the
interest of labor iind the laboring men, and
advocating free trade. Yet whenever the,
laboring men speak for themselves, as they
have in their petitions presented to Congress,
they say, Give us the tariff ; protection to out
industry; to our labor." Gentlemen assuming
to speak here for the laboring men do so
without authority when they urge us to strike
down the tariff and admit foreign articles-
goods, wares, and merchandise—composed, as
they are almost entirely, of foreign labor, duty
free ; thus destroying and degrading American
labor and driving it out of market; thus
depriving the poor man of the only means of
supporting liimself and family, lallc to him
about cheap lumber, cheap fuol, cheap cloth-
in", and cheap food, and then deprive him of
the only means he has of purchasing those
neeessai ies at any price, however cheap!
What the nr.or man, the laboring man needs
and must 'have is plenty of work at fair and
remunerative prices; and this can only be
secured to him by encouraging and diversify-
ing, enlarging and developing American
industry, and then he will take care of him-
self. 1 assure you J am in iav^r 01 protecting
the'lumber business because it is protecting
and encouraging American industry, Amei-
ican labor. ^
[LIere the hammer tell.J
Mr. HAY rose. _
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. HEREFORD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HAY. I will renew it.
Ml- DAWES. I object to the withdrawal
of the amendment. 1 wish to be understood
as objecting to the withdrawal of any amend
ment hereafter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, is
it not in order to amend the original text?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move then to
amend the original text by striking out "five"
and inserting " ten." Iyield to ray colleague,
[Mr. Hay.]
Mr. HAY. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
who has just taken his seat [Mr. Griffith]
spoke of nobody hero being in favor of direct
taxation. Now, sir, with the limited oppor-
tunity allowed us here for debate oil the prop-
ositions coming before us, there is no time to
be given to the discussion of abstract princi-
ples or theories. We are now speaking with
reference to the present duty of twenty per
cent, upon lumber. I am perfectly surprised
that gentlemen from Maine should stand up
hero and advocate that all duties upon salt
be removed, and at the same time ask that a
duty of twenty per cent, be continued upou
the article of lumber. I can see no reason or
consistency in any such position. There is
scarcely anything of more universal use in
this country than lumber. Every man who
needs shelter is a consumer of lumber. Indeed,
Mr. Chairman, it is hard to conceive of any-
thing more universally used than lumber. If
I fould have my way 1 would make it free.
All 1 can do now is to insist I hat wo shall
place the present duty upon lumber as near a
revenue basis as possible.
Mr. Chairman, this whole question on the
duty of lumber was up in discussion in tho
other end of the Capitol. Senators represent-
ing lumber-producing States defended that
interest as it has been defended hero to-day,
and one of them had the boldness to statu
before the Senate that if the duty were re-
moved it would cost the people ot the United
States $20,000,000. When called upon to
state how it would cost the people of the Uni-
ted States §20,000,000, the admission was
made that the duly paid into the Treasury on
lumber imported is only $1,500,000 So,
(hen, of the duty on this article of lumber
only $1,1)00,000 is paid by the great, body of
consumers into the Treasury ot the United
States, while the remaining $18,500,000 of
the §20.000,000 spoken of goes into the en-
hanced price to these lumbermen. This
enhanced price goes nearly all to the benefit
of the rich eastern owners of these forests.
Do gentlemen on this floor know lo-day
that four hundred thousand of their fellow-
citizens are engaged in the manufacture ol
articles from wood? Every one engaged in
these manufactures is interested to-day to see
this duty taken off of lumber. They are not
here crowding the lobbies, forcing their w.iy
into the Ways and Means Committee, asking
that duties shall he imposed for their benefit.
They know full well the manufactures in which
they are engaged can derive no protection by
the imposition of these high duties. Every-
one of them engaged in tfiese manufactures
from wood is interested in the removal ol this
duty from lumber. All you derive in the way
of revenue is $1.500,000 out of $20,000,000,
and that shows it is as near a bounty as if can
well be made. .
Mr. Chairman, in conclusion I wish to say 1
shall vote here at all times to place the duty
011 lumber as near a revenue duty as possible.
1 believe it will be found—and the more every
member here investigates it the more surely
he will come to the same conclusion—that to
the extent we reduce these high protective
duties the greater will be the increase of rev-
enue. Every cent taken off of these htge
duties increases the revenue instead of rt due
ing it, as wo aie constantly reminded will lie
the result.
[ Here the liumriK'r fell.] .
Mr. KlLLINGEll. Mr. Chairman, 1 wish
to oppose the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois. [Mr. Bi;kchm:ii.J J shall oppo-e
all such propositions; am.   do ho on
the broad principle that it is my duty as a pio-
