1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3663
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment in order to renew it again.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to the
withdrawal of the amendment. Let us have a
vote on it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
adoption of the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be again read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the words of the amendment and insert
these words: "6500,000: Provided, The steamship com-
pany shall perform said service semi-monthly, and
it may perform the said service in ships of foreign
construction."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is moved as a
substitute for the amendment of the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Comger.] Is it not
in order to movefurther to amend the original
amendment before the substitute is voted on?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move to
amend the original amendment by striking out
"$500,000," and inserting "$400,000."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not wish it to be
understood that I am opposing commence, or
that 1 am opposing this steamship line to China
and Japan. By no manner of means. It is
necessary to carry the mails there. This sub-
sidy is given for the purpose of securing the
carrying of the mails. This appropriation is
made by the bill on the theory that it is for
carrying the United States mail. But I wish
to say one word on behalf of the amendment
I offered a little while ago in favor of allowing
steamship lines and other companies which
desire to promote commerce to purchase ships
where they can purchase them cheapest and
best.
A singular spectacle is presented in the
House to-day of a combination of the high
tariff men and the extreme protective men of
the country, and the ship-builders of Maine,
with the men engaged in commerce upon the
ocean who are asking subsidies. All of these
classes have combined against the proposition
to purchase ships where they can be purchased
cheap, and in favor of the proposition of main-
taining commerce by a higher rate of subsidy.
The men engaged in shipping prefer subsidies
to having their ships built cheaply. The high
tariff men prefer to pay subsidies, because they
can get back the amount they pay twice over
in the advance of iron and other materials.
The people of Maine, who build nothing but
vessels for the coastwise trade, and for the
commerce of the rivers and inland lakes,
oppose my proposition because they are afraid
if we once had the system introduced of buy-
ing cheap ships we would take the tariff off the
lumber which enters into the construction of
their shios. Thus you have a combination of
the high "tariff men, the men who want a high
tariff on iron, the men who want a high tariff
on wood, the men who want a high tariff on
cordage, with the men who want to sail ships
for the purpose of making money. These
come here together with the proposition that
we shall hire the carrying of our commerce by
putting our hands into the United States Treas-
ury, and with the gold taken therefrom hiring
men to put ships on the ocean. The result
will be that the tax-payer will be ground be-
tween the upper and nether millstone.
Thus you propose to grind the faces of the
poor by putting tax upon tax. You first tax
the commerce at a high rate. Then you put
a high tariff on the ship which brings the
commerce, and the people must pay that.
And when we ask here the poor boon of being
permitted to go abroad and buy ships where
we can buy them cheap, in which to carry this
commerce, you say, "No; you shall build your
ship in the navy-yard of Philadelphia, for
the benefit of the iron interest there." And
when I say to the Representatives of Maine,
" This is a matter in which you have no inter-
est; you do not build iron ships," they reply,
"Ahl if you once commence to make free
ships you will next be taking the tariff off lum-
ber, and then we shall not have the profit which
we now derive from that source."
I tell you, Mr. Chairman, you never will
promote American commerce by hiring men
to put ships upon the ocean. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] the cham-
pion of the pig-iron interest, says they are
establishing ship-yards at Dubuque and other
places for the building of steamboats, &c.
Why, of course, the steamboats which float on
the Mississippi river and the vessels that float
on our lakes are made in our country. Of
course they must be made here. Nobody ex-
pects to import ships to run upon the Missis-
sippi river or upon our lakes and rivers. Not
at all. They must be built here. This is no
competition with that class of ship-building.
To allow the purchase of ships in Scotland to
carry commerce betwen China and Japan and
this country over the Pacific ocean is not op-
pressing men who start a ship-yard in Dubuque
to build a few steamers, shallow boats, to run
on the Mississippi river. It is not in compe-
tition with them at all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman, buy where you can buy cheapest
is the free-trade doctrine of members of this
House. They want to carry that out in ships
as well as in other manufactures, and they
wish to destroy a very important branch of
American industry. The doctrine has been so
often exploded that it is hardly worth my while
to talk about it here and now, but repeated as
it has been by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth,] and the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] in the proposition that
it will be of advantage to the people of the
United States to buy ships wherever they can
buy them cheapest, I think it demands a brief
answer in this discussion. The effect of this
doctrine, if it be carried out to its fullest ex-
tent, the extent proposed by the gentleman
from Illinois, would be to destroy the whole
of our coasting trade.- For more than fifty
years the Congress of the United States has
held to the patriotic doctrine with regard to
the coasting trade that it should be in the
hands of the American people, and it has been
kept there by adequate legislation. But if we
carry to its legitimate results the principle of
the gentlemen to whom I have alluded, the
whole of it will be destroyed in less than a
single year, and transferred to the cheaper
vessels of foreigners; but I rejoice that there
is no member from any great commercial city
of the country who would dare to vote for such
a principle, because if he did, after the 4th of
March next, these Halls which know him now
would know him no more forever.
Now, sir, we have been talking all along
about the decay of American commerce. We
have heard doleful jeremiads here from one
session to another for the last three or four
years asking that something shall be done for
American commerce, and when the oppor-
tunity presents we refuse to embrace it. Our
ships once on the Atlantic ocean have been
driven from the sea. Of the one hundred and
seventeen vessels belonging to steam lines be-
tween the United States and Europe that sailed
from the port of New York in 1870 none of
them bore the American flag. Forty-three
vessels only remain to us for our foreign com-
merce, and seventeen of them are on the Pa-
cific ocean, the remainder of them engaged in
insignificant commerce elsewhere. How is it
that Great Britain, sir, has obtained supremacy
upon the Atlantic? A portion of the most
influential carrying lines are strongly subsi-
dized. Great Britain understands the means
whereby her commerce may be extended and
whereby she shall have the supremacy of the
ocean. She knows what she wants. She knows
that the commerce of the world pours into the
lap of the people untold millions of wealth,
and she pays for it accordingly, and considers
her subsidies as a magnificent investment.
We know that by half a million of dollars
in subsidies paid to the British steamers, and
by half a million of similar subsidies paid to
the French steamers, they have the great car-
rying trade between the ports of America and
Europe, and yet here to-day, when we want to
obtaina portion of that carrying trade, we have
not the courage to vote for subsidies. Gen-
tlemen come here and endeavor to scare weak-
kneed members by telling them that this is
a tax taken out of the pockets of the people,
and that they dare not go back to their con-
stituents and say to them that we have refused
bounty to the soldiers, and have been endeav-
oring to put half a million of dollars into.the
pockets of a great corporation. We have
never neglected the soldier, and will not do it;
but if we want this commerce we must pay for
it, and pay for it in subsidies ; we must keep
the building of American ships for both foreign
and domestic commerce in American hands;
we must not permit the policy of these two
gentlemen who have lately addressed you to
prevail. If it should prevail, it would drive
out of employment, and into great distress,
five thousand men who are to-day in the ship-
yards of Philadelphia, of Chester, of Wilming-
ton, on the Delaware, building ships for the
whole coasting trade, and some of them for
the foreign trade; and we must surrender to
Europe the trident of the seas. National pride
and national honor should stimulate us to use
every expedient to avoid such an ignominious
and disastrous result.
I am opposed to this principle of sending
abroad to Europe for her cheap ships. We
want that American ships in American trade
shall be built by American men. We want to
incribe over the doors of these Halls of Con-
gress the great American principle—one that
should be engraved m letters of gold over the
legislative halls of every State in the Union,
and especially of the Capitol of the United
States—that the work of America shall be done
by American workmen at prices sufficient to
secure them an adequate reward for their labor.
We do not propose to transfer the ship-yards
of America, the ship-yards of the Delaware, of
New London, and of the Hudson, over to the
Clyde. We propose to keep all the labor that
we can perform among our own people, to
hand it over to American laborers, who assist
in paying our taxes and supporting the Gov-
ernment against invasion from without and
rebellion from within. No other principle of
action seems to me to be worthy of the name
of an American policy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my last
amendment.
Mr. PALMER. I desire to obtain unani-
mous consent that all debate on the pending
amendment may close at half past four o'clock.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
for a motion that the committee now rise?
Mr. SARGENT. Is there objection to the
proposition that debate on the pending amend-
ment shall cease at half past four o'clock?
Mr. KERR. Yes, there is.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Palmer] yield to me?
Mr. PALMER. I will yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move that the committee
now rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Did the gen-
gentleman from Iowa yield for that motion ?
Mr. PALMER. I yielded to the gentleman
because I supposed he wanted to debate the
pending amendment. I did not yield for a
motion that the committee rise.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not want to debate
it now.
Mr. PALMER. I will again ask unanimous
consent that all debate upon the pending
amendment shall terminate at half past four
o'clock.
Mr. HOLM'AN" and others objected.
Mr. SARGENT. Then, if the gentleman
will yield to me, I will move that the commit-
