1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4351
is just as plain as the law can make it as fall-
ing within the rale of a private claim, where
there is not only not merely the absence of a
statute, but a positive statute against the pay-
ment, of course we can fly in the face of all
rules and say we will stultify ourselves merely
because it is for a good purpose; we will vio-
late any rule of the Senate or any statute
merely because we think there is a good end
to be gained by it. We cannot do that with
safety or propriety.
Jl think there are ways enough for this man
to get his money if he is fairly entitled to it,
without our violating our own rules to give it
to him, because if you violate the rule for this
man you must violate it for any man who
asserts that he has a private claim which ought
to be attended to; and an appropriation bill
is not the place for it. I have got consider-
able information which I shall communicate
to my friend, not in hostility to this claim, but
only to show that Congress would betaking a
very extraordinary step to provide for it, if
we should ever come to it, but I do not want
to occupy the time of the Senate in discussing
why this claim, even if it is in order, should
not be put on this bill, under existing facts
which have not yet been disclosed, but only to
ask the Senate for once in its life, and to ask
myself for once in my life, to declare that this
thirtieth rule shall be enforced in a case where
it is perfectly impossible to argue that it does
not apply.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. X have some
recollection of this claim, but it is so far
back that I am not sure that I can state it
accurately. Therefore I do not know that I
shall state the facts so as to raise the question
even under the rule. But it was once before
this b.etore the Committee 011 Appropriations
when I was upon that committee, and my gen-
eral recollection of it is that this is   claim
arising under a contract dating as far back as
the earlier years of the war, for steam engines,
and that in order to ascertain the balance due
upon that contract the whole claim was re-
ferred to a board selected by the Secretary of
the Navy at that time.
Mr. SPfiAGUE. And agreed to by the
parlies.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And probably
agreed to by the parties. At any rate, proper
steps were taken by the Navy Department to
ascertain the balance as upon a settlement of
that contract for labor done.' I remember at
that time a recommendation was made by the
Secretary of the Navy for an appropriation to
cover the balance so found due this man Cor-
liss, and at that time my judgment in regard
to it was, I remember, that it was a liquidated
balance ascertained by the Secretary of the
Navy upon this contract of Corliss. Being in
that condition, it seemed to me that it was a
fit subject for an appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
my friend from Maine whether that amount
was not about one half of the amount that is
now proposed in this bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That I am not
able to say, for I have not ever looked at the
amount in the bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. It is precisely the same, I
will say to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
about that. I am only stating my recollection
of the general facts, but I think there is no
doubt, at least I, entertain no doubt, that I am
right in this general statement. Then it would
be before us upon that statement ss a liquid-
ated claim upon the recommendaiionol' the
Secretary of the Navy, he having estimated
for it. Would it or would it not, under that
statement, be within the rule ?. Assuming this
state of facts would bring it within the rule,
let us see if it is barred by the statute which
has been read by the Senator from Vermont:
Provided, That before paying the claim of the
Corliss Steam-Engine Company the Secretary of the
Navy shall cause a reexamination ot said claim.
If that claim were here to day on the rec-
ommendation of the Department, as I assume
it was on the former occasion, so as to make it
in order under the rule, would it be prohib-
ited or barred by this statute? I think not—
clearly not. That is simply an inhibition on
the Secretary of the Navy paying. N'on con-
stat, I submit to my honorable friend, that it
may not be brought here properly notwith-
standing that. That is simply an inhibition
on him—he shall not pay it. It does not say
that it may not be presented here by Mr. Cor-
liss. It says Mr. Corliss shall not go to the
Secretary of the Navy and present it, or if he
does the Secretary of the Navy shall have no
power whatever to pay it until certain things
have transpired in the Navy Department, and
I cannot conceive that has the slightest rela-
tion to the proceedings of Congress, nor does
it in any way, I submit to myhonorable friend,
oAPdffr tko fiija
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask my friend a
question to see if we understand each other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I take it the Senator
will admit that this claim of the Corliss Steam-
Engine Company against the United States
for money claimed to be due upon a certain
settlement between the United States and that
company is a private claim, will be not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have just
stated, while the Senator was otherwise en-
gaged, a state of facts which I suppose the
Senator would admit would bring it within
the rule; that is to say, that it originated in a
contract; that it became a liquidated debt in
the Navy Department by certain transactions
there had, and was estimated for and recom-
mended for an appropriation; and so it was
within the rule on a former occasion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator does not
answer my question. Of course he is not
bound to jdo so. I have no right to catechise
him. I ask whether he does not admit, that
this claim of the Corliss Steam-Engine Com-
pany as it stands to-day belore Congress or
before the Department is a private claim?
Mr- MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose it is
a private claim in the same sense that any
claim against the Government is a private
claim.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. Then I ask
him, being a private-claim, if it must not come
within the thirtieth rule relating to appropria-
tions in order to be put on this bill? Of
course that necessarily follows.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On the state-
ment of facts to Which I referred—I am refer-
ring now not to the statement of facts existing
here, for I do not know what they are, but the
statement of facts which existed on a former
occasion—which induced the Committee on
Appropriations to put it 011 the bill, I think it
Would come witbiu this rule:
" Or moved by direction of. 11 standing or select
committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an esti-
mate from the head of 0110 of the Departments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the Senator stops,
unhappily, at one class of amendments. Now,
if he will go a little further, he will find the
prohibition against private claims is a prohi-
bition that cannot be got over by a committee;
it cannot be got over by the head of aDepart-
ment. An estimate does not help it, for the
language of the rule after it has stated one
class that shall not be received, is:
"And no amendment shall bo received whose
object is to provide tor a private claim, unless —,
Unless what ? Unless it is estimated for by
the head of a Department? No. Unless it is
reported by a committee? No—
"unless it be to carry out the provisions of an
existing law or a treaty stipulation.'
Not the provisions of an existing contract,
not any general authority ot law, but unless
it is to do—and 1 put it to the candor of my
friend as a former chairman of the committee—
unless it is to do something to a particular
man or to all men that the law says shall have
that thing done to them, and money is needed
for it. That is what the rule says.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, if I can get
the attention of the Senator from Vermont I will
endeavor to answer his question so far as I
can answer it. Suppose the contract for the
construction of these engines was authorized
by an act of the Congress of the United States,
as I assume it was?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was not authorized by
an act of Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly it was.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend is mistaken.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly the
Secretary of the Navy was authorized by the
Congress of the United States to contract for
these engines, I assume.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is what he was
authorized to do: under the war appropria-
tions of 1862 a vast sum of money was appro-
priated to the Secretary of the Navy to provide
for the naval defense of the United States, and
he had bureaus of construction, and bureaus
of repair, and bureaus of steam engineering,
and out of these appropriations the Secretary
of the Navy made contracts. He made this
contract for a certain engine, or two or three
engines to be done at a certain time. Whether
they were or not I do not know, and finally it
is said this contract was settled. That is all
the law there is about it until you come to
this act of 1870.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can proceed by unanimous consent. The Chair
understands that on this bill and all questions
growing out of it speeches are limited to'five
minutes; but no objection being made, the
Senator will proceed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I shall detain
the Senate but a minute. My poiht is that this
contract originated in law; that the authority
of the Secretary of the Navy to make this con-
tract was matter of law. Being matter of law,
the performance of it was matter of law, the
payment of it becomes matter of law, and the
payment must be said to be made in pursuance
of law, and any estimate which the Secretary
of the Navy makes for the payment of that
contract is an estimate in pursuance oflaw, and
therefore is not a private claim.in that sense.
That is my proposition. Of course I do not
more than state it; I will npt argue it.
Mr. THURMAN. It strikes me' that is a
very dangerous proposition of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is one we are
constantly acting upon.
Mr. THURMAN. It strikes me it is a
somewhat dangerous claim that is toads by
the Senator from Main& I think during the
war sometimes the appropriations for the
War Department amounted to a thousand
or fifteen hundred millions in a year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Over a thou-
sand millions.
Mr. THURMAN. Over a thousand millions
a year. Now, if every contract that was made
by the War Department or any of its various
bureaus, the Quartermaster General, the Com-
missary General, or the like, because they were
authorized to purchase this thing/that thing,
and the other, is to be a private claim that you
can put 011 an appropriation bill, and so of the
Navy Department, and so ot the Post Office
Department, 1 do not think your rule is worth
much ; 1 think it puts an end to the rule._
Then we come to look at the rule as it is.
It is not a question upon the merits of this
claim. It has been very much contested here.
I do not know what the merits are myself. I
have never examined the question at all. Bat
the question is under this rule:
"And no amendmen t shall bo received whose object
is to provide for a private claim, unless it is to earry
out the provisions of an existing- law- sr a treaty
stipulation."
If there is any existing law on this subject, I
do not see how you can eliminate from it this
