1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
of Dakota, whose final payment has not been
made, shall be allowed ihe additional time of
one year in which to make final [iroof and
pavrnent from the time at which such pre-
emuti iiw are required to be paid for by the
present laws.
Approved, May 9, 1872.
Chap. CXLV.—An Act for the Relief of Pur-
chasers of Lands sold for Direct Taxes in
the Insurrectionary States.
He it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives (f the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no owner, his heirs
or assigns, ot any land sold for taxes under the
provisions of the act entitled *' An act for the
collection of direct tax^s in the insurrectionary
districts withm the United States, and (brother
purposes," approved Juno seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, and of the acts amend-
atory thereof, shall be permitted to recover
the same in any action or proceeding against
the puichaser at such sale, his heirs or assigns,
without showing, in addition to other necessary
facts, that all taxes, costs, and penalties due
upon the said land at the time of the sale
have been paid by him or them, or bringing
into court and depositing with the clerk, tor
the use of the United S ates, the amount, with
interest, of the taxes and penalties due to the
United States on account of the land when
sold, together with all the costs and expenses
of the sale, which sum, in case of the recovery
ot the Und by such owner, his heirs or assigns,
shall be, paid by the clerk into the Treasury
ol liie United States.
bBC. 2. That in all cases where the owner
of any land sold for taxes as aforesaid, his
heirs or assigns, shall recover the same trom
the purchaser, his heirs or assigns, without
collusion on his or their part, by the judgment
ot any United States court, by reason of a fail-
ure, without his or their fault or neglect, of
the title of the purchaser derived from said
sale, the Secretary ot the Treasury, on the
payment into the Treasury, by the clerk, of
the money deposited with him as aforesaid,
and on being satisfied that any purchaser, his
hens or assigns, without his or their collusion,
has bem evicted from or turned out of posses-
sion ol any such laud by the judgment of any
United States couri, m the manner before
mentioned, is hereby authorized, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
pi iated, to repay to the person or persons
entitled thereto a sum of money equal to that
onginally paid by the purchaser ot the land so
recovered, if the same has been paid into the
Treasury.
Approved, May 9, 1872.
Chap. CXLVT —An Act to perpetuate Testi-
muiiy in the Couits ot the L tilted States.
Be it enacted by the Senateand Mouse ofR ep-
resenlalices oj the L ttiled states oj America in
Conyi ess assembled, lliat hereaiter ail depo
bi iuiis taken de oene esse, to be used in any
civil cause depending 111 any court lu any dis-
tnct ot the United suites, lor the causes and
beioie the otiicers mentioned in section thirty
ot the "i.cl to establish the judicial courts
of I he United Stale-,'' approved SepteniDer
Ivieniv-i'.mi Ui, seventeen hundred and eighty-
lune, siia.l be taKen upon reasonable notice,
to lie snen in willing by the party or his
attorney pioposing to lake such deposition, to
the oppus.te party or Ins attorney ot record,
widen no'ice --hall state the name Ol tile wit-
ness and the time ami place ot ttie taking ot
Ills d, position ; and ill all cases in rem. the
pel si ui having the agency of possession oi the
pi opei ly at t he time ot seizure sliali be deemed
tue advetse part)-, uunl a claim shall have been
putiii; and whenever, by reason ot theabseuco
from the district and want of an attorney of
record orother reason, the giving of the notice
herein required shall be impiacticable, it shall
be lawful to take such depositions as there
shall be urgent necessity for taking, upon such
notice as any judge authorized to hold courts
in such circuit or district shall think reason-
able and direct. But this act shall not be con-
strued to affect the power of any such court to
cause testimony to be taken under commission,
according to the course of the common law, to
be used therein.
Approved, May 9, 1872.
Chap. CXLV1T.—An Act to j-egulate Elec-
tions in Washington and Idaho Territories.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That elections m the Ter-
ritories of Washington and Idaho for Delegates
to the House of Representatives of the Forty-
Third Congress shall be held on the Tuesday
following the first Monday of November, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and seventy-two, and
thereafter biennially on the Tuesday next fol-
lowing the first Monday in November; and all
elective territorial, county, and precinct offi-
cers shall hereafter be elected at the times
herein specified, unless otherwise provided by
legislation subsequent hereto, in either of said
Territories.
Approved, May 9, 1872.
Chap. CXLVI1I.—An Act authorizing the
Appropriation for the employment of Surf-
men at alternate life-saving Stations on the
New Jersey coast, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred arid sev-
enty two, to be expended in employing
Crews at such Stations, and for such periods,
and at such Compensation, as the Secretary
of the Treasury may deem reasonable, not
to exceed forty dollars per month for each
person employed.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authoiized to expend the sum of
ten thousand and eighty dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, appropriated by
•'An act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses ot the Government for the fis-
cal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen bun-
dled and seventy two, and for other purposes,"
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
seventy one, for the "pay of six experienced
surfmen to man each of the boats at alternate
life-saving stations on the New Jersey coast,
trom December fifteenth to March fifteenth,1'
in employing crews of experienced surfmen
at such stations, and for such periods as he
may deem necessary'and proper, and at such
Compensation as he may deem reasonable, not
to exceed forty dollars per month for each
person to be employed.
Approved, May 9, 1872.
Chap. CXLIX.—An Act for the Relief of
8ettlei> ou the Odttgs Juuiids iu the Sta.te of
Kansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives oj the United States oj Ainei ica in
Co-gress assembled, 1 Hat the Osage Indian
tru.si and diminished reserve lands in the State
ot Kansas, excepting the sixteenth and ihnty-
sixtli sections in eacti township, shall be sub-
ject to disposal, tor cash only, to actual settlei s,
II: quantities not exceeding one bundled and
sixty acics, or one quarter section to eacn. m
compact lot-Hi, in accordance with the general
piinciptes ot tile pte-emptiun laws, under the
direction ot tile Commissioner ol the (general
Land Otiice: Prodded, That claimants snail
file their declaratory statements as prescribed
in other ca<es upon uuoffered lands, and shall
pay for the tracts, respectively, settled upon
within one year from date of settlement where
the plat of survey is on file at that date, and
within oneyearlrotn the filing of thetownship
plat in the district office where such plat is not
on file at date of settlement.
Sec. 2. That any actual settler upon these
lands who may have failed to pay for and enter
the land settled upon by him under the act of
July fifteenth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
shall have three months from the date of this
act in which to file his declaratory statement,
and shall be required to prove up his claim
and pay for the land before the first day of
January, eighteen hundred and seventy-three.
And in case of failure of any party to comply
with the provisions of this act, the land claimed
by him or her shall be subject to the settle-
ment and entry of any other qualified person:
Provided, That all the persons availing them-
selves of the provisions of this section shall
be required to pay, and there shall be collected
from them, at the time of making payment for
their land, interest on the total amounts paid
by them, respectively, at the rate of five per
centum per annum, from the date at which
they would have been required to make pay-
ment under the act of July filteenth, eighteen
hundred and seventy, until the date of actual
payment: Provided, ftti ther, 1 hat the twelfth
section of said actof July sixteenth [fifteenth],
eighteen hundred and seventy, is hereby so
amended that the aggregate amount of the
proceeds of sale received prior to the first day
of March of each year shall be the amount
upon which the payment of interest shall be
based.
Sec. 3. That the sale or transfer of his or
her claim upon any portion of these lands by
any settler prior to the issue of the Commis-
sioner's instructions of April twenty-sixth,
eighteen hundred and seventj-one, shall not
operate to preclude the right of entry, under
the provisions of this act, upon another tract
settled upon subsequent to such sale or trans-
fer : Provided, That satifactory proof of good
faith be furnished upon such subsequent settle-
ment: Provided further, That tbe restrictions
of the pre-emption laws relating to previous
enjoyment of the pre-emption right, to removal
from one's own land in the same State, or the
ownership of over three hundred and twenty
acres, shall not apply to any settler actually
residing on his or her claim at the date of the
passage of this act.
Approved, May 9, 1872.
Chap. CLII.—An Act to promote the devel-
opment of the Mining Resources of the
United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in,
Congress assembled, 1 hat all valuable mineral
deposits in lands belonging to the United States,
both surveyed and utisurveyed, are hereby de-
clared to be free and open to exploration and
purchase, and the lands in which they are
iound to occupation and purchase, by citizens
of the United States and those who have de-
clared their intention to become such, under
reguia'ions prescribed by law, and according
to the local customs or rules of miners, in tbe
sevetal mining districts, so far as the same are
applicable and not inconsistent with the laws
of ihe United Slates.
iSEC. 2. That mining claims upon veins or
lodes ot quaitz or other rock in .place bearirg
gold, silver, cinnabar, lead, tin, copper, or
other valuable deposits heretofore located,
shall be governed as k> length along the vein
or lode by tbe customs, regulations, and laws
in foice at the date of their location. A mitt,;_
ing claim located after the passage of this act,
