1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
tion and to its great principles. They ought to
set to work to give it vigor and power and
operation. They ought to make the President
and the Congress of the United States and
every officer observe and execute if,.
And now, Mr. President, since it has been
shown that the States of Massachusetts and
Vermont schooled and indoctrinated the peo-
ple of the southern States witli the heresy of
secession, it ill becomes the Representatives
in Congress from those States to pursue their
misguided followers with the fierceness of the
furies.
Mr. President, I will close with a word fur-
ther. I have cordially and with emphasis
thanked the promptitude and ability with
which my friend from Ohio [Mr. Thorman]
comes to the rescue of every principle of the
Constitution that a dominating majority seeks
1o overthrow, i will stand by his side while
I can stand on tny feet. I eare not who may
invade the Constitution, from whence the
attack may come, whether from the Legisla-
tures of States, or the Congress, or the Presi-
dent of the United States, as far as I have
ability it shall be given to the defense of the
Constitution and of every principle which it
contains. Sir, I was born in a land of liberty.
I have a constitutional guarantee to freedom
of thought and freedom of speech. I have
exercised these privileged rights through a
long life; and now in the evening of my days,
in the very sunset of life, I mean to go down to
the grave in the assertion and in the exercise
of these rights of freemen.
Mr. WILSON. 1 suggest that by common
consent we fix to morrow at four o'clock to
take the vote on this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts suggests that by unanimous consent
the vote on this question be taken at four
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts that at least one Senator,
who has stated two or three times thathe would
object to that arrangement, is now out of his
seat; and if such an arrangement is to be
made, it had better be when the Senate is full.
Mr. WILSON. I was not aware of the
absence of the Senator referred to. I move
now that the further consideration of the bill
be postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. Why postpone it?
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business*
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate do now proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I would
be very glad if the Senate would sit this bill
out to-night; but it seems there is no hope of
doing that at all, as the Senator having the bill
in charge himself moves to adjourn. I now
move that we proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. HILL. I hope not.
Mr. THURMAN. This motion will leave
the bill as unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, which
is not debatable.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After one hour and fifteen min-
utes spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered and taken.
The call of the roll having concluded,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg to ask the Chair
whether a quorum has voted?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) The Chair is informed
that there is no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be directed to request the attendance
of absent members.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The result
must be announced officially before thatmotion
can be entertained.
The result was announced—yeas 24, nays
11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony. Brownlow, Cald-
well, Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Edmunds,
Flanagan, Erelinghuysen, Hamilton of Texas, Har-
lan, Hitchcock, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riee.Seott, Spencer,and
Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Cragin, Hill,
Logan, Norwood, Robertson, Sawyer, Thurman,
Trumbull, and Wright—It.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Casseriy, Clayton, Cooper, Corbett, Davis
of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Perry
of Connecticut. Ferry of Michigan. Gilbert, Gold-
thwaite. Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Howe,
Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Patterson, Pool, Pratt. Sanlsbury, Schnrz, Sherman,
Sprague. Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Tipton, Vickers. West, and Windom—38.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
not a quorum present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Ser-
geant-;at-Arms be directed to request the attend-
ance of the absent Senators, and upon that
motion I wish to state 
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe I have the floor,
and I decline to yield.
Mr. SAULSBURY rose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg pardon of my
friend from Delaware if he rises to vote.
Mr. THURMAN. No ; he did vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I announced my vote,
but I did not hear my name called.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Delaware is not recorded as voting.
Mr. THURMAN. He did vote.
Mr. CONKLING. Which way did he vote?
Mr. THURMAN. He voted "nay."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I did vote "nay."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor's vote will be recorded, making the result,
yeas 24,. nays 12, lacking one of a quorum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand now, on my
motion to request the attendance of absent
Senators, that we lack one of a quorum, and
it is known to every Senator, and to the Pre-
siding Officer, that the honorable Senator
from Maryland who is not now in his seat., and
who sits, I believe, farthest from me, [Mr.
Viceers,] on the call of the roll declined to
answer his name as it was called and left tiie
Chamber after attention had been called to it,
thus breaking up a quorum of the Senate.
How far he can justify that species of conduct
to his constituents, of course it is not for me
to say." It was a right, no doubt, that the law
gave to him, after interposing a personal ob-
jection to the consideration of this question and
afterhis namehad been called and not answer-
ing it, to leave the Chamber before his name
could be called again. What the motive was,
I of course have no right to say. I only state
the fact in order that the public record shall
show the manner in which some Senators
think it fit to conduct the business of the
Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON, (having entered the
Chamber.) I wish to vote.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I submit can the Sen-
ator's vote be recorded now after what has
occurred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ No person
can vote now on the motion to adjourn over.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Can the roll be called
again ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire cannot vote on this
motion. The result has been announced by
the Chair.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on my motion that
the Sergeant-at-Armsbedirected to request the
attendance of absent members.
Mr. HILL. Before the vote is taken on that
motion, I ask that the roll be called that we
may see whether we have not a quorum now
present. That will dispense with that motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I o"bjectto that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itisin order
to call the-roll at any time to see if there is a
quorum present.
Mr. THURMAN. I have a word to say on
the motion made by the Senator from Vermont.
The Senator "from Maryland was not in his
seat, it is said, and did not -vote. I believe
that is true. When the absentees were called
he was not in his seat. Now, whether it was
reprehensible in him not to rote, or to leave
the Chamber, I say it was no more reprehen-
sible in him to leave the Chamber when he
did than it was for the thirty-six Senators in
this body who were absent to leave the Sen-
ate when they did. That is the truth about it.
They had no business to leave the Senate with
only thirty-six or thirty-seven members, a bare
quorum in it; and I do not want them to come
back here after having left the Senate in the
condition they did, to censure, expressly or
impliedly, others who left the Senate with just
as much ground and just as much excuse as
they.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who are the others t
Mr. THURMAN. Who are they? Look
at the list and see; it has been called over ;
it appears there were only thirty-six Senators
voting on the motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But it appears that one
Senator left, after his name had been called.
Mr. THURMAN. That is very true; but
I say he is no more to blame than the thirty-
six who left before there was any call at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Possibly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order to call the roll now to see if a quorum
be present. The Clerk will call the roll, as
one Senator has requested it.
The roll was called, and thirty-six Senators
answered to their names.
Mr. CRAGIN. Is it in order to move that
the Senate do now adjourn ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The result
of the call will first be announced.
The Chief Clerk. Upon a call of the
Senate, thirty-six Senators respond to their
names.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe my motion was
that the Sergeant-at-Arras be directed to re-
quest the attendance of absent Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion, pending, that the Sergeant-at-Arms be
directed to requesttheattendance of absentees.
Mr. Lewis entered the Senate Chamber.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The name
of the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Lewis] will
be entered, as this is merely a mode of ascer-
taining whether there is a quorum present.
Mr. Lewis answered to hk name as present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now
ascertained that a quorum is present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I move that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A quorum
being present, the Senator from Vermont moves
that when the Senate adjourns to day it adjoin n
to meat on Monday next.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Can that motion be
considered on the same day it is made when
an objection is made ?
The PRESIDING OFFCER. A -motion to
a'djourn over has always been considered as in
order whenever a Senator gets the floor to make
it. That is the motion regularly before the
Senate, having been pending for some time.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object to its consid-
eration. _ .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides it in order to put, the question. Ihe
