3456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
tectionist to protect the industry of Maine, of
the laboring men who labor in the forests of
Maine, equally with the industry of ray own
State. What I wish specially to call attention
to in this connection is the strange anomaly
which the delegation from Maine presents on
this Question. Some of them are for free salt
and free coal. They bring in propositions- to
let coal in duty free. They bring in proposi-
tions to let salt in free. Yet both salt and
coal represent more than ninety per cent, of
labor. And while they do this in reference to
coal and salt, they come here and ask us who are
earnest and consistent friends of protection to
stand by them to protect tlie products of their
forests, to protect the lumber dressed in the
State of Maine.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am going to support,
the proposition to legislate in favor of the
American laborer rather than the laborer of
Nova Scotia. I believe in the American
system, which is to build up American indus-
try at the expense of foreign industry. If I
thoughtwitli the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnswokth] that it was a log-rolling system,
I would say I approve it entirely. Unfortun-
ately some members seek only protection for
tlitir section, and do not act from broad, com-
prehensive principle on this question. •
This is a large country, of diversified inter-
ests, of different climates, of varied pursuits.
We have coal, we have iron, we have lumber,
and we have many other productions. In
order to protect the great industries involved
in their production and manufacture we must
protect them against foreign competition. We
are justified in doing so to stand together. Our
interests are identical, and, looking to the
prosperily of the whole country, 1 am for
maintaining them all. I regret gentlemen
from New England do not act consistently,
and stand together with us. 1 should prefer
to see them here acting upon principle, rather
than see them actuated merely by local and
sellish interest. I would not see them vote
for protecting the lumber interest because it
affects their people, and against all others;
but I would prefer to see them in favor of pro-
tecting eveiy branch of American industry. It
is only by sustaining the great principle that
undeilies this sort of legislation that we can
justify many of these duties. We are not self-
ish nor exclusive in my State in maintaining
our positions, and we think we have a right
to ask our friends from Maine to stand here-
after by the protective principle in all its
parts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWKS. I hope the debate will now
be closed.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman withdraws
the amendment, and 1 renew it.
Mr. PETERS. 1 move that the debate be
closed after the gentleman from Indiana has
been heard.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. That is right; the
gentleman from Indiana has not yet been
heard.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; then let the debate
be closed after the speech of the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from X^ennsylvania [Mr. KiI.MM.kk] has
been arguing in favor of continuing the tariff at
abigh rate upon lumber, upon the ground that it
afforded protection to American industry. It
stiikes me that if the gentleman had thought
very long upon the subject he would have come
to the conclusion that if we have a protective
tariff that will keep out the lumber sawed in
foreign countries, in a short time we will have
no lumber industry whateverm this country to
protect. If I wanted effectually to ruin the in-
dustry of manufacturing lumber 1 would put on
a pronibitory tariff. Why do I say that? The
amount of forest in this country is limited.
You may go out from this point westward, and
when you strike the Wabash river there is not
any timber worth talking about from there to
the tops of the Sierra Nevada mountains ; no
pine lumber, no hard wood. Why, sir, I live
in a State which had the finest oak, walnut,
and poplar forests in America.
We had vast amounts of heavy forests of
hard-wood lumber, and we have stripped it
almost all off. It has been burned up, de-
stroyed, sawed, and the lumber interests of
Indiana and Ohio are worth very little now.
Why is this ? It is because for years, not hav-
ing a supply from abroad, we have cleared it
ofi our farms and used our lumber sawed near
home. Our only supply from a distance came
after the construction of railroads, made to
the pineries of Michigan and Wisconsin.
Most, of the building lumber we now use in
all of the western States is procured from the
pineries of Wisconsin and Michigan. And
the price is going up and up all the time, and
those forests in a short time, like our own, will
be cleared off. I speak in the interest of
American industry and of the protection of
the laboring men of our country, and of the
poor tnen, when I say that I would throw
down the tariff on lumber and let it in from
Canada, where they have inexhaustible forests,
without any limit whatever.
I hope that if we cannot do so now, we
shall within a very few years adopt a policy
which will preserve our forests. How many
days ago was it, sir, that we had here before
us day after day, and were gravely considering
a proposition to foiee men to set out trees,
and to compcl the protection of our forests?
If the attention of the country has been called
to anything m connection with this matter
more than another lately, it has been to the
enormous destruction and waste of our for-
ests. They are swiftly melting away, and
soon we must, go abroad for lumber.
Mr. GRIFFITH. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. COBURN. Certainly.
Mr. GRIFFITH. How does the gentleman
expect, to protect American labor by bringing
in lumber from Canada?
Mr. COBURN. The labor that is expended
on the sawing of lumber is not the whole
labor connected with lumber. Tens of thou-
sands of hands in this country are employed
in the making of furniture, the building of
houses, in the erection of mills, in the making
of bridges, and in the construction of myriads
of articles out of lumber, besides those that
are employed in saw-mills. The gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Gkii-'FitIi] stands by
the men employed in the saw-mills, and I
stand by every other labeling man in the
country. The saw-mill year after year is
rapidly wiping out our noble forests and soon
we shall have none to which to resort. Both
mills and forests will disappear.
1 hope t.o see the day when we will have
lumber free, instead of any duty upon it, and
then we will have a better protection upon all
the branches of industry interested in this
matter than we ever had before. I withdraw
the amendment.
The question recurred upon Mr. Cox's
amendment, to add to Mr. Lyxcu's substitute
as amended the following:
Provided. That nil lumber used in fencing, ship-
building, or building of any kind shall be exempt
hum duty.
The question was put; and the amendment
was disagreed to—ayes '15, noes 81.
The question recurred upon Mr. Lyxch's
substitute, as amended by Mr. PjiTKHs' amend-
ment, which was as follows:
Tliat on all lumber and manufactures of lumber
the duty shall bo ninety per cent, ot the existing
duties.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
that by adding "except upon pine lumber, the
duty upon which shall be one dollar per thou-
sand feet."
The question was put; and the amendment
was disagreed to—ayes 40, noes 82.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move to add '' ex-
cept spruce lumber, which shall be admitted
free."
The amendment wasVejected.
The question recurred upon Mr. Lynch's
substitute for the original paragraph of the
bill as amended; and being put, there were—
ayes 8-1. noes 41.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; andMr. Faknsworth
and Mr. Peters were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers" re-
ported—ayes 77, noes 49.
So the substitute was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I now auk unanimous
consent to go back to the last paragraph hut
one. I move to amend it by striking out in
lines twenty-eight, twenty-nine, and thirty the
words "excepting such as may be suitable for
use as bagging for covering cotton, or for the
uses to which such bagging is applied so
that the paragraph will read:
Skc. 3. On all burlaps, and like manufactures of
flax, jute, or homp, or of which flax, jute, or hemp
shall bo the component material of chief value,
thirty per oent. <u( valorem ; on all oit-eloth founda.-
tions or iloor-cloth canvas, made of flax, jute, or
hemp, or of which flax, juto. or hemp shall he the
eompommt material of chief value, lorty per cent.
ud valorem; on all bags, cotton bags, and bagging,
n.ml all other like manufactures, not herein other-
wise provided for, and not suitable for use as bag-
ging lor covering cotton, composed wholly or in
part of tlax, houii>, jute, gunny-cloth, guriiiy-buga,
or other material, forty per cent, ad valorem.
I want, to state the fact that I was on my
feet ready to offer that amendment when the
paragraph was passed.
Mr. KEIUl. I object to going back.
Mr. DAWES. I think it but fair that the
gentleman should be permitted to go back.
Mr. PERCE. 1 appeal to gentlemen to
allow us to go back. I had an amendment
prepared to this part of the bill, but was mis-
led because the sections are not divided and
numbered in the printed bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that the gentleman from Alabama stated at
the time that he supposed he was still acting
under the order of the House by which the
Committee of tlio Whole was to consider sev-
eral paragraphs as one. Is there any objection
to goins! back?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I would like to know
what he wants?
Mr. DAWES. The Chair told the gentle-
man from Alabama that after the lumber para-
graph was through he would admit his amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. No, the Chair informed
the gentleman irom Alabama that he would
give him the opportunity to ask what he has
now asked, unanimous consent to offer his
amendment.
Mr. BECK. I object.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Is not the gentleman sat-
isfied that thirty or forty per cent, is on his
bagging?
Mr. HECK. T am satisfied that it is not six.
Mr. BUCKLEY. It is sixty-one and a
fourth per cent, ud valorem.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the committee
rise, that, the Unu.se may direct the committee
t.o go back to this section.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to rise is
not debatable. The Chair would inform the
gentleman that most likely the Speaker will
rule that such a motion cannot be enteria. n-d
in the House. That is a mere guess on the
part of the chairman of the Committee of the
Whole. He does not know what the Speaker
would decide.
Mr. PERCE. Then I will allow the Speaker
to make that ruling, and I insist on my
motion.
The question was put; and theiewere—ayes
20, noes 93.
So the committee refused to rise.
The Clerk read as follows :
Ou insulators mado of carthenwaic, or other
materials, except glass, for use exclusively in tele-
graphy, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. KI5LLEY. 1 ipove to amend that
