2560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Dr. Erasmus D. Safford, praying for certain
pay and allowances alleged to be improperly
•withheld as surgeon ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of citi-
zens of Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying
that the duties on earthenware and stoneware
may not be reduced, aud that specific duties
on those articles may be levied; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of the
board of directors of the Fort Smith, Jenny
Lind, and Salem railroad, asking the right to
construct a railroad bridge and breakwater
across the Arkansas river, at Fort Smith,
Arkansas; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the city
council of Fort Smith, Arkansas, asking that
the Fort Smith, Jenny Lind, and Salem Rail-
road Company be authorized to construct a
bridge and breakwater across the Arkansas
river at Fort Smith, Arkansas ; which was
referred to the Committee 011 Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented a petition of
citizens of Delaware, praying, for an appropri-
ation to restore the navigation of the Hoernkill
or Lewes creek; wliich was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
PAPEItS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BUCKINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That John E. Wheeler have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from tho files of
the Senate.
RKPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 670) for the relief of Betvj amin W. Rey-
nolds, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. W1ND0M, from the Committee on
Appropriations, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 1070) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending June 30, 1873, reported it with
amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire to give any notice in regard to that bill?
Mr. WINDOM. Simply that we shall ask
to have it taken up as soon as possible after
the completion of some of the other appropri-
ation bills.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Edward
Hedley, praying compensation for a mill
burned by United States troops near Rich-
mond in 1805, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, aud moved that the peti-
tioner have leave to withdraw his papers from
the files of the Senate : which was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 981) granting the right, of way
through the public lands to the Denver and
Rio Grande Railroad Company, reported it
without, amendment.
Air. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 80!)) for the relief of John H. Hutch-
inson and Thomas II. Hutchinson, of De Witt,
Arkansas county, Arkansas, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 815) to quiet
the titles to eeitain lands in tho State of Mis-
souri, reported it without amendment.
MAJOR SA.MUlif, ROSS.
Mr. CAMERON. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S
No. 807) authorizing the Secretary of War to
correct an Army officer's record, have dii ected
me to report it back without amendment: and
I should like the Senate to take it up and act
upon it now. It is a mere matter of form.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. The preamble recites that in
December, 1870, Major Samuel Ross, United
States Army, unassigned, was examined by a
retiring board at San Francisco, California,
and found disabled for active duty on account
of wounds received in battle ; that no official
action having been taken to retire him from
active service on the proceedings of the retir-
ing board, and he being a supernumerary offi-
cer was honorably mustered out of service as
such on or about January 2, 1871; that on or
about March 2, 1872, he was reappointed an
officer of the United States Army, as second
lieutenant, with a view of being retired from
active service on account of his disability.
The bill, therefore, authorizes the Secretary
of War to place the name of Samuel Ross on
the list of officers retired from active service,
according to the proceedings and report of the
retiring board, to take effect for rank and pay
from the 1st of January, 1871, and to correct
the Army records and Register so that his name
will appear as continuously in service; but
any and all moneys as pay or emoluments re-
ceived by him on account of being declared
mustered out, are to be deducted from his pay
as such retired officer, accruing from, on, and
after the 1st of January, 1871.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
NEW LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands have had under consideration a
communication from the Department of the
Interior in relation to land districts, and have
instructed me to report a bill.
The bill (S. No. 998) relating to the creation
of new land districts, was read and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. 1 think it very import-
ant that that bill should be passed at once.
It simply provides that where new land dis-
tricts have been created, entries can go on in
the old district until the machinery of the new
district is put in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there can be no
objection to the bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Cominitteeof
the Whole. It provides that whenever any laud
district shall be created by act of Congress,
where the land embraced therein, or any part
thereof, at the time of such enactment shall be
taken from an existing land district, the sales
of such lands may, unless otherwise specially
provided for bylaw, be continued as the district
office of the former district until the receipt by
the officers of such district of the formal order
of _the Commissioner of the General Land
Office for the suspension of said sales prelim-
inary to the transfer of the books and archives
pertaining to the new dsitrict; and all sales
or disposals of pablic lands heretore regularlv
made at any land office where those lands
have been made part of another district b,y
any act of Congress are confirmed if the same
are free from conflict with prior valid rights.
Mr. POMEROY. The object simply is to
keep the old office going until the new office is
established.
The bill was reported to tho Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH SBGAR.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, I appeal
to the Senate to take up the bill for'the relief
of Joseph Segar, of Virginia.
Mr. COLE, I hope not; that will create a
good deal of discussion.
Air. LORE MAN. I think not. It was laid
over the other day in consequence of ray
unavoidable absence.
Mr. COLE. I hope Senators will let me
get through with the deficiency appropriation
bill this morning. It is a matter that it is cer-
tainly of a great deal of importance to finish
up. The courts in the country are stopped in
consequence of having no means of carrying
them on. Senators are as well satisfied of this
fact,, I suppose, as I am. I hope they will let
me get through with the bill this morning.
The YICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
objects to proceeding with the consideration
of the bill named by the Senator from West
Virginia, it cannot be taken up.
Air. COLE. I must object to that claim.
I am opposed to it any way.
Mr. BOREMAN. I suppose it will have to
go over then. It seems bills are passed every
day. This gentleman suffered detriment in
consequence of my absence, and I feel it a duty
to press his claim until he can get a hearing.
Mr. COLE. I do not wish to militate against
the Senator from West Virginia by any means ;
but the Committee on Claims had a day and
transacted their business not long since.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia was absent on that day.
Mr. BOREMAN. The Globe shows that
there was a discussion on this bill on that day,
and it was laid over in consequence of my
absence. I can remove all the difficulties
which were suggested at that time, I feel
assured.
Mr. COLE. I will endeavor to facilitate
the Senator having a hearing at some other
time; but I must insist on getting through
with the deficiency appropriation bill to-day
if possible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia yields.
Air. BOREMAN. I yield to compulsion.
[Laughter.]
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Air. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 999) to authorize inquiries into the causes
of steam-boiler explosions; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COOPER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1000) for the relief of Robertson Topp and
William L. Vance; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Air. CORBEPT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1001) to relieve Earl C. Bronough fiom
the legal and political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities, and
ordered to he printed.
Air. OSBO-RN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1002) granting the right of way through
the public lands to the Pensacola and Louis-
ville Railroad Company of Alabama; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Air. WRIGHT. Some days since there was
an adverse report made from the Committee
on Pensions upon the bill (H. R. No. 855)
granting a pension to John S. Corlett. The
report was made during my absence, and the
chairman of the committee finally consented
that it should be reconsidered. I should be
very glad to have that case taken up and dis-
posed of this morning. There is no objection
on the part of the committee. I merely want
to present the case to the Senate in perhaps
three or five minutes.
n PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California obtained unanimous consent after
the morning business to call up the deficiency
appropriation bill. The Senator from Iowa
now desires to call up a case reported adversely
irom the Committee on Pensions and to speak
about three minutes upon it.
