1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laivs of the United States.
42d Gong....2d Sess.
repeal shall not affect existing rights. Appli-
cations for patents-for mining claims now
pending may be prosecuted to a final decision
in the Genferal Land Office; but in such eases
where adverse rights are not affected thereby,
patents may issue in pursuance of the pro-
visions of this act; and all patents for mining
claims heretofore issued under the act of July
twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
shall convey all the rights and privileges con-
ferred by this act where no adverse rights
exist, at the time of the passage of this act.
Sec. 10. That the act entitled "An act to
amend an act granting the right of way to
ditch and canal owners over the public lands,
and lor other purposes," approved July ninth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, shall be and
remain in full foree, except as to the proceed-
ings to obtain a patent, which shall be similar
to the proceedings prescribed by sections six
and seven of this act for obtaining patents to
vein or lode claims; but where said placer
claims shall be upon surveyed lands, and
conform to legal subdivisions, no further
survey or plat shall be required, and all placer
mining claims hereafter located shall conform
as near as practicable with the United States
system of public land surveys and the rectan-
gular subdivisions of such surveys, and no such
location shall include more than twenty acres
for each individual claimant, but where placer
claims cannot be conformed to legal subdi-
visions, survey and plat shall be made as on
unsurveyed lands: Provided, That proceed-
ings now pending may be prosecuted to their
fii.al determination under existing laws; but
the provisions of this act, when not in conflict
with existing laws, shall apply to such eases:
And provided also, That where by the segre-
gation of mineral land in any legal subdivision
a quantity of agricultural land less than forty
acres remains, said fractidnal portion of agri-
cultural land may be entered l)y any party
qualified by law, for homestead or pre-emp-
tion purposes.
Skc. 11. That where the same person, asso-
ciation, or corporation is in possession of a
placer claim, and also a vein or lode included
within the boundaries thereof, application shall
be made for a patent for the placer claim, with
the statement that it-includes such vein or
lode, and in such case (subject to the pro-
visions of this act and the act entitled " An
act to amend an act granting the right of way
to ditch and canal owners over the public
lands, and for other purposes," approved July
ninth, eighteen hundred and seventy) a patent
shall issue for the placer claim, including such
vein or lode, upon the payment of five dollars
per acre for such vein or lode claim, and
twenty five feet of surface on each side there-
of. The remainder of the placer claim, orauy
placer claim not embracing any vein or lode
claim, shall be paid for at the late of two dol-
lars and fifty cents per acre, together with all
costs of proceedings; and where a vein or
lode, such as is described in the second sec-
tion of this act, is known to exist within the
boundaries of a placer claim, an application
for a patent for such placer claim which does
not, include an application for the vein or lode
claim shall be construed as a conclusive dec-
laration that the claimant of the placer claim
has no right of possession of the vein or lode
claim ; but where the existence of a vein or
lode in a placer claim is not known, a patent
for the placer claim shall convey all valuable
mineral and other deposits within the bound-
aries thereof.
Sec. 12. That the surveyor general of the
I nited Slates may appoint in each land district
Containing mineral lands as many competent
surveyors as shall apply for appointment to
sitr\ey mining claims, I'lie expenses of the
survey of vein or lode claims, and the survey
and subdivision of placer claims into smaller
quantities than one hundred and sixty acres,
together with the cost of publication of notices,
shall be paid by the applicants, and they shall
be at liberty to obtain the same at the most
reasonable rates, and they shall also be at lib-
erty to employ any United States deputy sur-
veyor to make the survey. The Commissioner of
the General Land Office shall also have power
to establish the maximum charges for surveys
and publication of notices under this act; and,
in case of excessive charges for publication, he
may designate any newspaper published in a
land district where mines are situated for the
publication of mining notices in such district,
and fix the rates to be charged by such paper;
and, to the end that the Commissioner maybe
fully informed on the subject, each applicant
shall file with the register a sworn statement
of all charges and feespaid by said applicant for
publication and surveys, together with all fees
and money paid the register and the receiver
of the land office, which statement shall be
transmitted, with the other papers in the case,
to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. The fees of the register and the receiver
shall be five dollars each for filing and acting
upon each application for patent or adverse
claim filed, and they shall be allowed the
amount fixed by law for reducing testimony to
writing, when done in the land office, such fees
and allowances to be paid by the respective
parties; and no other fees shall be charged by
them in such cases. Nothing in this act shall
be construed to enlarge or affect the rights of
either party in regard to any property in con-
troversy at the time of the passage of this act,
or of the act entitled "An act granting the
right of way to ditch and canal owners over
the public lands, and for other purposes,"
approved July twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, nor shall this act affect any right
acquired under said act; and nothing in this
act shall be construed to repeal, impair, or in
any way affect the provisions of the act entitled
"An act granting to A. Sutro the rightof way,
and other privileges to aid in the construction
of adrainingand exploring tunnel to theCom-
stock lode, in the State of Nevada," approved
July twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six.
Sec. 13. That all affidavits required to be
made under this act, or the act of which it is
amendatory, maybe verified before any officer
authorized to administer oaths within the land
district where the claims may be situated, and
all testimony and proofs may be taken before
-any such officer, and, when duly certified by
the officer talcing the same, shall have the same
force and effect as if taken before the register
and receiver of the land office. In cases of
contest, as to the mineral or agricultural charac-
ter of land, the testimony and proofs may
be taken as herein provided on personal notice
of at least ten days to the opposing party : or it
said party cannot be found, then by publica-
tion of at least once a week for thirty days in
a newspaper, to be designated by the register
of the laud office as published nearest to the
location of such land; and the register shall
require proof that such notice has been given.
Sec. 14. That where two or more veins
intersect or cross each other, priority of title
shall govern, and such prior location shall be
entitled to all ore or mineral contained within
the space of intersection : Provided, however,
That the subsequent location shall have the
right of way through said space of intersection
for the purposes of the convenient working of
the said mine: And provided also, ihat where
two or more veins unite, the oldest or prior
location shall take the vein below the point of
union, including all the space ot intersection.
Sec. 15. That where non-mineral land not
contiguous to the vein or lode is used or occu-
pied by the proprietor of such vein or lode for
mining or miliingpurposes, such non-adjacent
surface ground maybe embraced and included
in an application for a patent for such vein or
lode, and the same maybe patented therewith,
subject to the same preliminary requirements
as to survey and notice as are applicable under
this act to veins or lodes: Provided, That no
location hereafter made of such non-adjacent
land shall exceed five acres, and payment for
the same must be made at the same rate as
fixed by this act for the superficies of the lode.
The owner of a quartz-mill or reduction-works,
not owning a mine in connection therewith,
may also receive a patent for his mill-site, as
provided in this section.
Sec. 16. That all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed:
Provided, That nothing contained in this act
shall be construed to impair, in any way,
rights or interests in mining property acquired
under existing laws.
Approved, May 10, 1872.
Chap. CLIII.—An Act authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to correct an Army Officer's
Record.
Whereas in December, eighteen hundred
and seventy, Major Samuel Ross, United States
Army, unassigned, was examined by a retiring
board at San Francisco, California, and found
disabled for acti/e duty on account of wounds
received in battle; and whereas no official
action having been taken to retire from aptive
service the said Ross on the proceedings of
said retiring board, and the said Ross being a
supernumerary officer was honorably mustered
out of service as such on or about January
second, eighteen hundred and seventy-one ;
and whereas on or about March second,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, the said
Ross was re-appointed an officer of the United
States Army, as second lieutenant, with a view
of being retired from active service on account
of said disability: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in.
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized to place the name of
said Samuel Ross on the list of officers retired
from active service, according to the proceed-
ings and report of said retiring board, to take
effect for rank tfnd pay from the first day of
January, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
and to correct the Army records and register
so that the name of said Ross will appear as
continuously in servicer Provided, That any
and all moneys as pay or emoluments received
by said Ross, on account, of being declared
mustered out as aforesaid, shall be deducted
from his pay as such retired officer, accruing
from, on, and after the said first day of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
Approved, May 10, 1872.
Chap. CLVI.—An Act to authorize the Com-
missioners of Claims to appoint Special
Commissioners to take Testimony, and for
other purposes.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the commissioners
of claims shall have authority to appoint
special commissioners to take testimony, to be
used in cases pending before them, who shall
have authority to administer oaths and affirma-
tions, and to take the depositions of witnesses :
Provided, The claimants shall pay the fees of
such special commissioners for taking the
depositions of witnesses called by them ; but
such lees shall in no case exceed ten cents per
folio if the claim is less than one thousand
dollars.
Skc. 2. That any person who shall know-
ingly and wilfully swear falsely before the said
commissioners of claims, or either of them,
