1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
769
ing act, which has been referred to, and which
I again refer to :
"That all associations under this act, when desig-
nated tor that purposo by the Secretary of the
Treasury, shall be depositories of public money,
exeopt receipts from customs, under such regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury "—
Now comes that portion of the section to
which I wish particularly to call the attention
of the House—
" and they may also be employed as financial agents
of tho Government."
The argument here has proceeded on the
hypothesis that these national banks were to
be used only as depositories of public money.
But the statute goes further and provides that
"they shall perform," not that they may per-
form, but—
"They shall perform all such reasonable duties as
depositories of public money and financial agents
of the Government us may borequired of them; and
the Secretary of the Treasury shall require of the
associations thus designated satisfactory security,
by tho deposit of United States bonds and otherwise,
lor the safe-keeping and prompt payment of the
public money deposited with them, and for the
faithful performance of their duties as financial
agents of the Government."
The Secretary of the Treasury in his state-
ment has repeatedly told us that the national
banks were the financial agents, and the only
financial agents, excepting his subordinate offi-
cials, that he did so employ. He says, " It
was also agreed that the subscriptions should
all be made through national banks." I shall
not follow what has been said about the so-
called syndicate, which has nothing to do with
the question now before us, one way or the
other, unless, possibly, as a mere catch-word
to amuse the House and to adorn the speeches
of gentlemen. All the agents that have been
employed, in addition to the officers of the
Treasury, are the national banks. Then upon
what terms has the Secretary of the Treas-
ury employed them ? He tells us they may be
made, the law says, "depositories of public
money under such regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury."
'■Prescribed" is the word, from "prcescribo,"
to write out beforehand. Now, what were
those regulations that he "prescribed?" Let
me read :
"By a printed circular issued on the 10th of
August, isri, it was announced that national
banks"—
Any national bank, all national banks—
"making or obtaining subscriptions, payable in
coin, would be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury as depositories of public money, on the
usual condition of placing in the hands oj' the
Treasurer of the United States bonds of the United
fc-tates for the security of such deposits; and that at
tbe commencement of each month notice would be
given of the redemption of an amount of bonds
equal to the amount of subscriptions in coin for
the preceding month, interest to cease in ninety
days from the date of such notice.
" It was also stated in tho circular that as the
bonds called should mature the deposits would
be drawn from the several banks proportionately."
Those were the "regulations," the terms,
the conditions "prescribed" by the Secretary
of the Treasury to the national banks, and the
inducement that was held out and the authority
that was given them to exeicise the office of
financial agents in negotiating the loan. I
confess, sir, that I fail to see (though I have
listened to the crilicisms of my associates on
the committee in the committee-room and on
the floor of the House, I fail to see) that in
anything that has been done by the Secre-
tary there has been the slightest deviation or
departure from the law.
The banks were thus made financial agents.
Whenever they either made a subseuption
themselves, or procured a subscription from
anybody else, they were to certify the amount
of it to the Treasury; they were to deposit an
equal amount of securities, and thereby they
became at once public depositories to the ex- !
tent of the subscriptions, and financial agents
under the law. Any bank might do this. The
chance was held out to the whole seventeen or
eighteen hundred banks in the country to do it
if they would.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No, 49.
What was the result? Among the various
banks in this country there were some fifty
millions thus subscribed in addition to the
sixty-five millions subscribed prior to the 1st
of August, and the residue was subscribed by
the body of men of whom Jay Cooke & Co.,
the bankers, were the representatives. Notice
was given that the old bonds from time to time
would be redeemed; and as they have been
presented they have been redeemed. Interest
was stopped in accordance with law.
Now, as to the outstanding bonds that had
matured, we might haye provided, I admit, if
we had so chosen, that the Secretary of the
Treasury should stop the interest at any mo-
ment when he saw fit to do it. He might have
been authorized to publish his notice, " I will
pay these bonds to-day, and after to-day inter-
est upon them shall cease." We might have
made such a provision with reference to any
portion or all of the bonds that had been issued
more than five years, because we had reserved
that privilege ia the original statute under
which they were issued. But would that have
been good faith to the holders? Congress,
when it passed the law of July 14, 1870,
thought not. It was thought that three months'
time, in which to turn the bonds in, was as
little as good faith to the holders would allow
us to give.
It so happened that the first loan, the loan
of 1862, was taken largely and mainly by the
people of Germany through their bankers;
and the non-elastic German mind was some-
time in coming to the conclusion that the
bonds of another issue and a subsequent date
were qnite as good as those first bonds in
which they had invested and upon which they
had drawn their interest with such regularity.
The consequence was that until the passage
of the act of 1870 these bonds of 1862 ruled
somewhere from one and a half to two per
cent, higher in the markets of the world than
did the bonds of subsequent issues. These
bonds, as I have said, we re abroad, and they
were held with the peculiar regard which I
have indicated. Therefore Congress thought,
and in my opinion wisely, that at least three
months' notice should be given to these par-
ties, so that they might bring the bonds for
redemption before interest on them should
cease.
What was to be done ia the intermediate
time; the time between the negotiation of the
new bonds and tbe period when the old bonds
were to be called in? What should the Secre-
tary do in those three months? Should he
take the money for which he sold the new
bonds and put it into the Treasury, lock it up
there and kept it withdrawn from the com-
merce and trade of the country, or leave it
with the public depositories where it would still
pass through the channels of commerce and
trade and not disturb values or derange the
business .of the world ? Why, sir, we recollect
that scarcely two years ago we were on the
eve of a financial panic, becauseby a " corner"
upon greenbacks in the city of New York,
somewhere between ten and fifteen millions
had been withdrawn from the current of busi-
ness and locked up in the banks. The Sec-
retary thought proper to leave this money
during those three months with the national
depositories, secured by United States bonds,
so that there could be no ultimate loss to the
Government, even if the banks proved un-
faithful to their trust and failed to make good
the deposit. This, I say, he had a right to
do under the law which I have just read, pro-
viding that the national banks should be made
depositories of the public money under such
regulations as the Secretary chose to prescribe.
But gentlemen say, "If the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe that money shall lay
in a public depository for ninety days, he may
prescribe that it shall remain there nine years
or ninety years." Why, sir, when that case
arises, we will inquire whether he has abused
the power intrusted to him, whether he has
been guilty of maladministration or not. The
fact that a power may be abused is no argu-
ment anywhere at any time against the exist-
ence of the power or against its rightful, lust,
and fair exercise.
But we are told—and that after all is the
great point that has been presented, the point
at which more than anywhere else it is in-
tended to make headway against the Secre-
tary—we are told that the bankers thus made
public depositaries have made a large sum of
money ; that it has been a grand financial
operation. So far as I am personally con-
cerned, I should be very glad to believe that
they have. It would gratify me to know they
had been able to place this loan on the market
of the world at an advance of even five per
cent, premium. The effect would be great in
elevating our credit, and it would help us
amazingly in placing the remainder of the
loan. But it will be, I apprehend, a long
time before any intelligent man will be made
to believe anything of the sort.
This argument has proceeded on the assump-
tion, rather implied than expressed, that these
bankers have somehow been drawing the two
interests, or, at least, one of them. Such is
not tbe fact. The bankers were the agents of
the Governmentin negotiating the loan to such
parties as were willing to take it. The interest
of th.e new five per cents went to those who
subscribed for the new bonds, and the interest
of the old six per cents went to those who held
tbe bonds, and presented them for payment.
No part of the interest went into the hands of
the bankers who acted as agents. The only
advantage they did derive, or could derive,
was that the money which was received by
them for the bonds they negotiated was in
their hands for a period of ninety davs in
its transmission from the money capitals of
Europe, where it was principally received, to
tbe Treasury at Washington.
We have had figures presented here, an
array of them, counting interest ia large sums.
I need not say they are wholly unjustified by
any facts for a basis. This money, be it un-
derstood, was received for the negotiated
bonds ; was received in Europe where money
is never. I may say exceptin exceptional cases,
worth more than four per cent., and rarely
worth more than three per cent.; so if the
banks had the money for use during the whole
three months, it would net yield more than
from three fourths to one per cent.
Then let it be borne in mind that the money
was to be remitted, transferred, by some pro-
cess during tbe ninety days to the Treasury in
Washington, or to some of the sub-Treasuries,
to meet the bonds then falling due.
In this connection there has been some criti-
cism, especially in the newspapers, upon the
clerks of the Treasuiy Deportment who have
been sent abroad, and, as has been intimated,
have indulged in a great deal of private enjoy-
ment at the public expense. I need not com-
mend it as a piece of practical wisdom in the
Secretary of the Treasury that he sent abroad
his trusty and confidential clerks to transact
this business. Had this been done at the ex-
pense of the Government nothing short of
hypercriticisin would have complained. Bat
the fact is they went abroad at the expense of
these bankers, who are commented on with
such severity, and were kept there at their
expense, and at their expense were returned
to their desks. Whatever advantage or per-
sonal enjoyment it may be supposed _ these
clerks enjoyed by reason of their mission, it
was enjoyed at the expense of these envied
and much-censured bankers.
From what I have said, it will be clearly
seen that the bonds must have _ been nego-
tiated within one per ceut of their par value,
coin in hand, or else the operation would be a
losing one. This can be demonstrated beyond
all cavil or doubt. So far as the Government
was concerned, the law fixed that. The_ Sec-
retary could not x-eceive less than their par
