3458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
after the word "telegraphy" the words " ex-
cept those made of glass."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On freestone, sandstone, granite, and all building
or monumental stone, except marble, seventy-five
cents per ton,
Mr. UPSON. I move to strike that out.
Under the existing tariff the duty on those
articles is $1 50 per ton. The dufc-y is a mod-
erate one, being not more than twenty per
cent, ad valorem. It was imposed by the
act of 1870, and has been in existence only
two years. It is proposed to reduce it one
half; and I see no good reason why this
discrimination should be made against this
interest of Ohio, Virginia, and other States.
Mr. KELLOGG-. If the committee will
listen to me for a moment they will be satis-
fied this paragraph ought to be stricken out.
In the first place it excepts marble from the
reduction. The duty on other stone now is
only seventeen per cent, on freestone and
twenty on granite, while on marble it is more
than three times as much. Marble should be
reduced with it, if any reduction is made, for
that is now subject to a duty of over seventy
per cent.
Two years ago the parties interested in this
business went before the Committee of Ways
and Means and asked for a duty of three dol-
lars a ton. The committee unanimously gave
them two dollars. In the committee of con-
ference afterward it was made $1 50, which
is but seventeen per cent, ad valorem. Tnis
paragraph proposes to cut that down one
naif, leaving it with a duty less than nine per
cent. That will allow an unjust competition
between the industry engaged in this works
across the line in Nova Scotia and New Bruns-
wick with our own. Their wages are from
seventy five cents to one dollar and ten cents
a day, while here they are from two to three
dollars for dressing stone. Besides, they can
get transportation to New York cheaper than
we can get it down the Connecticut river.
The duty now stands at seventeen per cent.,
and I trust the committee will strike out this
paragraph.
It singles out an interest, now subject to a
very low duty, and proposes to strike it down
by taking off one half of that duty. The
wages of our own workmen must come down
to a level with the workmen in Nova Scotia if
the free-trade advocates on this floor destroy
the little protection they have now. They
may thank the majority of the Democratic
members here if this protection is taken away
from them. The cat in the weal-tub is this:
that a company in New York city own quar-
ries in Nova Scotia or New Brunswick, where
they can get cheap labor, and they seek to
take off this duty, and bring our own labor
down to the same rate of wages.
One of the leading and best-informed men
in my district writes me as follows upon this
subject:
"This reduction of duty will most effectually crip-
ple our business. Xhe New Brunswick and Nova
Scotiaquarries are close to our doors, and the cost
of freighting stone from their quarries to our
Atlantic ports is but a little more than the cost of
freigh'ing our products to the same ports. They pay
for laboi- in quairying, from seventy cents to one
dollar and ten cents per day; we pay from two dol-
lars to three dollars per day for the same labor.
They pay six dollars per ton for hay; we pay from
thirty to thirty-five dollars per ton ; (we use fifteen
hundred tons of hay annually ;) they pay no duties
on their iron and steel; we use $10,OM) worth an-
nually, and, of course, pay duties. The taxes on
the Portland quarries last year were over thirty
thousand dollars; the taxes on the quarries in the
British provinces are a mere trifle."
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 55, noes 48; no quorum voting.
Mr. BROOKS. Is the subject open for debate?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair appoints Mr.
Brooks and Mr. Upson tellers.
Mr. BROOKS. I am opposed to striking it
out. I rise to debate the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is di-
viding.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "freestone."
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is divid-
ing, and debate is not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not desire to act as a
teller until I know more of the position of the
question.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair appoints the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] as teller
in place of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.]
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 61, noes 71.
So the motion to strike out the paragraph
was not agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer the following
amendment to the pending paragraph :
-Strike out all after the word " stone," in line fifty,
and insert" ninety per cent, of the existing duties;"
so that it.will read :
On freestone, sandstone, granite, and all building
or monumental stone, ninoty per cent, of the exist-
ing duties.
I simply offer the amendment, and will not
detain the committee with any further remarks
on the subject.
Mr. BliOOKS. I desire to say just one
word. I hope the gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Kbllogq] will be content with this duty
of seventy-kve cents per ton as a protection to
this interest in his district. We have not
touched his cutlery. He is all right upon thai.
And we who live in New York, Philadelphia,
and Albany, and the country surrounding
those and other large cities, want the privilege
of building our houses for the rich and for the
poor with materials made as free as possible.
I put it to the gentleman that I will not seek
to interfere with his cutlery, if he will let my
poor people have stone not heavily taxed. I
ask the committee not to lay a high tariff on
stone. I think that it ought to be made free.
Mr. KELL,OGG. I will reply to the gen-
tleman from New York iti one word. If I
supposed it would do the gentleman from New
York or any of his neighbors one dollar's
worth of good, without injury to others, I
would cheerfully concede what he asks. But
this paragraph is simply so much in favor of
the cheap labor of Nova Scotia, and it will
not make the stone one cent cheaper, but will
enable them to break our business down,
and then raise prices. There is now a duty
of seventeen per cent., not more than one half
what it should be. And there has been a
strike during last winter, as some gentlemen
here know, in my district, because the em-
ployeis were not able to pay the men the
necessary wages they were entitled to, in their
judgment, consistent with the profits of the
business. It is no sufficient protection now,
and it would afford no benefit to New York
or any other city to cut down this duty ; for
when you destroy this business at home, the
Nova Scotia companies will have no compe-
tition, and will put up their prices.
Mr. BROOKS. If cutting down the duty
will not make the article any cheaper it would
not hurt my friend; and why, then, does he
resist it*
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to this system of
New York free trade that practically takes the
interests of Nova Scotia under its wing. I do
not understand, sir, why this discrimination
should be made, why the marble palaces of
New York should be protected, or why the
capitalists of New York interested in New
Brunswick and Nova Scotia quarries should be
protected. I would like to see the principle
of free trade applied equally or the principle of 1
protection applied equally. And with that view
i shall vote against this discrimination in favor
of Nova Scotia, because I am for equal protec-
tion upon coal, stone, and everything else.
Mr. KILLINGER. That is good Greeley
doctrine.
The question being taken on Mr. Kellogg's
amendment, there were—ayes 50, noes 81.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On coal-tar reduced, or asphalt. Bitch, bitumen, or
cement, manufactured froincoal-taroritsresiduum,
one fourth of a oont per pound.
Mr. BANKS. I offer the following amend-
ment to this paragraph:
Strike out the words " one quarter of a cent per
Pound' and insert in lieu thereof" ninety per cent,
of the existing duty."
« Mr. Chairman, the present duty on this
article is twenty per cent., amounting to about
seventy-five cents a ton. The duty proposed
by the committee is $5 50 a ton, a reij great
increase. The articles in this paragraph are
not a manufacture. They are strictly speaking
the result of manufacture. The reduction of
coal for the purpose of making gas, leaves
coal tar, and the distillation of coal tar for the
purpose of getting certain oils, leaves the sub-
stances enumerated here. These substances,
then, strictly speaking, are not a manufacture
but a residuum, a raw material. Por several
years no use was made of it. But of late years
it has been applied to many uses which are of
almost universal advantage. It is used in my
own neighborhood in the manufacture of roof-
ing. It is used also for roads and walks. In
most of the cities and prosperous towns of
New England a bounty is offered to citizens
who will use asphalt., bitumen, &c., in making
sidawalks or roads, the cities and towns con-
tributing as much for the improvement of their
localities in this way as the individuals who
avail themselves of the bounty.
Now, sir, there is enough coal-tar mad
by the gas compauiesof this country to satisfy
all the demands, and, sir, there never has been
any importation of the article at all until very
lately, when it appears a combination lias
been made for the control of the coal-tar pro-
duced in this country by which the price has
been advanced something like one hundred
per cent,., and that has afforded an oppoitunity
to bring in one or two cargoes of this material
from abroad. It costs abroad from $3 25 to
S3 75 a ton, and the freight and other charges
make the entire cost $5 59, so that the ex-
penses of the importation make a protection
of from one dollar and seventy cents to two
dollars, wiih twenty per cent. duly. Now, if
you increase the duties, as proposed here, to
$5 GO, you will make importation impossible,
and it gives to a few individuals in this country
a power to control the price of the article. Of
course the committee cannot undertake to force
in such a manner and for such a purpose such
an increase of dut.y, and I hope there will be
general consent either that the old duty shall be
retained, or that this article shall be included
in the reduction ot' ten per cent,, proposed by
the commiitee. I move to strike out, "'one
fourth of one cent per pound " oil the articles
mentioned in this paragraph, and insert in
lieu thereof " ninety per cent, of the present
duties."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What is the
pre^nt duty ?
Mr. BANKS. Twenty per cent.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, the distilla-
tion of coal-tar is a comparalively new and
important branch of industry in this cotimiry,
israpidly developing, and has sprung up almost
wholly since the last general revision of the
tariff. Ten years ago three fouiths ot the pro-
duction of the gas-works of the country were
suffered to run to waste. To-day, fully three
fourths of the coal-tar are consumed, cnploy-
iug over one million dollars of capital and the
labor of some thousands of workmen It lias to
compete with the cheap labor of Europe, as
the average of wages paid in England is five
dollars per week; average paid in this country,
fifteen dollars. The cost of raw material lu
England is at least fifty per cent, less than in
the United States. A large amount of coal is
used in its manufacture, and costs much more
here than in Europe. I am informed Jjy one
who has manufactured largely, that its pro-
ducts enter into the building, painting, glass-
