770
THE OOJSTGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
value in coin, or an equal amount of six per
cent bonds, par for par, of the issue known as
five-twenties.
Something has been said about other secur-
ities held abroad, securities of railroads and
securities of State governments. I ask gen-
tlemen, and I ask them with the utmost con-
fidence, to point to any five per cent, loan on
the face of the globe of railroad or State gov-
ernment that during the last year, or during
the last two years, has been sold anywhere at
par for coin. I speak not of those negotiations
that have been made for mere speculation, nor
of bonds sold payable in railroad iron at an
advance of from fifteen to thirty-three and
a half per cent, on its cash value. But
where securities have been sold for com paid
in hand I defy gentlemen to point to a single
instance in which a five per cent, bond has
been sold as these were sold for par in coin
in any of the markets of Europe or of this
country.
Now what follows? This: that the Govern-
ment is a gainer by this operation at the rate
of $'2,000,000 a year; that the commerce of
the country has not been deranged by gather-
ing in millions of coin and holding it, waiting
for bonds to be presented for payment. The
business of the country has gone on without
disturbance or derangement. The Govern-
ment in making the negotiation has paid out
only half of one per cent., a financial measure
that I venture to say can not bo surpassed, can-
not bp paralleled, in any of the financial oper-
ations of this Government since it was a Gov-
ernment. The Secretary may well appeal to
the severest and most critical judgment of his
fellow-mon, for not, only the fidelity to law,
but for the exceeding skill with which this
negotiation has been conducted, and the results
which have followed.
lint, Mr. Speaker, I fear 1 am making too
serious a matter of this subject. 1 felt on
yesterday, in listening to the argument of the
gentleman who introduced the original resolu-
tion, that we had been led oil'into a very grave
inquiry rather for his amusement, and to grat-
ify his appetite for merriment, than for any
good that was to result, or that has resulted
to the country or to his own party. 1 recollect
a well-known character in our southern liter-
ature, Eanccy Sniffle by name, who had a
great faculty for going to musters, elections,
and other public gatherings, and getting up
a general^ tight,, and then standing oft' and
enjoying it. How many times has the distin-
guished gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,]
who seems to have a good deal ot I ho same
sort of talent, worried the House into a pcrluot
tumult and tempest, and when everybody was
excited to the highest pitch, turned round and
made fun of us all to his great amusement and
evident satisfaction? 1 thought he rather
exceeded himself yesterday in this particular.
l''or after he had induced his associates from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr! and Kentucky [Mr.
JIuck] to work themselves up into a high
state,—I had almost said of indignation, cer-
tainly into a great array of figures, figures of
rhetoric and logic, as well as of arithmetic—
ho comes forward and turns it all into ridicule,
and makes merry over the whole business. He
discusses what he calls the " scindicatc," and
the '* Giasculicus,"' and the " heathen Chi-
nee," and the "chameleon," and I know not
what other agreeable financial topics, greatly
to. his own enjoyment, if not to the amusement
of the House. I was reminded of John Gil-
pin, "of credit and renown
JohnGilpm bad a pleasant wit,
And loved a timely joko."
Although the disinclination to be interrupted
and questioned seemed rather to savor of a
wit prepense, and of jokes aforethought, still
the wit was very good and the jokes were very
funny,
I do not propose, sir, to be led off very far
into grave disquisition, into a fight over a sub-
ject like this for the amusement of anybody.
We are called upon to discuss, not puns, not
quips, not quibbles, but a grave and important
financial operation, one that affects the credit
and the well-being of our conntry, and espe-
cially the interests of the tax-payers. We are
called upon to examine a transaction which
every man who loves his country, and is proud
of her good name, and rejoices in her credit,
will delight to approve and see carried to con-
summation with such eminent and marked
success.
Why, sir, we were told again and again that
our bonds provided for by the act of 1870
could never be negotiated, that our loan could
not he placed. We were laughed at, ridiculed,
derided ; just as in the beginning of the war
we used to be ridiculed and laughed at and
derided in the same quarter for our efforts to
suppress the rebellion and to maintain the
integrity of our Government; just as we used
to be laughed at in the beginning by reason
of our financial measures for prosecuting the
war, derided as unworthy of the nation, as
measures that would not succeed, as measures
that would reflect only discredit and dishonor
and bring ridicule upon the country. Yet we
tried them, and they did succeed.
Wo preserved the integrity of our nation,
we appealed to our own citizens and to nobody
else to loan their money to carry on the war.
We issued our paper with the stamp of the
United States and the authority of the United
States upon it, and put it forth to the country
as money and as legal tender for the payment
of debts. The people of the country took it
und used it, and it stands to-day confessed by
everybody the best currency that the people of
America have ever had. So in this last attempt
to redueo our bonded debt to a lower rate of
interest, wo have already reduced the interest
on $200,000,000 at a less cost to the people
aiul the tax-payers than such a loan was ever
negotiated at before. Let mo read a few words
from the Secretary of the Treasury on this
point. Hut first let me remark that the Sec-
retary, in presenting his official action for our
consideration, with the utmost frankness, with
undisguised candor, told us that he wished
our opinion upon his conduct. If we thought
lie had transcended the authority given him
by the law, he wished to stop then and there,
and if we arc prepared to allow the funding to
go on the laws should be amended so as to
give him such powers as he thought that he
needed, and we thought that under the present
law.lie did not have. Then I auote from, liis
testimony:
"Mr. Cox. Then you do not want any further
legislation Y
" Mi\ Boutwkll. I do not ask for any further
legislation if the committee and Congress think I
urn proceeding: properly now. You cannot possibly
negotiate the loan at. a less rate than one percent,
on the five pcrcent. bonds: one and one half per
cent, on the lour and a half per cents; and two per
cent, on the four per cents, unless the business
through the banks is continued in the way. pointed
out."
And, gentlemen, in face of that statement,
you have to do one of two things—either
brand the Secretary as guilty of knowing and
intentional falsehood, or else declare that he
has acted wisely; that lie has conducted a
negotiation which has saved the Government
at least $500,000 in expense, compared with
what it would have been if conducted by other
agencies and upon a different basis.
It is sometimes supposed, and the argument,
is made, that the national banks were devised
as a war measure, and to last only during the
war. Such was not the purpose or the opinion
of those who passed the law establishing them.
They were to be a great financial system which,
among other things, should nationalize our
currency. They contemplated making these
banks agents which could be used with their
consent or without their consent, at the peril
of losing their charters, to carry on such trans-
actions as the Government might have occasion
to intrust to agents. Hence Congress forbore
to provide in the act of July 14, 1870, for the
employment of- the great bankers of Prank-
fort, Amsterdam, Paris, and London as the
agents to negotiate this loan. No doubt those
gentlemen would have been very glad to be
intrusted with this responsibility. No doubt
they would have cheerfully undertaken the
work of placing this loan upon tho European
market at the rates indicated by the Secretary
of the Treasury. No doubt they would have
undertaken, as a certain foreign banking-house
did undertake for many years, to be our finan-
cial agents abroad; but Congress decided that
they would use no such agency, that they would
not go beyond the Treasury and its officials,
and the national banks. The result shows that
thereby they have already saved to the coun-
try fully half a million dollars. The homely
principle of letting well enough aloue forbids
ua to interfere, except by way of approval.
So thought the Committee of Ways and Means,
and such is their report.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose to examine the provisions of the law
which regulates the negotiation of our loans,
and still further is it from my purpose to vin-
dicate the'integrity or the legality or propriety
of the action of the Secretary of the Treasury.
His integrity indeed has not been assailed. I
believe that all the gentlemen who have spoken
upon the pending question admit it, and admit
it specifically in their examination of this ques-
tion. I want to bring rapidly to the attention
of the House and the country some of the
results of the operations of the Secretary of
the Treasury. It was deemed to be desirable
by Congress, and still more so by the country,
that the rate of interest, six per cent, in gold,
upon our bonded debt should be reduced, and
a law was passed whereby it was hoped that
this good result might be produced. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury was authorized by law
to issue three classes of bonds, one bearing
five, one four and a half, and one four per
cent. In pursuance of' that law bonds were
prepared and put upon the market, and slowly,
day by day, week by week, month by month,
subscriptions were made to the highest class
of bonds, amounting in all to about sixty-five
million dollars, when the market for them
seemed to have closed absolutely. There
was a complete cessation of subscriptions.
There was an end of the negotiation. This
was natural. You could not expect the con-
stituents of the gentlemen from New York
who discussed this bill yesterday—I mean all
the city members who spoke upon it—to come
forward and voluntarily agree, from motives
of patriotism, to accept five per cent, instead
of six per cent., which they were then receiving
upon the many tens of millions they hold in
Government bonds. It was perhaps too much
to expect from the patiotism of any man, and
certainly from any set of men whose business
is dealing in slocks and bonds and making
corners in gold. Certain it is they did not do
it. Meanwhile, an offer came to the Secretary
of the Treasury from the syndicate to take the
whole of the five per cent, bonds then upon
the market, to wit, $135,000,000. The Secre-
tary, however, (lid not accept it withouta qual-
ification. He determined to test the question
whether the change so desirable for the Gov-
ernment was not also a fair one for the Amer-
ican bondholders. He therefore gave to the
syndicate all the remainder of the $200,000,000
that had been offered save $50,000,000, the
right to take which he reserved to the national
banks of the country. Now, did these hanks
let the syndicate take the whole $200,000,000?
Did they find the bargain an oppressive one ?
No, sir; they had not voluutarily come for-
ward to make the exchange, but when they
found that if they did not take the five per
cents others would, they promptly stepped in
and accepted the option, availed themselves
of it, and took the $50,000,000 of bonds
open to them. This done, the remainder,
$85,000,000, were sold to the syndicate.
An attempt has been made to prove that
