2562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear that
explained.
Mr. SAWYER. In explanation I will send
to the Secretary certain communications from
the Treasury Department.
The chief clerk read the following letter from
the Solicitor of the Treasury :
Department of Justice,
Office op the Solicitor of the Treasury,
Washington, D. C„ April 16,1872.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith the
transcript, of record and other papers in the case of
T. 0. Callieot, special agent of the Treasury Depart-
ment,, plaintiff in error, vs. Alexander McLeod.
From these papers it appears that McLeod com-
menced a suit against Callieot in the court of com-
mon pleas for the district of Charleston, in the Slate
of South Carolina, on the third Monday in June,
I860, which suit the United States district attorney
caused to he removed to the United States circuit
court for the district of South Carolina. In the last-
named court, upon the 7th of November, 18G6, the
said McLeod tiled his declaration against the said
Callieot, setting forth substantially that the said
Callieot unlawfully converted to his own use two
certain lots of cotton, one consisting of thirty bales
and the other of nine bales, the property of said
McLeod.
To this declaration the said Callieot plead in bar
that the said eottou was taken by him on the 21st of
October, 1865, at the city of Charleston, in said dis-
trict, as an officer and agent of the United States,
namely, supervi>ing special agent of the Treasury
Department, in the administration of the net en-
titled " An act to provide for the collection of aban-
doned property and for the prevention of frauds in
insurrectionary districts within tho United States,"
approved March 12, 1863, and in virtue and under
color thereot. Issue was thereupon joined, and upon
trial being: had at the Apiil term 1^69, a verdict was
rendered against said Callieot, for $11,700 68.
By direction of the Secretary of the Treasury tho
United States district attorney was directed by mo
to sue out a writ of ciror to the United States Supreme
Court.
The ease was accordingly taken to the said Supremo
Court by writ, of error, and at tho last term thereof
was disinissid on motion of tho Attorney General
far the reason that there were no grounds for revers-
ing the judgment, ot the circuit court.
On the dismissal of the writ of error tlie judgment
of theeiicuit eourl w as affirmed. Bj the eighth sec-
tion of tho net of July 28, 18G6, tho twelfth section
of the act of March 3, 18m;;, was extended to all suits
brought, againstany officer for proceedings under tho
act to providefor the collection of abandoned prop-
erty, and where a, recovery was had, it was provided
that the judgment should bo paid out of moneys
obtained from tho proceeds of sales and leases and
fees under tile acts approved March 12, 1864, and
■) ul y 2, 1864.
By joint resolution of March 30,1868,011 moneys
arising from soles of captured and abandoned prop-
erty under the several acts of Congress providing
for tho collection and sale of such property, were
recjuirod !o ho covered into the Treasury. In con-
sequence thereof tho Secretary of the Treasury is
unable to pay the judgment in the said case against
Callieot.
_ 1 make this statement at, tho request of Hon. F. A.
Sawyer, United Sta,tes Senator, whose letter to me
t hoiewith transmit.
I am, very respectfully.
B.C. BANlflKfiD,
Solicitor oj the, Treasury.
Hon. Geo. S. IJoutwell, Sccrctaiyofthe Trewmry.
Mr. SAWYER. Now, 1 send up a letter
from the Department, of .Justice to the Soli-
citor of the Treasury, and will slate in addition
that, the letter which has just been read is
inclosed in a letter from the Sccretarj' of the
Treasury, stating that it presents all the facts
in the case in the possession of the Depart-
ment.
'The letter was read as follows:
Department of Jostiok,
Wasiiixgtox, April 16, 1872.
Sik: In an>,wer to jour letter of yesterday's date
to the Attorney General, I beg to say that, the ease
of McLeod aga nst Callieot was brought to the Su-
preme Court of the United States by the defendant,
by w.it of error, and that the writ of error was dis-
missed at the last term of the court on motion of the
Attorney General, after an examination of tho case
by ilic counsel for the Government, tor the reason
that there were no grounds for leversing tho judg-
ment of the circuit court of South Carolina against
Callieot.
On the dismissal of the writ of error, the judgment
of the circuit court was affirmed.
I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,
B. II. BRISTOW,
Solicitor General.
Hon. E. C. Banfield, sjoHc-itor of the Treasury.
Mr. '1RUMBULL. I should like to know
if it is in order to offer a private claim upon
this appropriation bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Nopoint hasyet
been made upon it. The Chair will rule upon
it whenever it is made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make the point ; I
inquire if it is in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois makes the point that it is a pri-
vate claim.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to say a word
about the fact whether it is or not.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
like to be informed on that point before he
rules upon it, for he does not yet know whether
it is or not.
Mr. SAWYER. I think the letter of the
Solicitor states distinctly that the law provides
in a case just, like this that the money shall be
paid out of certain proceeds in the Treasury,
and that this is simply carrying out the law.
It is not a private claim in the sense in which
we use that term under our rules.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to see the
law that provides for paying such a claim as
this.
Mr. SAWYER. It is the eighth section of
the act of July 28, 1866.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Chair to have
the Clerk read it so that we may see just what
it is.
Mr. SAWYER. It is to be found in the
fourteenth volume of the Statutes-at-Large,
page 329.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
rule on the point of order made by the Sen-
ator from Illinois. It appears from the letter
of the Solicitor of the 'Treasury that this does
not come within the thirtieth rule. The Chair
will explain to the Senate why, in liis opinion,
it does not. One of the clauses authorizing
amendments proposing additional appropri
ations to be received to any general appropri-
ation bill is "to carry out the provisions of
some existing law;" and the close of the par-
agraph provides that—
" No amendment shall be received whose object is
to provide for n private claim, unless it bo to carry
out the provisions of an existing law, or a treaty
stipulation."
It is therefore evident, by the repetition of
this expression twice in this paragiaph, that
whether the amendment, is or is not to provide
for a private claim, it must be to carry out the
provisions of some existing law, or it cannot
he offered. It appears from the letter of the
Solicitor of the Treasury that "by the eighth
section of the act, of .July 28, 1866, the twelfth
section of tho act of March 3, 1868, was ex-
tended to all suits brought against any officer
under the act to provide for the collection of
abandoned property, and where a recovery
was had it was provided that the judgment
should be paid out of moneys obtained from
the proceeds of sales and leases and fees under
the acts approved March 12, 1804, and July
'I, 18ti4." If the laws of the United States
stopped there, then unquestionably, the Chair
thinks, this would be admissible under the
thirtieth rule. But the law of March 8, 1868,
provided that all moneys arising from sales of
captured and abandoned property, under the
several acts of Congress to provide for the
collection and sale of such property, should
be covered into the Treasury ; so that by the
existing law this money, instead of remaining
in the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury
to he used for this purpose, has been covered
into the Treasury. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury is unable to pay the judgment against
Callieot. Therefore the amendment does not
carry out the provisions of an existing law,
but is to supplement a deficiency which can-
not be carried out under existing laws, and
hence does not come within the thirtieth rule,
: in the opinion of the Chair. It may be a good
' case for a bill on that subject, but the Chair
, does not think it comes within the thirtieth
! rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the Chair thinks it
is not in order ?
The VTCE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the law of 1868 takes this fund from the general
moneys which could be appropriated for this
purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair sustains the
point of order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. ■ Unquestionably the Chair
is right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The law of 1868
compels him to decide so. But for that act
the Chair would not so decide.
Mr. SAWYER. It is with the utmost, reluc-
tance that I feel compelled to appeal from the
decision of the Chair on this occasion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina appeals from the decision of
the Chair ; and the question now is, Shall the
decision of ihe Chair stand as the judgment
of the Senate?
Mr. SAWYER. Section eight of the act
approved July 28, 1866, provides in the first
place that the provisions of the second, third,
and fourth sections of the act approved
March 2, 1833, and the twelfth section of the
act approved March 3, 1863 should be ex-
tended over cases arising under what are known
as the captured and abandoned property acts.
The act says further with reference to the acts
of agenls appointed under the captured and
abandoned property acts—
"That such acts done or proceedings had under
the two acts last aforesaid, or under color thereof,
shall have been done and had under the authority
or by the direction of the executive Government of
tho United States : And provided Jaitiier, Thatwhen
a recovery shall have been, orshall horeo.fter be, had
in any such suit or prosecution brought, or which
may hereafter be brought, as aforesaid, the payment
of the amount recovered, as provided for in the said
twelfth section of the act approved March 3,1863,
aforesaid, shall be made out of the moneys arising
and obtained from tho proceeds of sales and leases
and fees collected and paid over to the Government
under tho two acts approved March 12, 1863, and
July 2, 1864, aforesaid, in relation to captured and
abandoned property."
Now, it is unquestionable that if there had
been money in the Treasury appropriated for
the general purpose of paying these judgments,
the Secretary of the Treasury would have paid
this one. The only reason he does not pay it
is because there is no appropriation for that
purpose. The law requires it to be paid. There
is but one thing more, necessary to be done,
and that is that Congress should make the
appropriation according to law. The judg-
ment is against one of those officers who by the
terms of the act had thrown around them the
same protection which had been thrown around
revenue officers by foimer acts; and the acts
were done under color of the law; the prop-
erty was taken by the officer in obedience to
the direction of the executive department of
the Government. The conditions were com-
plied with. The Secretary of the Treasury
ordered the cotton to be sent to New York
and consigned to the cotton agent of the Gov-
ernment, at that point. The Government re-
ceived the proceeds of the cotton. The Gov-
ernment defended the suit from beginning to
end, although brought against one of itsagonts.
I am not learned in the law either parlia-
mentary or statute, but I conscientiously be-
lieve, and did when Ipresented this amendment,
that it was not a private claim, and it is onlv
because, having that conviction, I should be
false to my duty in the premises if I did not
take this appeal, that I have taken it.
Mr. IT1URMAN. I do not profess to have
much knowledge of the rules of the Senate,
and I habitually defer to the decision of the
Chair, but I venture to make a suggestion
rather than an argument on this question. It
does not, matter whether this is a private
claim or not. The Senator from South Caro-
lina says it is not a private claim. He may
properly admit that it is a privalc claim ; but,
though it is a private claim, if the amendment
is to carry out the provisions of an existing
law, it is in order; so that this question is not
settled against the amendment by saying that
