1666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
phen Hall for a patent for an improvement
in harvesters, to report adversely thereon.
The application was made in 1866, and was
erroneously rejected. In 1868 he withdrew
his application in order to make another ap-
plication. The Committee on Patents has
repeatedly decided that this was an abandon-
ment of his claim, and in accordance with two
or three reports already made from the same
committee this morning, that this is in the
nature of an appeal from the Commissioner
of Patents, I am instructed by the committee
to ask that the case be indefinitely postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be indef-
initely postponed if there is no dissent.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of George W. Bradley, praying pay
for injuries received in the military service,
reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 558) granting
a pension to Mary S. Howe, reported adversely
thereon, the committee nQt finding sufficient
evidence to support it; and the bill was indef-
initely postponed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1065) grant-
ing a pension to Martha A. Jones, whose hus-
band was killed in what is called the Mor-
gan raid, in 1863, reportedadversely thereon,
the committee finding no evidence that he was
in the military service ; and the bill was indef-
initely postponed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The same
committee, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1059) granting a pension to Phebe
Hascall, widow of Sidney Smith, have directed
me to report it adversely. The facts of the
case are: this is a widow who married the
second time and now asks that a pension be
continued to her.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If thers is no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1067) granting a pension to
Ann G. Barker, widow of Thomas Barker,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of 1 'exas. [ am also
directed by the same, committee, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. IOCS) granting a
pension to Mary Wade, mother of Jeunie
Wade, who was said to have been killed at the
battle of Gettysburg, to report it adversely.
The committee find no evidence in support of
the bill except the testimony of the applicant
herself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that that bill be placed
on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to take up House bill No. 1866 for
the relief of Mrs. Francis A. McKinney.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that a bill has been taken up already on
the motion of the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr.
Hitchcock,] which has been up during two
morning hours, and he yielded for the ordin-
ary morning business only.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to call up the
resolution that I offered yesterday.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet
time. The call is still resting at reports of
committees.
preemption settlers in california.
Mr. pASSERLY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 1021) for the re-
lief of preemption settlers in California, to
report it back without amendment, and I ask
that it be put on its passage now. It is a very
short bill. It simply gives, in consideration
of two years of very severe drought in that
State, one year more to preemptioners there
to make payment upon their declarations as
filed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska has a bill called up, and has
objected to anything except pension bills and
ordinary morning business. The Senator might
present his bill to-morrow morning and have
it considered then.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think it will
give rise to any debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Nebraska will give way, the Chair will
ask unanimous consent for this bill also.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I do not object.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that all bona fide
preemption claimants who may have filed their
declaratory statements prior to the passage of
this act, upon any of the public lands in the
State of California, shall have one year from
and after its passage in which to make proof
and payment of their respective claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
public building at st. louis.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I submit a
report from a committee of conference, which
I send to the desk and ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing:
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (1J. R. No. 619) appropriating money for the
purchaso of a suitable site, and erecting a building
thereon, in the city of St. Louis, Missouri, to be
used for the purposes of a custom-house, post office,
and other Federal offices, having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend to their respective Houses, as follows :
Ihat the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendments numbered one, two, and threo, and
agree to the same with a further amendment in
page 1, line ten, by striking out the words " two
hundred and fifty " and inserting in lieu thereof the
words " five hundred."
JTJSTIN S. MORRILL,
L. TRUMBULL,
PRANK P. BLAIR,
Manaaers on the part of the Senate.
J. A. GARFIELD,
GEORGE A. 1IALSEY,
ERASTUS WELLS,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely de-
sire to state that the bill as it came from the
House provided an appropriation of $250,000
for the site. It was amended so as to limit the
appropriation for the site to $500,000 in all,
and to limit the expenditure for the building
and site together to $2,250,000. It was rep-
resented on the part of the managers of the
House that more than two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars will be required for the site
to be expended the present year, and the
committee of conference agreed to make an
additional appropriation of $250,000, but not
to increase the aggregate amount for the site
and building together beyoud what was origin-
ally proposed.
The report was concurred in.
bills introduced.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 808) to amend an act entitled "An act
to amend the fifth section of an act entitled 'An
act donating public lands to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges
for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts,' approved July 2, 1862, so as to extend
the time within which the provisions of said
act shall be accepted and such colleges estab-
lished," approved July 23, 1866; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the bill, with
the accompanying papers, among them a com-
munication from the Governor of Indiana, be
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimouB con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
809) to establish an assay office at Helena,
in the Territory of Montana; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. COLE. I introduce that bill by request.
I have not had an opportunity of examining it
myself. I move its reference to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 810) for the relief of Memorial parish of
the Protestant Episcopal Church in the Dis-
trict of Columbia ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 811) for the relief of Butler, Miller & Co.
and Hawks, Miller & Co., of Ohio ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
812) to provide for furnishing trusses to dis-
abled soldiers: which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 813) to provide for the refunding of taxes
paid by the State officers upon their salaries;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 814) to divide the State of Iowa into two
judicial districts ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 815) relating to the purchase of a build-
ing and grounds in San Francisco, California,
for the purposes of a United States mariue
hospital; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 816) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish a uniform time for holding elections
for electors of President and Vice President of
the United States," passed January 23, 1845;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
817) for the relief of Albert Towle, postmaster
at Beatrice, Nebraska; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr, LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
818) to allow the Orange, Alexandria, and
Manassas Railroad Company to run trains
and transport passengers and freight within
the corporate limits of Washington city;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
amendments to appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted two amendments
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1192) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes ; which were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
tariff bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following res-
olution or motion, and ask its present consid-
eration :
Betolved, That House bill No. 173, commonly
