1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2563
it is a private claim. The question turns on
whether or not there is an existing law that it
can be truly said the amendment is to execute.
It cannot be denied that the eighth section of
the act of 1866, which has been referred to,
does provide in express terms that this recov-
ery shall'be paid. It reads :
And provided further, That when a reoovery shall
have been or shall hereafter be had in any such suit
or prosecution brought, or which may hereafter be
brought, as aforesaid, the payment of the amount
recovered, as provided for in the said twelfth sec-
tion of the act approved March 3.1863, aforesaid,
shall be made out of the moneys arising and ob-
tained from tlie proceeds of sales and leases and
fees paid over to the Government under the two acts
approved March 12, 1863, and July 2,1864, afore-
said, in relation to captured and abandoned prop-
erty.
The only effect of that is that a particular
fund is set apart for the recovery of the judg-
ments which shall be obtained.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will read
a little further down he will notice a proviso
that may be of use to him.
Mr. THURMAN. That is the proviso I
did read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; it is that before the
money shall be paid it must appear that the
act sued for was done under the direction of
the executive authority. Now, the record in
this case shows exactly the reverse, and that
is the ground on which the man was beaten,
that ho had been forbidden to do this.
Mr. TBURMAN. To what does the Sen-
ator refer?
Mr. EDMUNDS. To the proviso in the j
eighth section.
Mr. SAWYER. Pardon me for interrupt
ing the Senator and saying that the transcript
of the record, which I have before me, shows !
distinctly that the order was given to take that
property from Charleston to New York with
a view to deliver it to the Government cotton !
agent, Simeon Draper. My friend will see
that that was after an offer had been made to
give it up, if the party from whom it had been
illegally and improperly seized would admitthat
there had been a reasonable ground of seizure ;
and as there had been no reasonable ground
of seizure, of course he would not admit it;
but the Secretary of the Treasury ordered the
cotton to be taken to New York, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury received the proceeds
of the cotton and put them into the public
Treasury; and to say that it was not done by
the order of the executive Government after
that seems to me to be a strange contradic-
tion in terms.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the Senator
from Ohio was making a suggestion to the
Chair in regard to this point of order, the
Chair 
Mr. THURMAN. I have not concluded
what I had to say. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sired to have him address his remarks to the
particular point in the mind of the Chair.
Mr. THURMAN. I was interrupted in the
midst of what I was going to say by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I apologize.
Mr. THURMAN. I know nothing about the
facts of the case. I do not know whether the
claim ought to be allowed or not. [ am simply j
speaking of the point of order. I said that
the effect of the proviso which I read seemed
to me to be simply, if I understand the sub-
ject, to restrict the payment of^these claims
to a particular fund ; that is, for the time being
they are to be paid out of this particular fund.
The laws which are referred to, and which are
extended over the cases of seizure of captured
aud abandoned property, provide generally
that the judgment shall be paid ; but in this
case, as the property itself that was seized by
the wrongful act produced the lund, the law
provides that the judgment shall be paid out
of that fund. I may not have entirely appre-
hended what the Vice President said; but if
I understood the Chair correctly, the decisiou
was placed on the ground that this money has
been covered into the Treasury. I submit that
the fact of the money having been covered
into the Treasury, it having been a fund that
was applicable to this particular case, ought ]j
to make no difference. We made a rule that ;
the money should be covered into the Treas- ]|
ury. That was simply a rule for the proper i;
administration of the Department of the !
Treasury. I do not think that that alters the jj
law or the spirit of the law or the spirit of our ;
rules If I understand the Chair correctly, in r
case the money had not been covered into the j'
Treasury, then he would have considered this J;
amendment as in order. If I am right in
that, it does seem to me that the fact that it has
been covered into the Treasury does not alter
the case. Then it stands just precisely as
doesthe case of a judgmentagaint persons who j>
have violated some right against him for the j
acts named in this section, which the law does
not provide shall be paid out of any particular ,j
fund, but out of any money in the Treasury jj
not otherwise appropriated. !
The gravamen of the thing is that Con- jj
gress intended that the judgment should be I;
paid; I am assuming now that this is one of
the judgments within the act—whether it is I
or not 1 do not know. Congress intended it j
should be paid, and provided that it should be j
paid, too, because they designated a particular 'j
fund; but afterward, "for the purpose of the j
proper administration of the Treasury Depart-
ment, wo directed that money to be covered :
into the Treasury. We do not thereby destroy j-
it as a fund ; we do not. take away anything of j
the substance of this act; and it seems to me I,
that if, in case the money had not been covered
into the Treasury, this under the circumstances j
would have been an amendment within the ;
thirtieth rule, it must be in order as the thing
now stands; but 1 maybe entirely mistaken. ;
The VICE PRESIDENT. '1 he Chair will j,
now state the point that was in his mind 011 j
which he made this decision. The Senator j
from Ohio has construed laws a great deal
more than the Chair, who is not a lawyer ; j
and he will notice wherein, if at all, the Chair
makes a fault in correctly construing this law.
It, is conceded that, whether a private claim <
or not, this amendment must be to carry out
the provisions of some existing law or it is j
not in order under the thirtieth rule. In 1806
a law existed declaring as an indemnity law ;
that any officer who was mulcted in damages j
by a court for certain acts performed should be I
paid by the Secretary of the Treasury (nut by j
Congress) out of a certain fund received from
abandoned property. This lequired 110 action \
of Congress. In 1868, however, Congress !
provided that this money should be covered
into the Treasury of the United States or go
into the general money belonging to the peo-
ple of the United States. In 1866 the exist- j
ing law would have authorized the Secretary ;
to pay this judgment if it came rightfully
within the provisions of that law out of the :
proceeds of abandoned property. The law ,
having been changed in 18G8 by the law-rnak- j
ing power, the law of 1806 is not an existing j
law now, and therefore it, is not to carry out
the provisions of an existing latv that this :
amendment is moved now by the Senator from j
South Carolina. In 1866 it would have been 1
parliamentary; in 1808 the Chair thinks it
would not have been parliamentary. In 1860, j
indeed, it would not have been required; the ;
Secretary of the Treasury could have paid it.
Since 1868 he cannot pay it, and therefore
like a thousand other claims it is a proper
subject lor the consideration of Congress,
standing on its own merits. But the appeal
is before the Senate, and the question is, Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the Senate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair is so plainly
right that in order to get along with this bill
I move that the appeal be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed t,o.
Mr. SAWYER. Ihave another amendment.
I gave notice of an amendment yesterday. It
has not been printed, I understand. It is an
appropriation to come after line six hundred
and forty-one:
To pay William It. lloyt, contractor for repairs
upon the United States court-house at Charloston,
South Carolina, 8102 08.
Mr. COLE. It is a private claim, I suppose.
Mr. SAWYER. It is not a private claim, I
think. The Secretary of the Interior sends a
letter suggesting the necessity of the appro-
priation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, as the Senator lias been debarred
of his right by the printed amendment not
coming in, the Chair will have the letter read,
i( it can be concluded in a minute or two.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
Department of the Interior,
Washington. D. C„ April 19,1872.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge thereccipt
of your letter of the 18th instant, desiring informa-
tion relative to the amount of money expended in
repairs, &c., for the United States court-house at
Charleston, South Carolina, and whether any defi-
ciency exists at the picsent time.
In reply I have to say that a provision of the act
approved March 3. 1869. making appropriations for
sundry civil evpoiises of the (iovernnicnt. for the
year ending Juno 30, 1S70. (Statutes IS, page 305.)
appropriates ?54G,OtiO for the purchase and fitting up
of the Club Ilouso, in Charleston, South Carolina.
The sum of §36,2ut 78 was paid out of said appro-
priation for the purchase of the property, and t_he
necessary attendant expenses. Tile balance, $9,735
22. was c'overedinto the Treasury by the operation of
the act of Julv 12, 1870, (United States Statutes vol-
ume 16. page 251.) but the sum was reappropriated
on the.3uth ot April, 1871. (I'amphlet Laws, page 7.)
and on the 31st July. 1871, a, contract was entered
into between b. K. Johnson, United States marshal,
on the part ot the United States, and W. R. lloyt,
tor the construction of certain additions and repairs
to 'said Club House, for the sum of $>9,500.
This contract has been faithfully executed by Mr.
lloyt, and said sum of 49,500 has been duly paid to
him. lie has rendered an account for extra work,
which is certified to by the United States marshal as
being necessary 1 <> tho completion of the building,
which account has been approved by tins Depart-
ment. Upon it the sum of $235 22, the remainder of
the appropriation, has been paid, leaving a balance
due Mr. lloyt of $102 08, for the payment of which
an additional appiopriation will be necessary.
1 therefore suggest that a clause bo inserted m the
pending defn'icncv bill appropriating, for the com-
pletion ot the. United States eouit-house at Charles-
ton, ^102 80.
j I am, sir, respectfully, your obed^ient^servant,
< Acting ticereta.ru.
' Hon. F. A. SaWYEH, Committee on Apiiropriation*
I United States Senate.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour is just about expiring. The, Chair will
say that if this amendment is offered in pur-
suance of the recommendation of the Secre-
tary, '-that the amount of $102 08 be appro-
priated for the completion of the United States
custom-house at Chaileston," it comes within
the rule as in pursuance of an estimate of the
head of a Department. If it is to pay an indi-
; vidual for some work not authorized by law,
it is a private claim, tlie Chair thinks.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer it in the form recom-
mended by the Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it is in
order under the clause relative to estimates
fnom heads of Departments.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer it in that form.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired. The bill unfinished at the
adjournment last eveuiug was the bill (S. No.
3051 to secure equal rights in the public
; schools of Washington and Georgetown,
, which is now before the Senate; bid the
Chair must state that to-day after one o'clock
was by unanimous consent set apart for the
consideration of the bill reported by the Com-
j| mittee on the Pacific Railroad ; and uule&s the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] claims
j! the floor 011 the unfinished business, the Chair
It will give the floor to the chairman of the Com-
