1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3459
making, roofing, paving. India-rubber, varnish-
making. and malleable-iron manufactures, the
preservation of wood, and many other promi-
nent industries. The principal demand, how-
ever, is for the oils distilled from the coal tar,
they being in the proportion of one and a half
gallons of light oil and eight gallons of heavy
oil to the bnrrel of tar. The balance, twenty-
eight gallons, is termed "pitch," " bitumen,"
or "cement." The latter is not all consumed,
but. on the other hand, has accumulated in
large quantities, a fair selling price for which
has only been maintained by our manufacturers
by carrying heavy stocks.
The contract prices for coal tar in the United
States are from one hundred to two hundred per
cent, higher than' in England or on the conti-
nent ; hence the cost of the products is higher.
The oils meet with a comparatively ready sale
in Europe, but here the " pitch," or " asphalt"
as it is termed by many, has accumulaied in
immense quantities. In a recent visit to
Europe this gentleman says he saw thousands
of tons in Dublin, Glasgow. Edinburgh, New-
castle-011- I'yne, Manchester, Liverpool, Lon-
don, Paris, and other continental cities. It
was offered to him then at sixteen shillings
per ton, and it is now quoted at thirteen shil-
lings per ton, which is less than coal-tar costs
in the tanks at the gas-works in this country.
The piesent duty is nominally twenty percent.
ad valorem, (" unenumerated articles.") It
is asked by this bill that this be changed to
a specific duty, making the foreign "asphalt"
or " pitch" cost as nearly as possible what it
costs A tnerican manufacturers. A duty of one
quarter of onecentper poundupon "asphalt,"
"pitch," "bitumen," "cement," or "re-
duced coal-tar," will meet the matter, for by
these terms the residuum from the distillation
of coal tar is known in commerce.
It is very clear that this duiy asked for in
this bdl is right and just to the American man-
ufac:uier. No one opposes the duty proposed
in this bill unless it be a few importers, who
dcsii e it left off that they may realize large
profits to the detriment of the large manufac-
tuiing interests of the country now engaged in
it. as well to the injury of the working classes
and consumers. Within a few months two
cargoesof tins " pitch" or coal-tar "asphalt"
from England have been landed in New York
as "reduced coal-tar," entering free of duty,
and has already entered into competition with
the American manufacture.
I hope, Mr. Chairman, the duty proposed in
this bill will pass, and this industry be pro-
tected from large importations of the foreign
production. 1 have two of these factories in
my district, and if this duty is not imposed it
will simply close them both and throw out of
employment many hands, and destroy a new
and important branch of American industry.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. I
believe the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts ought to prevail. I do not wish
to occupy time, but I will simply say that this
would be a very material increase of duty
which was not intended to be made by the
Committee of Ways and Means. I was not
aware that, it was agreed upon.
Mr. DAWES. The last remark of the gen-
tleman from Illinois rather surprises me, as
we had three or four hearings on this subject.
Gentlemen confound asphalt with coal-tar.
Coal-tar is just as free as water, abroad and
here. Asphalt is a manufacture of coal-tar.
It is one ot' the many results produced out of
eoai-tar—results from expedients i" chemical
operations which have astonished the mechan-
ical wot Id. Out of it have come carbolic
acid and aniline dyes in all the colors of the
rainbow, and various other articles; and every
year there are great and material results of
the labor upon this woik. Ihe committee do
not propose to put any duty upon coal-tar, but
to admit it as a raw material. It comes in
free, but on the many results of coal-tar, for
the sake of the labor performed on them here,
for the sake of the result that here in this
country as well as abroad, and here in compe-
tition with those abroad, have been wrought
out of coal-tar, they have put upon these
manufactures a simple duty of $1 25 per ton.
Coal-tar, so far as this bill is concerned, or
any desire of the committee is concerned, is
free. This does not interfere with coal-tar.
In coal tar in this country there can be no
more monopoly than in the water which flows
down the hill side. It runs waste in England,
and is utilized in no way, while it can be
brought here, and nobody would ever under-
take the folly of attempting to make a monopoly
of it.
Mr. BURCHARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. BANKS. I renew the amendment. I
am not mistaken in this matter ; I understand
perfectly well that coal-tar in itself is not the
subject which we have in view. Coal-tar re-
duced is the result of the distillation ofgasfrom
coal; and it is coal-tar reduced we are consid-
ering. The distillation of this coal-tar reduced
for the purpose of obtaining chemical products
resulting therefrom leaves the asphaltum, the
bitumen, the pitch ; they are the residuums.
They are not manufactures in the strict sense
of the term, 'but they are residuums. The
manufacture, in the first place, is the gas. In
the second place, the asphaltum and bitumen
and the pitch are the residuums. The naphtha,
the carbolic acid, and other things of that kind
are the results of the manufacture.
There has been a monopoly in these articles.
For a long time the gas companies had no use
for them whatever. But intelligent men have
applied them now to a great many uses, and
their use has received encouragement in all
parts of the country. The increase of this
duty from seventy-five cents to five dollars and
sixty cents a ton is for the benefit of the ring
of men who control these residuums. That is
the point of objection which we make to this
duty.
Mr. DAWES. To whom does the gentle-
man allude when he refers to " the ring?"
Mr. BANKS. To those people who are
urging this.
Mr. DAWES. Who are they?
Mr. BANKS. I cannot tell you.
Mr. DAWES. Every manufacturer thai,
uses naphtha or asphalt in this whole country
presented his papers before the committee for
this protection of their industry.
Mr. BANKS. I do not understand that at
all. On the contrary, the parties who use this
article in my section of the country protest
against it very strongly.
Mr. DAWES. We have had this urged
upon the committee from Boston, New York,
Cincinnati, New Orleans, from everywhere all
over this country.
Mr. BANKS. It is impossible that any
such genera! claim can be made to increase
this duty from seventy-five cents to $5 60 a
ton, or more than five or six hundred per
eent- , ,
Mr. DAWES. Five or six hundred per
cent upon what? Upon what the coal-tar
costs in England, and it is not worth anything
in England. .
Mr. BANKS. Upon these very articles
imported.
Mr. DAWES. I will read to my colleague
the names of those who have asked for this pro-
vision in this bill: Page, Kidder & Fletcher,
No. 10 Warren street, New York; J. C. Sto
rey & Co., 10 State street, Boston; Bar-
rett, Arnold & Kimball, 230 East Monroe
street, Chicago, Illinois; St. Louis Coal-Iar
Company, by G. H. Parsons, secretary; I age
& Co., 98 Camp street, New Orleans;
more Coal-Tar Manufacturing Company, by C. ,
Hart Smith, president; Mica Rooting Com- i
pany, Maiden Lane, New York ; Ready Roof-
ing Company, 64 Cortland street. New York,
by A. Robinson, treasurer.
Mr. BANKS. My colleague asked me who
composed the ring 
Mr. DAWES. Let me read some more of
the names that I have here: Scrimshaw Pave-
ment Company, Brooklyn, New York, by John
P. Crawford, president; New York' Roofing
Company, 205 Broadway, New York, by H.
A. Cheever, secretary; C. E. Evans, Brook-
lyn, New York ; Evans Concrete Company,
Washington, District of Columbia; Abbott
Pavement Company, Brooklyn, New York,
and Washington, District of Columbia, by H.
L. Crawford, superintendent; W. W. Joyce,
Troy, New York; Jonathan Taylor, pavement
contractor for New York, Brooklyn, Philadel-
phia, Washington, New Orleans, Vicksburg,
&c.; the American Nicolson Pavement Com-
pany, New York.
Mr. BANKS. Very well; these are the
men who constitute the ring. I did not know
who they were before. I thank my colleague
for giving me their names and addresses,
Mr. DAWES. Those are the men who buy
this article.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; those are the rneu
who control it in this country. As I have under-
stood, and I have the papers before me, they
have made arrangements by which they con-
trol all this article in this country. And they
have induced my colleague and his associates
of the Committee of Ways and Means to
increase the duty from seventy-five cents to
live dollars and sixty cents per ton in order
that they might make the price of this article
just exactly what they pleased. They are tho
ring that has done this, and it is only one of
the rings in the country for controlling the
necessaries of life.
Mr. KERR. For one, as a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I desire to
say that I want the amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to be
adopted. I believe all he says to be true.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I ask consent to read a
letter on this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. BANKS. A letter which I hold in my
hand states that—
" The partios who are askinpr for on inoreaso
of duty on coal-tar, reduced asphalt, bitumen, or
cement, 1 am credibly informed, wasted last year
by filling in streets forty thousand barrels of thoir
asphalt. It is known andean be proved, if nesos-
sary, that they proposed to their seniors m business
that the two concornsshould unite iu tho control of
all the coal-tar of this country and keep up the price
to the consumers, wasting the surplus, which prop-
osition was rejected."
Mr. DAWES. What is the name of the
writer of that letter?
Mr. BANKS. Well, sir; I know his name.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment ot Mr. Banks, there were—ayes 85,
noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On acids, namely: acetic, five conts per pound;
carbolic, liquid, ten per cent, ad valorem; gallic, one
dollar per pound ; sulphuric, fumine. (Nordhausen.)
ono cent per pound; tannic, one dollar per pound;
tartaric, ten ceuts per pound.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to strike out in the
first line of the paragraph just read the words
"acetic, five cents per pound," and to insert
in lieu thereof the following:
Acetic, acetous, and pyrolignoous of specific grav-
ity 1.047 or less, fivo cents per pound; aootio. ace-
tous, and pyrohgneoun, of specific gravity overlJUi,
thirty cents per pound.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri. What is
the present duty ?
Mr KELLKY. The present duty is twenfj-
five cents a pound on one and eighty Cents on
the (Ither. I propose to reduce it to five cents
on one and thirty on the other.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not think this Hmi-e
is a proper place to pursue chemical studies
It is impossible to legislate intelhgent.y upon
a matter so obscure.
