1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1667
called the tariff bill, and now a special order, shall
on Monday next; take precedence of the unfinished
business; and for this purpose, for that day, the
fifteenth rule bo suspended.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to that, be-
cause I want my own resolution adopted, which
sets that day apart for the consideration of
business from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senator
to allow the tariff bill to be fixed for that day,
so that we may take it up then.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. COLE. Let the
resolution be read again.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator^ will
agree to give me that day for the considera-
tion of bills from the Committee on Com-
merc, I shall have no objection to taking up
his bill afterward.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will agree so far as I
am concerned to give the Senator some day
next week ; but I think we had better fix the
time when we shall commence the considera-
tion of the tariff bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. My resolution has pre-
ccdsncft
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Sena-
tors have desired the resolution to be read
again.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of Mr.
Sherman.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
go over. I do not like the principle of it. I
am willing to take up the tariff bill as soon as
we get the appropriation bill through.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will make another
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Original Senate
resolutions are still in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that after the
pending appropriation bill is disposed of the
tariff bill shall be taken up. Let that be the
understanding.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
insist upon that now, for a reason which I will
state it he will give me his attention for a
moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it that everybody
feels the necessity of acting upon the tariff.
All I desire is, in order to discharge my duty
to the Committee on Finance and to the Sen-
ate, that after this pending appropriation bill,
which has a'1,<;ady occupied an unnecessary
amount of time in my judgment, is disposed
of, the tariff bill may be taken up by unani-
mous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Ohio makes a suggestion requiring unanimous
consent, but which must be enforced by Sena-
tors themselves unless the rule is specifically
suspended as proposed in the original resolu-
tion he offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do this at the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Vermont, who said
he did not like the precedent of my resolution,
but was willing to have the bill taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT, if that is the
understanding of the Senate, when the appro-
priation bill is dispoeed of the Chair will rec-
ognize the Senatorfrom Ohio in preference to
any other Senator ; hut this order entered on
the Journal would introduce a new system of
orders not according to the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to let it
stand in that way, that after this legislative
appropriation bill is through I shall be recog-
nized.
Mr. WRIGHT. After what has been said
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
1 wish to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that I gave notice of my intention to
call up the Chicago relief bill immediately
after we should dispose of the appropriation
bill now before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires the attention of the Senator from Ohio.
The Senator from Iowa has stated that he
does not waive his right to call up the Chicago
relief bill as soon as this appropriation bill
shall have been disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will take the sense of
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I feel bound to state that if
we have no likelihood of getting through with
the pending appropriation bill soon I shall ask
the Senate to lay it aside and take up another
appropriation bill.
fort kearney reservation.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Now I ask that the bill
which I have had taken up be proceeded with.
Mr. CHANDLER. I gave way for morning
business, and my resolution is part of that
business. I ask that that be acted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
taken up just as the Senator's resolution would
be taken up. At the close of the morning
business a Senator has a right to move to con-
sider a bill or a resolution which is laid over.
They stand exactly on the same footing.
During the morning business the Senator from
Nebraska obtained consent to take up his bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask that that
resolution be considered. I ask my friend to
give way until the resolution is considered.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. My bill will take but
a moment; it has already reached its third
reading.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well, try it.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
645) to confirm the title to certain lands on
the Fort Kearney military reservation in Fre-
mont county, Iowa.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
order of business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
the resolution submitted by me yesterday, as-
signing Monday next, at one o'clock, for the
consideration of bills reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that if that
is taken up, I still move to amend it by insert-
ing the tariff bill instead.
Mr. CHANDLER. I give notice that I shall
resist that amendment and ask the Senate to
vote it down.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is not yet up, and debate on the merits of it is
not in order in the eleventh rule. The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution submitted
by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to state that there
are some twenty-five or thirty bills reported
from the Committee on Commerce, and I do
not suppose there is a single member of this
body, except perhaps myself, who is not inter-
ested in some one of them. It has been said
that no business has been done this session.
If the Senate will give me one day I think I
can secure the passage of twenty or thirty of
these bills. It is true, that I have some twenty
or thirty speeches that I should be glad to make,
but I will even forego the making of those
speeches for the purpose of doing business,
and I will agree not to speak five minutes on
any bill if the Senate will give me that day,
and will devote one day to business. We have
devoted three months to talk. Let us do a
little business for one day, and see what it will
amount to.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to oppose the
taking up of any bills myself; but 1 want to
say to the Senate, and especially to the Senator
from Michigan, that whenever his generosity
will allow him to agree that the Chicago relief
bill shall be taken up, I shall have no opposi-
tion to the consideration of any bill, it has
been before the Senate since the fourth day
after the session commenced, and I have a
great desire that it be taken up as soon as the
appropriation bill we are now on shall be
passed. 1 can say to the Senate that unless
that bill is disposed of within ten days, even
if it is ever passed it will be of veiT little
benefit to the people of Chicago. If the senate
intends that they shall have any benefit from
it, I hope it will give me at least an opporunity
to call it up as soon as the pending appropria-
tion bill is acted on, and let it be disposed of
one'way or the other.
That is all the objection I have to interpose
to the taking up of any bill, I do not care what
it is ; but I do desire that that measure shall
be considered first after the pending appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senate will bear
me witness that when a single objection would
carry over the Chicago bill, I never made that
objection.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not say the Senator did.
I only intended to say that I hoped no time
would be fixed for other bills until I could
have an opportunity of securing the disposi-
tion of the Chicago bill; otherwise it will be
put over until even its passage will be of no
use. That is the only objection I have.
Mr. COLE. Mr, President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind Senators that by the eleventh rule
debate on the merits of this resolution or
any other resolution cannot be in order on a
motion to take it up. It has not yet been
taken up.
Mr. COLE. I am not going to debate the
merits; but I should like to know what assur-
ance the Senator from Michigan has that busi-
ness will be facilitated by the taking up of the
bills which he wishes to have acted upon. We
have been trying to do business here for three
or four months, and if there are any bills upon
which the Senate would be likely to act, and
to act seriously and in earnest, it seems to
me they would be the appropriation bills.
We have made no progress upon them as
yet to speak of, and I am certainly very much
against proceeding with any other general
business until the appropriation bills, or some
of them at least, shall be disposed of; and
my reasons are these: we see from the course
which has been pursued in reference to the
pending appropriation bill that if the appro-
priation bills are crowded into the last of the
session they will be put into the most objec-
tionable shape; every sort of legislation will
be tacked upon them. That being so, I am
very much opposed to enteiing upon any other
general business before they can be disposed
of. Clearly they should be disposed of before
the bills reported from the Committee on
Commerce. I am aware of the great necessity
of doing something for the interests of the
commerce of this country, and for the improve
ment of the finances, and for action upon the
tariff and upon other matters of general inter-
est; but it is of the first importance in my
judgment that the appropriation hills should
be disposed of, lest they should be forced into
the last hours of the session burdened by every
sort of obnoxious measure.
Mr. CHANDLER. It seems to me the Sen-
ator puts the cart before the horse. But for
commerce we should have no money to appro-
priate. I think you had better devote a little
time to the means of supply, and then devote
the balance to spending the money. Com-
merce furnishes the means, and yet you put
commerce aside for appropriations when you
would not have anything to appropriate but for
commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. This debate is
progressing by unanimous consent; it is man-
ifestly debate on a resolution not yet up. The
Chair will not check it any further.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is perfectly manifest
now that it is impossible to dispose of the
appropriation bills during the present period
of the session. The Senator from California
might as well possess his s°u' *,n patience.
He cannot secure the passage of the appro-
priation bills now, because the pressure ot
public business is not yet so great as to^sbow
tho urgency of action on the appropriation
bills at this period of the session. I was satis-
fied of that, although I have been voting with
