2564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
mittee on the Pacific Railroad to test the sense
of the Senate whether they will proceed with
the unfinished business or the business of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, 
Mr. COLE. I ask leave to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. STEWART. I will yield for a sug-
gestion.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that we are about
through with this deficiency bill and the press-
ure for its passage is very great indeed. By
unanimous consent, let the pending unfinished
business and the special order be passed over
informally and the motion of the chairman
of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad be
made after we get through with this bill, which
I think will not take a long time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. COLE. I will state that I know of but
two or three little amendments, that I think will
create no discussion, and 1 am sure we can get
through in a short time.
Mr. STEWART. I am willing to give way
for twenty minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask my friend from Cal
ifornia how much time this bill will take?
Mr. COLE. Fifteen or twenty minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. I am willing, so far as I am
concerned, to give way for twenty minutes or
half an hour, but after that I shall feel it my
duty to call for the unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will have
priority, but it can be set aside as heretofore
by laying it on the table.
Mr. SUMNEK. I am not aware that on
this side there is any desire to debate the
unfinished business. I am ready to vote with-
out saying a word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, then, the unfinished business will be
informally passed over until called up by some
Senator. Two Senators are in antagonism
to-day in regard to the disposition of the day,
one bill coming over as unfinished business,
and the assignment for the Pacific Railroad
Committee having been made for to day. The
Chair will receive further amendments to the
deficiency appropriation bill until some Sena-
tor demands the regular order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following additional section to come in tin page
S3, after line seven hundred and eighty-eight,:
flint, the juri1 ithiu of tho Court of Claims shall
not, extend to or include any claim for any aban-
doned or captured property received or collected
either tho civil or military authorities of tho
United States, under the act approved March 12,
1863, entitled " Au act to provide for the collection
of abandoned property, and for tho prevention of
frauds in insurrectionary districts within tho United
States," or under any act amendatory thereof or in
relation thereto; but the said court shall have juris- !
lUction only in eases duly commenced in said coui t
within two yoara after tho suppression of tho rebel-
lion where it shall be established as a fact by proof
satisfactory to said court that the owners of such
propel t,y have never in factgivon any aid or comfort,
to said rebellion; and no judgment of said court in
any case, under said acts, shall be paid unless such
finding shall be stated as a proven fact in the judg-
ment of said court.
It will be remembered that Congress gave
the Court of Claims jurisdiction over captured
and abandoned property in eases which should
be presented by loyal persons only. By 9
recent decision of the Supreme Court, it ap-
pears that the Supreme Court have reversed
the decision of the Court of Claims, on the
ground, first, of a proclamation ; second, of the
issuance of a pardon; so that at the present
moment rebels stand on just the same footing
in the Court of Claims as persons in the loyal
States who were loyal t'rom the beginning. I
take it there.will be no objection to merely
confining the jurisdiction, as was originally
intended, to loyal persons.
Mr. BAYARD. May I ask the honorable
Senator from Vermont if the amendment he
proposes is the same as a bill introduced by
him the other day?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is not. It
is different.
Mr. THURMAN. Let it be reported; we
did not, hear it, exactly.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will not press that amendment on
this bill. I for one wish to read, as I have
not yet been able to do, the decision of the
Supreme Court.
Mr. CONKLINGr. It can be read in a
minute.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from New
York is too good a lawyer not to know that you
cannot decide a thing like this in a moment.
Mr. CONKLING. We can understand in
a minute what the court decided. It is all in
a nut-shell.
Mr. THURMAN. I, for one, would like to
know very well what, it is before I vote. This
is legislation about the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims. What has that to do with
the deficiency bill ? I hope it will not be put
here, but if the Senator sees fit, let him intro-
duce such a bill as that and send it to the
proper committee, the Judiciary Committee,
which has charge of the question about the
jurisdiction of the courts, and let that com-
mittee examine it, compare it with the decis-
ion that has been pronounced; but do not
spring such a thing as that upon us on a defi-
ciency bill.
Mr. COLE. I rise for the purpose of try-
ing to put an end to this by moving to lay the
amendment on the table, inasmuch as it will
interfere with the purpose to put the bill
through to-day.
Mr. MORR1LL, of Vermont. Allow me to
state a fact. I did not suppose there was a
single Senator here who would object to so
reasonable a proposition as is now made.
Mr. COLE. 1 withdraw my motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
state merely what the decision of the Supreme
Court is. It, has reversed a decision of the
Court of Claims where the claim was for sixty
bales of cotton, which seemed to have been
identified, and one hundred and seventeen
bales of loose cotton; and the decision is:
" On this point it is not now necessary that wo
express an opinion"—
As to loyalty—
" for the President of the United States, on the 25th
of Deeomber, 1868, issued a proclamation, reciting
that' a, universal amnesty and pardon for participa-
tion in said rebellion extended to all who have borne
any part therein will tend to secure permanent
peace, order, and prosperity throughout the land,
and to renew and tally restore eonhdence and fra-
ternal feeling among tho whole people, and their
respect for, and attachment to the national Govern-
ment. designed by its patriotic founders for the
general good'"-—
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that the decision of
ihe Supreme Court?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir, re-
citing the proclamation of the President—
" and granting ' unconditionally and without res-
ervation, to all and every person who directly or
indirectly participated in the late insurrection or
rebellion, a, full pardon and amnesty for the offense
of treason against the United States, or of adhering
to their enemies during the late civil war, with res-
toration of all rights, privileges, and immunities
under the Constitution and the laws which have
been made in pursuance thereof.' "
Then the Supreme Court add :
"We have recently held, in the case of the United
States vs. Klem. that pardon, granted upon condi-
tions, blots out the offense, if proof is made of com-
pliance with the conditions; and that the person so
pardoned is entitled to the restoration of the pro-
ceeds of captured and abandoned property, if suit
bo brought within 'two years after the suppression
of the rebellion.' The pioclamation of the 25th of
December granted pardon unconditionally and
without reservation. This was a public act of
which all courts ot the United States are bound to
take notice, and to which all courts are bound to
give efleet. The claim of the petitioner was pre-
ferred withm two years. The Court of Claims, there-
fore, erred in not giving the petitioner the benefit
ot (the proclamation.
"Its judgment must be reversed, with directions
to proceed in conformity with this opinion."
I presume that the Senator from Ohio is
not in favor of paying claims of rebels for
abaudoned and captured property; and if he
is not, then the proposition which I present
merely prevents this court from having juris-
diction of such claims. There is a large
amount of these claims for abandoned cotton
still pending in the Court of Claims. It is, I
may say, a vital question with the Treasury.
I take it that there can be no political ques-
tion about it, for here I think we are all loyal,
and if we are, we are certainly not in favor of
paying disloyal claims or giving them any new
rights in the Court of Claims.
Mr. THURMAN and Mr. COLE rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California rises to move to lay on the
table.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow me five minutes.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
Mr. THURMAN. The last statement
made by the Senator from Vermont, it seems
to me, ought to be conclusive against offering
this aa an amendment to a deficiency bill. He
says there is a large number of cases already
pending in the Court of Claims, and if I under-
stand him, he wishes to pass this ameudment
and have those cases stricken from the docket.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A large num-
ber of cotton claims.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, is the Senate
going to work without any consideration to dis-
miss from the calendar of one of your courts
a large number or asmall number of the claims
on that docket without any investigation what-
ever? That, it seems to me, ouglit, to settle
the question, and ought to show that this meas-
ure ought to go to the proper committee to be
examined, and not be brought in here as an
amendment to a deficiency bill.
The opinion of the Supreme Court that has
been read by the Senator from Vermont is
what I supposed it to be. The Supreme Court
have adhered to the law which has been the
law of the country from which we derive most
of our laws time out of mind, and that is that
a full pardon blots out the offense ; in the lan-
guage of one of the old judges in an English
court, quoting from the Scriptures, " Though
thy sins were as scarlet, they shall become
white as wool." That is the idea of the effect
of a pardon, and the Supreme Court have
followed that out. If that is the case, and all
citizens who have been pardoned stand on
precisely the same footing in that, respect,
then if we undertake to say that there shall,
notwithstanding that, pardon, be proof of guilt
in this particular in the Court of Claims to
oust its jurisdiction, and a furtiori if we shall
require the party to prove innocence, we moke
a distinction between one class of citizens and
another, and we do away with the effect which
the Supreme Court says that pardon is enti-
tled to.
I know very well that we may to a great
extent limit the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims; it is a thing within our hands; but
can you limit the jurisdiction by saying that
the Court of Claims shall have jurisdiction of
claims of some citizens and not jurisdiction of
the cases of other citizens when they have
always stood on the same footing? But 1 do
not want to argue the question at all. I deem
that it ought not to be passed upon this bill.
Let it be introduced as a separate measure
and be referred to the proper committee.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to recall the mem-
ory of the Senator to the passage of what is
known as the Drake amendment. It was put
through here without consideration by a com-
mittee upon an appropriation bill : it was in
effect sprung upon the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But the Sen-
ator from South Carolina will remember that
the great objection to the Drake amendment
was that it provided that the granting of &
pardon was to be conclusive proof that the
man had been a rebel.
