3460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Mr. KELLEY. I will explain the amend-
ment to the House.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman may explain
it to the House, but it will be very hard for
him to explain it, to me.
Mr. KELLEY.' The duty on these acids
was fixed when the rate of spirit tax was two
dollars. That tax having now been reduced
to fifty cents, it is felt that the duties on these
acids should be reduced proportionately. A
proposition was submitted to the Committee
of Ways and Means to reduce that which now
pays twenty five cents per pound to five cents
a pound, and that which now pays eighty
cents to thirty-five cents, which would be very
nearly a restoration of the duties existing be-
fore the war, allowing simply for the present
spirit tax.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me ask the gentleman
why he did not bring this matter before the
Committee of Ways and Means?
Mr. KELLEY. It was brought before the
Committee of Ways and Means, and was agreed
to by that committee.
Mr. BROOKS. Why, then, was it not
reported?
Mr. KELLEY. How it happens not to
have been reported I do not know ; reference
to the records of the Clerk would, I appre-
hend, show. The gentleman himself will rec-
ognize the little pamphlet which I hold in my
hand, embodying the reductions which ought
to be made in acids and chemicals in view of
the reduced rate of spirit tax. The language
of my amendment is taken Irom that pamphlet,
of which each member of the committee had
several copies. The rates proposed by me
were agreed to unanimously in committee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURCI1ARD. I suggest to the gen-
tleman that he withdraw his amendment, and
let the proposition be considered by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to-morrow morn-
ing.
Mr. BROOKS. I concur in that suggestion.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Kellf.y, it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On acetates of ammonia, twenty-fivo cents per
pound; baryta, twenty-five cents per pound; iron,
twenty-five cents per [lound ; lead, brown, five cents
tier pound; lead, white, ten cents per pound; mag-
nesia, twent.y-tiveeonts.per pound ; potassa, twenty-
five cents per pound; soda, twenty-fivo cents per
pound ; *trontia, twenty-five cents per pound ; zmc,
twenty-five cents per pound.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move to amend by strik-
ing out the word "lead'' before "while," in
line sixty four. This amendment is merely
verbal, making the language clear, without
changing at all its purpoit.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On blue vitriol, threo cents per pound.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. X move
to strike out the paragraph just read. I make
this'motion principally for the purpse of ask-
ing my colleague, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, why the duty on
this article has been reduced two fifths? I
would be glad to know on what ground the
reduction has been made. There is here a
largo reduction of forty per cent. There is
not the same reduction on copper; and there
ought to be this reduction here, this being the
sulphate of copper.
Mr. KERR. I do not understand it to be
but fifteen per cent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir,
it is as I stated.
Mr. KERR. It is but a reduction of twenty
per eent.
Mr. DAWES". When the bill was reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means the
duty on blue vitriol was fixed at four cents a
pound; but when the bill was reported back
it was put in at three cents per pound. It
was originally in the old bill at four cents a
pound.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
modify my motion, then, so as to strike out
"three" and insert "four;" so as to make
the duty on blue vitriol four cents per pound.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 41, noes 20 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
tellers. This is what it should be, and what
the committee originally reported it.
Tellers were ordered; ami the Chair ap-
pointed Mr. Butler of Massachusetts, and Mr.
Keek.
The House again divided ; and there were—
ayes 55, -noes 07.
So the amendment of Mr. Butler, of Mas-
sachusetts, was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On quinia, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. CONGKlt. I move to strikeout "twenty-
five percent" and insert "ten per cent."
Mr. Chairman, that is the basis of a medicine
universally used in this country, and is not pro-
duced in this co-untry at all. Qninia 1 say is
the basis of a medicine in universal use.
Mr. KEllli. Especially in Michigan.
Mr. CONGER. It is used by the poor of
ourcountry, and is a universal necessity where-
ever there is sickness and disease in tiie land.
I ask that it may be reduced to ten per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. KELLEY. [ hope that reduction will
not be made.
Mr. CONGER. In the salubrious and
healthy region where 1 dwell it is immaterial
to me and my constituents generally whether
this amendment be adopted or not; but from
the countenances of gentlemen around me and
from the region they represent, 1 know this is
the basis ot a medicine which with them is a
necessity. It is the basis of a medicine needed
m every section of the country by nearly all
the people who may sulfcr from sickness or
disease, it is not produced in this country. I
desire the constituents of my friends who dwell
in sickly regions to have this medicine as
cheaply as possible.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 was on the floor when
the gentleman finished his first speech.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the present duty on
quiuia is forty-live percent, advalorcm. The
bill proposes to reduce it to twenty-five per
cent It is one of the most, valuable of medi-
cines, and one involving a great deal of care
m its preparation. It is one which pays very
heavily the spirit tax. the present rate of
spirit tax adding about twenty cents an ounce
to qninia. There are but few houses ill the
wot Id where it is manufactured—two in France,
two in England, and two in the United States.
Gentlemen may speak of its being a monopoly.
If so it is divided equally between England,
France, and the United States. The article is
selling cheaper to-day m the country than it
can be imported; and, as I have said, an ounce
cannot be produced without paying from fif-
teen to twenty cents on the existing spirit tax.
I think, theiel'ore, a larger reduction than from
forty-five to twenty-five per cent, would be ex-
tremely injudicious, and peril the production
of one third of the article produced in the
world by closing up the American establish
ments and throwing us upon those of France
and England.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Are not
the spirits in which Peruvian bark is macerated
redistilled ?
Mr KELLEY. To some extent, yes ; but
the spirits are volatile.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Not more
than alcohol.
Mr. KELLEY. Oh, yes ; I mean to say
this, that it is the purest alcohol which can be
obtained, and the alcohol while saturated with
it is put into heating lurnaces or exposed to
the heat of the sun when the wind will permit,
and the spirit is exhaled; so that you cannot
produce an ounce of it under (he sixty-five or
sixty-eight cents tax paid by spirits, equiva-
lent to the $1 30 on aleoliol, without paying
spirit taxes to the amount I have described.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. In all the discussion
that has taken place upon this bill to-day and
heretofore one thing is very remarkable ; and
that is the absence of all allusion to the rev-
enue, and the usefulness of the article which
it is proposed to tax. The entire discussion
is directed toward somebody somewhere who
can make more or less money if the tariff is
high or low. The whole drift of it is in that
direction. And even when you come to the
subject of medicines, of quinine, which men
must have when they have the ague, a medicine
which is a3 necessary to have as a drink of cold
water when a man is patched with fever, the
only discussion upon it is in regard to the
effect it will have upon some fellow who is
manufacturing the bark into quinine. Some
people in this country would levy a tax upon
iever. They tax ague.
A Member. Could we not have a prohibit-
ory tax on ague ?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. They would tax
disease, provided only they could thereby fill
the pockets oi some manufacturer somewhere;
as if a man is not shaken enough with the
chills, but you must seize him by the throat
and shake a little money out of liuu, making
him pay more for the quinine, which will stop
the chills, and all for the benefit of some fel-
low up in Philadelphia who grinds this bark.
It is a pretty commentary upon this whole
system ol grab which constitutes your tariff.
In using that word I only quoie the language
of another, a distinguished member of the
House. The word "grab" is not original
with me. Or it maybe described, as the gen-
tleman from New Yoik called it the other
day, as a system of petty larceny, i do beg
gentlemen, for God's sake, to keep hands oft,
and not steal the quinine from sick men. You
may steal on iron, you may steal on lumber,
you may steal on salt, you may steal on all
those things; but, for God's sake, do not steal
on quinine. Do not put a duty on that. Do
not enhance the price of an article winch the
cadaverous-looking, yellow-faced, saffron col-
ored poor devil of a fellow must have iu order
to stop his chills.
Mr. McCORMICK of Missouri. I wish to
say to the committee that 1 believe that with
the exception of Rosengarten & Sons, and
Powers & Weightman, there are no manuiac-
turers of quinine in the United Slates.
Mr. STEVENSON. Where are they?
Mr. McCORMICK of Missouri. Both of
these manufacturers, I believe, have their
establishments in the oily of Philadelphia;
one of them may he iu New York.
I desire also to say, Mr. Chairman, that in
the valley of the Mississippi river, iu my opin-
ion, quinine costs the people more money than
all the other faintly medicines used in this na-
tion. Of all preparations for the cure of' ague
of which I have any knowledge, the principal
curative agent, the patent nostrum, is quinine.
It has to be provided ill almost every family
iu all the malarial districts of this country. It
is an article of prime necessity, and if it is
proper that salt should be put upon the iiee
list, if it is proper that the health and life ot
this nation should be protected by any uction
of this Congress, they should put this ai ticle,
indispensable to the heabli and life ol the
American people, upon the free list. 1 tltere-
fore move that quinine be put upon the free list.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion will^be
in order when the free list is reached. fhe
question is now upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Coxueis] to
substitute in this paragraph " ten per cent. '
for "twenty-five percent"
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. DA WES. I wish my friend to wait five
minutes until half past four o'clock, the regu-
lar time for rising.
