1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2565
Mr. SAWYER. I remember very well that
the purpose of the Drake amendment was to
violate the pledged faith and honor of the
nation. I remember that the purpose of the
Drake amendment was to violate the faith of
the United States which had been pledged in
the proclamation of Abraham Lincoln 011 the
8th of December, 1802, which proclamation
had been issued in accordance with a statute
of the United States passed by Congress. I
remember that that was the purpose of the
Drake .amendment. And, Mr. President, that
is apparently the purpose of this amendment.
But I was not going into the merits of the
question. I was simply going to say that the
Drake amendment was brought in here and
sprung upon the Senate at the hour of mid-
night, and was pushed through in the dark
hours of the night—fitting time for such
work—and that thereafter the impolicy of
such legislation was shown by what almost
any right-minded man would seem to thiuk
was a just course on the part of the Supreme
Court. They declared it, invalid. Ido not want
such an amendment as this at this time upon
the heel of the consideration of a deficiency
bill. I do not want such a proposition as this
foisted on a deficiency bill without consider-
ation by ihe proper committee of the Senate,
and I hope the Senate will vote it down.
Air. COLE. I rise again to move to lay the
amendment on the table; but I see my col-
league on the committee 
Air, EDMUNDS. If my friend is going to
do that, knowing something about these affairs,
I shall ask for the yeas and nays, because I
hope it will not be la d on the table. We can-
not be engaged, if my f'rietid will pardon me,
in any more valuable business on a deficiency
bili than to save for the men whom the law
said should have it this cotton fund, instead
of giving it to those whom the law said should
not have it.
Mr. COLE. I move to lay the amendment
on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr, COLE. Several Senators have solicited
me to withdraw the motion, and I withdraw it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish—not to
occupy time, because this is a question I think
that we all understand if we remember a lit-
tle—to say just this: the act of 18G3 provided
that the agents and officers of the United
States should gather together, and sell, and
turn the proceeds into the Treasury, all the
. captured property and all the abandoned prop-
erty which should be found in the insurrec-
tionary States ; and then, in order to protect
the rights of loyal people whose property may
have been captured ill the stress of war, or
which they may have been obliged to abandon
in order to escape from the fate of being loyal
and being hung, the same statute went on to
say that the proceeds of that property should
be kept as a fund, and that any man who had
been continuously loyal to the United States,
,iud had given r.o aid or comfort to its enemies,
might, at any time within two years after the
termination of the war, file his petition in the
Court of Claims, make out that fact, and the
proceeds of his property thus seized should
be paid back to him after paying the expenses.
Mr. MORTON. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator, it the
pardon has the effect to blot out the offense
ab initio, as if it had never been committed,
does it not have the effect to give the disloyal
man a cause of action in the Court of Claims V
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what lam com-
ing to. I am only now stating the case his-
lorically, so that the Senate may know how the
ijuestion aiises. We tind, then, this money in
the Treasury raised from captured and aban-
doned property, and paid in there upon the
exoross statement of the statute that those
who should be entitled to go to the Court of
Claims and get their money back should never
have been disloyal to the United States; that
they never should have given any aid or com-
fort to its enemies. It intended to reserve any
application from the enemies of the country,
whether pardoned or not, to Congress, who
might judge in each particular ease how rner-
itorous it was, and whether it was a case not
only for the grace of pardon and amnesty which
the law had authorized the President to give,
but also a case for their putting their hands
into the pockets of the people or into this
fund of loyal men and giving them anything out
of it.
Jt is clear, then, that Congress never in-
tended to commit the question of determining
whether a man who had bonie arms against
the United States should have a share of the
property that had been abandoned or cap-
tured to any court. They intended to re-
serve it to themselves. That being the case,
the President of the United Slates in 1800
or 1807, some time in Mr. Johnson's admin-
istration, issued a proclamation of amnesty
and pardon under an act of Congress which
authorized hmi to proclaim atnni sty and par-
don, and thereby these people were pardoned.
Now the Supreme Court says that the effect of
this pardon is, in contemplation of law, to make
it in law a truth that the worst, man who
was pardoned had been the most innocent
man during the rebellion, and therefore that
Jefferson Davis, or any other person who may
be regarded as the type of infinite treason
and villainy, becomes, as the honorable Sena-
tor from Ohio says, white as wool, and not
only becomes white as wool, but is entitled,
being as white as wool, to pay himself, out of
the Treasury of the United States and through
the Court of Claims, without the intervention
of Congress, for whatever he chooses to make
out has been taken from him or that he has
abandoned or run away from.
Mr. THUR"MAN. Will the Senator allow
me? What I said about that was what 1 can
show the, Senator, if he desires me to ransack
for, is precisely the language used by an Eng-
lish judge in describing the effoct of a pardon.
I said that it was his language.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. Do 1 under-
stand the honorable Senator to stand by the
sentiment or to retiact it,?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not care what you
may ask about that. I stand by the decision
of the Supreme Court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then my honorable
friend, as I should expect him just at this
present moment to be, is a little shy of what he
thinks about that species of judicial adminis-
tration, because it is not exactly clear what the
platform will be on that subject at this moment.
[Laughter.] But we will pass that. I was
about to say that the result, of this decision of
the Supreme Court upon what my friend from
Massachusetts might perhaps well call a tech-
nicality, is that to-day in the Court of Claims
and in the Supreme Court, by force of that
decision, a man who was guilty of treason for
the four years of the war stands better than
the man who was fighting treason for the four
years of the war, because the man who was
fighting treason for four years of the war is
obliged to bring forward his witnesses and
establish as a fact that he has been con-
tinuously loyal and devoted to his country
during the time (hat these funds were being
gathered together. The rebel's attorney just
pulls out of his pocket the proclamation of A.
Johnson, and says ''Here I am, white as wool,"
whereas on the other hand the loyal mau, who
has devoted his whole time to tao defense of
his country, is obliged to luini around anions
his neighbors and friends, and among his old
Army commanders, and wherever he can, to
show (as he would il apphing for a pennon)
that he had been serving his counliy all this
time. The other fellow pulls out las pardon,
and the Supreme Court says, "You are the
best man, the law makes you pure." The other
, way
man must make it out as a fact in the best,'
he can.
Now, I say it is a shame, and I have a right
to say it is a shame. The decisions of the
Supreme Court bind the parties upon whom
they are pronounced. They do not bind me
or this Senate in what we may consider to be
just, and wise law, any more than our decis-
ions bind them-—
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to call the attention
of my friend from Vermont to the fact that, in
the act of 1808, which required the petition
to set forth that the claimant never had vol-
untarily aided, abetted, or given encourage-
ment, to the rebellion :igainst the Government,
this right was expressly reserved to the Gov-
ernment, "which allegation may be traversed
by the Government, and if, on the trial, such
issue shall be decided against the claimant,
the petition shall be dismissed."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir. I am glad my
friend has recalled that additional circum-
stance. It has been discussed here so much,
and the opinion of the Senate has been taken
so often upon it in endeavoring t,o protect the
loyal men and the Treasury against these raids,
that I did not think it necessary to take time
to read the statute. There is what Congress
intended to do in plain terms. Now, the Su-
preme Court, by a contrivance of law—which
L pronouncc no opinion upon as it respects
parties, and I have great respect for them, and
perhaps they decided right; 1 have nothing to
say about, that—have, by a mere technical
contrivance of law, put the enemies of the
Government in the attitude that the act of
Congress said they never should occupy, and
ill the attitude of hostility and injury to the
loyal claimants, because this fund is growing
small, and the loyal claimants will find them-
selves short one of these days, unless we pro-
vide that, the rebel claimants shall not be paid
upon a judgment of the Court, of Claims until
they come here. I am bound to say, lest what
I have said tnay be hereafter misconstrued,
that I ihink the law now does not authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay any of
these Couit of Claims judgments, since we
have covered in the money, without, an act
of Congress; but, as there is some difference
of opinion about that, this amendment ought
to be passed as a security.
Mr. COLE. 1 hope we shall now have a
vote on this question.
Mr. THURMAN. If you move to lay iton
the table, well and good, but I have a word to
say if the amendment is to be pressed.
Mr. COLE. 1 will test the question by
moving to lay the amendment on the table,
and 1 call for a division on that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
Irom California moves that the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont belaid
on the table, and demands a division.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. STEWART. 1 wish to remark 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. STEWART. I wish simply to give
notice that I shall call for the regular order if
this debate is to proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
recognize the Senator if he desires to call for
the regular order after the vote shall have been
taken.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cole,
Cooper Davis of West Virginia, Gotdth\vaito1 Hill,
Johnston, Kelly, faaui.-bury, Sawyer, bponcer, btoek-
ton, Xhunn.in, and Trumbull—16.
NAYS—i\tesni>. Ames-, Anthony. Boromiin. Oald-
wclCameron, Conk 1m sr. Corbett. Orsigin, lidinunds,
Fcnron. Ferry of Michigan, Hamilton o!' lcxa>,
Uuuiim, ibfcncoek, Mornil of Alamo, Morrill or
Vermont. Morfon, Ny<3, Patterson. Pomei'oy, Pititi.
Soon, West, Wmdom, and Wright—25.
ABSEVi' — Messrs. Alcorn. Browuiow, Bucking-
ham, Carpenter. Chandler, Clayton, ltavis ot iven-
tucky, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, ireling-
