1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1669
[Mr. Trumbull.] relative to the salary of dis-
trict judges. The Senator from New York
[Mr. Coniclixg] is on the floor upon the ap-
propriation bill by consent of the Senator
from Georgia.
Mr. CONKLING, The Senator from Cali-
fornia will see that I wish to make a remark
strictly to that amendment, if lie will allow
me to proceed. I wish that the chairmen of the
three committees—on Finance, on Appropria-
tions, and on Commerce—who have important
bills in charge, could by arrangement agree
upon the order in which they would present
those bills, and I would be glad as one Sena-
tor to follow the lead which should come from
such a conference. I wish, however, to make
a remark in answer to the honorable Senator
from Illinois, who once before presented the
same idea to the Senate that he has presented
this jnorning. He says, if I understand him,
that the House of Representatives originating
a revenue bill and sending here, wecauamend
it, but we cannot amend it so much as is pro-
posed, that we cannot hang upon that bill a
general revenue bill, to use the very expres-
sion of the Senator.
It will be remembered that not long ago a
bill passed the Senate dismissing the income
tax. The House of Representatives, assert-
ing its privilege, laid that bill upon the table.
It led to a conference between the two Houses,
and I had the honor of serving as a member
of the conference committee on the part of the
Senate. The honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scott,] as chairman of that
committee, submitted an elaborate and a very
able report, stating very clearly the whole doc-
trine applicable to this subject. I think a
perusal of that report would render it unneces-
sary to consider this question for one moment.
I beg, however, to say that in the course of a
very long conference, which occupied nearly
the whole of one night, every conceivable view
held by the House of Representatives upon
the question was presented; and the Senator
from Ohio speaks with no exaggeration when
he says that no man presented or suggested such
a doctrine as is presented to us by the honorable
Senator from Illinois. On the contrary, the
whole argument in all its phases presupposed
the undoubted right of the Senate to amend
a revenue bill ad libitum. The privilege for
which the House struggled was the origination
of money bills, as they were originally called
in the British constitution, of revenue bills as
they are called hero ; but the managers of the
House conceded, and made as part of their
argument to support it, the admission that the
Senate could go at large in the matter of
amending any bill originated by the House and
sent to the Senate for its action. And, as my
honorable friend by my side [Mr. Hamlin]
reminds me, that was not denied by the House;
and speaking of the precedents, which we
searched with a good deal of care, I venture
to say it has never been denied by the House
and never been denied in the House in any
recorded instance.
Why, Mr. President, how can it be that with
a right to amend bills we have not a right to
amend them more or less? The House sends
us a tariff bill putting tea and coffee on the free
list. Can we add to it salt and coal? No
doubt of it. Can we add three other commod-
ities? No question about it. But having
added three, if we add three score the ques-
tion of order would obtain. It is not then
the question whether we amend'the bill, but
how much we amend it.
I venture to call the attention of the Senate
to this, not for the mere purpose of discussing
an abstraction, but my constituents are deeply
and impatiently interested in the tariff bill.
The House of Representatives has put tea and
coffee on the free list, and unsettled a market
which involves millions daily, and many men
are sorely pressed and distressed by the pend-
ency in choate form of any bill upon that
question. They want to know whether goods
now in the bonded warehouses are to be in-
cluded if the bill is to pass  
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I will state a single fact that came to me
from the New York Chamber of Commerce.
The sales of tea for the last ten days of Feb-
ruary, 1871, amounted, to twelve hundred and
eighty-two thousand pounds. In the last ten
days of February, 1872, since the passage of
the House bill, the withdrawal of tea for com-
sumption in New York was reduced to five
hundred and seventy thousand pounds, an im-
mense falling off. The effect upon the coffee
trade has been precisely the same; so that men
who had, say, ten thousand bags of coffee on.
hand,if the House bill passed would lose $50,000
at once without any fault of their own, and
the question is whether they are to lose it all
or part of it, or whether they are to have time
to sell their stocks. They are in anxious doubt.
In the mean time the sale of tea and coffee,
except for absolute da'ily use, is strangled,
suspended.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, Mr. President,
and the mail every morning comes to me
freighted with tokens of distress, and tele-
grams come to me daily from these men speak-
ing of facts such as the honorable Senator
mentions. Now, if when this tariff bill origin-
ated by the House, to which our Committee
on Finance proposes amendments, comes
before us, it is to be mere Dead sea fruit, if it
is to turn to ashes in consideration, as the
honorable Senator from Illinois suggests, then
I agree with him most heartily that no time
should be wasted upon it, and that it concerns
the public, especially dealers in these com-
modities, to know that fact. On the contrary,
I believe it to be a tangible and urgent duty
for the Senate to lose not a moment in the
consideration and consummation of the bill.
The appropriation bills ought to be passed,
and I cannot agree with the Senatorfrom Ohio
that anything has yet demonstrated that at
this stage of the session the Senator from
California cannot obtain successful considera-
tion of those bills. If the House would con-
cur with us in the resolution fixing a definite
day of adjournment, I know the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations would have
no difficulty in obtaining consideration, and
early consideration, for his bills. We labor
under that difficulty. Still, I believe he can
perfect his appropriation bills, and he can do
it at this stage of the session.'
The bills of which the Senator from Michi-
gan said something are, many of them, im-
portant, I know, as a member of the Commit-
tee on Commerce. But, Mr. President, I
relieve the Senate by saying that as far as the
tariff bill can be advanced without seriously
interrupting the business of the Committee on
Appropriations I shall stand at all times by
the Senator from Ohio, and I hope that he
will insist upon his motion ; and I have no
doubt whatever, as one member of the body,
that we have an entire right to consider the
bill of the House and to amend it, no matter
how much, and no matter how little. That
addresses itself not to a question of order, but
solely to the legislative discretion of this body.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from New York
has gone a great ways toward demonstrating
that the appropriation bills cannot be disposed
of in any reasonable time. That Senator insists
upon his right on an appropriation bill to dis-
cuss any sort of topic, and I believe he is the
only Senator who insists on that right.
Mr. CONKLING. Why does my honorable
friend say that ? Did I ever on an appropria-
tion bill discuss any other topic?
Mr. COLE. The Senator just now obtained
the floor for the purpose of discussing matters
which do not pertain at all to the appropria-
tion bill, on this amendment "of the Senator
from Georgia.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I was discussing the order of business
strictly.
Mr. COLE. Discussing it on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia, and lie got
him to yield the time to do it.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. I do not wish to detain the
Senate, but I ask leave of the Senator from
Georgia to present an amendment which is
requested by the Comptroller of the Treasury,
and to which there will be no objection, re-
lating to the accounts of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks unanimous consent, pend-
ing the amendment before the Senate, to pre-
sent an amendment to the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to ask my
friend if he will not give way informally with
this bill to allow a vote to be taken on the
resolution giving Monday nest to the Commit-
tee on Commerce?
Mr. COLE. Let us go on with this bill.
The Senator from Georgia has the floor, and
yields to me for this purpose.
Mr. HILL. For that purpose alone.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to unanimous
consent to amending the bill. We can amend
it when the proper time comes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The' Senator
from Illinois objects, and the amendment can-
not be received. The pending question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Hill] to the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbdll,] upon which
the Senator from Georgia is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Georgia if he will allow me a moment to reply
to the Senator from New York?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
York, as is often the case, argues one question
while I intended to present to the Senate a
different one. I do not deny that the Senate
can amend a revenue bill. That is not the
point. But the Senate decided that a bill to
repeal a tax was not a revenue bill.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me to
make an inquiry?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will occupy but a
minute. The House of Representatives has
passed a bill to repeal certain taxes. It was
the opinion of the Senate, including the Sen-
ator from New York, deliberately expressed,
that that was not a revenue bill. If I under-
stand the position of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania and the Senator from New York,
both, it is that a bill to repeal a tax is not a
revenue bill. That being so, what right have
you to put a revenue bill on it? That is the
point.
Mr. CONKLING. Ifthatis the point, let mo
make this suggestion: if it is not a revenue
bill, what possible objection can there be in
anybody's estimation to amending it ? We
originate even appropriation bills here ; a rev-
enue bill is the only exception.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will tell the Senator.
It hot being a revenue bill, you cannot put a
revenue bill on it. Does the Senator from
New York contend that the Senate, on a bill
to establish a judicial district in the State of
New York, can attach to it a revenue bill—a
bill to raise the revenue ?
Mr. CONKLING. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He admits that you
cannot. If that be so, then you cannot by
amendment attach a revenue bill to any bill
that is not a revenue bill.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will par-
don me, I will state the suggestion I made.
Suppose the House originates a bill which dis-
misses certain taxes, and the_ Senate adds an
additional list so that it dismisses other taxes.
If it is a revenue bill, I insist we have a right
to amend it; and if in truth it is not_a revenue
bill, ouramendmentisgermane^ andisno more
in the nature of a revenue measure than the
original bill, because it is continuing the same
line of legislation. That is the point I make.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see about that.
